
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. The issue of men and boys and women's sports is back in the news just in time for pride month, which is being celebrated by Sesame Street because nothing says hello and welcome to children like celebrating the trans people. And then there's new reporting about the Algerian mail boxer that we brought you extensive reporting on back in August of last year. Just we're gonna do this starting at the top of our second hour when Stephen A. Smith is here.


But lemme just tell you something. You may remember we came on camera when this controversy broke before anyone else, others came to the party, but we were there first saying this is a male. This is a biologically male boxer who's boxing in women's boxing and pummeling the hell out of women. And publication after publication came after this show from The Daily Show to Media Matters, calling us Transphobes and bigots and saying we were wrong on the facts, which is what really gets my goat. You can call me names all day long. It doesn't bother me. I'm used to it, but don't tell me I'm wrong on the facts.


Just ask Jake Tapper how that goes. Okay, we were not wrong. We were out on a limb because no one else would tell the truth. And we put on the reporter who had seen IE. Khalif's genetics test the chromosomal test. He had laid his own eyes on it and we put him on for you And he told you what he saw. And still people disputed our facts saying we had it wrong. Well we didn't. Yet again, we've been proven right? And the so-called mainstream has been proven entirely wrong as they spewed allegations of bigotry and having incorrect facts at us.


The irony of it that the irony, how wrong they were and how freely they throw around those terms. Just to shut you up when you are reporting facts, we're gonna have a full report laid out in our second hour with the sound and the reminders and we'll name names on the disgusting perpetrators of those attacks. Not just against us but in general. And trying to defend this mailbox boxer who was beating the hell out of other women and stole the gold medal in the Olympic Games, stole it. It is happening at the Olympics and it's happening in college and it's happening at the high school level.


Those are the facts. It was all over the news this past weekend all over that, that runner, I mean he's not really a runner, he's a high jumper and a long jumper out in California. He won first place in, I can't remember his high jumper long jump. But he run won first place in one of them and they made the actual first place winner, the girl share the top podium with him. This was their great solution. Let's just kick it off there. I'm joined today. Very happy to be joined by link Lauren. He's the host of Spot on with Link Lauren on the MK Media Podcast network.


This administration is working very hard to try and fix this country, but while they're focused on fixing the country, they can't fix your personal finances. That's really up to you. And that's why thousands of Americans are turning to Birch Gold. In the past 12 months, the value of gold has risen by 30%. Think about that. How's your stock market investment doing as it gone up? 30% have made 30% on your money and demand is strong and it's growing. While reports are that the Brix nations are actively working to challenge the US dollar as the world's reserve currency, that's not great. In other uncertain times, gold has offered peace of mind. And in these uncertain times it does the same. Birch gold makes it incredibly easy to convert your existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA backed by physical gold. Or if you prefer you can buy gold to store in your own home safe, just Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. And Birch Gold will send you a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, only useful information with an a plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers take control of protecting your savings today. Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 link. Wonderful to have you.


This shit pisses me off to no end. I mean it's at the, the height of sport at a, the Olympic level all the way down to girls who are still in puberty having to deal with a boy out in California. And it's not just California, it's Washington state. It's actually, we have quite a few examples teed up of these boys running in the girls' track meets and participating in the girls' sports. And this ridiculous accommodation by California to try to get out of the thumb that President Trump put down in them last Tuesday by saying, okay, if a male wins the girls' race or event, they're both gonna get a first place medal.


Everyone's a winner and they're both gonna literally have to stand atop the highest platform. The girls have to share it with a fake girl like she belongs there. Instead of being there alone as the clear best. No one's saying at a woman's event, they're the best in the world at everything. They're saying amongst women, women who play this sport, they're the best. You know, right now it's EGAs via, but Coco Goff is making her way up or watching the French open. Like there's only one is the number one girl. And it's a lie what's happening in California. This is a bullshit accommodation which Gavin Newsom is all too happy with because somehow he thinks this is like the fairness thing that he just couldn't come up with.


He thought about it for two minutes. He just couldn't come up with anything better. And an attempt to skirt the big hand of big Daddy Trump who is ready to reign hell down on these guys, what do you make of it? Well it's funny you brought up Iman Khali. I just remembered months ago when that whole situation happened with the boxer Taylor Lorenzo, all people direct messaged me on Instagram and said, you should take your post down because you're wrong. That's not a biological man. That's fake information. And I was like, Taylor, are you sure? I don't know, but I was scared of getting canceled. Turns out we were right. And I thought, You know, it walks like a duck, talks like a duck. It looks like a man. And my rule is always, You know, do you have shoulders like a linebacker in an Adams apple the size of Alabama?


You are probably a man. Okay, my eyes do not deceive me. I know a thing or two. So no, that was funny that Taylor Lorenz told me to take my post down about the boxer and that I was wrong and spreading misinformation. And we are always vindicated time and time again. And when it comes to California and Gavin Newsom, does he not remember his little podcast with Charlie Kirk when he was doing his sort of rebranding reinvention tour, which lasted two minutes? And he said it was a fairness issue. He said, men should not be in women's sports. And I questioned Gavin Newsom as a father, right? He has daughters, he has a wife. Do you want your daughter getting beat up on? You wouldn't want your daughter sharing a locker room with a man. These people are full of crap. Gavin Newsom.


It's the rules for thee not for me. There's no way these men want their daughters going through the same thing, but they're so scared of this liberal progressive mob, this minority in their party that is actually just so loud that they constantly capitulate to them. I think Gavin Newso wants to run in 2028. He's going to have to move more to the middle. Pete Buttigieg is trying to rebrand Tim Walls is trying to rebrand, but we will be here holding them to account. 'cause we remember how radical these guys are and that they would not protect women. Let that be a lesson to everybody to listen to this show. And not to Taylor Loren, but a lesson nobody needs, literally nobody listening to that needs that this needs that. Yeah, she's wrong on everything. I mean, she's, she, everything she writes is guided by her very strange emotional state as opposed to a commitment to facts.


And I will say, look, it's even harder to stick to real facts when everybody's coming down on you as you are feeling, but those who can do it will establish a name for themselves and credibility in this industry. And those who bend the knee will not. Same thing happened with Tampon Tim. Yeah, tampon Tim definitely signed a law saying that girls, that girls and boys, all the, the bathrooms had to make tampons available in the Minnesota schools and they tried to deny it. And the Star Tribune, which is disgustingly far left partisan hack paper, tried to say we were wrong and we weren't, we were not wrong. And we showed the audience, the, the videotape of the lawmakers having the debate, the trans lawmaker out there was the biggest evidence I had from my side.


This person was all over the debate saying no in the boys' rooms too. And I, and I mean business. Anyway, let's go back to What happened in California. So this Ab Hernandez who I, I'm sorry that, like I've, I'm sure this is somebody who's very confused, but there's something very strange about this person. He, he, he looks like a boy trying to look like a girl And he wears like almost kabuki makeup. I don't know what's with the kabuki, what's going on with the kabuki makeup, right? Like, You know what I'm saying? It's, it's really Clowny high queen makeup at the track. Yeah, it's really crazy. It's like super white. Like this is what I, I joke with Doug that he's trying to psych out his tennis opponents because he never runs in his sun rubs in his sunscreen.


It's like he's trying to freak his opponents out. Like kabuki. I don't know what's like a gay show. You look wider than I do. It's a lot. Right, right. So anyway, I don't know what the ab Hernandez approach here is, but I do know he's winning. So he was allowed to compete at the States, this is state championships. He won first place in the triple jump, took home gold finishing with a jump of 42 feet and two inches. The real winner, who was a girl Kira Hatcher, placed 40 feet five inches. So two feet behind him. I mean, that's a lot. She, he beat her by two feet in the, sorry, I'm, I'm, I'm mixing. Okay. In the triple jump, Hernandez jumped 42 feet and two inches, right?


And Kira Hatcher, she jumped 40 feet five inches. So she was two feet behind him and they were both forced to share the podium in the high jump. He and two actual girls all hit five feet, seven inches. So those two girls who actually did tie one another for first had to share it with yet a third person, a boy, hey Ab Hernandez who tied them. And Ab Hernandez took second place in the long jump. An actual girl did finish ahead of him. Her name was Lauren Webster. She was the only female to finish ahead of Hernandez in any competition in which the trans athlete competed this past weekend. She was the only one.


And he shared the podium with the second place winner, Brooke White, who didn't get to have second place on her own, but had to share it with him. So he, ahead of Saturday's competition was caught on camera by NBC four in Los Angeles talking about how there was this rule change where he, if he won, was gonna have to share the podium. And here's what he said, Just nervous right now, You know, state finals back here again, just like trying not to get in my head and just relax. But it's a little harder this year. They should have just left it alone this year and try and fix it next year. I see he, he should have been allowed to win everything.


That's, that's the bottom line link. Well, I'm happy to see more and more girls revolting. I saw a video of girls walking away. I think they're going to start fighting back very loudly because they have people like us in their corner. They have the internet in their corner. They are on the 80% of this 80 20 issue. So I'm happy to see these high school girls, they're going to start pushing back and it's going to become more aggressive and I will be right there with them, cheering them on. But what's the hypocrisy that we're seeing right now is that Gavin Newsom and all these leftists, they're about DEI, feminism protecting women, women supporting women. But then they're fine with girls getting beat up, losing out on gold medals and scholarships. And also there are girls across the country who might not be in California. They might not be in a big city.


And for them winning that medal is the scholarship to get outta their small town and to go off to college and to expand their worldview. And when they're losing out to men, they're stripping them of their future that they've worked so hard for getting up at 4:00 AM every single day. And then selfishly, I don't know anything about sports. And every time a man is in a sports competition, stealing it from a woman, I have to do copious amounts of research. I'm like, what is the CIF? Long jump, high jump. I don't know what all this is. So if they could stop putting men and women's sports, because I'm having to learn all about sports when I know nothing. Okay, can you please stop Just having to learn about sports? Takes a lot. Never turn around and try to keep track who's female, who's male or in the Olympic boxer, You know, who's got which chromosomes.


Exactly. And What happened to them. I have a packet in front of me in preparation for today. This all happened over the past weekend. We, we had examples of this in California, in Washington state, in Oregon, in Minnesota. I could go on, I mean it's happening, it's everywhere state after state after state. Again this, there was a teacher at my daughter's school who just told her two weeks ago that there are only 10 10 of these trans athletes participating in girls sports. It's a lie. It's not true. It's happening every week in every school in practically every city across the country. Now I wanted to spend one minute on the messaging around this AB Hernandez because his mother came out and of course cloaks her son in glory doesn't acknowledge that he's cheating.


He's cheating. He's got an a male testosterone advantage And he is got male limbs advantage and the jumping ability and the height ability and all the advantages that your average male has over the average female. So she gives an interview same. Well doesn't, I would still do every case she gives an interview to that same NBC affiliate and every single trope that the trans community offers up to justify this was offered here. Listen, When you see how happy this kid is being herself, You know, the first time I saw her come out dressed as a girl that where she didn't have to hide it from me. I saw it in her face. She, so I was like, this is it.


This is what she wants. I'm gonna support it. Behind abs, every move is her mother Ada, who has been watching from the crowd and protecting her 16-year-old daughter from nearby protesters, both on the ground and in the sky. I'm not losing my child because of my stubbornness. And for me being close-minded, like I'd rather embrace our times together even if it's been this difficult than going to a cemetery and crying because I couldn't accept something. So everyone uses the female pronouns. This is how you lose the argument NBC saying she's, she's protecting her daughter. Who, who, if you imagine how confused the audience is out there, why?


Why is this all this hubbub about a girl running in the girl's events about her daughter participating in girls' sports and then just the added cherry on top is she's going to commit suicide if we don't let her do this. All of you are trying to make my daughter kill herself by standing up for fairness and safety in girl sports. Well that's what the medical lobby does. There are these sick doctors who tell the parents of young kids, You know, some of them are single digits, they're 12, 13, 14. If you don't buy into your kids' gender dysphoria and put them on the cross-sex hormones and go through that process, they could take their own life. That's kind of the go-to. And we've seen it time and time again. Honestly, I think puberty is probably the best healer or panacea for gender dysphoria.


Let those hormones come in, go through puberty, puberty. And if you're 18, 19, 20 and you still really feel like you're trans, then you're an adult. Go make that decision. But in this case, with the mother, I feel like if the child is underage and the mom is pushing the kid to transition, the kid should probably be taken from you. It's sort of the opposite of the Tim Walls model. If you're pushing your kid to transition and be injected with hormones, I question you as a parent. And that's when I think the government should step in and protect these children because there are sick parents who are injecting their kids with hormones. There are countless teenage girls getting mastectomies. I don't care what the liberals say in my comments. You can look up the statistics. There's no reason 16-year-old girls should be getting their breast cut off in the name of gender dysphoria. So in this case, AB Hernandez, you are a victim and I feel sorry for you and have empathy for you.


And California should step in because your mom is buying into this hysteria as well. And listening to the doctors who are probably liberal, progressive socialist and pushing trans every single day. Yes. And the, and the news media is part of the problem. I worked at NBCI was part of the problem while there. I've talked to my audience about this. It was early on in this whole thing, but it was, You know, frankly it was late enough that I should have known better. But the whole thing hadn't exploded in the way it has. And this was back in 2018. However, NBC has learned nothing. They've learned nothing from the explosion of this ideology amongst children and the detransition and their testimonials and the data we now have on what p puberty blockers into cross sex, sex hormones does to a young girls or boys fertility and sexual function.


Nothing they, they've paid zero attention. It's all about you have to affirm or you're a bigot. And they refuse to use biologically based language pronouns and words like daughter should not have been in that NBC news piece. And there was a great example of fighting back against this on CNN over the weekend. It happened on Friday, it circulated on X over the weekend. It was attorney Julie Hamill who confronted far left activist Brianna Kilar, who poses as a neutral news anchor, but is really just a partisan hack. And ju and Julie Hamill in like sort of stone cold fashion, just called out Brianna Lars Nonsense and a factual discussions.


Here's a clip. What would make this fair for, for her to compete for those who are competing against her? What? What would that kind of structure in in competition look like? Who is her Ab Ab? Okay, AB Hernandez is a male who identifies as a female. What would be fair is to have Hernandez competing in the male category. It is not fair to the females competing to have to compete with a male. That's how it's done.


Yes, that's so us too. You know what's funny is I actually got an email I'm remembering now from Media Matters. Apparently they're upset because last time I was on your show we referred to Dylan Mulvaney as a he or something. And so they're mad at me. She is like Lauren and Megan Kelly. Yeah, something like that. And so why are we getting raked over the coals for using biological pronouns? Also, I'm gonna say it and I get attacked for saying it. If you're a man and you feel like you should become a woman, you have to really sit and reflect and think, am I gonna make a pretty girl? Some of these guys who transition, you gotta be metacognitive. You know, we all know what we're good at and what we're not. I know I'm not a six foot two athlete. Communication is my skill that is going to help you move into adulthood figuring out who you are and what you're good at.


So some of these men who are like, You know what, even though I've got shoulders like a linebacker and an Adams apple the size of Alabama, I'm gonna transition and put on a dress in heels. Some of you aren't meant to become women. I know media matters is gonna shit themselves over that comment. But it's true. You're not meant to be women, it's just not the case. No, no. It's like a line that was once dropped on my husband as they were talking about this, this trans person who is a man trying to pr look like a female. And this person said to my husband, ugly as a man, outrageous as a woman. It doesn't, it doesn't tend to like improve your appearance to go from an unattractive man into a fake woman like that guy who keeps running around to all the restaurants getting fake mad that they're misgendering him.


I mean he looks like a, like a professional wrestler. And he shows up with this huge Adams apple as you point out and his deep voice. And he is like, it's ma'am, it's ma'am. Okay, so back to the track and field. Felix Canino. Yes. Yeah. Is that who it is? Okay, so back to the track and field. Now moving on from California to Washington state, there is for the second year in a row, someone named Logan Veronica Garcia. Okay Veronica. There's something about it. Who won the girls 400 meter race? This Garcia is 17 years old and runs for East Valley High School. His time put him ahead of the actual first place girl Lauren Matthew by nearly a full second.


And he, Veronica Garcia beat his time from last year's state final by 0.05 seconds. So he's been doing this for a couple of years now. Oh yay. He, let's see, when he was announced as the winner, booze rang out and the audience cheered for Lauren Matthews, who they knew Matthew, who they knew was the rightful winner. Let's watch a bit of that here. Second place, Lauren Matthew, and first place your 2025 winner in a time of 55.70 from East Valley of Spokane, Veronica Garcia.


Wow, Your girl's. 400 meter. That's amazing Link in Washington state. This isn't Texas, this is not Alabama. This is pretty blue. And they've had it. No, everyone has had it. And I know we keep saying it's an 80 20 issue, but I know President Trump is like, it's really a 95 5 issue. It's a 99 1 issue. I think that's right. It's just this small radical mob that's constantly being pushed on us. And I really feel like from the far left, I'm not gonna lump everybody on the left into this category. They're incredible Democrats who may be watching this. But there seems to be this sort of systemic erasure of the nuclear family of, You know, family values, of women's rights, women's spaces.


And this was supposed to be the party of women's rights. And now they're perfectly fine with men coming in and stealing all their gold medals and trophies. So I am glad people are booing. They need to get more aggressive and get out there and fight back and fight back and fight back. I also think the Democrats are just gonna continue losing if they come down on the side of the 20% of these 80 20 issues and all of the insanity. Okay, one more for you here. Oregon. In Oregon, I mean remember this, this is this teacher at my school said every day only it is only happened 10. Just 10. Oh really? I mean like this is, we're going through multiple just this past weekend, just in a couple of states. Nevermind, I think he was referring to the ncaa, which whose president said, I'm only aware of 10 who are actively competing right now.


Pandemic, which is, yeah, exactly. It's a trans demic Trans, Which we dismantled anyway that claim about only 10 at the NCAA level as well. Okay, so this is in Oregon. Female athletes. There were in the state championship for track and field and the video obtained by Fox News digital shows, two high school seniors, Reese Eckard of Sherwood High School and a Alexa Anderson of Tigard High School. Step down from their respective spots on the podium next to the trans athlete and faced the other way. Anderson had placed, third eckard had placed fourth. The trans athlete there had actually come in fifth.


But these two girls were sick of it. They understood that there should be a rightful girl in the fifth place spot and they were not having it. They did not forget the girls who got screwed over by this boy pretending here they were. They, they hopped down, they turned their backs and then an official confronted them and gestured for them to move away. They were then seen walking away, standing off to the side. The one who came in fifth, taking the rightful spot of a, an actual girl goes by Leah Rose. His real name is Zachary. And he's a boy. And he competed as a boy in 2023 and 2024. And you know, this guy was middling and probably stunk, but he wanted to compete and do better and went over to the girls and was allowed to do it immediately.


These two girls who stepped down from the podium said, we didn't do it out of hate, we did it because someone has to say this isn't right. In order to protect the integrity and fairness of girls sports, we must stand up for what is right. And just as an aside, back to the Washington state example that we just went through, and this Garcia, Veronica, this person said last year, in June, as he won in that particular competition, said he was somewhat hurt that his, his peers did not offer him congratulations for his big win. I guess maybe I expected sportsmanship because I was cheering the rest of them on when they were called.


So I expected that to get reciprocated, but I didn't get it. So he's shocked, shocked link that the girls like, as we also saw there in Oregon, are not more excited to lose their medals and their first place spots to these boys. Well it's interesting. None of these guys could hack it in the men's category. So they have to come over and hijack the women's category. And what's also interesting is they just want to erase these women's spaces. And I know I keep saying it time and time again, but that's really what's happening. And what that used to be, the LGBT movement was we want equal rights, we want equal treatment. Well now the trans movement is we want special treatment, we wanna be able to do whatever we want whenever we want.


If we identify as a guy on a Monday, we're gonna identify as a girl on a Tuesday. And you just have to accept that, call us the right pronouns. Let us into your locker rooms, let us onto your sports teams. What happened to equal rights? It's like you give them an inch, they're gonna want 10. You know what I'm saying? That's the LGBT community. Yeah. They're gonna want more and more and more. And the whole gay rights movement for decades was we want gay marriage. Well, 10 years ago this summer you got the Obergefell Supreme Court decision. You got gay marriage, but then all these nonprofits, like human rights campaign and hundreds of nonprofits across the country, they needed a new grift to continue fundraising. 'cause their whole fundraising plan was, we need to fight to get gay rights. Well now it's trans rights. These are not rights.


Okay? There are no rights in this country. Trans people do not have, they say Trump is transphobic, he's taking trans rights away. You did not lose any rights on November 5th, January 20th at the inauguration. We are only saying you can't push trans onto kids. You can't just come into women's sports. You can't go into girls' bathrooms and locker rooms. You can't expose yourself. If you wanna be a normal trans adult, whatever floats your boat and coats your throat. Come one, come all to the Halloween ball. Do what you wanna do. But you can't come into women's spaces and you guys constantly want special treatment and we're sick of it. That's what it is. That's exactly right. And you know, I mean, for the record, I've said this before, but I really, I used to be much more of the mind of like, you do you if that's what you, I I'm really not.


I'm, I really kind of had like, I think it's very kind of creepy. I don't, I don't wanna see a man dress as a woman. I'm not a dress, I'm not your fucking costume. I'm not like No, no, no. I if you've got No, but I'm just saying like, there, there is like a general attitude amongst everybody. Not not, I'm not blaming this on you, but like the, the thing to say is I'm fine. Like if you want whatever you do in your own private world is your business. Like adults go ahead. If you wanna be trans, I I really, I've gotta be honest, I actually do have a problem with it. I am not your costume. It, to me it's the same thing as black people who don't want people wearing black face. I, I'm not a costume. Women are not a costume. We're not a dress. You can't embody what it is and means to be a woman by pulling a Dylan Mulvaney and prancing around like some overly femme bot version of women that a man dreamed up.


It's, it's insulting, it's demeaning and it makes me very uncomfortable. And the truth is, the larger and weirder the man, the more uncomfortable. That's the honest truth. Right? No, I was just thinking of some of the trans conservatives out there who were like, we don't care if you call us the wrong pronoun, we'll do our own thing. We just wanna blend in and be adults. You guys I'm fine with, but a majority view, like Dylan Mulvaney, you came up on the internet making a mockery of the female experience. Dylan Mulvaney went viral because he was like, Ugh, I chipped a nail. I'm a woman now. I wrote an angry email. I know what it's like to be a woman. I can tell you that is certainly not the case. I work with women every single day, was raised by a strong woman. You're an incredibly strong woman. I look up to that is not what it means to be a woman.


So there are folks like Dylan Mulvaney who are making a mockery of the female experience. And it's unfortunate that those are the ones with millions of followers and these huge platforms. Yeah. And getting like endorsement deal after endorsement deal. No, I had somebody, I don't wanna get specific because I don't mean this person Ill will, but this person was a, let's say provider in my life of, You know, certain services. And it was a man one day. And then I went back to see him And he was dressed as a female and had quote transitioned and I was shocked. I was not expecting it. Nobody had warned me on his staff that I was walking into somebody who was now going to try to look like a woman didn't, but was clearly trying.


And we had a discussion about it and literally in that first discussion, he tried to tell me that he had been me too in his first two weeks of being a woman. Oh, come on. That some man had quote grabbed his breast, which was non-existent. I'm like, this is so ridiculous. Like the glomming onto every like, okay, that, that too is sort of a part of the sickness, right? Like these, these guys who pretend they get a period, these guys who pretend they've been sick, toed sick, that they've been like sexually assaulted, like because they're a woman. It's just, it's so creepy and it's all part of my just you, you take your own illness or whatever's going on with you, you work it out with your doctor.


I'm not engaging, right? I'm not supportive. I'm not, I won't bully you to your face. I'm not gonna see you and try to make you feel bad. But I'm not per, I'm not participating in any way. Well absolutely. I'm not saying I'm like the biggest trip. Anybody who watches me knows I'm not the biggest trans cheerleader. I was just saying yesterday, what's unfortunate with pride month is us normal gays are being lumped in with these radical teeth. Yes. And we are sick of it. It's wrong. We don't wanna be lumped in. And that's what I that's what I was trying to explain. It's like for decades we just wanted gay marriage, we got gay marriage and now everybody else is ruining it. For the rest of us, we were fine after that. Let us be, let us live our lives now it's like we wanna be in women's bathrooms, we wanna dress like women, we wanna have, You know what you were saying, fake periods and performative womanhood.


We were fine being normal and now we're all being lumped in with the L-G-B-T-Q-R 2D two that we want nothing to do with. Honestly. It's so true. And no one has the ball to say it. So What, yeah, what does, I mean I'm, I know you saw this, these numbers, but there was just a poll out on Abergel and how people are feeling about gay marriage 10 years after the Supreme Court ruling. Right? And the numbers show that Democrats are overwhelmingly in favor of it still independents are some, they're exactly where they've always been was like 74%. I think the Democrats are 92% in favor. And the Republicans have gone way down. They were like at 55% support a few years ago and now they're at 41%.


So to what do we attribute the, the fall in Republican support for gay marriage? So I've gotten so many messages about this from liberals saying, how could you be friends with Republicans? How could you be conservative? How could you go on Meghan Kelly's show? How could you like President Trump? I never look down on voters. I will attack Kamala Harris. I will at attack public figures. I am never going to look down on Republican voters. In fact, I try to understand them. I do not blame them whatsoever for saying, You know what, we are a little bit tired of the LGBT stuff. And I think that's what you're seeing in the polls. Years ago people were fine with it. They got gay marriage, go do what you wanna do, you wanna get married. It was a great day for gay divorce lawyers as well.


The Obergefell decision. That's right. But no, these, when you look at these polls, I think what's really coming out in the polls is that all the trans stuff is being shoved down our throats every day on social media. You turn on TV and the trans voices that are the loudest are the ones with like blue hair screaming. They're shrill, they're invading women's spaces. So I don't blame Republican voters for saying Uhuh, we're tired of it. Nope, nope, nope. We gave you what you wanted, but now we're tired of it. So I don't blame them whatsoever. And I know that upsets a lot of liberal LGBT people. They want me to be the one to come out here and say, you guys get on board with us. But I think a lot of LGBT people need to do some self-reflection. You have to take culpability for what you have done. And the trans people out there, like Dylan Mulvaney and others, they're ruining it for the rest of us.


The radicals invading women's spaces, they're ruining it for the rest of us. That's what's happening. So if you guys can't look in the mirror and be self-reflective, I can't help you. But I do not blame the voters whatsoever for saying they're a little fatigued with all the lgbtq plus nonsense. What do you make of, because I've seen a lot of this. I mean, I have a lot of gay and lesbian friends who are married and who have kids, and there has been an uptick in my anecdotal observation of opinions and messaging on, on the conservative side against in particular gay adoption. Like showing two gay men in like a hospital, receiving a baby born by surrogate.


It may be one of the male's sperm or it may have no biological connection to the men. I, You know, it can be done anyway. But a lot of conservatives who I really like and respect are, will circulate these videos in very harsh terms. Right. You know, referring to it as like almost theft of a baby and and the denial of a baby's right and need to be with its mother right after the baby's born. I, I confess to you link, I see these videos and I always, I'm like, oh god. 'cause I have lots of gay men who in my life, who I adore, who have kids, and I know they're wonderful parents and lesbians too, who are raising wonderful children. But I, as a mom, I'm also like, You know, they little babies, they do need their mama.


They need Right. Breast milk, they need, like, I don't know, I I'm going to admit to being torn, but I, I feel like this is playing a role in these numbers. Absolutely. And what's interesting is I'm torn too, and that's what I love about social media and my platform is like I'm in my twenties and my audience can see me grow up and figure out where I stand on issues too. Because I'm seeing all the same videos and I'm in my head going, they're taking like the, the woman's in the other room, the surrogate she just gave birth and the baby's being, You know, rushed into the other room with these guys. And I think maybe the baby does need some nourishment. It needs to latch, it might want to have that bond with the mother. But then again, the guys want to have the baby. So it's like you're down the middle and it's really confusing. But I do think there are gay guys who use their babies as props.


There are a lot of gay couples. I see you have babies and they wanna dress them up and trot them out on social media like almost, You know, a puppy or something like that. That's also what makes me sick. I saw a gay couple online recently, I think the guy's name was Mike del Morrow and he's a big influencer. His partner's a big influencer and they kept doing this like brand deal or sponsorship. And I'm not alleging anything, this is just my personal take. I felt like they got a brand deal sponsorship to adopt a baby they had or they had a surrogate and they somehow used some surrogacy service that was giving them a discount for doing an Instagram reel. And that just made me so sick. I'm like, I think they're getting a discount on the baby because they're promoting the surrogate surrogacy service for gay men.


So I'm with you too. I'm torn because I know my bo my bond with my mom is so strong. But then I know gay couples who have beautiful kids that they're raising and they have a beautiful family. I think if I were gonna have kids, I would just wanna make sure that they're strong women in the kids' life because you need that balance. Okay. You can't just have the guys in the house all the time. They need to be exposed to other people who are interesting and strong women. And I would make sure to have that. But I'm like you, I'm figuring out where I stand on the issue. Luckily I don't have to cross that bridge anytime soon. Yeah, you're still young. You have your whole, you have your whole life ahead of you. Yeah. And that's, I mean it's interesting because abergil obviously is the law of the land, but those numbers are going down, down, down on the Republican side.


And I do wonder whether it will result in any sort of policy change. Like the law is the law, the Supreme Court decision. I mean it is what it is until it isn't like I, I can say it would never be reversed 'cause we just saw Roe versus Wade reversed and there's a strain of conservatives who believe it was founded on the same, You know, faulty principles that Roe versus Wade was founded. So it could, it could potentially go away though. I think it's highly unlikely. Totally. If I could chime in on one last thing on this. The kids who I'm perfectly fine with being adopted, there are a lot of kids who are toddlers, they're tweens, they're stuck in the foster care system being jostled around. They have no stability, they don't have a stable education system. And there are affluent gay couples, right? Gay couples make a lot of money.


You've got two guys in the household. So if they really want a child and the kid is being pushed around to foster care systems and they have a safe home, that I'm perfectly fine with. But I agree, I see the videos of these babies being taken the second they're born into the other room to the guise. And I think, oh God, what about all those hormones and the connection and the umbilical cord? And it just is really complicated. It really is. Okay, let's switch and talk a little politics 'cause I wanna get into some, some news that's out there. So President Trump, the White House just unveiled his new presidential portrait. It's a picture of him for 2025 America. And I'm sorry, but it's badass.


I, I love it. Love it. It's so good. It's unlike any other presidential portrait we've ever seen. It doesn't show him in front of a flag, which is unusual for the listening audience. It's like Trump's got a maybe like a, a hint of a smile on his face here. It's not like a big smile. He's got like the serious eyebrows that look almost slightly furrowed, but he doesn't look mean, You know, like, it, it captures so much about him where he's, he's has zero Fs to give, but he's still in good humor. He's tough, he's been through a lot and is still standing And he looks wiser in this photo than, You know, a lot of the other portraits would project.


You know, there's something about, it's a very, very effective picture of him because it does show so many aspects of his personality. What do you think of it? Well it's interesting how life kind of runs in parallels because I remember being on your show six months ago when they unveiled the official White House portrait that morning and we came on to talk about it. So it's interesting how life comes around full circle, but know that picture was taken by Daniel Toro, who's actually a good friend of mine. And I've loved having a front row seat to seeing him flourish and grow. And there's so many unsung heroes behind the scenes at the White House whose names we would not know. But he always takes the most incredible pictures of President Trump. There's always been this narrative in liberal media. President Trump has no internal monologue or no internal life, or if he's not engaged, there's nothing going on.


That's certainly not the case. Because when we look at these portraits, you can see a man who's been through the law fair assassination attempts, he's been through the ringer. There's no one in public life who could take the hits President Trump has and still get back up with a smile on their face who's feeling jovial and jubilant and happy. And that's what I felt we got from the picture. And then it was a cherry on top that President Trump's hair als also looked great. I'll say that President Trump's hair looked great. It did. The skin looked great, the coloring looked great. So shout out to you, Daniel. This is not a topic that I planned. You guys chose this topic, but no, the picture is incredible. No, I love the picture. I've never seen quite a shot like that of Trump because it's easy to show him just looking tough guy.


And it's easy to show him jovial with the YMCA. Yeah. You know, he's got that side, but it's not easy to capture it all in one shot. They must have been very pleased when they saw that on film. Because even if you see it in real life, can you capture it on camera? Can you actually get the moment, is the lighting gonna work? Are his eyes gonna be open? There's so many, You know, contingencies. And this one is a, it's a really beautiful, powerful photo and to me it just happened, it hit just as this viral saw of Joe Rogan was going around, Don Jr tweeted it out on X and it was from last week. And I'm like, this, this picture matches, if it had a soundbite that could play underneath it, You know, in like a virtual experience as you walk through the White House, this might be the soundbite from Joe Rogan watch.


It's also like, they're like, oh, he's a crazy person. I'm like, yeah, that's the only kind of person that would survive what you try to do to him. Right? That's the only kind of guy that gets through. Like you want a perfect person, A perfect person morally falls apart. Yeah. By the time they've been indicted and they have 34 counts, felony counts like your, your whole body's just destroyed by the stress of you possibly going to jail for the rest of your life. You have to be a fucking insane person to ride that out and not look like anything even happened. Then you get shot. Yeah, you, you get up after you got shot, you're fucking bleeding from your ear and you go fight, fight, fight. You gotta be a crazy person to get through these.


He's a nightmare. For anybody that's trying to rig a system like that, guy's the nightmare. He's the final boss of fuck you, There it is. Like, yes, Absolutely. No, I feel like that picture perfectly encapsulates the final boss of F you. And I've been calling this the FAFO administration, the F around and find out administration. Because when you look at everybody, these are people you do not want to cross. You've got Steven Chung, does this look like a person you want to cross on a bad day? No. You've got Steven Miller. He will bite your head off. Like this is the FAFO administration. You've got Bobby Kennedy in there who wants to tear down the system and make us healthier. So I couldn't be happier.


And that's one of the things I love so much about President Trump and people get upset with me. Oh, you're too sick of Fantic, you're too supportive of President Trump. This is someone who we should all look up to who has taken the hits, taken the shots literally, and still gets back up every single day. And he just sort of starts each day again, almost like a video game character where, okay, we're starting again yesterday, barrage of bad press got shot at something horrible happened, but what are we doing today to make the country better? And I think that's incredible. Trump's approval rating right now is up eight points. Yes. According to Trafalgar, it's really amazing. He's, he's doing extremely well. He was down a little bit during the whole tariff palooza, but Trafalgar Hass got his numbers as of June.


Now up eight percentage points. How do you feel about President Trump and how he's handling his job? Strongly approve 42.1, approve 11.6. So that's 53, almost 54% approval rating. We've never seen that for him. Never. That's that's crazy high for any president in today's day and age. And really high for President Trump, who's all he gets is Nazi Hitler fascist. Like he doesn't get positive media coverage. The American public has learned to totally discount the media when it comes to Trump. They know about TDS.


Well absolutely. I think the legacy media just has less power than ever. I mean, even Jake Tapper, he's on this huge book tour, but he has his lowest ratings in 10 years. You know, he is doing less than a hundred thousand in the key demo. So it's not that these people don't have influence, it's just that nobody is watching, I hate to say it, M-S-N-B-C, their ratings are in the gutter. CNN, your ratings are in the gutter. So even if you guys started reporting the real news and you weren't partisan hacks, I just don't think anyone's watching. Right. No one gives around that. It's too late. We wanna scroll, we wanna scroll through our phones, we wanna listen to a podcast, we wanna get the news on X. We don't want to watch you. And you guys also unmapped yourselves as liars because you told us for years Joe Biden was in great shape. We found out you were liars. And then overnight, the same people who covered for Biden are telling us Kamala is gonna save democracy.


And we're like, no, she seems like a drunk wine mom who can barely form a coherent sentence. But they tried to gaslight us. So no, President Trump has gotten nothing but negative press for 10 years since he jumped into the race in 2015. But he's still on top because unlike the left, he's doing exactly what he campaigned on. If you have followed Trump every single day for years, he's been talking about the tariffs. Decades ago on Oprah, he was talking about the tariffs. He ran on securing the border. He said, we don't need this big package. All we need is a new president. The border is more secure than ever. He ran on getting men outta women's sports. So what does he do? One of his first weeks in office, beautiful executive orders surrounded by all the young women. Incredible day.


The executive order to get men outta women's sports. So I think the left their heads are reeling because they're just so used to lying and giving empty promises to the public. And he came in and said, this is what I ran on. I'm gonna do what I ran on and I have nothing to lose because I'm one term and I've been through hell to get here. So all of you can f off that I think is President Trump's mindset. Okay. Speaking of leftist empty ity, Meghan Markle is out there with, with some medical advice. She's giving medical advice now. Yeah. Like, and she had on confessions of a female founder, her podcast, I'm a founder, just in case you didn't know she had on Beyonce's mother.


And here we go into Doctor Meghan Markle. Watch My allergies, sir. Oh no. Do you eat local honey? That can help. You know, I used to and it really does work. I have to get back to that. That's, You have to get back on that because I just the other day, one of Archie's little friends at school, this little girl has such bad allergies and I said, hold on a minute. We have bees. Let me give you a jar of our honey for allergies. Helpful because the local, You know, if it's local honey, yes. Get that. All the pollen, all the same things in your system. And then it desensitizes allergies. But I'm sorry. Oh what? Thank you. That's no fun.


How weird is it that she kept that in? First of all, when your guest starts having some sort of a sneezing or coughing attack when You're on tea, I'm sorry, Megan, You, the reason she kept that in and left Beyonce's mother's hacking in there for audience is 'cause she thinks, it makes her look empathetic and super smart to spew her bullshit nonsense about honey. Which by the way, there's been studies on this and she's wrong shockingly, but You know, she's Dr. Meghan Markle got all the answers link, She's a jack of all trades. She can't do anything well, but she tries to do everything that is Meghan Markle. So no, she acts like she invented Manuka honey or some of these homeopathic remedies. Also, there's just this undertone of elitism to everything Meghan Markle does.


Because how many times recently have we had to see videos and pictures of this farm she has for bees on her property and she has her beekeeper outfit. She really wants to remind us every single day that she has bees. She's Mother Nature, she's down home, mother of the earth. We are sick of hearing about it. You know what I'm saying? We are tired of seeing her. Yes. And her beekeeper costume. And it's like, can't you get any outfits that look good on you? How come the beekeeper outfit is the most perfectly form fitting outfit you own? Everything else is wrinkled and misshapen and two sizes too big. So no, I would not be taking medical advice from Meghan Markle whatsoever. No. Only we had found her during Maha. Only if we had found her on the campaign, she would've been a great surrogate.


Like literally this person was saying that she want, she was seriously considering like suicide a couple of years ago because some of the royal family were mean to her. I don't think we should be looking to her for any sort of wellness advice or counsel whatsoever. And the notion, you're right. So right about the elitism thing, because it's like in her stupid show that they're pretending got renewed by Netflix as ever, or with love, whatever it is, she's, she's like constantly saying, ha ha, have you been to your local beekeeper? No, I haven't been to my local. No. Literally nobody's been to their local beekeeper. We have jobs, absolutely. We have kids. We have things that actually keep us busy that stop us from a, having our own beehive.


And B, if we don't going to our local beekeeper for anything. I'm lucky if I can get to the Acme. I think I speak for everyone. No, absolutely. There's just this undertone of elitism and something she never talks about because we don't see them on camera. She has a full staff. Okay. She has a full staff and she only has two kids. It's not like she's raising the Brady Bunch here. She doesn't need 15 handies in drivers in chauffeur, but she has this full entire staff. She has a farm for bees. She has another property that's not even her home that she just goes to film the show in. So then she tries to opine and tell us how to live our lives. You're full of crap, Meghan Markle. But I think this is Meghan Markel's journey. Just keep becoming more and more out of touch. But remind us that you grew up over a garage with no money in Compton.


Yeah. You really changed quickly. It's always these people who can flip overnight, but I think Meghan Markle become more and more out of touch because it's just insane and it gives us good fodder to talk about. Yeah, it's true. I don't wanna stand in her way for one minute. You go girl, you go Founder. Okay, link. Lauren is the founder of Spot On with Link. Lauren. It's on YouTube or wherever you get your podcasts. Do yourself a favor and subscribe and follow. See you soon my friend. Thank you so much. Thanks. Alright, coming up next. Stephen A. Smith


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. Believes we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity in that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling, you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, g C's online, on campus, and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


We all know Americans are still recovering from years of surging prices. Now, some of those in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer, working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Did You know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for President Trump, but they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Tell Congress not to cut Medicaid. Our health and our communities depend on it.


Another leftist lie falls apart. And this show called BS on it from the very beginning. The saga began last August during the Olympics in Paris. That's when the world witnessed a biologically male boxer pummel a female boxer. It took only 46 seconds for the woman to withdraw from the fight, which was supposed to be between two women. The female boxer then fell to her knees through her helmet, yelling. This is unjust. Later telling the media. I've never taken a punch like that. It was a prime example of what female athletes from high school all the way to the Olympics are up against. When the powers that be cower to rabid gender activists, the male boxer is algeria's, ie.


Kif. Here is what we said on this show. Just hours after that fight ended with the whole world watching. We have just witnessed a biological woman, also known as just a woman in a fight with a boxer who was not allowed to compete against women last year because it's a man. The person splitting hairs. I everyone's splitting hairs around this person saying, well, You know, he has XY chromosomes, but I guess we can't call him a man because he calls himself a woman. I don't give a shit. You have XY chromosomes. You're a man. Khali had been disqualified from the 2023 Women's World Championships for failing chromosome testing another mailbox boxer at the Women's games.


Lynn Ting from Taiwan also failed the same test. Some had speculated that they were intersex, meaning they have male chromosomes, they have male internal organs, but they might have a vagina. However, they would never develop breasts. They would never have a period because they don't have a uterus. They don't have ovaries, and they are genetically male, which includes male advantage. That's why a Maine kleef looks just like a man is, as large as a man, has the testosterone and body strength and limb length and wingspan of a man.


Okay? No one cares what's actually between his legs. We're talking about fairness and safety. Alright? But no one would publicly discuss it. In fact, Khali is adamant that he is 100% a woman saying during the games, I am a woman. Like any other woman, he has called anyone questioning that. Enemies of success. These guys were both able to get into the Olympics, even though the International Olympic Committee knew that they had been barred from the championships for testing positive for XY chromosomes. They're not xx. That's female. XX is female, XY is male. The IOC said the pair had competed in the 2021 Tokyo Olympics Olympics as women and after all their passports state that they are female Competing in the women's category is, is, is is participating along following com, complying with the competition eligibility rules.


They are women in their passports. And it stated that, that that is the case that they are female. Well, the the passport says it, it must be true. An Olympic boxing trainer in Spain came forward to reveal that khali was considered too dangerous for women to fight in that country, saying quote, whoever we put khali with was injured the tests, the warnings all ignored by the IOC. And both men went on to win gold medals. The female Olympians, after years of incredibly hard work and devotion to the sport, basically told, we don't give a damn.


Just stop your crying. In fact, the female boxer Kalief took down in just 46 seconds later, came out and said she felt sorry for him and apologized for not shaking his hand after the match. Such was the pressure on everyone in her sport and those commenting on it to take a knee on this issue and just accept this is a, this is a female. At the same time, many took aim at this show for daring to speak the truth, the daily show directly taking aim at yours truly. And my womanhood Seems pretty open and shut to me. Right? She was born a woman lives as a woman and boxes other women.


So what is the argument against that? This is such an outrage. Look at this. This is a man, this is a man who is competing in the boxing tournament for women. No, she's not. She's a woman. She's a woman like you. Mehan Kelly, a woman at the peak of her career, unlike Mehan Kelly, but she, She, Okay. I literally have no idea who that person is. So fine. The leftist outlet Salon love that segment. Instead of doing any real reporting of its own, the outlet just wrote up an article declaring the Daily Show calls out Megan and Kelly for misgendering Olympic boxer. I didn't misgender him at all.


Media matters. Also, taking aim at this show, writing a headline, Megan Kelly Misgenders, Olympic Boxer, AMA Khali, and listen to this segment on the Young Turks where yours truly was labeled garbage person of the weak simply for telling the truth. My garbage person of the weak is Megan Kelly. And in the extended commentary, both Carrie, which you saw, and Megan Kelly intentionally misgender Imani Klif like a month after. They know that Imani Klif is a woman objectively, according to all of their weirdly specific de definitional requirements, is a woman has always been a woman will always be a woman, and they're still misgendering her a month later.


They know that their audiences are all men and they're men that want to see these women attack and demean and belittle other women. Literally not one word of that is right, right? Not one word. Again, another person I've never seen or heard of. But the list of attacks did not end there. The media took aim at anyone in conservative media telling the truth about these two boxers, former ESPN, anchor, Jemele Hill writing on XI hope Khali soos some people over their reckless remarks. All this story did was expose ugliness, hatred and Transphobia Hill then went on CNN, where she and one of the network's hosts Laura Coates, continued to stand up for Khali People.


Jumped the gun on this before knowing the full story. Conservative right? Being at the top of the list are weaponizing trans women in the trans community and using that as part of their ongoing culture wars. That there is certainly a huge issue with transphobia in our country. And all it boiled down to was that the woman that she competed again realized after getting hit, she couldn't compete. And rather than, oh my God, rather accept that gracefully as a competitor, she chose to weaponize this further by crying. There was nothing unjust about it. I mean, to be frank, you just got your butt beat and that's the end. That's the end, that's the end of What Happened.


If you wanna protect women and daughters, she is a woman. She is somebody's daughter, and she's a woman in sports. And it, it gets con that old statement, ain't I a woman? This is unbelievable. It's unbelievable. The, the cover that these women ran for a main khali who is male, the list goes on and it's long. All right, just listen. ESPN Analysts, Mina Kimes shared a similar message. This story has reached thermonuclear levels of BS and grift fueled hate. Of course, Meghan Rapinoe soccer star naturally came to a man's defense in female sports. Now that she's made her millions, she doesn't give a shit about the young girls and others coming up behind her.


Reportedly sharing a post by edge of sports that read Kif deserves so much better than this tsunami of racism, misogyny, misogyny and transphobia being heaped upon her by a coterie of fascists, right wingers and useful idiots. The New York Times writing in a headline boxer in controversy over eligibility lets her gloves do the talking wired, which was the absolute worst. For some reason. They decided their background in tech enabled them to declare once and for all, whether someone is a man or a woman. And of course, not surprisingly they got it wrong. They tweeted Eme Klif has always defined herself as a woman and has every right to compete.


USA today called it an unhinged controversy. Bloomberg called it all a manufactured controversy. The intercept deemed it nothing more than quote a right wing campaign to purge women from women's sports. The associated press managed to bring race into the controversy. Writing quote for female athletes of color scrutiny around gender rules and identity is part of a long trend. So now you're a racist if you identify someone with XY chromosomes as male after the gold medal win. KIF was then showered with attention appearing on the cover of Vogue Arabia going to Milan fashion Week and sitting front row at the Bottega Venetta show Vogue writing up an article about it that read for her foray into high fashion.


The gold medalist donning a mustard yellow button-up leather shucket, which is apparently a thing along with a pair of black leather trousers. While she left her medal at home, khali wore a pair of the Italian houses viral drop earrings in gold, of course. So that is a long windup for what I'm about to tell you. Nearly a year after Khali took gold, stole gold leaked lab results. Confirm Khali is male. The lab results, the ones that got khali banned from the 2023 World Championships were obtained and published by three Wire Sports. It is the premier Olympics focused media outlet.


It's run by former NBC and LA Times reporter Alan Abraham's son, Abraham's son, came forward last year. You see during the Olympics to say, look, I personally have seen these test results for a main klif that showed Klif was male, but no one cared. No one would listen to him. We did because unlike most in the media, we interviewed Abraham's son back in August regarding what he and eye witness first person to those test results had seen. Watch. And then it says, result says abnormal.


And then it says evidence of male karyotype. So a karyotype is, refers to your chromosomal evidence. And here it says mail with a capital M mail. Oh, you mean the passport wasn't the final source? We shouldn't have trusted it. Gee, tell it to Mark Adams of the IOC. Now, here is what is new. Abraham's son has now actually published the results. They state exactly what he said they did on this show. Quote analysis reveals male karyotype, which means XY chromosomes.


A male abrahamson is also reporting that Khali is being told by world boxing that he must take a chromosome test to prove eligibility before returning to competition. Khali is hoping to compete in a boxing match next week, but no test, no match. As for Lin Ting, last November, the boxer pulled out of an international competition in the UK after the organizers questioned his gender eligibility. Both of these two when actually pressed saying, you can't compete because you appear to be a male, have not challenged it. What does that tell you? What does that tell you? And what about Khalis gold medal? Will he be forced to give it back?


He should. However, there are zero rumblings of that actually happening. And Khali has said he plans to defend his Olympic gold when the games return to Los Angeles in 2028. He wants all the women's goals, all of them in boxing, And he is not worried about President Trump's stance on men competing in female sports because in March Khali told ITVA media outlet in the uk, quote, the US president issued a decision related to transgender policies in America. I'm not transgender. This does not concern me, and it does not intimidate me completely skirting the issue that he appears to be intersex and irrespective of exactly what his particular gender problem is, he's a biological male, which is the problem.


Separately, the IOC is about to get a new president, Zimbabwean Christie Coventry set to take over the job on June 23rd. She's been vocal in her support for a blanket ban on men competing in female sports at the games. However, she was part of the IOC executive board that allowed Khali and Lynn Uin to compete in the first place, knowing what they already knew about world boxing and them being banned. So to all the female boxers training for the next Olympics, you better find your voices now to stop it or lace up your gloves and get ready for a quick and easy and likely dangerous knockout.


Joining me now, Stephen A. Smith, ESPN host, and also the host of his own digital show, The Stephen A Smith Show. Stephen, a great to have you back. What do you make up? Good. See you, Megan. I mean, Khali, great to See you too. Well, well, first of all, your, your opening monologue was absolutely spot on. Way to go. There's no disagreement here. The the, You know, the fact the the facts are the facts And you know, he has XY chromosome. That's what the tests show. So what you had been saying originally was right on point, and there's a lot of people that owe you an apology. I appreciate where you were coming from, but I also love the fact that you kept receipts and you pointed out folks that were talking a lot of smack about you because the reality is, is that when we saw in swimming, for example, with Leah Thomas and how she, You know, he transitioned into being a woman and competing and swimming and ultimately won a national championship when it was hard for him to be ranked in the top 300 or 400 in the world when you were competing against males for crying out loud, if there is a disadvantage in swimming, if there is a disadvantage in something like volleyball or whatever, or basketball, what in God's name makes anybody think there wouldn't be a decisive disadvantage for females born female in a boxing ring?


That is a violent sport, that is a alistic sport. And so the level of sensitivity that you've articulated about this subject, I certainly never disagreed with you on it, but the points that you've made in your opening monologue, how on point you were and how you kept receipts of people who attacked you personally for saying what you had said, when in fact the, when in fact the facts have born out and have shown that you are on point more so than they do. If they're adults, they will come on and they'll re-air those tapes themselves and they'll say, she's right. Me, Kelly was right. I owe her an apology. That's not Stephen a saying it because I don't owe you an apology for that. 'cause I never disagreed with you to begin with. You had me on the show at that time discussing it and, and I stand with you on that.


You absolutely right. One, 1000%. It's crazy because it's one thing to see these men running in track meets and clearly they're faster than the women and they can jump higher than the women to no one's surprise, but it's another thing entirely to see them competing in rugby or ice hockey. Yeah. Or field hockey or Physical sports. Boxing. Boxing. For god's sake, if we're gonna allow that, we'll allow anything. Yeah, think about it. What if, what if, what if rounder Rhonda Rousey, when she was fighting in the UFC, had to go up against e Conor McGregor or somebody, how would that have looked? We see we gotta take things she would've gotten killed. Yes. Yes, she would've. And so you have to look at things from next time.


I remember one time she joked around, and I have so much respect for her and, and what she brought to the octagon, You know, in her star studded days before she ultimately went on a loser streak and ultimately retired from the sport. I remember one time she was talking about fighting Floyd Money Mayweather, and I was like, pump the brakes, now calm down. Now let's, let's, let's, let's pump the brakes and calm down. This is, this is something a little bit extra. You're talking about one of the greatest fighters in the history of the sport, all right, who's around your weight class? And he's a man. He will do some things to you. Yeah. You know, before you could think about grabbing him, there's things he could do. So let's be careful about stuff like that. But people laughed about it and they shrugged it off. Not recognizing the fact that you had individuals within the transgender community that were looking to partake in such actions in terms of, You know, being in a boxing ring or being on a basketball court or being in a swimming competition or what have you.


You're male or you're female. And a lot of times I think that as a black man, one of the things that I, I, I religiously point to Meghan is that it's one thing for people for us to fight on behalf of every human being for their civil rights, their civil liberties, and the right to be left alone. But people in today's day and age act like you have to be liked. You know, and as a, as a black man, I expect not to be liked by people sometimes, not just because of the color of my skin, but because they made me not like my personality or whatever. I don't walk around looking for approval. I'm sure you don't. We do what we do and a lot of times you see people from different communities, whether it would be an ethnic community or it'd be something else where they're looking and demanding acceptance.


Not just approval, but acceptance. And that's not the real world. You know, your civil liberties and your right to live your life and be what you wanna be. I said this the other day on television, if I remember correctly. I said, Hey, You know what, you're a transgender athlete, compete against other transgender athletes. How about that? Right? There are other, you ain't the only person that, that, that's transitioning that might want to be in a boxing ring, find enough of them and compete against one another. Let the ladies compete against the ladies, let the males compete against the males, and let the transgenders compete against the transgenders. We understand that. It's no problem. That's right. It's no big deal. Do it that way's. And I think that, You know, that just went into folks' ear then out the other, but I'm pointing to fairness where there's no discrepancy, there's nothing up in the air making you wonder about the fairness of the competition.


And we also live in a side, a society where for so long we've highlighted how women have been mistreated. And I'm not just talking about stuff like domestic violence and things that is obvious, but also in terms of just fairness. Title IX, for example, exists for a reason. Well, how do we pay so much attention to that to get stuff implemented legislatively and what have you, and then turn around and ignore that with something like this. Right. It makes no sense because I'm thinking about the young ladies out there who have protested, who have felt it was grossly unfair to them to have to compete under such circumstances.


And the same women we supposedly want to protect so much are the same ladies we're ignoring when they're making salient points about who they're going up against and how unfair the competition is. I don't understand This. Lemme ask you something as a, as a sports guy, consistency. Inconsistency, yes. You tell me like Caitlyn Clark is said to be like, like a Michael Jordan of women's basketball, but Steph Curry, she's a real good, she's a really great shooter. Yeah. Alright, so if you, if you took the actual Steph Curry and put him up against Kaitlyn in a one-on-one contest where they both went at it with their, all with, with all their physical gifts and their gifts on the basketball court, what would happen? Well, the likelihood is that she would lose, but it's less harmful because i, I if, for example, Sabrina Escu showed up All Star weekend and she competed against Steph Curry in a three point shooting contest.


Right. And it was a really ratings bonanza. And it was, it was, it went, it came across very, very well. But they were just shooting the basketball. You know, I saw that. I saw that. And, And, and by the way, she lost to Steph Curry, but she had tied or beaten all the other males in terms of their score that they had registered before her and Steph Curry showed up on the court. So you're talking about shooting the basketball and it's not that big of a deal, but if you're talking about competing against one another where physicality comes into play, the likelihoods that she's going to be at a decisive disadvantage. And I'll give you another example. Dave Chappelle joked about this. He joked about this, and the transgender community, if I recall, were up in arms about this Da Dave Chappelle, the noted comedian, said, what if LeBron James, essentially, I'm paraphrasing here, what if LeBron James had decided to transition to being a woman, he'd average 800 points a game.


Right? Exactly. Who's gonna stop him? You know, that's, that's what he brought up. He said, so we, we think that we are being fair. We think that we are being okay with our thinking, but we're not taking it into total consideration in terms of how it really, really registers with us. And so when somebody like you comes along and you're very, very passionate about it, and you're going at folks for okay in this stuff, they wanna attack you. And I'm sitting there saying to myself, you can't find something better to do. I mean, listen, Megan Kelly's on a game, but you certainly ain't gonna win this argument because we are watching and we see, I mean, who couldn't see that? You were right. It was people who didn't want to see and that's the real problem.


You didn't want to see it, so you ignored the facts. And Megan Kelly wanted to see Biden and you have it, It was like biden's mental infirmity, You know, we saw it. You didn't need an expert, you didn't need a medical diagnosis. Right. You didn't need Tapin Thompson with the big revealing book. You just needed eyes and ears. Same thing with this mailbox. It was very obvious taking a look at him. Yeah. I do wanna just mention this to the audience. They know this story, but it's, it's just so telling after my daughter was misinformed by her teacher, that there were only 10 of these trans athletes competing in women's sports, which is not true. I wrote her a very long note, setting the record straight and giving her the actual facts so she would not be misled by this person with an agenda.


And at the end of the note, I included the following because it's true. In 1998, Serena and Venus Williams said they could beat any male player outside of the top 200 men. Carsten Broch ranked 203rd in the world, and they were in the top 10, both of them at the time. The women's Yes. Took up the challenge and easily beat both sisters. 6 1, 6 2, he crushed them. In 2017, the US Women's National Soccer Team agreed to play a Dallas, Texas under 15 boys team under 15. So we're talking about 14 year olds. These must be eighth graders and lost. Okay. The US Women's National Soccer Team lost five to two against a bunch of 14 year olds.


It happened again in 2023 when a group of 18 to 20-year-old men amateurs beat a collection of women's all-star former national players, five zero. And there's just no question that male advantage in sport is real. And if we continue pretending, especially in the contact sports, that it isn't, I'm telling you, it's just a matter of time be before a woman gets killed. Well, I it's just a matter of time. Well, Well first of all, again, you're absolutely right. Clarissa Shields is a fabulous boxer. Layla Ali, the wonderful marvelous daughter of the late great Muhammad Ali, was a marvelous fighter. You don't want to put them in the ring with a male in their weight class to box.


That would be a problem. You know, there's no question about that. And you have to take that into consideration as well. And in terms of how your, what your daughter was informed about that statement about no, You know, no, no less than 10 transgender athletes. That statement came directly from the president of the NCAA at the time, just so You know. No, I'm aware. I'm aware. Which is also not right because the also, and, and this is another thing that we discussed, the, the an L-G-B-T-Q group actually came out with the numbers. And first of all, they said that out sports said, if anything, the numbers of trans athletes in the NCAA are being understated because a lot of them are not out as trans.


They don't wanna be out because they don't wanna be the next to Maine Khali or Leah Thomas. They just wanna win the, the medals quietly pretending to be women. And the schools are only too happy to let them, because a lot of these schools enjoy the fact that they're beneficiaries of the male advantage, that the men can win more easily than the women. And these schools are like, great, it's just another gold medal for us. But then it goes on to say that my note when I did my research, UCLA School of Law put out these estimates in just this past February, 2025. We estimate that there are as many as 122,000 transgender youth age ages 13 to 14. I didn't know that who could be participating in high school level team athletics?


122,000. So, which would explain all we've seen this past weekend alone in California and in Oregon and in Washington state, and I didn't even mention, listen to this one, Minnesota, a girl softball team, which could not win Stephen a, they thought that this team was like, cursed Chaplain Park. Well guess what? They're now headed to the state tournament for the first time. Yay. Everybody's so excited. How, how did it happen? I'll tell you how it happened. There is a pitcher who goes by Marissa, who is a man. His actual name is Charlie Dean. He now goes by Melissa Rothenberger.


Here he is pitching and crushing it. And now We all know Americans are still recovering from years of surging prices. Now some of those in Congress wanna make cuts to medicate a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts.


Did You know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for President Trump, but they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Tell Congress not to cut Medicaid. Our health and our communities depend on it. Oh, this guy is going to carry Chaplain Park all the way to the state tournament. And here, for the first time ever here, by the way, he pitched all seven innings in both games. It was a 14. It was 14 shutout innings against the defending state champions that this guy pitched.


And here's the coverage from the Minneapolis Star Tribune. The ending could scarcely have been more fitting. The chaplain park softball team, perennial bridesmaids for most of the past decade, finally scaled a hump that had grown mountainous, leaning on the right arm of lanky junior pitcher, Marissa Rothenberger to defeat Rogers one to oh in the class four, a section five championship on Thursday. Rothenberger was masterful. What's missing from the coverage? The fact that this is a boy posing as a girl with all the male advantage that comes to any boy, of course he was masterful. I knew nothing of that story. Shame on me. What I would tell you is that had I been the one covering that story, it would've been a lot different than what you just read because of what you highlighted.


It's a boy. And this is the thing that I think is very, very important for us to understand. Megan, you have folks out there from the transgender community and those who support the transgender community that are looking at subject matters like this as an indictment against them instead of seeing it the way that I see it. And I think the way that you see it, which is pointing out how unfair it is to the young ladies competing against them. And so when we bring it home to that point, that's where our sensitivity needs to elevate.


There are a bunch of young ladies out there in the world of sports born ladies. Naturally they're female and they've worked their tails off to compete. We have laws like Title IX in effect to ensure that fairness and equity is accorded to these young ladies. And then all of a sudden this kind of issue has come about where that's being circumvented. And the people that are circumventing the rules are finding a way, or folks are finding a way to make them look like victims instead of the young ladies who are having their level of competition compromised.


Because they're not going up against other young ladies. It doesn't matter whether it's 10, a hundred, 120 200 or whatever. What matters is that it shouldn't happen. Males should compete against males, females should compete against females, transgenders 'cause should compete, should compete against transgenders. It's just that simple because that's what you're talking about. Fairness and equity and competition. Let's take gambling in consideration. If you were in a position where you had the prowess as an athlete to dictate an outcome and you gambled on your own sport or gambled against your team or whatever it was to compromise competition, you'd be banned because the issue of competition comes raining through.


It's very prolific, it's very potent. You can't do that because anything that compromises competition in any way threatens to compromise the overall integrity of the sport. If we are thinking that way about issues like that, how could you not think about that with issues like this? It makes no sense. You Know, today before we came on the air, I was on X and I saw a video, you probably know this, this story, but I, I have no idea. I don't follow sports as You know, but it was a guy at like the AAA league level in baseball who played for, he had a shirt that that read Tacoma. So I guess he's Tacoma, Washington. And he okay, was notified by the coach of his team that he wasn't gonna be there the next day because he'd been called up to the big show to go play for Seattle.


And it was just this really sweet moment as sports as, You know, like this is the stuff that can draw somebody like me into sports where, You know, somebody who's worked that hard makes it, they make it, You know, and you see like stunned when he gets the news, he's been called up and every guy on the team is giving him a huge hug and a high five, right? They're all so happy for him. This is like all of their dream. And that to me, like separate and apart from the fact that somebody's gonna get hurt or worse and the fact that it's just not fair, You know, to, to make them compete against somebody who has so many advantages that they don't have. I just feel like you're denying these girls the glorious joy of winning, of excellence, of being the one to get that tap on the shoulder, not not having to share the top podium.


That's fair, fair. You know what I mean? That's, That's what you that's fair because it's what you play for. That's What, and that's what makes for that. We love sports, right? You, you explain it to me, part of the joy of watching sports is to see that moment. Not, not everybody's a winner, not participation trophy. There are real actual winners that show who's best. I give you an example that's that's, that's closer to home. So I, I think it was 2017 was the year it was a trash can controversy in baseball. And essentially the Houston Astros was in the postseason major league baseball. They had going against the Yankees and then ultimately they had going against the Dodgers And you know, when they captured the championship, they, what they would do is they would make these sounds, Megan on on the trash can to give you an indication of what pitch was being thrown or what have you.


They would like give you a heads up. And so it was acknowledged, but you had people thinking that their championship should have been confiscated. You had a New York Yankees team that thought they would've been in the World Series. You had a Dodgers team that thought they should have been the champions, okay? And that their level of success was compromised because somehow some way it gave them an un unfair advantage. My only point in bringing that up, you can bring up trash cans, you bring up gambling, you can bring up performance enhancing drug use, anything. And I mean, anything that we deem in our society that compromises fair competition is called out.


It's condemned. Which is why for the life of me, I couldn't understand how when you were going off about Khali in the boxing ring and, and remember she hit, he, she hit her, her competitor with one shot, one shot, and she said, Uhuh, this is not normal. Come out. I've never been hit like that before. Now in fairness, I've seen mailboxes like when George Foreman, the late great George Foreman got arrested. So he hit some people and I mean they, they ain't never been hit like that either. And they were males. I mean one time Joe Frazier turned around and ran from him And he knocked him upside, literally on the top of his head and dropped him. Oh my God. He dropped him off six, seven times. Okay? Nobody's one of the power, most powerful punches in the history of boxing.


So we understand that. But clearly you're looking at Khali and you're seeing somebody who looks male. You're seeing somebody that feels like she's a male. You have a competitor going against her swearing. She was a male. You talk, you called it out. And then the evidence is proven that you were right. My point is, all of these little things that you could point to are things that we wholeheartedly condemn in sports. Anything that compromises legitimate competition, we called out. So I don't understand for the life of me how a whole bunch of people were against you on this issue. When you look and you saw what you, what you saw, I don't get it. Yeah, I really, really Don't.


I don't, I mean it doesn't make sense. I mean it's ideology, it's an attempt by some to, to be empathetic or what, but it's like where's your empathy for the girls? Where's your empathy for the women who are danger? That's the point. Danger, fighting Point. That's the argument to make. That's the argument You get around. I'm gonna take a quick break and we're gonna come back and turn the page from this issue. There's a lot to discuss with Stephen. A standby,


let me tell you about Financial Yield Solutions, Inc. Known as FYSI. If you are handling your own books or you have a bookkeeper, you risk inaccuracies, missed deductions and blind spots in cash flow. FYI's team of seasoned accounting professionals, corporate and tax attorneys handle every journal entry, bank reconciliation, and month end close with unmatched precision, delivering clear and timely financial reports that keep you in control. They weave advanced tax avoidance strategies into your bookkeeping so you capture every deduction before you file and plug you into their network of industry leaders and referral partners for real world growth opportunities. Set up your free consultation to learn how FYI's experts will transform your books into a growth engine and accelerate your business to the next level. Act now to claim your free $5,000 business assessment available only for a limited time. Visit fy si.com/megan, use the promo code Megan or call 808 7 7 4,000.


Today more and more Americans are prioritizing their health and getting back in shape, but diet and cardio alone are not enough. If you really wanna build muscle and burn fat, you must do strength training. Introducing Jacked Up Fitness. They're all in one home. Gyms are already best in class and their all new X Series elevates home fitness to a whole new level. The Power Rack Pro X functional trainer lets you do hundreds of exercises, basically everything you used to do at the gym, all from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. And if you are new to strength training, they offer a free get jacked up program that is full body video workouts. Simply press play and follow along. So no more excuses, right? Go to get jacked up.com and sign up for their free training program. And when you're ready to purchase your own Power rack Pro X, use our promo code MK to save 10% at checkout. That's get jacked up.com.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch The Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


You would think after all of the waves, Kate Baldwin, after the last few months, the first five months of the Donald Trump presidency, that you expect that Democrats would have this massive lead on the economy. It ain't so. It ain't so the party that is closest to your economic views in November of 2023, it was the Republicans by 11 points. Now it's still within that range, still within that margin of error plus a point advantage for the Republican party. How is that possible Democrats? How is that possible after all the recession fears after the stock market's been doing all of this, after all the tariffs that Americans are against and Republicans still hold an eight point lead on the economy. Are you kidding me? Take a look at Reuters Ipsos. What do we see here? Party with a better economic plan.


Well, in May of 2024, Republicans had a nine point advantage. Look at where we are now. In May of 2025, the advantage actually went up by three points. Now Republicans have a 12 point advantage when it comes to the party with a better economic plan. Welcome back to The Megyn Kelly Show here with me now. Stephen A. Smith hosted The Stephen A Smith Show. So Trump's numbers are going up across the board Republicans numbers are going up when it comes to the economy, which was a shocker you could see there to the CNN team. Love that Harry Anton. But they thought it would go down because of the tariffs and all the coverage of Trump on the economy so far has been negative saying he doesn't know what he's doing and why isn't he fighting prices.


Meanwhile, inflation's down, I think it's 2.3% now. In any event, what do you make of the turn in fortunes for him? We talked about in the first hour, Trafalgar now has him up eight percentage points in his approval rating to a net of 54%, which he's never hit before. Well, to me it's an indictment against the Democratic party. And I think that a lot of times people are looking at me, Megan, and they're saying, well, You know what, he's just attacking Democrats or what have you. And I said, it's, it's not just that simple. And I'm gonna tell you this, Megan and I never had this conversation with you before, but I think that what people don't realize is that as a black man, you do find yourself getting offended at what we've seen from the Democratic party.


So since 1964, since you had Civil Rights Act and then ultimately the Voting Rights Act and then You know, the Fair Housing in 1968 and stuff like that, we heard quotes supposedly purportedly from Lyndon b Johnson at the time that, You know what, we passed this, this in the law that we'll have the Negroes voting for us for the next 200 years. Well, it's been over 50, over 60 actually. And for the most part they've been right. And so when you, I've often said this because we've been so transparent and I support for the Democratic Party, there's a reason why the black community, by and large has been considered disenfranchised. Because on one hand we have a party that takes us for granted because they know they're going to get our vote and they never really, really had to cater to us.


And on the other side, we've alienated a party who by the way, played a role in pushing civil rights and voting rights legislation than the law in the sixties. And we basically said, we basically said to hell with you. So as a result, they turned around and said, we're not gonna have their support anyway. So you have one party taking us for granted. You have. So another party assuming we'll, they'll never get our support and we get no representation. What I like about what's transpiring right now with, with Trump's ascension or returned to the White House, what I do like about what has transpired is that it's put the Democratic Party in a position where you no longer get to take us or various communities for, for for granted. You gotta go out there and earn our vote.


You can't get moralistic and, and and sync sit on your sanctimonious chair and acting as if you are above reproach. I watched you and I've watched you interview many, many people. And again, I don't agree with you a hundred percent of the time. I don't expect you to agree with me a hundred percent of the time, but I respect the hell outta your integrity and what you bring to your show every day. And I watch it every chance I get to be quite honest with you 'cause I'm always learning something. But I love how you are not afraid to hold people accountable on a personal level in terms of how they make you feel about things that they say, the policies that they push forth, the things that they've tried to implement. And that's what I'm paying attention to. Now, do I like Doge with Elon Musk and his so, and what he was and how he was, I don't like that visual.


I don't, I I I sense a, a a flagrant level of insensitivity to federal employees and others who may, who, who, who rely on those jobs and what have you. But with 37 trillion in debt, there is no question that waste fraud, et cetera exists. And it needed to be addressed. Did he do the right things? Did he point out the right targets? I don't know. History will show us whether he was accurate in doing so or not. We're looking at Trump, his war tariffs. I told you from Jump Street, Megan, I didn't like that. I didn't like the fact that he was going after everybody go out to China, he wanna go out to China, go out to China, but don't turn allies into enemies that could potentially side with China. He made me nervous with that. Now, again, I don't know, this is what I was seeing and saying, wait a minute, I'm a bit worried here.


Don't know if this is accurate or not. But then when I see so many pundits from the left and they're talking about how awful all of this was, I took the liberty just looking at some things and I'm saying, You know what, you're not gonna cut, put so much into spending when it's $37 trillion in debt. You, you're creating new jobs. You got 8 trillion in commitments from corporations. Okay? You got oil. That's, You know, You know, you, we are drilling here in the states as they say, there's a plethora of other things that's taking place that are going to contribute to the economy, that's gonna contribute to other people being employed. This is what we're hoping for. If it doesn't work, I'll be up here saying it didn't work. I think me, Kelly will be up here saying it didn't work. Dammit.


But we can't knock them for trying because what was the other side doing? Building debt. And while you were doing so, you were trying to guilt us into voting for you by throwing as much haterade as possible on that guy instead of highlighting, instead of highlighting for us, what made you the better candidate? And when I think about it from that perspective, I get really, really upset. And I know a lot of black folks and a lot of minorities in this country who get very, very upset because we want to get to a point where your policy against their policy, what's best for America, what you got. And we are not seeing that. And as a result, Trump's able to come in there and say to hell with all of y'all, this is what I'm going do.


And there's little that anybody can say with, until we show it fails. They can't stick with a hater read forever. You know, every once in a while you need some, some, some nice tea. That's right. However, we're getting something very different still from top Democrats like Tim Wal who has got a different plan for the Democrats to improve on these numbers. And here is part of it. Slot 17 Called out on this because I called Donald Trump a want tobe dictator. It's because he is, it's because he is the governor's being mean and the governor's speaking out on that. Well, maybe it's time for us to be a little meaner. Maybe it's time for us to be a little more fierce. We have to ferociously push back on this.


And again, I'll speak to my teacher colleagues in here. The thing that bothers a teacher more than anything is to watch a bully. To watch this bully and to stop it. And when it's a child, you talk to 'em and you tell 'em why bullying's wrong. But when it's adult like Donald Trump, you bully the shit out of him back. You push back, you make sure they know it's not there. Because at heart, at heart, this is a weak, cruel man that takes it out and punches down on people. Here we go again, Stephen a, he's a wannabe dictator. You need to bully the shit out of him. We need to be meaner, we need to be fierce.


Which is literally like a word that my young children rejected about three years ago. I don't mind, I don't mind Megan, to be honest with you, as long as you have policies to back it up. Because you see, we can talk about Donald Trump bloviating all we want to. And by the way, I don't like him suing media and going after folks and feeling as if you are compelled to agree with him and to not insult him, otherwise he's going to target you. I do think that's petty on from time to time, and I do think that he should be better than that. But in the same breath, if I'm looking at you and I'm saying it's not like I told you I wrote stuff down, this is big, beautiful New deal and all of this other stuff. Well guess what? 8 trillion in pledge US jobs, tax cuts on small businesses, fair trade, no tax on tips, no tax on overtime makes 2017.


You know, tax breaks are permanent deregulation, no more green energy subsidies. These are the kind of things that I just wrote down. If I'm wrong about anything that I said, Megan, please tell me and I'll correct myself. But when I hear that, I'm like, okay, I don't like how he acts sometimes I don't like how juvenile he comes across sometimes. But I know it's more important that I hear that, what I just read off to you, I know it's more important to the American citizen. I know it's more important to the voter. And what do you have to offer if you are the other side? See, that's the whole point. You're we're fierce. You can talk, well, well listen. You talk about, you talk about being fierce. Well, you just got your ass kicked in the election, okay? I, I mean, I don't really wanna hear That couple.


Harris is literally out there last week in Australia saying, I eat no for breakfast. Okay, you were delivered no on a silver platter by the American voters And here's the deal and here's the D, but this is what they're holding on to. He got 49.8% of the vote. We got 48.3. We only lost by one point a half percentage points and neither side got 15% of the 50% of the vote. So guess what? It's not a mandate. The man won young voters, he got more black voters, he got more young voters. He won every swing state. He won the popular vote for the Republican party for the first time since 2004. I mean, damn, what do you need in order for there to be labeled a mandate? I don't understand it, but nevertheless, in a loss to reflect upon the loss and to talk about pushing back, pushing back, pushing back on them.


That's all you got. And oh, by the way, if that is what you really, really feel, how come you didn't do it during the campaign? How come you didn't do it when you were on the debate stage versus JD Vance? I mean, if there was ever a, a kumbaya moment in politics, it was him against JD Vance. I mean, they did everything but hug and kiss one another. I mean, this is what was going on. They even parity it on Saturday Night Live. I mean, this is how funny it was. And so when you're looking at it from that standpoint, where was all of that when you had the ear of the Democratic presidential nominee? That is Kamala Harris, where was all of that then? We don't want, I I, I respect Tim Walsh, should the governor of Minnesota, I get what you bring to the table, whatever that may be.


God bless you. But you had an opportunity to make all of this noise before, and if you missed out on it, we certainly don't want to hear from you. Now that in sports parlance, Megan, that is the equivalent of losing the championship by getting swept and then going to talk shit about the opponent. How'd that work way you had an opportunity to beat him by the Way they ran, by calling Trump a dictator, comparing him to a Nazi, a calling him Hitler. Like how much meaner do they think they should get? I don't understand where, where's the extra room for them to get even meaner, a little meaner more fierce and to bully the shit out of him. How, how do you do that in a way that they didn't already do That?


I don't, I don't know how, I don't know how you're gonna do that. But more importantly, I don't know why you would think that would work considering how we've shown you, we felt about you during the, the election. Even people like me who voted for her, I voted, I didn't like his incivility. I thought the presidency was a statesmanship position. But in the same breath, I was hopeful that she would be somebody that would work across the aisle and that you would be able to police some things that was going on on the left. I regret that. Okay. Yes. Not to say that I would vote for him, but I certainly don't like the thought of voting for her. And so I'm looking At threat to, This is threat. I, I'm losing out Just now. We only have 16 seconds left, so we've gotta, we gotta put a pin in this one and pick it back up the next time.


Since I'm running outta time, we, we Have to put it back up. We have to put it back, pick it back up another time. No doubt about that. But I, so you're, I just, I don't like what I'm seeing from the left. I really, really don't. Well, you should be very happy that that vote did not put her in office because my god, I don't know what we'd be facing right now, but we dodged that vote based on how very I get you, Stephen A. Smith, a pleasure as always. Thanks for being here. My pleasure, Megan. You take care of yourself. All right. Talk To you soon. All right, you too. And we're back tomorrow with Next up Hope Mark, host Mark Halburn, along with his morning meeting crew. That'll be fun. Tune in for that. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.