
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past porting spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Is everyone nursing there at Liberation Day Hangover? Oh, I just, okay. There's gonna be a bunch of tariffs. Pretty much everyone is against it. There's a strain of die hard MAGA that is open-minded to doing something in a different way. Because while the system has worked well for the top 1%, it hasn't been working that great for the folks in the Rust Belt.


I, for one, say we give President Trump a chance. There's no way he's going to let a bunch of economic pain reign down on the country for the next three and a half years without doing anything about it. He's talking about short-term pain for long-term gain. We got the full announcement last night from Donald Trump about his new tariff plan. It's basically 10% across the board for all countries and hire on top of that, depending on whether you're taring us or if there's some sort of trade deficit between our country and Euros, even without tariffs that we find unfair.


Like there are certain regulations, for example, in Japan that make it virtually impossible for us to sell certain cars there because we we'll never pass the regulations. Is that fair? Is it hard to get a Japanese car in America? So Trump is jacking up tariffs on Japan, not necessarily based on their tariffs, but based on a trade deficit because of regulations they put in place that make it impossible for us to compete over there in the way they can here. That's what he's trying to rectify the defenders of, of the free trade world. Say, yes. All of that sounds good on paper. It said the, the unfairness is a very easy argument to make. But net, net, we're still the strongest economy in the world because of our free trade.


We actually don't make a lot of things domestically and won't start to just because of this plan and that this is going to cause what's called stagflation, where inflation goes up and the economy slows, and eventually we could see job losses. They're predicting all doom and gloom. Why don't we give 'em a chance? Why don't we see how this changes things? Because over the last 25 years, our manufacturing industry has been gutted. It's been sliced in half. In half. You know, I heard Adam Corolla talking about this the other day, And it was a good point. He said, as you know, half of LA burned.


And he was like, You know, You know who's out rebuilding it? Men. Men in excavators and dump trucks with bulldozers and shovels and brick layers. Men like that are gonna rebuild the Palisades men who nobody in the Palisades probably gives two shits about. That's the truth. Well, there are a lot of those guys in this country who've seen what they know how to do best, absolutely devastated by a globalist agenda that cares more about free trade than they do about our own American guys. And Trump is of a different ilk, and he's never stopped thinking about these guys.


Reportedly, he read Rick Santorum's book on the manufacturing crisis and what we did to our own before he ran for president. It was basically Rick Santorum's platform when he ran for president and won Iowa a few years before Trump came on the national scene. And I don't think he's ever lost that. There are trips, there are clips of Trump back when he was in his forties talking about we need tariffs and thinking about the more working class manufacturers of America. So this is something near and dear to his heart. We have never in recent history given it a good try. And I think we need to be patient with the president who ran very much on this, very much on this and deserves a shot. That's the tariffs.


Okay. There's a lot of of other things going on. There's some really disturbing cultural stories that I wanna get into because they say a lot about where we are later in the show. I'm gonna be joined by Anus Barry of the Young Turks. But we begin today with Michael Knowles. He's hosted the Michael Knowles show over on the Daily Wire,


tariff wars, stubborn Inflation. No wonder Gold has been routinely hitting all time highs in volatile markets like the one we have now. Don't sit on the sidelines with your head in the sand. You can take control and safeguard your savings. This is why so many Americans today are turning to Birch Gold Group. They have helped tens of thousands convert an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. Is it time for you to hedge against economic instability with gold? To learn how to own physical gold in a tax sheltered account, just Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 Birch Gold will send you a free no obligation info kit. Again, Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and countless five star reviews. Birch Gold has helped many protect their savings with gold. It took us decades to get into the tangled mess they're trying to unpack now in DC How long is it gonna take to get out of it and at what cost? Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


Michael, welcome back. Oddly, I don't wanna start with tariffs because I think I've summed it up accurately. And if you really wanna do a deep dive into tariffs, there's probably a lot of places you can go for it. What I wanna talk about is our country and some stories that are in the news today that are just shocking. And the number one is this poor kid who was murdered down in Texas, in Frisco, Texas by the name of Austin Metcalf. It's all over the news today. He was at a track meet in north Texas, just reading here from wf aa.com, the a local source there in Frisco, Texas.


He was, okay. It happened around 10:00 AM at a university down there, Frisco High School, sorry, it was a Frisco High School track meet, but it happened at a university championship track meet, And it was being held with these independent schools present. The victim who died was 17-year-old Austin Metcalf. He was a student attending Frisco's Memorial High School. His twin brother Hunter was there as well. He went to sit down and found another student in his seat from the sound of it and said, that's my seat, or something to that effect. And that other student reportedly turned around and stabbed him in the heart.


This kid who got killed was 17. He had a 4.0, he was a football star, sorry. And he was dead. It seems very soon thereafter, his twin brother held him as he died and was barely able to speak about it. And the father, who seems like an extraordinary man, Michael comes out and speaks to the cameras about what happened to his son. Here's a bit of Austin's dad, take a listen. I'm not trying to judge, but what kind of parents did this child have? What was he taught?


He brought a knife to a track meet and he murdered my son by stabbing him in the heart. The son, the guy was in the wrong place and they asked him to move and he bowed up. This is murder. I don't know. I know they have someone in custody. Yeah, they do. And You know what? I already forgive this person already. Already. God takes care of things. God's gonna take care of me. God's gonna take care of my family Met. Poor man. His name is Jeff Metcalf already. He's forgiven in heaven. Yesterday this happened Wednesday, they have a suspect in custody identified by police as Carmelo Anthony, a 17-year-old student at Frisco Centennial High School.


He was taken into custody on a murder charge. His bond has not yet been set. This guy, Anthony, played football in for the school centennial and indicated on social media pages that he had been offered scholarships to play football for several smaller schools. This is just incredible. So he had some sort of hope in front of him that the suspect, Carmelo Anthony, that he played football and that on social media at least, he was claiming that he'd been offered scholarships to play football for several similar, several smaller schools. And now this other kid who appears to be completely innocent of doing no more than asking to have his seat is dead at age 17 with nothing but promise lying in front of him and in the arms of his own twin brother.


The, there's an element to this that must be mentioned, and that is that the assailant was black and the victim was white. And one thing that's very obvious to all of us is if the races were reversed, you wouldn't just be hearing about this on this show and a handful of others, it would be blanketing the national airwaves, coast to coast. But it's not because honestly, white boys' lives don't matter. Your thoughts, Michael, The fact that you even have to walk on eggshells to state this obvious fact about the case shows you in no small part how we got to this place in the first place.


You know, it's just a horrible story. What what amazing grace from this boy's father who says, You know, I already forgive him, which is to say, vengeance is mind, says the Lord and I will repay. You know, their foot shall slide in due time. That is not to say that the boy should not be arrested, prosecuted, imprisoned for life at least, if not more. And You know, the very fact that that has not happened is, is part of how we got here in the first place. This question, You know, how was this boy raised? Well, you're not allowed to ask that question. Yeah. When, when You know specifically from the, the racial angle, which the establishment media will not speak about, they probably won't speak about the case because of the races of the perpetrator, the alleged perpetrator and the victim.


Yeah. You know, one is said that we cannot ask how we got to a place where 70% plus of black children in the United States are born out of wedlock. We're not allowed to ask that. That's politically incorrect. It's none of your business. Well, it is my business because I live in society and they're obviously downstream effects. I don't know the particulars of this guy's family situation. Maybe he just ran, he, he went totally off the handle. Maybe he had some mental health crisis or something. We're not allowed to talk about these things either. We, we have to now elevate insanity as some kind of of social currency, or even pretend that patently absurd things are true that's pushed by our elite culture. If the boy ever did show any warning signs at school that cannot be punished, that you, you could probably get the, the teacher in trouble if, if, if a, a person of a favored demographic is, is ever punished, brought to the school counselor, even if it would be for his own good, we're not allowed to talk about any of these things.


And so in a very real sense, political correctness, the, the leftist, especially racial ideology, has created this environment. And, and the, the most insidious part of it all is that the elites who are going to be chattering about this today will never have to face the consequences of these kinds of be behaviors, policies, and ideology. Because they're gonna send their kids to the really fancy rich school where everyone has two parents and an intact family and violence is not tolerated. And they, they will be totally insulated from the effects of their radical social engineering. Meanwhile, the people who, who don't live in the gated communities, the people who have to live with the effects of not punishing perpetrators, not looking out for red flags, and putting kids into course correction and education.


The, the people who won't even arrest criminals on the streets, who instead, when you have a case to use, a recent example of Daniel Penny, for instance, on the New York City subway protecting innocent people from a perpetrator. What, what is the very first thing that the liberal prosecutors do? They go after the good guy who was protecting the bad guys because of all of this. You have, you have real victims of, in this case a 17-year-old kid had his whole life in front of him in this case that the boy's family who looks around and, and the, the tragedy on top of the tragedy here is that these kinds of incidents are also predictable. What kind of rage and emptiness, I guess is in the heart of a boy who would stab another young man in the heart for asking for a seat back.


I mean that the hair trigger that would be required there, the bundle of anger and just lack of any engagement in society, any commitment to the social contract by which we all live, right? There's, this is just so beyond the pale like murders happen. And we understand that's a part of life. Unfortunately, people have vendettas against one another. There are serial killers out there. People get angry and overreact. But that usually, usually Michael, you can see the circumstances. You, you're not justifying it, but you understand, okay, it was manslaughter, it was the heat of passion, or it was some gang hit, or it was a mob hit, or it was, You know, just some sort of long vendetta between the two.


Or it was a cheating spouse. You know, there's something where you don't accept, but you can at least understand. But you see something this vile and and empty in meaning. And you do as that father did, look at the perpetrator and say, how was he raised? Where was his family? What was seen or not seen about him before he was unleashed on society to the point where he could do this to an innocent kid he was across from, who takes out a knife and stabs another in the heart as their first response to an empty or not empty seat. Are you telling me that there is no warning sign here?


That's my, that's my question to, to everyone involved at this school in, in this perpetrator's alleged perpetrator's community. You're telling me there was no warning sign? I have a hard time believing that as you say, Megan, the, the hair trigger to go off. 'cause someone says, excuse me. And by the way, I think a lot of people have seen this kind of thing from individuals where you just know, You know, often, You know, you won't even go approach them on the street. You just know the, the, the, all of the red flags, all the warning signs. But in this culture, we're not allowed to mention that we're not allowed to condemn certain social arrangements and pathologies. We're not allowed to say that growing up in a two family home, for instance, where the virtues are cultivated and the vices are suppressed, that that's better than the alternative.


Frankly, we're no longer even allowed to admit that there's a difference between vice and virtue. Certainly when you add the racial aspect into this, then you're not allowed to say peep whatsoever. And so the, the people who ignored those red flags out of cowardice and radical ideology, they have blood on their hands. And not just in this case, but in many similar cases around the country, how how many more of these kinds of incidents are going to have to occur before we we gain the courage and the clarity again to say, You know, certain social pathologies really need to be suppressed. There are better ways to live. It's not just you do you and I'll do me, we live in a society.


And so when people get married, that affects me when people get divorced. That affects me when people have children out of wedlock, that affects me. When people have children within wedlock, that affects me. When, when the law is enforced, that affects me. When the children are educated, You know, in a proper way, that's gonna affect me too, because I live in society, all right? And I, as a citizen in this country, and as a person with conscience, as a rational creature, have a right to express how we ought to live for the common good. That view has been so shunned from society, certainly by the left. And it's been tolerated by the right. And, and this is the totally predictable result of that.


There's, there's so much in there here that, that everything you said is brilliant and important. The Black Lives Matter plaza in Washington, DC was just scrubbed and taken down. Here we are five years later, right? Almost, almost exactly five years later, right? George Floyd was the end of May in 2020. And what, what did that group accomplish? What the number of cancellations that they pushed for, You know, the, all about cops, it was all about what these allegedly racist cops were doing coast to coast, just hunting black men, right? Isn't that how LeBron put it?


This what's happening in with a lack of fathers in several black homes. Not every black home, and this isn't about black people. There are black people listening to this show right now who are as outraged over this as we are. But there is a problem with fatherless homes in a large portion of the black community. And where is the push on that? Where, where would these black leaders, Patricia Colors and the others to try to do something about that which actually would've helped black kids and all kids for have a safer future? Of course, of course. You know, the, the, the people to blame here, You know, for creating these kinds of conditions are, are not only the ones who look the other way, but, but yes, as you mentioned, these really bad actors who have, who have pushed terrible behavior, who have encouraged the worst kind of lawlessness that is contrary to the good of the individual and to the good of society, and who have been given grants and prizes and, and all sorts of plotts for it.


You know, I I remember walking by that BBL M Plaza in DC I thought this is, this is such another level of social degradation. Not only are we tolerating th this kind of disordered behavior, but we're actually exalting it. We're saying this is, this is a, a great thing. So people are going to be led, You know, I mean, this is where the hyper individualism of the left and the right just totally breaks down. We are social creatures. We've known that since good old Uncle Aristotle. And, and so we, we are going to, we're gonna follow the leader. We're gonna behave in ways that, that our neighbors behave. And so we have a, a real question before us, which is, what kind of country do we wanna live in?


What kind of society do we wanna live in? You know, it it, that is your business, alright? The, the, the society that we grow up in is your business. You as a citizen have a right to certain standards. And so when, when you look at all of the risk factors for this kind of behavior, fatherlessness, of course we've talked about the, the soft bigotry of low expectations as it's called in education, exactly the, the encouragement of vice and the, the mockery and dismissal of virtue on the grounds that, You know, we can't be moralizing or we have a separation of church and state or whatever kind of a historical nonsense. The radical left pushes, You know? Well, the consequence of that is that you're gonna live in an increasingly anarchical kind of society that isn't good for anyone.


It, it damages the people that it supposedly intends to help. You certainly saw that with BLM, but let's not forget the innocent people here as well. It also damages the innocent and, and that is deeply unjust. And if the government can't do something about that, then the government is shirking its chief responsibility. It's not totally dissimilar from what happened with the Nashville shooter. That woman who went into a, a, a lower school and killed six people at the Covenant School in Nashville, March 27th, 2023.


We don't say the name of the mass shooters here, but it was a woman who was having gender dysphoria and was trying to become a male, or wanted people to think of her as a male. And this was the case in which our audience may remember, they refused to release the manifesto. They said it would be too disturbing, it would be too dangerous. And then about a year plus ago, Stephen Crowder got his hands on at least a piece of the manifesto and released it. And this woman had all these bizarre trans fantasies involving having male sex, like she would be the male with her stuffed animals. And how if she would just go up to heaven after committing all these murders, she was sure God would put her in a boy body completely whitewashed.


Like the media did not wanna the, the cops, nobody wanted to talk about the trans element of this woman's craziness of her insanity. And now they finally concluded their investigation on this covenant school killer. And they release a 48 page report, which does not include the word trans. It does not include the word trans. It has other passing references to some gender issues. But it's, it's completely downplayed. It's like it was, You know, basically not relevant to it. This is a little bit of the reporting. Despite needing more than two years to complete its investigation, the, the police department confirmed that this person acted alone.


And during the attack, during the attack itself, no one around the killer had knowledge that she was planning the attack. Although her parents knew she had thoughts about killing her father, they found that her parents, her mental health providers and the firearm retailers who sold her the weapons bore no responsibility and had no prior knowledge of her plans. And now they state in this conclusion that she didn't leave behind a manifesto, Michael, because it wasn't laid out in one single document. That, that there, there's all sorts of justification for this. Listen to this. They write early in the investigation, it was suggested that this shooter left behind a manifesto detailing her motives and intentions.


By definition, a manifesto is a mission statement or other document written and disseminated by an individual or group to enumerate or expound upon the guiding principles and beliefs that inform their actions regardless of length. A manifesto is a single document that outlines all the factors, intentions and objectives of an individual actress, a series of actions. In this case, a manifesto did not exist. The shooter never left behind a single document explaining why she committed the act, why she specifically targeted the covenant and what she hoped to gain, if anything, with the attack. Really. Now that's now they've been saying for two years that it would be too dangerous, they didn't think we could handle it.


It's too disturbing. Now suddenly it's, oh, it didn't exist because it was in the form of multiple documents and not just one. I feel like we're looking at parallel stories in a way here where the, the shooter, the killer is in a protected group about whom you are not allowed to say or certain things or ask certain questions. The the excuse might as well be that manifestos are always saved as PDF files. And this was a Doc X, so not a manifesto not going to release it. It's so flimsy And it contradicts what they've been saying for years at this point. But, but of course they were going to ignore the central feature here. We've been talking about red flags.


We've been talking about the, the, the ideological and cultural insistence that we not acknowledge what's before our own eyes. So in this case, you wanna know what a red flag might be, that you have a, a person who is as mentally ill as it is possible to be a person who doesn't understand some of the most basic aspects of her own identity. I would like to know that as the parent of someone who is at a school, I would like to know if there are really crazy people, people who not only have a flawed perception of reality, but who are part of a group that is singularly violent and committing violence not only against others, but notably at at un unmatched rates against themselves.


A group of people that has a real problem that a caring society would try to fix and remedy rather than affirm and make worse. That, that's the sort of thing that I would like. But that has to be ignored because the, the culture tells us that we have to exalt falsehood and we have to deny truth. So then when one of these people flies off the handle, it, it, we all have to act surprised. I I have been going out and speaking in public for, I don know, 10 years or something. Now, as part of my show and part of my part of my public life, I've been attacked precisely on two occasions physically, both times. It was because I discussed the question of transgenderism. One time was right at the beginning of my speaking.


The other time was a couple years ago. Some Antifa guy was so furious at my observation that transgenderism isn't real. That he tried to blow me up when I was giving a speech and he seriously injured a female police officer. I, I've talked about a lot of other issues and it's not just me. There are many people on the right for for whom this is the case. The minute you question the trans ideology, these people who are so obviously and notably insane will fly off the handle. Can we say that I'll probably be censored from social media for acknowledging that right now, but let me just ask the people who s That not reality. Well, we're literal talking about a so-called trans person. Is that so who, who killed 6, 3, 6 year olds and three adults? I it's absolutely factual in the case, yes.


That we are discussing at this moment. Please keep going Without question. My and my question to them, by the way, who say that we need to lie to people in order to mollify them. That, that, You know, lies will set you free. And the truth is cruel. A complete inversion of what we've known in our civilization for thousands of years. My question to them is, who does that serve? Does that is, is the trans identifying girl who shot up the school and then was happily killed by a police officer? Is she better off because of that? How about this kid, the, the perpetrator just yesterday who murders a 17-year-old promising kid? 'cause he flies off the handle. Is he, is he served well by, by just ignoring red flags and that guy guy's life is over as well and he's, and he's gotta live with the grievous sin of having taken another life.


Who, who benefits from living in a society full of lies? Nobody does. I mean, it's a, it's a total faustian bargain. You know, give up the truth, live in lies, and then at least some people will be happy. And the conclusion of it is, none of us are happy and the whole society is degraded. The, Just before we leave this, this subject here, here's just a couple of statements that Steven Crowder reported on when he broke this story last year that did not, did not wind up in the police report that this shooter had written. Can't believe I'm doing this, but I'm ready. I hope my victims aren't, quote, kill those kids. Quote, going to fancy private schools with those fancy khakis and sports backpacks with their daddy's mustangs and convertibles.


Quote, wanna kill all you little crackers, bunch of little faggots with your white privileges. Now, I'm sorry, but there is absolutely no reason why the final report should not include those statements. Here's more. The Tennessee Star reported on some of what was found in the manifesto documents, but not in the police report. The shooter wrote extensively about gender identity, her gender identity, including a three page entry. The killer titled My Imaginary Penis, in which she wrote about expressing sexual fantasies with stuffed animals. I can pretend to be them and do the things boys do and experience my boy self.


God, I'm such a pervert, I waste too much time in my fantasies. The, the shooter wrote a political rant in an entry dated one month prior in which she complained, the US fails to respect the rights of disabled people, gun owners and transgender people. So now because of you, I wish death on myself 'cause because of the pure hatred of my female gender. Quote, if God won't give me a boy body in heaven, then Jesus is a faggot. Forgive me for these words. I can't be happy I'm meant to die. How does this not wind up in the FYSI? Like we cannot have the realities of these people who wind up committing individual murders or mass murders whitewashed for some sake of being sensitive to their particular.


And by the way, one of the things that they, we also learn about the shooter that's not shocking is she was on the autism spectrum. And the reason I say it's, it's not that people on the spectrum murder, it's that a lot of kids on the spectrum go down the gender rabbit hole. They, they tend to have the patience for a three hour session on Reddit. You know, they can have obsessive thinking. And so they're particularly vulnerable to these online social media traps that are laid for kids who are not trans to start believing that they are. It's really no surprise to those of us who, You know, cover these stories a lot. That this young woman had some sort of autism spectrum disorder and wound up getting sucked into this cult.


It's, it happens time and time again. Another thing you're not allowed to say. Another thing we may get censored for, just sick and tired of it. Michael, I know you are too. I've seen you get attacked. I mean, I've seen what's happened to you and you are on the early edge of this. You know, I just, I'm really sick and tired of it. I, I care, I'm gonna be honest, I care more about the life of the innocent kid who Metcalf who got killed than I do about these kids who have murder on their minds. I also care about them, But I just have to say like, I'm, I'm not so sensitive that I can't discuss what really led to the murders. I'm really thinking more about preventing the next murder.


Here is the brother, the twin brother of the boy just killed in Frisco, Texas. There was this kid before I knew his name. Now this kid was sitting under our, our tent at track. We asked him to move. He started getting aggressive and talking reckless. And my brother stepped in and said, you need to move. He's like, make me move Austin. Grab this backpack. This kid. I, I tried to whip around him as, as fast as I could, But I didn't see the, the stab. But then I look at my, and I look at my brother and then I'm not gonna talk about the rest. So yeah, just that's, that's just what I saw. And I, I mean I tried to, I tried to help him, but it was just senseless.


Of course it was, it was really senseless. Really. I don't know why a person would do that to someone just over that little argument. It's just, it's just crazy in this world nowadays, how people just up and do that. Like that a man has a family. That man has people that care about them all the time. And he, he, he did everything for our family too. He was a strong man. He was a strong, strong kid. Oh, that's the twin brother that Austin Metcalf is the kid, the 17-year-old killed. That's his brother Hunter whose life has been devastated. I mean, it's not even just about the loss of Austin, it's about what happened to Hunter as the eyewitness and the twin brother and what happened to the dad, Jeff, who's already searching for forgiveness, but very capable of identifying some of the risks here.


There's another story. It's not the exactly the same, but it's, it, it dovetails. There is, for lack of a better term, a teacher sex scandal unfolding in Chicago. And the tape of this woman has gone everywhere. And I understand why. Trust me, I, I worked at Fox News for 14 years. There wasn't a teacher sex scandal. We didn't cover there, but there's some level of depravity in our society. I mean, that's really what we're talking about. There's some level of depravity and in some cases mental illness. And this woman, while yes, she's a woman, so technically in one of the favorite classes, that that's not what this story is about. She is getting some press coverage, but there's something wrong with a woman if, as she's accused of doing, who has, well they're saying accusing her of raping a 15-year-old student.


She, no one is saying that her student who she allegedly raped sex without consent was special ed, but she was a special ed teacher at the school. So I don't know whether he was or he wasn't, but he was 15 years old. It happened in 2023 reportedly that student's mother found disturbing text messages between the two of them when she logged onto her son's iCloud account after she bought him a new phone. He was a soccer player that she coached and she was also tutoring this young man and the mother of course when bullshit, when she found the text messages.


So this woman gets pulled over, there's a couple of pieces of tape here. She gets pulled over by police with her husband in the passenger seat. She's in the driver's seat a couple of days ago. Here's a bit of that. Start back over here. So we do have an investigation going on. We have to talk to you about it at the police department. Okay? So we're expect everything to you there. It's not my investigation, I don't know the full details, But we have to bring you there though. Okay? So I do have to put you in handcuffs and bring you to the police department just to handcuffs. Yes. Unfortunately, yes. I'm like willing to go with you. I, I get it. Yeah. Unfortunately we have to do it that way. So do me a favor. We just take this off. Can I ask you what?


Of course, of course. Yeah. It's not, like I said, it's not my investigation. Obviously we are here for a reason. So go ahead and turn around for me. I have An idea at the moment what this is about. Other than that it's an investigation. That's all I can really tell you right now. I'm sorry. I wish I could tell you more. I really would prefer that my husband's with me. Of course. Okay, so she's very angry that the husband can't come with her. She's arrested not really understanding what she's arrested for, supposedly. I mean, okay, how many crimes had she committed? Because that one should have been pretty obvious and on the nose. And then there's tape later where it's dawning on her, what she's in trouble for and what's about to happen to her.


Here it is. I've been feeling it. My throw up a bag. Alright, She'd learned the charges by this point. She's in the back of the cop car. Oh my god, what the fuck? What we won't see is the video of this boy's mother crying at night in her bed.


I am sure the night she discovered that this had happened to her son. I have a 15-year-old. They're young. They are not yet men. They are coming of age at age 15. This is absolutely disgusting. She just, to complete the narrative is denying that she sexually assaulted the student. She said quote, everyone comes after her because she is good looking. That's the quote, because she is good looking according to co court documents. She was arrested earlier in March. On March 16th. She confessed to police that she cared too much about the student, but claimed he broke into her phone and sent these problematic text messages as blackmail that I guess she wasn't participating in the back and forth.


She claimed that one day he grabbed her phone unattended had entered her passcode. 'cause yeah, every FYSI my 15-year-old certainly knows the passcode of all of his teacher's. iPhones had sent the message to his own phone, had then deleted the message from her phone and had saved it to his phone as blackmail. The, the messages included as follows, her writing to him, I love you so much, baby, even though this morning was short. It was perfect. Student responded. I know, baby. It was perfect baby. So perfect. She wrote, I love having sex with you. It's pretty good admission for the prosecution. Student responded. I know, baby.


I love it so much. It feels so good. It's so passionate, it's so intimate. It's so perfect. On top of all that con, continue thinking in your mind of what her defense is. He wrote all of that. He grabbed my phone, he knew my passcode, he wrote all that. He wrote all the back and forth and then deleted my half of the conversation from my phone, which is just already such utter nonsense. Court documents allege that this, the teacher, Christina Formella is her name, had also written about the student in her notes app on her phone. Fornel told police she had used the app as an outlet for her anxiety and references about sex were only about her husband.


So that is the story of Christina Formella, again, denying all charges. But in a lot of trouble today, Michael. And I'm assuming that the police have their woman and that this went down as they allege it is yet another example of just some sort of strange and severe cultural depravity. Well, Megan, I have to ask, You know, if we've got the notes and we've got the text messages, at what point is the police department to come out and say, You know, we have this video of this woman saying on camera, I'm about to commit this crime with this student. Then she's gonna say, it was actually ai, it was grok that made that video.


And then there's gonna be another video. It says, I am, this is not ai. I mean, they might as well, she might have done a live performance for all of the evidence against her. And, and yet you do have to ask yourself, well how, how did we end up in this place where these stories are so totally normalized? And the first question that comes to me when I think about the story we were just previously talking about is if a child at 16 years old, 14 years old, 10 years old, eight years old, has the right to make a, a permanent sexual decision, a decision to sterilize himself, to remove his genitals or her genitals to, You know, really long-term decisions, then why doesn't a 15-year-old have the ability to consent to a romp with his teacher?


He doesn't. That's a great question. Obviously, despite all the reactions, right? You know, where were these teachers when I was in school? He, we, we have age of consent for a reason, But we only apply it conveniently. And when we're talking about long-term sexual decisions, no, no, no, that's totally fine. The child can consent. God, you're so right. You know, the child could consent at five years old. So that's the first part. Second part is we've been told since the 1960s at least that sex is no big deal. You know, it's just like a handshake. It's not the sort of thing that's really just for husband and wife, for serious people who are committed, who are open to the possibility of a child, which is the product of sex. No, no, no, no, no. It's just like a handshake man. It's no big deal. But then this creates a, a bizarre contradiction because we're told sex doesn't mean anything at all.


But sexual assault is much worse than any other kind of assault. Well, how is that? I don't, You know, if sex is just a handshake just between two people who can consent and if children can consent now to, according to this logic, then why is this a news story at all? It just, it just shows you the huge gap between what we all know to be true with our common sense and the law and the popular culture. That it's been foisted on us by radical ideologues now for half a century or more. Okay, speaking of the trans issue, I don't know if you saw this viral video yesterday. I saw it on the icons feed on X, but there was a young woman, a fencer, USA fencer, Stephanie Turner is her name, and she was competing in a fencing match and for USA fencing as, as part of it.


And she was placed up against a male pretending to be female. And look at this, Michael. She took a knee. She took a knee, she refused to, to fight. There he is towering over her by the way. She said, I saw that I was going to be in a pool, meaning a fencing pool with Redmond. His name is Redmond Sullivan. And from there I said, okay, let's do it. I'm gonna take the knee. I knew what I had to do because USA fencing had not been listening to women's objections. I took a knee immediately and Redmond Sullivan was under the impression that I was going to start fencing. When I took the knee, I looked at the ref and I said, I'm sorry, I cannot do this.


I am a woman and this is a man and this is a woman's tournament, and I will not fence this individual. Redmond did not hear me. He came up to me, he thinks I may be hurt or he doesn't understand what's happening. He asks, are you okay? And I said, I'm sorry I have much love and respect for you, But I will not fence you. Shortly thereafter, USA fencing produced a statement in support of the man Sullivan and transgender participation in the sport. And Stephanie Turner, the female, was disqualified as a result of all this.


She's a heroine that took a lot of guts and God only knows how hard she worked. Right? To get to this point, this guy, Redmond Sullivan was a, a male and living as a male a year and two years ago. Look, this is the beginning of his transition. We'll show you some earlier pictures of him, which I saw online earlier where he's a fat rather unattractive man, just like two seasons earlier. And of course, you're, you won't be surprised to learn. Not a very good fencer. You know, the only place that a woman has ever beaten a man is a sword in a sword fight is Disney movies and Star Wars recently, snow White, right?


She's taking on men with swords. But in reality, no woman has ever beaten a man in a sword fight or really in any physical endeavor. Just doesn't happen that way. And so this, this woman was not only principled to take a stand here, but she was also just prudent. You know, a no, a woman should not be putting herself in a situation where she's engaged in any kind of physical activity up to and including fencing with, with men. And, You know, she, she has the right to her own sports leagues, of course. But I wanna answer preemptively a criticism that I know that we're gonna get from the left on this, which is the left, is gonna say, you conservatives, you don't really care about women's sports.


Well, I know you talk about it all the time and it's a 95 5 issue And it helps win elections for Republicans. But you conserve is you don't really care about women's sports. To which I say, you're right. I don't, I don't care at all about the WNBA, I don't care about women's soccer, I don't care about men's soccer for that matter. I don't care about women's fencing. What I care about is justice. That is why conservatives are focusing on this issue. It is unjust to subject women to these competitions with men, first of all, where they could get traumatic brain injuries. As we saw in the volleyball competition. It's also unjust to take women's trophies away. It's, it's certainly unjust to take women's university scholarships away.


And it's just not right. You know, why don't we let men into the women's sports leagues? 'cause they're called women's sports leagues and that's not right. And we need to live in accordance with reality in a way that befits a civilized society. That's why you're right. I'm never gonna watch women's fencing ever, but women ought to have the right to their sports leagues. And we as citizens have the right to insist upon justice. If if we don't, then what? What's the point of the government Ex Exactly right. Here's, here are the stats on this male fencer. He, after he graduated from high school, began attending Wagner College in Staten Island. He joined the men's fencing team in June of 2023. He placed 29th out of 58 male competitors.


And in November of 20 23, 6 months later, he began competing in women's fencing. By November of 2024, he won three zero, all of his matchups. And in December, 2024, he won gold at the Connecticut Division, junior Olympic qualifier in the Junior Women's Foil. This event at which she took the knee, his competitor was the USA fencing event at the University of Maryland. And again, she received a black card exclusion from competition for refusing to, to compete against this man Redmond Sullivan. And honestly, like shame on USA fencing for not creating an open division where Redmond could go compete.


Shame on them for relegating this guy to only the women's division. I mean, he could have fenced as a male and shame on him for cheating because he knows full well he went through male puberty, has full male advantage, and that he's stealing the medals. The only sympathetic characters in this entire thing as is typical, is the actual real women who are left with nothing but bad choices, Michael, when they get faced with a guy like this. Well, and then the question for us fencing and all of these other sports leagues is, okay, what are they gonna do about it? Could they, as you suggested, make a I don know a third league? You know, you got the Men's league and the Women's League and then the Trans League.


Well, that probably won't work because you got two kinds of trans, the the man who identifies as a woman and the woman who identifies as a man. And so, because they're still really men and women, you can't have them fighting each other. They, you're, you're just back at the same problem. So, okay, you could have the Trans league one, the M two W Trans League, and then the W2 M Trans League. But then of course, what about the people who don't identify as men or women? You know? What about the people who are pansexual? You're just gonna Have to make it the tq, it's gonna have to be the TQ link. We, that's the, that is my que We could either have 150 leagues or we can do something that there're gonna be some people even on the center right, don't support, which is just insist upon reality.


Can we all just insist upon reality? Please. Yeah. He could fence with the men With the bathrooms. They say, well, instead of having a male bathroom and a female bathroom, let's have a third one or a fourth one or a fifth one. No. How about we just have two because there are only men and women And it change and let's just be real. And you have to act normal. 'cause we live in society. I gotta get This one last one in. The woman who played Alphabet in Wicked, the movie, she just won an academy award for the performance. Cynthia Arrivo goes by they them and explained why at the GLAD Awards this weekend. It isn't easy. None of it is waking up and choosing to be yourself, proclaiming a space belongs to you when you don't feel welcomed teaching people on a daily basis how to address you.


And dealing with the frustration of reteaching people. A word that has been in the human vocabulary since the dawn of time. They, them words used to describe pedantically. Two or more people poetically a person who is simply more, What do you make of it, Michael? It's exhausting. Reminds Of mama cast. Just to be yourself is the hardest thing to be. And I thought, no, that's not true. Like being a mathematician's harder probably, or a welder or like a marathon runner or it's, it's actually not that hard to wake up and be yourself. And the irony, of course, is the people at this awards gala are insisting upon not being themself and not not living in accord with their pre Plus.


It's like when you're gonna hijack an, a preexisting term in the English language, like they them and try to make it mean something totally different. Yeah, you're probably gonna have some splaining to do This is, this is the thing. Unless, unless these people are multiple, You know, we, we, my name is Legion for we are many, which is a totally separate problem, by the way. Then we, we need to live in accord with reality because, because at a really basic political level, if we all have the right to our own subjective identity, then we can't communicate with each other. We can't know anything about e each other. And we become a grunting, roving bands of baboons even worse because we deny our own natural instincts. And society becomes totally incoherent, as you may have noticed, Meghan.


It has, Yeah. Listen, it's a pleasure to see you, my friend. This is a disturbing string of news, but an important one, we gotta keep an eye on ourselves. Michael Knowles. Thank you sir. Pleasure. Pleasure's all mine, Megan. And even with all the crazy weather in Nashville, I'm glad I could beam into you from my home office, and I hope my screaming children at least made a good starring run on the show for the audio. Oh God. So you're everybody's safe. Everybody's safe. Other than my poor wife who's chasing toddlers around the home. But everyone, everyone else is good. Okay, good luck with that. It's, it's a pleasure. Gosh, Nashville's really getting hit right now. So yeah, Michael had a move from his studio to his home.


We appreciate him making it.


If you are a business owner, listen up. Is your growth stalling while competitors race ahead? Thousands of businesses have scaled with Financial Yield Solutions Inc. Or FYSI, and their strategic growth planning. FYSI can build custom roadmaps that unlock new markets, expand operations and boost profitability. This is what separates billion dollar companies from small businesses. And FYSI can help you close the gap. Act now because spots for the free $5,000 risk assessment are limited. Use promo code Megan visit FYSI dot com slash Megan or call 808 7 7 4,000 today. That's promo code Megan. And visit FYSI dot com slash Megan or call 808 7 7 4,000 today for your free $5,000 risk assessment.


The media is broken for decades, big cable and legacy media filtered information to hide the truth. But thanks to podcasts like the one that you're listening to and new media around this country, the truth can break through providing voices and views that legacy outlets we know well will not air. But Big Cable still has a major way of controlling information access. They do this by limiting access to something called Spectrum. The invisible airwaves that power affordable wireless internet. And by forcing you to keep their bundles, the old cable package bundle, keeping independent media out of reach. Trump and Republicans in Congress have a huge chance right now to get this right by making more spectrum available and breaking the big cables stranglehold on your information. Tell your senator or representative to work with President Trump and sell more spectrum so everybody can keep listening to shows like this. The Megan Kelly show. Go to end the cable ole.org to learn more.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Joining me now, someone from the other side of the aisle, Anna Kasian, she's host and executive producer of the Young Turks. Anna, welcome back. Great to see you. Alright, so this could be your future. You as, as somebody who is not necessarily in the Donald Trump fan club. I would, I like, I wouldn't, I don't see you in the Red Hat. You too. If You know Kid Rock at all, or even I think I could do it, could get invited to the White House to sit down with Donald Trump. He brought Bill Maher, he was on Bill Maher's show. He convinced Bill Maher to go to the White House, to the satisfaction of no one, no one wanted to see this.


It's kinda like when Mika and Joe went to Mar-a-Lago and Bill did it, even though he really doesn't like Donald Trump. And he says he's gonna talk about it on his show. I, I guess he's off this Friday, But I guess the following Friday. But in the meantime, we're getting a flavor for what went down because Kid Rock went on Fox and Friends the next morning and said This Me, bill Dana White. And, And it could not have been better. Everyone was so surprised, so, so pleasant. The most shocking thing to me was, You know, Bill's obviously a very big liberal, been very hard on the president, but he's donated a lot of money to other politicians. You know, you've had Biden, Clinton, Obama, everybody. He had never been to the White House and the president was so gracious, he took us up to the private residence.


We saw the Gettysburg address in the Lincoln bedroom. And I was like, you've never been here, bill. And I was like, how about this President Trump, You know, extending this olive branch. And like, and we talked about things we had in common, You know, ending wokeness, You know, You know, securing the border. You know, the president was asking him what he thought about policy, You know, going on with Iran and Israel and things. It was, it, it it, it just meant, it blew my mind, right? It was, I was, I was, You know, very, very proud Bob. Amazing. And by the way, it was also added that Mar showed up with a list of terrible things that Trump had said about Mar and he showed it, I guess, to President Trump who signed, who signed it and gave it back to him.


Wow. Classic. Classic. Anyway, yeah. So what do you make of it? Because the left is very unhappy with Bill for doing this. I don't know that the right is loving it either, But I think they're used to Trump doing this now. 'cause he's had a parade of liberals come to him from big tech people to media people. So what, what's your take on it? Well, I, I have some experience with this. Not necessarily meeting with Donald Trump, of course, but You know, the culture where you're not supposed to talk to the other side at all. I, I mean, I've lost friends from my willingness to come on shows like This one, because I think it's important to have these conversations. I do think that there are areas of common ground. It doesn't mean you need to be a Trump supporter, but Trump is the President of the United States, meaning he's meant to represent everyone, including individuals who did not vote for him.


And if the left in general is unwilling to even have a conversation with anyone on the right, including the president, well how are you ever gonna expect him to consider the issues that matter the most to you? So I actually think opening up dialogue with individuals you disagree with is more important than just existing in this echo chamber where you're gonna hear everything you want to hear, where your ideas are gonna be validated. And quite frankly, where the lack of challenge to your ideas will make you quite weak and unappealing eventually to the electorate. Do you think, You know, I, I know Bill loosely, I've been on a show many times.


I really do think he can't stand President Trump. I mean, he truly has got like a, a sincere case of the TDS, but he did this, which was extraordinary. So do you think there's any chance he comes out liking Trump, Knowing Bill Maher's values? It's unlikely. I do think that they have some common ground because of the fact that Bill Maher is willing to call out some of the pathologies on the left, some of the culture, cultural issues on the left, the closed-mindedness and stuff like that. So I think that finding that common ground is important. And I think that's what kind of opened up this situation where they can sit down and have a conversation with each other.


But that doesn't necessarily mean that Bill Maher is gonna be like a Red Hat wearing Trump supporter tomorrow. It just means that at least he had a dialogue. Maybe he's better, he's better suited to understand where Trump is coming from and vice versa. It's just an important thing to do when you have two major public figures who disagree with each other, come together. And I think what Kid Rock said about the I importance of healing the country is very much true. Again, you have two very different sides, but is there a way that the two different sides can work together where they have common ground and also not engage in this really disgusting fearmongering and dehumanization that we've seen in this country for the last several decades.


In regard to the other side, we need to get past that because we need to bring Americans together. I hate the fact that we've been dehumanizing each other for so long. I, I'll tell you a funny story of how I met Kid Rock. It was 15 years ago, I was hosting an afternoon show on Fox called America Live. And I would go through the show email while on the air, like during the commercial breaks and the audience would write in and, You know, kept it interactive. And an email popped up saying it was from Kid Rock and that he was in town in New York that night for his birthday and was wondering if Doug, my husband, and I could come And it said where the party was, And it just had the ring of truth.


'cause it was sp specific And it had Doug's name, blah, blah. But I was also like, this has gotta be bullshit. So I forwarded it to my booker and I was like, can you see if this is real? 'cause I actually am a fan of Kid Rocks. And so she got back to me and said, it's real. So that night Doug and I went to this little bar that Kid Rock was having his birthday party in. We walked in, he was sitting there, he looked at me, he goes, holy shit, it worked. And we became friends ever, ever after. So I really like him a lot. And he's, listen, he's gone. You know, he's, he's very pro-Trump now, and he's maga but he really was a political independent who was very open-minded. I would put him closer to like a Joe Rogan, who was maybe in lot, in a lot of ways more blue in his politics.


But then we all lost our love and minds as a culture. And he's kid rock for God's sake. I mean, there was, there's zero chance that he is gonna go woke. And that among other issues, I think drove him into the arms of Donald Trump and maga. Yeah, I mean, look, I think that there are a few different things happening simultaneously, and I, I definitely played a role in it. And then once I realized how toxic it was, I tried to kind of reform the way that, You know, the majority of people on the left think about engaging in dialogue. So if you want to have any influence or sway over people in positions of power, whether it be a member of the media, whether it be a politician or even the president of the United States, you can't just close yourself off to talking to the other side, right?


And, and if you do, then you're not gonna have any influence. You're gonna be part of your cutesy little exclusive club where you engage in purity contests and you purge people away or purge people out of your group. Whereas, I don't know, maybe I'm wrong about this, and I'm gonna ask you, I feel that the right wing, whether they're doing it because of who they are, their, their own personal culture and, and how they value conversations, or whether they're doing it as a, You know, way of accumulating power, they bring people in, even if there are some significant disagreements, if there are areas where they can find commonality or agreement with the other side, they're super welcoming and inviting. And that's how you build power.


That's how you build power. I mean, you bring people in, you don't push people out. I totally agree with that, and I do think there's a reason for it. I think it's because people who are on the right spend their whole lives dealing with people who disagree with them. You know, that's just society while it's split, You know, 50 50 or 55, 45 depending on the, the era dem and Republican. And now that Republicans have the edge these days. But overall, liberals control the institutions. You know, they've controlled the media for a long time. They control Hollywood, they control big sports, they control big corporations. So if you're a conservative or even just center, right? Like, you have to deal with them everywhere and K through 12, not to mention college education. By God, everyone, everyone's liberal and they want you to be too.


So you either need to like, be able to talk the talk or be able to politely engage. And as I always say, not make that the stakes of your friendship if you're talking about actual friends, You know, because in where I grew up, you'd have no friends if you, if you only waited for conservatives to come into your life, right? Like I was living on the upper West side of Manhattan for the past 17 years. I, I wouldn't have a single friend if I waited for it to be all conservatives. And I didn't really wanna hang out with my Fox people because while they were fine at work, You know, it's like you don't wanna fill your social life with media people. That's a, You know, that doesn't, that's not where anybody wants to go. So yeah, I think you're absolutely right. But it's disheartening. It's disheartening because You know, recently I lost a friendship over politics.


I mean, at this point in my life, I thought we'd be past that. But as I've gotten more pro maga, that's been like a, a deal breaker for some of my leftist friends. I mean, I'm not even pro maga, I'm just someone who's willing to have these types of conversations. And I've lost friends over that. You know, my core values haven't changed, But I also realized that on some issues, I didn't have all the information and I changed my mind based on additional information I was exposed to. But, You know, the cultish treatment of politics, I think has been really, really toxic for this country. And if you're already at a point where you're automatically dehumanizing the other side or a member of the other side, you've gone way, way too far and you're actually taking part in what's ripping the country apart.


So I'm not a kid rock fan, I want to be clear about that. But the fact that he, out of all check all these people out of all these people was able to set up a meeting between Bill Maher and Donald Trump is admirable. So I'm glad that Bill Maher did it. I hope that he doesn't get too much backlash because I don't see him as someone who's gonna, You know, go out and start cheerleading the Trump administration, But I don't either. He's leading by example. Having these conversations is important. Yeah. And Trump's ripped on him too. I mean, it's been a mutual non admiration society, so perhaps it'll be a thaw. He, to his credit, Bill Maher is a comedian who still wants to be funny. You know, he, he does his monologue every week. He rips on both sides.


He's genuinely looking to make people laugh and he's really good at it. Okay, so do we take this over into the field of romance, though? You know, the gen, our general mutual philosophy of don't rule out somebody as a friend or, or somebody you'd speak to because of their politics. Because there's this viral video, I'm sure you saw it going around on the internet. I saw it on X, But I I'm sure it's on instant TikTok and all of them of this liberal woman who says she broke up with her boyfriend over politics. And this has engendered so many strong feelings in the comments section, wherever it gets posted. Here's a bit of it in, so 38. So I am obviously like very much everyone knows that I'm a liberal woman.


My brother's gay, all my friends are gay also, like abortion rights, ha, female rights. But anyways, so I would like always ask him, I'd be like, what? Like, what's, what's your politics? Like, what do you, who do you, where do you lean? And he was just like, well, like socially I'm a liberal, but economically I'm a Republican. Fuck that. Okay, fuck this, this is my last straw. Again, I'm a very liberal woman. I have to date someone that is on the same page as me because I can't disagree with someone on something that is so important to me for the rest of my life. I fully respect Republicans. I understand that you wanna vote that way, but for me, I don't wanna marry you and I don't wanna date you. So we ended it.


And no regrets. I've been single ever since. It was awesome. It's been awesome. Like virtually every man. Okay, I follow on X had the same response. Dodged a bullet there, man. Congrats. Can I just, before we get to the substance of, I won't date a guy who doesn't show my politics, she's extremely unlikable. She's caustic, she's smug, she's, she said there's an arrogance to her like it's my way or the highway. I know better. I mean, you're disgusting because, You know, don't agree with me politically. Like there's a disdain. Even though, You know, half the country disagrees with her, with her politically, a lot of really good beautiful people disagree with her politically. Why, why is that associated so often with these liberal women who do these posts on, on social media?


Well, I have seen a lot of posts like that. But look, I'm, I'm just gonna say she seems to know herself and what she wants really well, sure. And she's going for it. So go for it. You know, I actually don't have any ill feelings toward her at all because she's determined I'm unwilling to move even an inch on on my politics. But I do agree that she might be closing herself off to individuals that would be wonderful for her, including her now ex-boyfriend. Because people change. People grow and they shift their positions on issues here and there. I, I think it's wrong to think that, You know, someone's political identity can't be fluid. I think it's fluid to some extent.


What I find really interesting is that he agreed with her on social issues and the agreement on social issues. It's what's really likely to lead to a smoother relationship. You know, if he's more fiscally conservative, I don't think that's necessarily something that should be a deal breaker, You know? Well, I'll tell you something though. I'll tell you something right now, Anna. He didn't agree with her on social issues. It was a lie. Probably, probably if he's fiscally conservative, he's not in today's social environment. Maybe like the social environment of 15 years ago where the big thing was like gay marriage. Yeah. You know, you could be like a pro-choice, pro-gay marriage Republican, like a Rudy Giuliani, right? But there is zero chance in today's day and age, somebody who says they're fiscally conservative is actually socially liberal too.


I don't believe it. So she was right that they had vast differences. I just find her so dis like dis disdainful and unlikeable and women like that are giving like my liberal friends a bad name because she, she's so nasty and seems to be like playing fast and loose with this guy's feelings. Like he's a nothing to her just because he has different politics. Alright, one more for you on the, on the culture front. And this is another woman. And this is gonna, this is gonna take us to a place that I've really been dis dying to discuss. This is a woman named Paige Connell. She's a TikTok mom influencer. And she decided to post a very long, I watched five, I give this woman five minutes of my life, which I'll never get back. It was all about how she's a working mom.


Her husband works too. They have kids. She's very, very unsatisfied with the amount or was of housework and support he was bringing to the home. And she really had to lecture him into doing more. And then was extremely disappointed when he did not live up to like her expectations. Let me play what we have of it. South 39, My husband and I had four kids. We both worked full-time. We had been together for 16 years at this point. And on paper I have an amazing husband. But I was incredibly frustrated and burnt out from our marriage and from motherhood. And when we have kids, women tend to carry a disproportionate amount of the work in the home, the work of raising kids and the mental load.


And about three months after my fourth baby was born, I remember looking at my husband and saying, I need more, I need you to do more. Right? And I said, okay, You know, something that would make my life easier is if in the mornings when I came downstairs with the four kids, because I do mornings by myself, the dishwasher was emptied. The the dishes were put away and the trash was taken out. And so of course he does it, but then I have to remind him. And then he forgets, felt so disrespected and unseen and unvalued at that point in time. And so we did the work to figure out what equity looked like in our relationship. And it can hurt your relationship, it can ruin your marriage if you do not participate in an equitable way in your home.


But here's the thing that most men I follow on Twitter are responding to on x. They're, they're offended that a wife would post a dis video about her husband on the internet in any way, shape or form. Yeah, look, I have, I have a broader point to make about that culture. And it goes well beyond wives posting about their husbands, please stop airing your dirty laundry on social media. Honestly, have a little bit of respect, a modicum of respect for the people in your personal life, even if you're in the middle of a feud with them. How about respect their privacy and work it out privately?


You don't need a bunch of random strangers chiming in on your relationship. I would never in a million years do that to my husband or my friends or to my colleagues, which has been done to me many, many times. I think it's disgusting. It shows a lack of maturity. Have the conversation privately, work out your own drama and your own issues privately. So that's point number one. Point number two is look a, a marriage, as I'm sure You know, is it's a partnership. And I think when you fail to see it as a partnership and you instead kind of like tally who's doing what and whether or not you're, You know, pulling your weight or he's pulling his weight, that's just a toxic environment to function in, to have a relationship in.


And so I, I learned that lesson pretty early on in my marriage. I remember in the very beginning it was like, okay, he's got his bank account, I've got my bank account and he's gonna pay these bills. I'm gonna pay those bills for some marriages that works out. But I remember, You know, Jen Yer, my co-host and the founder of the Young Turks, he kind of pulled me aside and said, you're kind of paving a path to a lot of conflict here. You have to see your marriage as a partnership and don't think of it as his money versus my money. And honestly, that was the best advice I ever got in my marriage. And we do really well together. And I don't, You know, he's not keeping track of whether I'm pulling my weight. I'm not keeping track of whether he's pulling his weight. We have mutual love and mutual respect for each other and we look out for each other.


That's a, that's in my opinion, a successful marriage. It reminds me of not, not your particular example, but You know, remember the joy luck club, the joy, luck, luck club where one of the four women, it's all about these four moms and then their next gen coming up and the lives that all eight women are leading. And the one daughter of the mom is in a marriage where the guy like makes her write down if she ate the, the tub of ice cream that was in the freezer. 'cause it's gonna come off of her share of the grocery money. You know, she ate the ice cream, my gosh. And that's $4 that she now owes. It was so, I mean, it's abusive really is what it is.


It's, it's abusive. But I do think there's something happening with men and women in, You know, on the conservative side of the aisle. That's a little upsetting to me right now. And that is like as, as we have bent over backwards as conservatives or You know, right-leaning people to make clear to women that they don't have to quote have it all that. Like, if they don't want to work outside of the home and they want to be stay home wives or stay home moms too, like doing it all, that's a totally amazing choice. And no one should look down on it. It's the most important job in the world. It's literally the most important job in the world to be, to be a mother and to raise good children.


But like so many things we overcorrect we do it on the right, the left does it too. And what's happening right now on the right to some extent is it's, it's morphing into, and there's something wrong with somebody who works and the women who work are less attractive and not good partners. And also, if you choose to work in like your twenties and your thirties and spend a lot of time at the office, you're effing up your whole life. You're not gonna meet a man and you're not gonna have a kid. Even though that's not necessarily true. It, it's much easier to meet somebody and have a baby in your twenties 'cause you're young and you got your totally golden eggs.


But so many women have kids in their thirties, I mean, with without fertility help. And, and we've just sort of gotten to this place on the right where the, the messaging to me is like, I, it's making me really uncomfortable. What do you make of it? Well, it's always made me uncomfortable, especially because I, I think the best possible situation is the situation in which women get to decide, right? So if they decide they wanna be stay-at-home mothers, I think it's important to have the economic conditions that allow for that to happen. And I have a lot of respect for stay at home moms. I agree with you. I think that's literally the most difficult job in the world. And it's important for, for kids to have that close relationship with their mother growing up, especially in like the formative years.


But I do think that it's possible for mothers to work and still be great mothers. The thing is, a lot of women don't even have that choice. You get what I'm saying? I, I especially yes, in this current economy with inflation. So I would love to live in a world where I could be a stay at home, You know, housewife, but it's just not realistic. You know, we gotta pay our bills and we both have to work. But I really do think if we had that economic situation in place, a lot of women would choose to be stay-at-home mothers And it should be their choice. I don't think it's anyone's place to judge the decisions that are made by any family, right? It's up to that family to decide what works best for them and whether or not they could afford the setup that they wanna pursue.


But here's what's happening on the right. Young women, I and I talk to young conservative women all the time about their lives and their goals and, You know, the things that they want. And what's happening is they can't find men who are maybe more conservative. Usually they're looking for somebody who is religious, You know, like they're, a lot of conservative women tend to be God, God loving conservatives and they can't find a lot of young men who wanna marry a working woman. Now. And this is an actual that's, that's coming up on the right. And to me it's so sad because it's like, how did we get to the point where we we're now telling young, conservative, amazing women that they're not attractive if they also work.


If they choose to, let's say, do what I'm doing and what you're doing and like get their voice out there. But I'll stick with me just because I think conservatives listening to this will like the thought of another m Megan Kelly voice up and coming. Well, why wouldn't we want that? Why would we take somebody who's talented in this field and really wants to make a difference and have the messaging to her be, you're really not that valuable unless you give it up and go into the home and only have a family and only raise a family. And the, and the, not only were you sending her that message, but young men are actually believing that they, they're actually believing it, especially on the right because like the trad mom has gotten so popular and it's like, no, if we do that, we're not gonna have any strong conservator or right-leaning women to provide a role model for younger conservative women who, and there's nothing to apologize for here, don't necessarily wanna spend all their twenties in their thirties getting married and, and having kids or can't, they just weren't able to meet somebody and definitely don't need to be shamed over it.


Yeah, I mean, look, I totally agree with you. I'm, I'm of two minds of this though. Because if you are a young man and You know what you want and you think you have the earning power to literally carry the entire family financially, well then I guess wait around until you find the right woman for you. But I think most women, not all, but most women, even conservative women, think it's important to have some level of financial independence, right? I mean, you never know if your marriage is going to go perfectly well, things could fall apart. And if you haven't been in the job market at all for a long time, it's gonna be difficult for you to get back in. So I look, it really depends on the, the guy.


And if he really has a problem with his wife working well, then it, that's on him. And I think he's actually gonna have some difficulty finding a partner. But there's so many factors to consider, including the financial difficulty of living in a single income household where you're trying to raise kids. And look, I also think whether these guys wanna believe it or not, when you have a stay at home wife, I've seen too many instances of this resentment building because for whatever reason, guys tend to think that, oh, well she's staying home. She's not out there working as hard as I am. She's just home raising the kids.


She has a comfortable life I'm providing for her this like resentment starts to build. And I've seen it all over the place. I've seen it in context like my own family. I've seen it, You know, outside of my family. And so I, I think they don't really know what they're asking for here, But I could be wrong. Who knows? And I agree with you. I think that it is important to have strong female voices on both sides of the political aisle. And I think they could really be hurting the conservative movement by essentially, You know, banning women from taking part in conservative media. I mean, you're one of the strongest conservative voices, You know, female voices out there. So if you didn't exist, I don't know, I, I just don't think the conservative message would be as powerful.


Well, thank you for that. I think they'd be fine. But I do think that there's a strain, especially of young women who appreciates seeing a strong conservative woman who's, who's had a, who's had a voice in, in this lane and also had a family. You know, like I know now you get shame for saying that you can have it all, but you can, I I'm sorry, I'll never say anything different. You can, yes, there are risks. Yeah. Yes. You know, if you, if what's most important to you is to have children and also ideally to be with them even in your golden years. And sadly, You know, I mean, I had mine when I was older, so that, that clips the time that you'll be old with them and ideally grandchildren in your life. But just didn't work out for me that way. I met my husband, I was 35.


But anyway, so if you really wanna have kids when you're very young, yes, you may have to table career opportunities for a while, but in my case, I just feel like it worked out wonderfully. And I, all I want people to know is this too is a potential option for you. I do believe if you want it badly enough, you will make it happen. You'll make your career happen. You will make your amazing marriage happen. You'll make your great kids happen too. Right. And look, I think that I, I remember you had put out some tweet and a lot of conservative women were like dog piling on you. And I think the reason why that happened is because there's always this statement about how women can have it all.


And I agree with you, I think women can be mothers. I think they can raise a family and still have a career, but that message also needs to be followed up with the reality of how it is challenging. And it's incredibly difficult. Yeah, right. It's not as easy as it is for a man. And that's because of the gender dynamics at play. You know, a woman, women in general tend to be more nurturing. That's the evolutionary advantage that women have. They're the ones who do the nurturing of the family, of the children. And so when you add a career on top of that, that becomes very challenging and difficult. And you, I I can see women kind of pushing back because they're probably exhausted.


They're probably raising a family while also juggling a career. And I think they just want that validation, they want that acknowledgement of how much more difficult it is to do that. But it is still possible to do that and have it all. Totally, you, I, I agree with everything you just said and I just, my only point is like, don't forget that it's also possible to potentially have it all. I mean, I'm living proof of it, and yes, people say you have money. You're right. That's made it a lot easier. How did I get the money? I earned it. I earned every nickel of it myself. And how did I do that? I busted my ass when I was in my twenties and thirties and built a name and a career for myself. I'm sorry, but like, I find it very disempowering to just tell all these women, like, you're really gonna have to choose.


Look, the reality is, if, if what's your number one thing is to have kids, having them earlier is better because fertility issues would or could kick in later in your thirties. Sometimes women don't meet people early enough. I've had so many young girls say to me, I, and I might, my viewers will email me and say, I would love to have gotten married before now I didn't meet anybody. So I just feel like conservative men need to stop shaming them because so many of them are trying and just aren't able to. But I will say this, the tweet that I sent out about you can, you can make your own fortune, you can get your own swanky New York City apartment and, and also find somebody who wants to be with you on Valentine's Day and have children with you and stay with you was in response to Ashley St.


Clair, the Elon alleged baby mama. That was about her. Because that to me is not an okay choice. You wanna bang a bi billionaire and have his kid, whatever that's between you and the billionaire. But then you may not play the victim when he doesn't turn out to be Prince Charming on Valentine's Day wanting to spend his day with you. Shock shock. It's not actually a loving partnership. Y You know, she clearly wanted to have his child and get on the Elon support program, her earlier tweets make that clear. So she did it. That's it. She got exactly what she bargained for. And I don't feel sorry for her at all, that he doesn't wanna be a good boyfriend to her and may or may not be dicking her around.


I mean, he's claiming he's not, but whatever. That's my point. Yeah. Well, I I actually have a question for you because look, I'm personally disgusted with the fact that he's like having all these children with different women. And for a long time, You know, that was one of the areas where I agreed with conservatives, right? Like conservatives would be pretty judgmental toward men that would act that way or behave that way. Now I see that very differently from someone who established a family, but for whatever reason the marriage falls apart. They unfortunately get a divorce and then later on in life he finds someone else and, and has another family. Right? I, I don't wanna be too judgmental toward people like that. Life happens.


It is what it is. But with Elon Musk, it's like he's intentionally having children with different women. I don't think that's something to celebrate. And I'm kind of shocked that conservatives haven't been more willing to kind of, You know, criticize him for that. Yeah. And I get, by the way, I agree with you with Ashley St. Clair. I, yeah. What did you expect, Ashley? And he had already had a bunch of children from different women prior to you having his child, allegedly. I, You know, we don't know for sure the paternity and he's called it into question, But I don't understand why it's okay to celebrate a guy who's this careless and irresponsible with bringing children into this world.


I don't even know it's carelessness. I mean, I think it's, in this case it may have been with Ashley St. Clair, if indeed it's his child, but with the other women, it's like, most of these are IVF babies, at least the ones who have come in the past few years, two women at the same time, impregnated, if I'm not wrong, with twins of Elon's via IVF. So very clearly an intentional choice by all involved, right? So, You know, like I, I don't know what that's about. If I ever get to interview Elon, I maybe he'll tell me, But I know he's like seriously committed ideologically to slowing population rates to, he really has feels that there's a societal responsibility to repopulate.


And I know there, it's like the joke, oh, he's doing his part, But I actually think that's what he's doing now. Yeah. What happens to these babies who grow up without a father? That very valid question. I, I don't know the answer to that and I don't think I like the answer to that. I think the reason most people give Elon a pass is because he's just such a larger than life figure who's about just so much more than his personal life that it almost just gets shrunk. It's like talking about like, You know, Thomas Jefferson with his affair partner. It's like we don't really care. He's Thomas Jefferson for the love of God. Like some people are so much larger and doing so much good for society, depending on your viewpoint that it's, it just seems like minutiae.


It seems petty and small ball to pay attention to those things. But wait, I wanna say one other thing about Ashley St. Claire. 'cause she got back into the news on, it was just the other day she was like trying to sell her Tesla. 'cause she's claiming she's a popper now. Here she is. I'm selling it because I need to make up for the 60% cut that Elon made to our son child. Why do you think that he did that? That's a great question for him. You feel like he was sort of like vindictive against you in some way? Yeah, that's his operandi when women speak out.


When was the last time that you, you spoke to him or tried to speak to him February 13th, but he's just not, not responding to at all. How would you characterize the way he's about you? You can check the stocks. I am Okay. I'm not the only one cleaning up after his messes. I'm not the only one cleaning up after his messes after she posted that of her allegedly selling her Tesla, he posted on XI don't know if the child's mine or not, But I am not against finding out no court order is needed despite not knowing for sure I've given Ashley 2.5 million and I'm sending her $500,000 a year.


Then she fired back. We asked you to do a paternity test and you wouldn't. But she doesn't, she doesn't dispute. Well, no, she says you weren't sending me money. You were sending support for your child that you thought was unnecessary until you withdrew most of it to maintain control and punish me for quote disobedience. But you're really only punishing your son. Alright, so first of all, 2.5 million. Like, she's not disputing. She got that. She's, she's saying, You know, you're my $500,000 a year. I guess he took some of it away. How many women out there who get pregnant by a man they're not married to get a check for, for 2.5 million. She doesn't get it. Like, that's, that's what made me sent that post. It's not about that post. But I, my point is simply to a young woman who wants a fabulous New York apartment, 'cause she was bragging about how swanky it was to the New York Post.


You can do, you can do that. You, you don't have to bang a billionaire and have a love child. By the way, it's her second who she had out of wedlock before she turned 30 in order to pave your own path with gold. You know, I said to to Brit Hume when I was young and I divorced my first husband with whom I'm still friendly, but he had just become an attending physician. I was married to him during med school and residency and internship. We had no money. And I said, I'm the worst gold digger of all time. And Britt Hume said to me, forget that. Dig your own gold. And that's really my message for her.


Dig your own damn gold. It's so disempowering for people like this to think their, their path to the, to the golden road is screwing some rich guy and then hijacking him for millions. Totally. You know, in Armenian there's a phrase, it's called soak och. And that means when you are eyeing other people's wealth, when you're eyeing other people's hard earned, You know, income. And when you're, you want it for yourself, you wanna take it for yourself. And so, You know, growing up, I just remember my parents really instilling in me, don't look at other people's money. Don't look to take from others.


Look toward the future and how you can build for yourself. And I'm really, really grateful that I had that upbringing because I love freedom. Okay? And honestly, in America, in any capitalist society, freedom means you're able to earn your own living. And you're not reliant on anyone else. You're not relying on your husband. I, I, let me be clear, believe in a robust social safety net. And I would like to make hours more robust here in the United States because sometimes things happen. People lose their jobs, they get laid off and they need a little bit of help. However, You know, being independent and not needing help from anyone is like the definition of freedom.


For me that's wonderful because I get to make my own decisions. I get to marry the man that I love without being worried about whether or not he has enough earning power. And I think that's really the main reason why I'm in a happy marriage to be quite frank. Yeah, Yeah. No, it's funny. I mean like, I married my husband, he was making a lot more money than I was at the time. And then eventually that switch is because media is such a crazy industry, but it's wonderful that we met and fell in love when the roles were reversed. You know, like I love that about us. And neither one of us has to worry. He doesn't have to worry that I'm a gold digger and, and I don't have to worry that he's one. You know, I mean, we're both, we married each other because we fell in love. I was already a professional. I was already on television. I had been a lawyer.


In any event, I want options for our young women. I want them to be able to make whatever choice they that works for them without getting ashamed. But I also think it's important that there are options, right? It's like in the same way the 1950s women couldn't find jobs because they weren't out there. I don't want us to get to the point where young conservative women can't find husbands because they're not willing to look at a young woman who actually does have a career. This is not a solution. Yeah. And let me just say one other thing. You know, there are some female conservatives that I listen to specifically because I wanna be well-rounded and understand what, You know, people believe and, and where they're coming from. On the opposite I side of the political spectrum, You know, Amber Duke is a good example.


She's one of the hosts over, over at the hill. I love her. Right? I don't agree with her on some things, but that's okay. I'm way more willing to listen to what you have to say or what Amber Duke has to say as a woman on the left because your communication style is more inviting to people like me, women on the left. So, You know, I, I think that the trad culture is really kind of hurting itself by advocating for the removal of an entire group of conservative women from public spaces, from the media who I think speak to or have a better communication style that could be persuasive to folks on the left.


So that's another thing to consider. Alright, well said. What are you doing this Easter to celebrate with your family?


Angels Studios who gave us the box office hit Sound of Freedom, has an unforgettable movie coming this Easter called the King of Kings. An animated story of the life of Jesus, featuring an all star cast, including Oscar, Isaac Pierce Brosnan, Uma Thurman, Forrest Whitaker, and more using stunning animation with vivid theatrical scenes you've never seen in a movie like this. King of Kings brings the story of Jesus to the big screen for a whole new generation. And we have a special offer. Become a premium member in the Angel Studios Guild. A membership that puts you in the driver's seat to help Angel choose which movies it Green Lights and you'll get two free tickets to see King of Kings. And every single theatrical re release from Angel Studios is a great deal. Get two free tickets to see King of Kings and join the Angel Guild as a premium member at angel.com/megan. Take your kids to a truly wonderful movie this Easter season and be a part of making family entertainment great again, angel.com/megan.


The media is broken for decades, big cable and legacy media filtered information to hide the truth. But thanks to podcasts like the one that you're listening to and new media around this country, the truth can break through providing voices and views that legacy outlets we know well will not air. But big Cable still has a major way of controlling information access. They do this by limiting access to something called Spectrum. The invisible airwaves that power affordable wireless internet. And by forcing you to keep their bundles, the old cable package bundle, keeping independent media out of reach. Trump and Republicans in Congress have a huge chance right now to get this right by making more spectrum available and breaking the big cables stranglehold on your information. Tell your senator or representative to work with President Trump and sell more spectrum so everybody can keep listening to shows like this. The Me Kelly Show. Go to end the cable ly.org to learn more. It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves.


Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past porting spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


I am Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Welcome back to the Megan Kelly show back with me. With me now. Anna Kasper of the Young Turks. So comedian Bill Burr goes to an event for Conan, for Conan at the Kennedy Center. And this is just the other night. And Conan O'Brien and he gets asked on the red carpet, a couple of political questions by random reporters. Bill Barr has, Burr has made multiple political comments before this moment. But look, the man acts like he's had a bad case of amnesia. He doesn't know why on earth they'd be speaking to him about politics. Watch, Tell us about your reaction to Luigi mania, his reading up, You know, that perhaps you've been supportive of what he did.


What is your take on that? If you were reading up? I don't think you read up on it. 'cause I said what I felt about it and I said what a lot of people said. So people took it that way. So could you clarify No. What you Think? No, I'm not gonna just have some controversial moments so you can get clicks. I'm not doing that. I mean I'm here to, for con it. I'm not, I'm not doing all of this. You said about Elon that he was ruining earth. I saw on the view you're critical of him. What do you think of all the boycotts, like even the violence Going, I that's going the going on a Tesla don't news. I don't watch the news. I have no idea what's going on. I watch Instagram, I watch people wipe out on motorcycles. I watch lions and hyenas fight each other. This is the things that I do. You're a journalist. Well, comedians are on top of current events. You're No, no, that's, that's weak.


That's you guys passing the buck. You guys need to have balls again, which you don't. You guys always goes, should we be thinking this? Duh. You guys present stuff like that. You, you guys used to have balls, you need to, you need to get your balls back. Okay. He's not into politics. He doesn't wanna comment on news in response to which I have this to say. Sure, Jan. Okay, here's just one example on the two topics he was asked about that we found in about 10 seconds. Watch. But CNN and Fox News are not gonna bring up the insurance companies that are just gonna keep everybody's premiums and still give themselves a bonus. Yes. Free Luigi.


I love how they acted. Surprise. I don, why did that happen? I have no, I he wrote on the bullets why it happened. Oh, we're back to Luigi. Okay. Yeah, yeah. I never left Luigi, why does Elon Musk dress like he just got out of a hot topic. Just I am, I'm so sick of that guy trying to rewrite his origin story like he was Matthew McConaughey pulling into the high school. It's like you were a nerd. Nobody bangs you and now you have hair plugs and, and your laminated face. Okay, this, I like Jimmy Fallon, he's a sweet guy. I can speak to that personally, but the over laughter in response to things that aren't that funny is not a good way, that's a bad tick anyway.


What do you make of Bill burrs suddenly? I guess what? He doesn't wanna talk politics anymore. I found his jokes a little funny, but I'll say this. He saw the new, he saw the mike flag. It was the Newsmax mike flag and he didn't wanna give him anything. That's all that was. He just didn't want to give them anything to, to broadcast. You know, maybe he doesn't trust them. Maybe he thinks they're gonna take him outta context, who knows? But to me it was clear he didn't wanna speak to conservative media. Well, back to the earlier point we were making there, You know, there are, try, try living, You know, life in my shoes, Elon's shoes, You know, anybody named Trump's shoes? It's like that's all you get.


Is it adversarial media with a mic in your face? Right? It's like, why wouldn't you say that's, isn't that who he needs to confuse or con convince right of his points? Isn't that the group watching Newsmax, that he wants to get his message in front of more than anyone about Luigi? Yes. And what sympathetic character he is. I think there's this mistake made by a lot of folks on the left and, and I wanna be clear about how wrong they are. So I get that media representing the other side might be adversarial. They might ask you provocative questions, But I actually think there's a lot of value speaking to them. Not because you're trying to win the host over or the reporter over, but because you are sharing your message and your beliefs with an entirely new audience that may not have heard the arguments that you are making.


It's not about the big public figures that you're talking to. You're not gonna win them over. That's clear. But you are sharing a message with half the country that might not have otherwise heard that message. So it's, look, do you wanna persuade people or not? And if you're not interested in persuading people, that's fine. But I would venture to say that if you are in the public making political arguments, the reason why you're doing it is to persuade people. What's the point of just preaching to the choir and just talking to people in your echo chamber? It's more effective to talk to people you disagree with. This is one of the reasons why I just sat down with the New York Times and this and the desire for votes is the reason Kamala Harris went on Fox News with Brett Bear, which was real.


We watched it with our own eyes. Didn't go particularly well. But I bring her up because I have to ask you about a report that just hit from courtesy of, was it, let's see, it's real Clear. Investigations Lee? Yes, yes. Lee Fong. And he revealed that all those brat videos. We, God, how many do we have? One, we'll just show one. Here's a remix. 24. My mother used to, she would give us a hard time sometimes and she would say to us, I don't know what's wrong with you young people. You think you just fell out of a coconut tree. You exist in the context. I guess it makes of all in which you live and what came before you.


These Are just videos of her hysterical laughing and now dancing. This is the rebranding of Kamala Harris. I love Venn diagrams. Oh God, I really do. I love Venn diagrams. And what Lee Fong has found is that all of that was bought and paid for influencers who flooded the web with Neon Ma Matcha Green Pro Harris videos synced to beats from singer Charlie Xc X's album brat last year were quietly funded, quoting here by an elusive group of Democrat billionaires and major donors in an arrangement designed to conceal the payments from voters according to real clear investigations, obtained internal documents and WhatsApp messages from democratic strategists behind the influencer campaign way to win one of the major donor groups behind the efforts.


Spent more than 9.1 million on social media influencers during the 24 presidential election. Payments revealed here for the first time. It's amazing. I mean, I'm not, I'm not sure we thought it was organic, but what we're learning more and more is that any piece of praise she got was either purchased or given under duress by people like Barack Obama. Hmm. Well, You know, it's, it's interesting because I do think both sides of the political aisle do this to some extent. You know, it's, it's an effort to kind of make the candidate appear more popular than they really are. And it has a bandwagon effect, right? Where some voters who might not, might not be as politically engaged, will see this man manufactured popularity, but they won't know it's manufactured and they'll think, well, a lot of people like this guy or this gal.


So I'm gonna cast my ballot for that individual. But I think things have changed in our political environment where people are a lot more engaged because there's a lot on the line. You know, they have a stake in the game, whether it's the economy or something else. I just think that the Democrats being obsessed with that billionaire money is what has led to them being failures in the political system. They need to listen to the voters and ignore the billionaires and that's how they actually bolster their popularity as opposed to doing whatever it was that Kamala was up to. I, I mean, it's really unclear. It reminds me of when I was in high school, we had a high school sorority and you had to wear this very silly outfit for the whole scrub week of like your pants rolled up above your knees and a white polo shirt just hanging and tube socks pulled up high.


And by the end of that week, some gals like who were younger in high school who didn't know any better, started wearing that outfit because they actually thought it had caught on because all these girls were, yep, that's what, that's what people who spread the lie, Kamala is brat. That's what happened to you. You bought the campaign as real hook, line and sinker and now should feel somewhat embarrassed and go back to your normal tree torn sneakers and palmetto jeans with the stripes in the front. Anna, a pleasure again, I hope you'll come back. Thank you. Pleasure speaking with you. Ah, we'll see you soon. And we are back tomorrow with Mike and Dave talking about the political legal issues.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past porting spectrum for their intrusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.