
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual, Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East.


Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show and today's MK Media bonus episode. We have three shows now launched as part of our MK Media Network all within the past four weeks, and thank you for making them all a huge success. I know that's our audience and I am grateful to you because I know you love these guys and you're giving them a chance and I think that's awesome. Today we are bringing you some highlights from MK Media This week. First up is next up with Mark Halprin. Mark, as you know, is a very fair objective reporter in a sea of liars, and this week he proved it again, going in depth on his knowledge of Joe Biden's cognitive decline going back to 2017 in the wake of the new book from Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson.


Launching this week was our latest offering. That's spot on with Link. Lauren is crushing it on the apple charts and Link launched his show with a hilarious deep dive dissection of Dylan Mulvaney like only he can. And then there's the nerve with Maureen Callahan, which is on fire already over 100,000 subscribers on YouTube. That's amazing. And this week she took on Harry and Meghan. We love Maureen and Harry and Meghan. Not to mention Taylor Swift and Blake Lively as only Maureen can. This has been my new greatest guilty pleasure. I just love listening to Maureen rip on these people. I think You can relate. So go and check it out right here. Got a little sample of all three and we'll see you again on this show on Monday.


If you haven't heard about Riverbend Ranch, it's time you did. They have just introduced their Riverbend Ranch stakes to the marketplace. Riverbend Ranch raises their beef on beautiful mountain meadows, only a few miles from West Yellowstone. Unlike most ranches, Riverbed Ranch never uses growth hormones or antibiotics. They treat their animals humanely and with respect. There are advantages of buying directly from the ranch. They can track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. Riverbend Ranch has its own state-of-the-art processing facility on the ranch that has received several national awards as one of the best in the us, but most important is the quality of the beef. They age their beef to perfection for 21 days. You simply cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store, shipped directly from the ranch to your home. You get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from riverbend ranch.com. Use promo code Megan to get 20 bucks off your first order. That's a riverbend ranch.com code, Megan, and be prepared once you taste it, I think you're gonna be coming back for more. Again, that's riverbend ranch.com code Megan.


And next up for us is my hope that my people in my profession, in the media can do a better job. The credibility of the media is vital to our our country. And today we're gonna look at a case study, an example of an area that's I think indicative of where we are. It's a new book, original Sin, and it's a book by two journalists. One is a guy named Alex Thompson, who was one of the most energetic and aggressive reporters in covering Joe Biden's mental decline. And the other author is a guy named Jake Capper who's an anchor at CNN. And what I wanna do today is to explain to you why this book represents a crisis and maybe maybe an opportunity for the American media to regain credibility with the public.


This goes back to the question of Joe Biden's mental decline. And I continue to laugh when I hear people say we didn't know and it was, we only had a hint of it, or we saw it in the debate, but not before. That's something reporters sometimes say, and a lot of democratic officials say it's a, it's a farce. So I've covered Joe Biden and know Joe Biden for pretty much my whole career. And in 2017, just after he left the White House, he had a book out and he was on a book tour and I saw him do a book event. Very friendly interviewer, big crowd. And he was a train wreck. He was glassy-eyed. He had trouble following the conversation. He talked to Dauntingly again, this is 2017, long before he ran for president in 2020.


And I said after the event, thank goodness Joe Biden's out of the out of office, thank goodness he's no longer gonna be in public life, and how could his family and his advisors possibly let him go on a book tour when he was in no position to be on a public stage 2017. Now, I'm not a doctor, I know Joe Biden decently well, but I'm, I'm I, plenty of people who know him better. I couldn't believe he ran for president in 2020. And so to me, his mental decline was apparent in 2017. And now what you have is a bunch of people who say it was only apparent to them on the day of the debate in the 2024 campaign. The reason this new book is causing such an uproar, even though it's not out until next week, is because the book purports to explain the coverup inside the White House, the coverup inside the White House of Joe Biden's mental decline.


I don't understand how there could be a coverup of something that was on television on a nearly nightly basis in in either Joe Biden's performance, which was uneven. There were times when he was fine. We've all seen people with mental decline. We know that sometimes things are better than others, but it was on TV every night and in 2020 and 2024, it was also on TV when Joe Biden wasn't there. He was not visible. And the ability to have credibility to cover presidents was undermined significantly from 2024 back to 2019, at least Today, Donald Trump, there's so many things that need scrutiny. His acceptance of this airplane, the his family's business dealings in the Middle East with the very monarchies that he's meeting with on this trip, I could go on for those in this country who say the press is not doing a tough enough job scrutinizing Donald Trump.


I agree the press should always be super tough, but what's happened is because of what the way they covered Joe Biden, the press has lost credibility with the public. So why is this significant today? This news of this new book has come leaking out two news organizations reporting on it. One is The Guardian, which got a copy of the book, and they report that a lot of Democrats are very unhappy that Joe Biden kept running and he should have gotten out of the race and that, and that there was efforts to cover up for him. Another report from Alex Thompson who now writes for Axios, he wrote for Politico previously says that there was discussion within the Biden camp of perhaps him Biden needing a wheelchair, but he couldn't use a wheelchair during the campaign.


And that if he won reelection there was talk, he would use it then. That's interesting. Those are interesting things. I don't doubt, I don't doubt either of those things aren't true, but it's this question of accountability, this question of did reporters do everything they could to hold Joe Biden and his team accountable for his obvious decline? Few interviews, few press conferences, few public appearances, doing things in public, not every day, but often that showed obvious mental decline. This wasn't something for insiders to know or whisper about the terms of the coverup war, but the fact of Biden's decline was not a secret and the public saw it. So these two guys have now written this book, okay.


And their publisher aware of the criticism that's already come their way saying, how can you write a book after the election about a coverup that we all saw with our own eyes during the campaign, made a video, a publisher making a video? Not that common. Here's a bit of the video they made trying to establish the bonafides of the two authors, Mr. Thompson and Mr. Tapper, that they were on this from the beginning. Will you pledge that if you're elected, you will be transparent about your health? Yes. All facets of your health with urgency so that we know. Yes. One poll shows that almost two thirds of Democratic voters want a new nominee in 2024. And the top reason they gave was your age.


You know, that's not a good number for, for President Biden. Two thirds of the American people say he's not sharp enough to be president. Yeah, I mean, how can you use the bully pulpit when you don't have a bully? You can put in the Pulpit. Okay, so you're part of the 23% of adults who is not, who are not concerned about the president's ability to be president because of his agent stamina. I mean, I know incumbents in general are not popular right now, but do you ever think maybe we should have a new candidate? There's a little Bit of denialism with the president. This is a particularly bad week for this report and its comments about President Biden's faculties and his memory to come out because twice this week he has acted as if he, in 2021, spoke to European leaders who have been dead for years.


Part of the job a president is the the having the confidence of the American people in your faculties. The White House's Response every single time has come out for three and a half years has been to deflect, to gaslight, to not tell the truth, not just to reporters, not just to other Democrats, but even at times to themselves. So you saw, and if you're listening on the podcast, you heard there are two voices. One is, is Alex Thompson, who was an aggressive reporter, as aggressive as almost any reporter in trying to figure out what was going on with Joe Biden's mental acuity and how his team was handling it. And then you heard the voice of Jake Tapper and the publisher did as good a job as it could to find clips of Jake Tapper seeming to be at least interested in the topic of Joe Biden's mental decline.


So we thought, well what are the counter counters to that? Because I, I know that no one at CNN was particularly aggressive about this and I, I had no indication from my memory that Jake Tapper was aggressive. So we went and looked at the full appearances, the full segments in which Jake Tapper was in, which EC clips were pulled for that publisher video to ask ourselves did the full clips demonstrate that j capper in attitude and determination and focus was in real time during the campaign, during Biden's presidency? Interested in getting to the bottom of this? So let's look at some of the clips from the publisher video, but beyond what they chose to include here is Joe Biden's interview with Jake Tapper in 2022.


You're About to turn 80 next month. Happy birthday ahead of time. Whenever anyone raises concerns about your age, you're the oldest president in the history of the United States. You always say, watch me. Voters have been watching you. Democratic voters approve of the job you're doing. Democratic voters overwhelmingly like you. But one poll shows that almost two thirds of democratic voters want a new nominee in 2024. And the top reason they gave was your age. So what's your message to Democrats who like you, who like what you've done, but are concerned about your age and the demands of the job? Well, they're concerned about whether or not I can get anything done. Look what I've gotten done. Name me a president in recent history that's gotten as much done as I have in the first two years.


Not a joke, you may not like what I got done, but the vast majority of the American people do like what I got done. So he wished some happy birthday. He asked them about one poll. He's not asking him about what was already on on in evidence then, which is mental decline. He's simply saying there's a poll that says Democrats don't like you. So I look at that and I say, that's not the way I would've asked it. That's not a guy who was determined to get beyond just asking about a poll. That's a guy who was wanna wish that president a happy birthday. Alright, here's another clip. This is again from another interview that the public, another appearance the publisher included. This is the White House press secretary and Jake Tapper asking her a question. Again, this is from the same segment that the publisher used to prove that Jake Tapper was serious about getting to the bottom of this coverup.


That's what I'm saying. That's the 77% who are concerned. No, No, no. But I've, I've had conversations with some of your colleagues in the White House Press Corps when we travel abroad, how it is hard for us to keep up with this president who is constantly, constantly working every day to get things done and making sure that we are delivering for the American people. And that's what, and I think that's what matters. I get it. I get what you're asking me, but the record matters too, Jake, what he's been able to do. No other president has been able to do it. If you look at his legislative record and That matters. What did the White House do to try to control the press to keep them from asking a compliant and compliant press? One is they privately called them and browbeat them and said, do not cover this.


If you cover this, you'll be cut off. I don't know if they did that to Jake Capper or not, but they also did what she did there in public. They said things that were ridiculous. Oh, he runs circles around us. He's tireless. I mean, look at his schedule. That inter, by the time that interview had occurred, there were many instances of the president having a very light schedule on overseas trips, canceling events with foreign leaders. They say, well he always did his job, but he did his job great. No, he canceled events and he had a very light schedule. So here again, he asked the proforma question, she bats it away with one of their usual lines of spin. Oh, he's so energetic. He runs circles around the younger staff. There's no evidence of it. It's a made up piece of spin.


And he seemed to accept it there. Here's another example, again, drawn from a same appearance that the publisher used to prove that Jake Tapper was tough. And this is with another Biden spokesperson, Kate Bedingfield, who by the way was a CNN consultant. So she's being paid by CNN to spin for Joe Biden with her colleagues with whom she shares a green room and everything else. This is from February of 2024, shortly before everything went south for Joe Biden. So this memory issue is already out there, But I wanna know how many voters in Michigan, Wisconsin you think know the difference between No, no, They don't know but they, but they know In somebody are gonna cast their vote.


Well, you asked, you asked, sorry. Okay. Or are gonna cast their vote for president based on whether someone is naming Emmanuel Macron or Fran Francois Mi. They might, whose name they probably don't even know. Here is perhaps the biggest tell of all. If you are a reporter and you are determined to get to the bottom of this, if you think there may be a coverup at the highest levels of the government, a potential constitutional crisis, you would not treat Biden officials with humor or lightness. You would be tough and determined to get to the bottom of it. You don't ask about in the context of polls, which is the way he mostly asked about it, you don't accept spin that voters don't care if you really are concerned about getting to the bottom of this. You ask the question, and this is, it's so funny I even have to say this.


You ask the question about specific incidents and how they would explain it. And the one I always come back to is when there was an event in honor of a congresswoman who had passed away and Joe Biden tried to speak to her as if she were alive in there. Okay, that's not confusing. The names of two European leaders that's not knowing which way to walk off the stage. That's not having your first public event at noon, that's not not doing events at night, that is right in plain sight. And to ask about it the way he did in that appearance and to accept her spin that voters don't care. Again, welcome to do it if that's what you wanna do. But to do that and then write a book saying I'm I was determined to get to the bottom of it.


This is what is a, this is, and I don't mean to, to just pick on Jake Tapper, but he's the one who wrote the book. This is where every reporter, practically every reporter is. They engaged in the lightest questioning, the lightest possible questioning and then accepted the bullying, accepted the spin. And again, again, they acted as if now Jake Tapper's acting as if he had been determined to get to the bottom of it. Alright, this is from 2020, okay? Right before the 2020 election, Laura Trump, president Trump's daughter-in-law didn't interview with Jake Tapper and watch how indignant he gets at the mere suggestion that Joe Biden, who's doing his Delaware basement campaign, has suffered mental decline.


Please roll 1 0 9. Every time he comes on stage or they turn to him, I'm like, Joe, can you get it out? Let's get the words out. Joe, you kind of feel bad for him. How do you think it makes little kids with stutters feel when they see you? Make a comment like that. First and foremost, I had no idea that Joe Biden ever suffered from a stutter. I think what we see on stage with Joe Biden, Jake is very clearly a cognitive decline. Okay? That's what I'm referring to. It makes me uncomfortable. You, you are no, to watch somebody on stage search this. So it's so amazing to me that that, And try and figure out an answer, A cognitive decline. But When you're trying to tell me that what I was suggesting was a stutter stutter, I think you were mocking his stutter, Joe.


Yeah, I think you were mocking his stutter and I think you have absolutely no standing to diagnose somebody's cognitive decline. I would think that somebody in the Trump family would be more sensitive to people who do, do not have medical licenses diagnosing politicians from afar. Plenty of people have diagnosed your father from afar, and I I'm sure it offends you, your father-in-law from afar. I'm sure it offends you. You don't have any standing to say, I'm not diagnosing him. What I'm saying, James, you just Talked about a cognitive decline That Joe Biden is, I wanna ask question for you, Laura, are You can times On stage and it's very concerning to a lot of people that this could be the leader of the free world. Okay, that is all I'm saying. I genuinely thank you, Laura.


Feel sorry for Joe. I appreciate it. I'm sure. Yeah, So indignant cuts off the interview. She's not a doctor. Jake's not a doctor. I'm not a doctor, but I talked to a lot of doctors in 20 17, 20 18, 20 19, 20 20, 20 21, 20 22, 20 23, 20 24. And many of them said, look, I don't usually diagnose people from afar, but obviously there's mental and cognitive decline. He criticized her and cut her off and I, I think was a little rude to her in with indignity saying, how dare you say that you're in a position to say the guy has mental decline. Well, guess what? Now that Jake Capper Hass written a book about this, he says right in the publicity material for the, for the book, that there was this mental decline that was so apparent and that there was this big coverup in the White House.


Now I give them credit for pointing out the coverup in the White House because that was not aggressively covered because anytime anyone tried to do it, they were threatened and bullied and spun in public and most reporters just gave up. But you cannot be part of restoring the credibility of the media to cover Donald Trump aggressively. If your posture is, oh, we did nothing wrong. We aggressively covered it, or worse, in some ways we didn't even see it. How could we have seen it? We didn't. We weren't in these private meetings. The coverup was so intense. I'll say again, Joe Biden's decline was not uniform. There were days when he was just fine. So republicans who say he was a hundred percent gone and weekend at Bernie's and someone else was running the government.


That's not true. But his decline was pronounced. There's a reason why he had a light schedule. He didn't talk to reporters. And there's a reason why all these things that happened in public that we all saw were ignored by the press. 'cause they didn't want to help Donald Trump win. They didn't want to be blamed if he won. Again, it's, it's one of the most embarrassing things I've seen. So this morning I'm reading Politico, their daily tip sheet, the ho the the the Politico playbook. And this is what they write. And and it's amazing to me that this is still being, this still the way the press which defended and protected Joe Biden is framing things. For what it's worth, Biden has continued to deny any suggestion that he experienced cognitive decline while in office.


They're wrong. The former president said in an interview last week on the View, there is nothing to sustain that. I mean, I get letting Joe Biden have his say, but for what it's worth, Joe Biden has continued to deny any suggestion he's experienced cognitive decline as, I mean, how could they write that? How could they, how could they credit that? It makes no sense. But it's the mindset that most every reporter, not Alex Thompson, but his co-author, and again, almost every reporter that's now being asked to, with the authority and the responsibility of covering Donald Trump to be, to be responsible for that. It's the same line. So Jake tapper his book coming out in a week.


Here he is this morning on CN creating a whole new set of realities. Watch this. You you have an entire White House press corps though, following him around and, and I'm just curious as to whether or not this kind of trying to hide what was happening with the president at the time had an impact on the Press Corps. Like why didn't we hear some of these details from what they actually saw and and were dealing with trying to get information? Well, Alex Thompson and I were on the case as were lots of other reporters trying to figure out what was going on behind the scenes. But the bottom line is the White House was lying not only to the press, not only to the public, but they were lying to members of their own cabinet.


They were lying to White House staffers. They were lying to Democratic members of Congress to donors about how bad things had gotten. And in fact, Alex and I started writing this book after the election of 2024, and we spoke with more than 200 people, most of whom, almost all of whom were Democrats, and almost all of whom wouldn't be honest with us or wouldn't be candid with us until after the election. And then after the election, we found out all of these things that when you looked at what was going on with President Biden at the time, it probably doesn't surprise you the extent to which he was deteriorating. But now we have anecdotes and facts about what was really going on behind the scenes with details that Democrats wouldn't share with us until after election day.


Alright? Again, amazing true. Here's something true that he said that Jake Taper said on CNN this morning. True that there was a coverup that senior Biden officials worked very hard to cover up as much as they could, his decline, including amongst other people in the government and in the campaign. That's true. Here's two things that are not true, okay? And this is where the credibility is so important that people be honest, I shouldn't be the only one in the media being honest about this. It's bizarre. Okay? One thing that's not true is that you needed, that the coverup is, was so good that no one could see this, that we couldn't possibly have gotten to the bottom of this during the election.


Again, it makes me mental. It was clear, I saw it with my own eyes in 2017 at a public event with hundreds of people. You saw it almost every day. Not every day, but almost every day. Both in what he did and the fact that he had such a limited schedule. So it is not true that it's only after the election that Jake Tapper could have gotten to the bottom of this and the rest of the Washington Press court could have gotten to the bottom of it. The other thing that's not true is that the press is blameless because they were more than just stymied in the telling of j Tapper. They were stymied from getting to the truth. No, they weren't. They were part of the conspiracy and the coverup. They allowed themselves to believe that ridiculous spin on TV in public and privately.


They allowed themselves to be browbeat. I know reporters, again, I said before, I don't know that Jake Papper was browbeat by Biden folks, but I know reporters who were, they were told you will lose access. The New York Post lost access because they covered the Hunter Biden story. Reporters who covered any story the Biden people didn't like were denied access to sound familiar, A White House denying access to the press when they don't like what's written or said, this is a crisis. The book's gonna come out, conservatives online are already criticizing it along the same lines I am, but this should not be a red blue thing where the Democrats pretend that the book is on the up and up and the press pretends the book is on the up and up and they're criticized by red people on acts and elsewhere.


That shouldn't be the way this goes because the true story, the true story of what happened, whatever the book reveals about the coverup within the administration, the true story is that that video that the publisher put together to try to show Jake Capper in the best light, the best light about how aggressive he was before the election, that's wheat tea, but it becomes even more watered down when you show the full context of what he said in those very appearances and elsewhere, people treated it like a political story, like a polling story, like a partisan story. That's not what this was. If you want an America where the press court can hold Donald Trump accountable, he's the current president, hold Donald Trump accountable.


You want an America where this book is an opportunity not for Jake Tapper to make money and his co-author to make money. It's an opportunity for the press. Every organization that participated in the coverup to come clean and to say what again is so obvious, I, I shouldn't have to say it. It was clear that Joe Biden had cognitive decline. It was clear that it was spun and covered up and and bullying tactics were used. It was clear that people who didn't say it aloud had a partisan interest in not saying it aloud. And that that included the media, which didn't say a word, not because they couldn't see it, but because they didn't want to be accused of helping Donald Trump win. I want this to be an opportunity to come clean because if we don't now, I'm not sure what other opportunity people will take.


It's not that hard. Be honest. Say what happened. Say what we all saw in countless videos, in countless presidential appearances. Say it because if we do, then we can do our jobs correctly and cover the current president with aggressively, aggressively and with the trust of the American people.


Securing a home with SimpliSafe is one of the easiest and most important decisions You can make. Arming the system ensures that your family and possessions are protected. Whether stepping out for the day or settling in for the night, this small action delivers something priceless. Peace of mind. SimpliSafe provides protection in a crisis with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out in the morning or when locking up each night, if someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents see and speak to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at around $1 a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash megan to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simply with an i safe.com/megan. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


Well, we must have stumbled into some bad luck because Dylan Mulvaney is back. I thought we left Dylan Mulvaney behind in 2023. The last time Dylan Mulvaney was famous, Joe Biden was still president, and honestly, he might have still known what day it was, but Dylan Mulvaney is back in the news and you'll never guess why Dylan Mulvaney is cosplaying. Melania Trump's New Year's Eve outfit from about six months ago. That's what Dylan Mulvaney is doing. Honestly, Dylan, you don't look that great. Now, at first I had no idea how Dylan Mulvaney ended up with Melania Trump's Versace dress from New Year's Eve. I thought, you know what? Maybe Melania Trump in her amazing iconic stylist, airier left it in a donation bin that Dylan and Mulvaney went to rummage through like a little raccoon.


That was my first theory. My second theory was this maybe Melania Trump. She's having so much fun on New Year's Eve at Mar-a-Lago. She goes up and tosses the dress off the tower at Mar-a-Lago into the bushes and Dylan Mulvaney like a little raccoon, takes a dress and runs off with it. But turns out that is not the case. Donatella Versace herself sent Dylan Mulvaney this iconic dress that our wonderful, beautiful first lady Melania Trump wore back on New Year's Eve. Now we have a picture of Donatella Versace. It's going to make you gag. Let's put it up right now. So when we look at this picture at first, I'm just gonna call it like I see it. That's why you guys come here.


We are kicking the show off with a bang. We've got Dylan Mulvaney, Donatella Versace. When I look at this picture, I can't tell who's transgender. I can't tell who's had more plastic surgery. Honestly. Dylan Mulvaney has had facial feminization surgery, gender transition surgery, hormones, Botox, you name it, and still looks like more of a woman than Donatella Versace, who is slowly morphing into Mickey Rourke. I don't think Donatella is gonna be sending me clothes after this episode, but nonetheless, who cares? I'll also say this, Dylan Mulvaney is not good for any brand. The fastest way to tank your brand is to have Dylan Mulvaney endorse it. We saw that with Bud Light, right? They sent Dylan Mulvaney all of these cans with his face on it, and immediately the stock started to plummet.


But I'm the type of person, because I call it like I see it because I'm fair. I actually somewhat defended Dylan Mulvaney and the Bud Light scandal. And let me tell you why. This is one of my first big viral videos. Some of you who've been with me for years, you might remember this. So Dylan Mulvaney was getting lambasted raked over the coals for this Bud Light scandal. And I said, you know what, bud Light, they're the ones who strayed from their core competencies, bud Light. They're the ones who decided to send all these cans to a man in a dress who mocks women for a living, because that's what Dylan Mulvaney does. That's how Dylan Mulvaney became famous. He was posting these videos saying, Ugh, I chipped a nail. I'm having a bad day. I Must be a girl. This is what womanhood is like.


My life has been so enriched by the strong women within it. There are strong, incredible women producing the show right now behind the camera. I can tell you Dylan Mulvaney knows absolutely nothing about womanhood. If he thinks it's makeup, lipstick, hair extensions, and dresses, that has nothing to do with real womanhood. I was raised by a strong independent woman. I can tell you that right now. Dylan Mulvaney is a joke. But Bud Light, they sent Dylan the cans. All Dylan was doing was collecting a check, doing a brand deal like every other influencer. Now, bud Light, most of the people who drink Bud Light, they are not transgender. They are not men in dresses. They're not cringeworthy influencers. But some dumb ass at Bud Light thought it would be a good idea to send Dylan Mulvaney those cans.


I actually think Versace this liberal, elite, high fashion institution, sending dresses to Dylan Mulvaney makes a little bit more sense. But what I don't understand is this Donna, tele Versace, she could send clothes to angel moms Warrior moms school teacher. Some of you out there would love to have a hair and make session, have someone come and bring you a fancy thousand dollars dress to put on for the day and go to a fabulous event. But Donna, tele Versace, she is telling you where her priorities lie, right? She doesn't care about the forgotten men and women of this country. She cares about this transgender influencer who makes a mockery of women every single day and then wants to cry and play the victim.


That's what Dylan Mulvaney does, right? Dylan Mulvaney tries to say, oh my God, everyone's so mean to me. Everyone's so harsh on me, Dylan, you have become rich and famous because you put a dress on. All right? People would love to do that. I wish I didn't have to work that hard. Ah, in my next life, we can all come back as Dylan Mulvaney and become rich and famous for doing absolutely nothing. Now, Dylan Mulvaney, he was praised by his fashion. He had think pieces written on him in vogue. But if you're a Republican, if you're a conservative, if you're a real woman who happens to be an independent and goes against the left wing doctrine, you are going to get attacked by the fashion elites. And that's what they did to First Lady Melania Trump. Just a few months ago in January in Vogue, they decided to denigrate her official White House portrait where she looks strong, she looks incredible, she looks like she's ready to take on the world, but vogue, they really had a problem with this.


We have a quote right here from the journalist Hannah Jackson. Let me read it to you. She said, Trump looked more like she was guest starring on an episode of The Apprentice than assuming the role of First Lady of the United States. Trump's clothing certainly didn't help the boardroom pastiche the choice to wear a tuxedo as opposed to a blazer or blouse made Trump look more like a freelance magician than a public servant. It's perhaps unsurprising that a woman who lived in a gold encrusted penthouse, whose fame is so intertwined with a reality television empire, would refuse to abandon theatrics. And when faced with 248 years of tradition, so this journalist, Hannah Jackson, let's put her up on the screen, right?


Let's put Hannah Jackson up on the screen. She has made a living tearing down beautiful conservative women who care about the children in our country. That's what Melania Trump is doing. She has the Take It Down Act. She's doing tons of incredible things, right? And the fashion literati, all of these liberals like Hannah Jackson, who live in their walk-up apartments in Bushwick and are miserable and just wanna tear down anybody they don't like. What they don't understand is this, if Melania Trump had a D next to her name, they would love her. The same thing with Usha Vance, right? The fact that Usha Vance happens to be a Republican. She happens to be married to JD Vance, they are going to tear her down because all of these people, they wanna preach feminism and acceptance and lifting women up.


They wanna preach about Roe v Wade and whine about the Dobbs decision. But when it actually comes to uplifting women who have an R next to their name and happen to be Republicans, conservatives, maga, even independents, no, no, no, no, no, they have no room for those women. And objectively, objectively speaking, I say this as a gay man, I can be objective. If we look at Joe Biden, Michelle Obama, and Melania Trump. Melania Trump is the most stunning first lady we've had in decades. Okay? I don't care what you wanna say, everybody. You can act like keyboard warriors. Melania Trump is the most stunning first lady we've had in decades. I also have to point out Vogue used to love Melania Trump before she was First Lady, before her husband got into presidential politics as a Republican, they would put Melania on the cover of Vogue.


Now, they're never gonna put her on the cover of Vogue as First Lady, which I think is an atrocity. Jill Biden has been on the cover of Vogue three times, and she looks like a street walker and her fishnet leggings and her leather skirts. That woman, Joe Biden, you look like a street walker on Houseton Street. I'm gonna be nice. I'm gonna be cordial. It's our first ever episode. I'm gonna have some decorum. We're here on Megan Kelly's network. I'm gonna have some decorum. I'll also say Michelle Obama. She's been on the cover of Vogue three times herself, and she looks like an utter calamity half the time. I don't know who is styling Michelle Obama. Maybe it's Stevie Wonder, but the fact that she's been on the cover evoke three times is crazy. And Melania has never been on the cover of Vogue once as First Lady.


So all of these liberal fashion literati folks who sit in their penthouse apartments, they can continue to tear down conservative women all they want. But Trump won the popular vote. He won 77 million votes from Americans. That's about half the country. Kamala Harris, she got her ass handed to her. She lost every single swing state President Trump won the house, the Senate, the electoral college. So all of these folks, they can turn their backs on half the country. They can denigrate half the women in this country. But even from a capitalistic standpoint, I don't understand what Vogue is doing. Why are you tearing down conservative women when you could be giving them a shot? Usha Vance, she's an Indian American.


She's the first Hindu second lady. If she had a D next to her name, if Usha Vance were a Democrat, they would have loved her. But that's why people aren't buying Vogue. That's why these magazines are going out of fashion, going out of style and shutting down. So to conclude and bring it all home, Melania Trump, she wears a dress on New Year's Eve. She's attacked. She's raked over the coals. They say her outfit is too scandalous. Why is she wearing that? As First Lady Vogue drags her, they say she's a freelance magician. They say, they say she's boardroom pastiche. Okay? That's what they say about Melania Trump. Dylan Mulvaney, a man puts on the same dress and is praised by the fashion literati.


Dylan Mulvaney puts on the exact same dress like when you order it online verse when it arrives in the mail. Dylan Mulvaney looks like the Alibaba Timo wish version of Melania Trump. Dylan, you wish you wish you had the fashion wherewithal of Melania Trump. You don't. You tried better luck next time. But Dylan Mulvaney puts on the exact same dress and is praised. Vogue is saying, Dylan looks incredible. They say, Dylan Mulvaney is opening doors for women. That's how far the feminist movement has come on the left. A man in a dress with balls. I don, I don't know, maybe he doesn't have balls anymore. We'll have to check in and get back to you on that one. But Dylan Mulvaney, a man is opening doors for women and breaking down barriers for women for putting on a thousand dollars dress and going out to a fancy highfalutin event.


All of you liberals are out of touch. Your cuckoo for Cocoa puffs. Like I said in the intro, I wish you well


This July. There's a global summit of Brix nations in Rio de Janeiro, the block of emerging superpowers or so they hope to be including China, Russia, India and Iran are meeting with the goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling it the real reset. As Brix nations push forward with their plans, some worry, global demand for US dollars could decrease bringing down the value of those dollars that are in your savings while this transition, if it happens, will not happen overnight. The Rio Reset could mark a pivotal moment. So learn if diversifying your savings into gold is right for you. Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA in precious metals. Claim your free info kit on gold by texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands, tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July and the Rio Reset. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Today.


It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


We're now in week two. Almost since that disastrous Prince Harry interview with the BBC, he lost a major court case. He sat in front of a reporter for the BBC, and he basically walked right up to alleging that the British royal family wants to kill him, Megan and probably his two innocent young children, but also that he would love to get back in. He would love to get back in, but he also just needs all of the security that this latest court ruling, once again denied him. Okay? Because he's not a working royal anymore by his own decision.


Okay? So the British taxpayers aren't gonna pay for this, and he's, he's so, so important. So this was a humiliation. And if you go and look at that interview on YouTube, You can see, I mean, the whole demeanor, his comportment, the way he's talking, like his mouth is like even smaller than usual. He can't get the words out. He's just completely, he uses the word devastated. He says, I'm devastated. That is a man who is fully emasculated if you ask me. Okay, so what does Megan do when things go wrong? Like really, really wrong? Like really, really, really bad. Megan does this. She puts on this face and everything's great.


Everything's great. In fact, things are better than they were before Harry's latest fuck up. Okay? So she took to Instagram where her likes and comments seem to be permanently disabled to brag about having been at Beyonce's show the night before with that Man, Harry, remember, never forget that man who loves me so much. So of course now this is a carousel, right? Because we have to experience like all of her emotions and, and her winning, her constant winning. So she begins this post in the most banal, cliched way possible, okay?


She begins this post with the following three words about last night. Like everybody uses that. Like, it should be like, like whoever runs Instagram's, you know, it's not Mark Zuckerberg, but whoever, like that should just be banned about last night. It's not cute anymore, it's not funny, whatever. Okay? So of course she uses the most hackney trite thing she can because she has not, as I've said, an original freaking thought in her head. So first we're going to see Meghan standing at the Beyonce show, and I think in this one she might be wearing Harry's hat. Yeah, okay, she's wearing, now the hat is gonna come into play later.


Now look at, first of all, I want you to take this all in because every single thing is telling us something. And I want you to think about the ways in which she thinks she's showing us she and Harry are winning, but she's actually showing us that they are losing as ever. Okay? So that's that image. This is the next image. And this was also put, this was like the center photo on page six over the weekend in the Sunday paper. Look at just, just, just, I mean, look at the smiles, okay, they're having the best time. Next we're gonna look at Meghan dancing at the Beyonce show because you know, she's not just a royal in exile, she's like a cool royal in exile.


So she's dancing, she's letting loose, she's letting her hair down. Oh my God, you guys, she can't dance. She can't dance. Like she's barely moving for like, it's like Taylor, you know, Taylor Swift can't dance. So like, they usually make her just walk on stage, like, just like she's a supermodel. Like she walks over here and then she walks over there like Megan is like barely, barely like, she's like a robot. She's like, she's like dancing like a robot. Okay? Then next in her carousel, we see Harry kissing Meghan on the cheek because what is he doing if he's not showing that he's constantly a supplicant?


He's the help, he has to show that she's the adored one. And that's, by the way, in stark contrast to the two of them in New York City a couple of weeks ago at the time, 100 summit where she exited their vehicle and he went to grab her hand and she just like, PI have a stranger to hug. Get away from me. Peon. You disgusted me. Okay, next, Megan, with friends again, I don, who are these people? Like, I don't re I don't recognize any of them from the Netflix show with love. Megan. Like, where's Daniel? The makeup artist? Where's Mindy Kaling? Who are these? Who are these no names that I, I don't rec notice. Okay? Again, they're not, she's not with celebrities.


Okay? These, I don't know who these people are. And then we're going to take a look at an, okay, here is, is this video of Beyonce and Meghan clapping together. How did I, can this be right? No, they're not together. Of course not. Megan's just having a moment. Okay? And then let's see, there's another picture of her and Harry. It's a selfie. Nobody cares. The hat is what I want to get to the hat. So the hat she was wearing, which we are informed who's Harry's? You guys look at this thing, okay? She's got stencil inside the brim of the hat on, on the underside of the brim of the hat, which would be again, Harry's Archie in all capital letters, like block letters underneath that Lily all block letters and underneath that, my love, my love, not Meghan, but you know, hearkening to the Jamie Carma interview that she did like two weeks ago where she sighed theatrically because there's no other kind of Meghan Markle side, but at theatrical sigh, ah, that man, you know, and she, she's telling us he comes in after she has torn herself away from her two children for a moment of respite and, and she goes into an adjoining room where she now misses them so much she has to start scrolling through her phone to look at photos of them even though they're in the next room.


And Harry walks in and he says, my love, can't you just give yourself a break? So you know, and okay, what this hat shows is not only I, I think Harry's balls, I think she like waited them down with like some concrete per the Sopranos and like threw them in a body of water and they're gone. That's it. This guy's fully emasculated and that's her showing us the way she's got control of him and how much he adores her. And it also shows us that Meghan is not what she purports to be and so badly wants to be. She thinks she's like the cool royal, the American easy breezy, California cool royal with a wellness brand or a food brand.


Like when it's like she's not cool, okay? There is zero about that hat and everything else about in that Instagram post that is cool. And you know, I'm not saying cool is the cost of entry for everything. It's certainly not, but authenticity sure as fuck is. And you know what runs on a dual track with authenticity, often you're cool, okay? Because you don't really give a shit. And her problem is she gives way too much of a shit. Hence that post. Now look at the caption because she then says like, thanks to Beyonce and team for a wonderful night. Okay? So this caption, what's not in this caption is telling us everything, okay?


First of all, look at where they're seated. They're not in a VIP box, okay? This is an Oprah with her astronaut friend in bedazzled, blue jeans Gale in a VIP section at Beyonce's show. Okay? So she got tickets either on StubHub or, or someone called someone in Beyonce's camp and they were like, okay, just throw her a bone. But they're up there. They're like in the midsection of this torch, by the way, is flopping all over the place. So it's not like it's a hard ticket to get. Okay? Then she says, thanks, thanks to Beyonce and her team for a great night. She doesn't say thanks to Beyonce for hooking us up.


Thanks to Beyonce's team for making sure h and i or that man and I had everything at our fingertips and didn't want for a moment. We had a personal concierge, I had a personal bathroom. She's not saying any of that. Okay? So she's trying to make it seem like she and h are like super tight with Beyonce and Jay and her and like think ahead. Okay, Megan, think ahead for once the Diddy trial is underway in New York City as we speak. I think Jay Z, Jay, Jay Z, whatever. I think he's got a few concerns, okay? So maybe you don't wanna be adjacent to them, maybe you don't.


Okay? So they try to put this happy face on this. But then Sunday, Sunday, you guys, this still photo emerges of Harry who has just finished whining. Okay? Look at this photo. He is in London on his own. This looks like morning light to me. Early morning light, a ring camera. He's got, well he's on his cell phone and a ring camera has caught him buzzing someone's townhouse. The trash cans in the background on, there's one for recycling it looks like, and one for trash, but they're trash cans. Again, I miss Andy Warhol deeply.


This is like one of the best celebrity we, we are just we're. It's an abundance of riches. So this guy who just got finished moaning to the world that he needs 24 7, like Mossad level security when he goes to the UK because he's that important is caught wandering around a London neighborhood alone in what looks like frankly last night's suit knocking on random doors. There is no security anywhere in sight anywhere. So, which is it, Harry? Now the official line that came out, and I don't think it was like from Harry per se, but like his camp, was that he was merely looking for a, a friend of his and his wife who used, who lived in that neighborhood.


And that was the last known address he had for them. And so clearly, if this story is true, which I doubt and we'll get into why I think that, that the only other explanation would be like these two left no forwarding address for him. Okay, location unknown. They're in the equivalent of the Aristos Witness protection program from Harry and his terrible wife, Megan. Now, I don't believe that story is true because I saw a lot of online speculation that this is behavior that will say a hard partier would exhibit. And as I disclosed once when I was on Megan Kelly's show, like I've never done hard drugs in my life.


I'm, I was maybe offered cocaine twice in my life. And I was like, I, I don't want it. Thank you. And by the way, like friends of mine later told me it's a great thing you never tried it because you probably would've loved it because all cocaine makes you wanna do is talk. And I love to talk as you know, so I probably would've wound up in rehab like more than once. Anyway, they're saying this speculation online, which kind of tracks to me is that like he had a long, long night with people who were kind of party buddies who he didn't really know well, but for the purposes of that evening, they had a lot of commonalities. And then he woke up somewhere and wasn't quite sure where he was, but he left something behind.


It obviously wasn't his cell phone 'cause he's on it, but he left something behind. But, so why not just call Megan? Because he can't, because he is fucked up yet again. So he can't call Megan can't call his daddy, can't call his brother or his sister-in-law. He can't really call any friends because he doesn't know where the fuck they are. 'cause they've all exited stage left years ago. I wonder who he really is trying to call. Anyway, so he left something behind and you know, his dignity is the least of it. Now, I would like to get to another news dump. They call it like a Friday news dump. When an outlet, a politician, a movie star announces something they, they hope will get buried as everybody just turns to their weekend and goes about their lives as we should.


But this one really affected me deeply. And I'm, I'm actually not being sarcastic because I am a, I am a deep, deep, deep abiding fan of the original Real Housewives of New York City, which has given us so much over the years. But on Friday, Bravo announced that they're canceling what we fans call Roni. Now the last two to three seasons, it was the reboot. It was only two seasons, no great loss. Of course they should have canceled it. It was terrible. They remade it. They fired the original cast. Huge mistake in my opinion, after George Floyd was murdered and everything was seen through a different lens.


And you know, they brought in a black housewife who, who's like was taking them up to Harlem and giving them lessons in African American history. That is not the show, okay? That is not the show. So they tried to reboot it with like all these very stiff women who were not part of the same social circle. There were no stakes, like high stakes. And, and these are, you know, things we're revisiting on this show is like actual friendship. Breakups are high stakes. And these women, the OGs of Roni were all real friends before they ever started shooting. Like most of like, they'd known each other for decades. So when cameras get involved and stardom gets involved and money gets involved and friendships begin to fracture, and marriages begin to fracture, like now we're talking like this is real conflict.


So I would like to pay tribute if I may to, and again, she wound up in Sunday's New York post as she should. She is a true star. One Countess Luann Deps, this woman is a legend. We were introduced to her when we were introduced to her lo those many years ago. She was a nurse or a nurse practitioner from Connecticut who had happened to marry like a minor royal. I mean these titles at this point, they're like honorary titles. They don't really mean anything. He was a count. I don't even remember what country he's from, but, so she went, she went by the Countess in on like the Upper East Side and like out in the Hamptons, it was like you, you couldn't call her Luann. She was the Countess.


Okay? You know, by season three, the Countess left her for a younger woman, it's all over page six, they've gotta sell the house in the Hamptons, she has what she calls an estate sale. That's what wealthy people call it. It's a tag sale, okay? She was getting rid of her stuff. She needed the money, she had to move in with another real housewife. But she, she has given us so much over the years, okay? Now post her divorce, she was dating around and like, as she should, like, she, she had no shame. You, she was like sex positive before that was even a thing in the culture. So watch Luann, just expertly defang, these two other uptight much younger housewives because they're all on vacation.


And Luann went out after they went home, got drunk, picked up a guy, brought him home. And these other two are like, how dare you party on vacation? Watch this. So Be cool, don't be all like uncool. Okay? Right there, a meme, A meme was born. A star was born. Okay? Next, again, this I love Luann for this. You know, alcohol takes many a housewife down and Luann will have her struggles after, you know, in the years after this moment. But when I saw this, I thought, you know, when you first are becoming friends with people or you're dating somebody and like they have one too many, like, that is like the moment where you know you're in or you're out because like, there are two kinds of drunks in the world.


Happy drunks and mean drunks. And that is when the true person comes out. Okay, Luann, I am happy to report was a happy drunk. Watch this. Oh my God, are you okay? You've fallen the bushes. Luann has drunkenly fallen in the bushes and she looks like a freaking supermodel doing it. Okay, goals. Goals, okay, next. So then Luann goes on to marry this guy named Tom who has been spotted by every housewife and every friend of a housewife out in the wilds of, of upper New York City.


Most usually at the Regency bar in Manhattan, making out with women who were not his fiance, Luann. But she goes ahead with the marriage, then the marriage falls apart. Like within a year she's humiliated. She begins drinking to cope, she gets arrested. It's epic. I I I can only tell you, go back and watch, like treat yourself. Okay? So here she is having been humiliated on a global scale, coming back to the show. I've been traveling, I've been to prison, and I just wanna be close to home. I've been traveling, I've been to prison, I just wanna be close to home. You know, that was the best thing that ever happened to her because she rebirthed herself as a legit cabaret star.


And if you wanna, you know, Meghan Markle could take a lesson in like getting back up after you have fallen down repeatedly in public. Take a lesson, okay? Get some humility. It'll never happen. But like, I would just like to say, Luann, we love you still. And I, I maintain hope that Bravo figures out a way to bring back a lot of those originals because they are un they, they are unparalleled. Okay, next I wanna go to this thing that's been leaking in the news that, so Kelly Clarkson is apparently done with her talk show. It's too grueling. She doesn't wanna do it anymore. Fine. Now there are all these leaks that like who's gonna get the job? Hoda Coat be who recently flossed out of the Today show, fourth hour with Jenna.


'cause she has job on television, except you gotta talk to Jenna, which is like pulling teeth 'cause she's not that bright. But you know, they gave Hoda like a month long farewell and like that. Like I kind of feel like that's kind of a fuck you because like you build that person up to basically you're saying to them, no one can replace you, Hoda. Well, guess what? Anybody can replace Hoda. Like, and they did. They replaced her. So now she's stuck like up in Westchester somewhere like taking her kids to school and like, it's boring. It's boring. She's in her sixties. So I think these leaks are coming from Camp Hoda who has nothing to say except stuff. Like, again, with Jamie Kely, like I'm on a different cosmic plane with Jamie Kern Lima.


She, that, that's all she talked about. Her podcast is called Making Space. Okay? So, you know, it's just like intellectually vapid and totally void. And who's gonna hire Hoda for this time slot. She's a good 20 years older than Kelly Clarkson. She can't have like any kind of conversation that's beyond like woo woo, self-affirming bullshit. I don't see it happening. Now Taylor Swift has been dragged into this Blake Lively lawsuit and she got word last week that she's going to be subpoenaed by Justin Baldoni, who? Blake Lively, her former best friend and Blake's husband, Ryan Reynolds are trying to take down, okay, they're trying to take this guy down And guess what his legal team does?


They're like, well fuck you. We're subpoenaing Taylor Swift. So Taylor Swift's lawyers issued like, like a, like a very lengthy statement. And I will spare you the legalese. It's I, I'll just get to the Taylor part of it, which is the 13-year-old mean girl part of it, which is like, I'm so betrayed, I'm so betrayed by Blake Lively. I'm like devastated. I can't believe she would do this to me. I had nothing to do with this. I'm completely floored her words. I've been exploited. Oh my God. Okay, so then Taylor and her rumored fiance, Travis Kelsey, were spotted and photographed out at a Mother's Day lunch for Travis's mom.


And when I tell you like people like Taylor Swift get photographed when they wanna be photographed, okay? And when people like Taylor Swift wanna go out and have a meal in complete privacy, they have people and it's not even just like an assistant, it's like a chief of fucking staff who calls like the restaurant and says, so-and-so's coming in, we need a private room. And like if she wants to be shot, she's gonna be shot by paparazzi, otherwise we need a back entrance, et cetera, et cetera. So when she's shot out, like with regular people at like a regular mid-priced American suburban restaurant, that is a message that she is sending, which is like, I'm innocent, I didn't do anything. Now I just wanna get to one other thing vis-a-vis Taylor, because you know Taylor Swift, you don't get to be this famous, this long mount, the most successful, profitable global musical tour in history, in history without gunning for it big time.


Okay? So I have dug out for you guys this email that her father Scott wrote. Okay, it's 20 years old, so she's 35 now. So she was around 15 years old when Scott Swift wrote this lengthy email and You can go look it up, it's part of a legitimate lawsuit that was brought against them by their, by Taylor's former manager, a guy named Daniel. I don't think I'm pronounced Dim tro DYM. Anyway, this email is like for days, it's you're, I'm dying. Okay? So he starts out, Dan, bear with me, I need to vent.


Okay? Now he starts by saying we are getting to a very important time in Taylor's career. And to keep in mind, quote, I am not quite the idiot that Andrea portrays me to be. Andrea is Taylor's mom, Scott's now ex-wife. Now he says, my clients do not want to hear how much stress I am under or what I have done or how much time I have spent copying videotapes and sending them out. When Taylor was 11, okay? These people were hustling. He says, Taylor will define your life's work, okay?


He goes on to say, now he's a financial advisor and he is bragging a lot about the money he makes for people and why like he needs to be taken seriously because he makes a lot of money for a lot of people who has made every single client listen to Taylor's latest song before we went over their financial plans. Are you kidding me? If my financial planner says, Hey, you gotta listen to my kid's demo tape before we can like address your very real concern. Like I'm, I'm like parachuting out of there immediately. Okay, now we're getting into the martyrdom part of this email, okay? Now keep in mind that remember when it was rumored that the Olson twins had, there was like a third Olson who like the Olson parents kept in the basement because they were like malformed or something and you know, it wasn't true, but Taylor has a brother named Austin and we never hear about Austin and we never see Austin and I kind of think this may be Austin's choice or he just got the message from his parents and Taylor that like he's a total afterthought.


And if Taylor needs an organ someday they'll call you back into this picture. But otherwise You can stay away. Okay? This is Scott who gets to go to New York, new England and every cool appearance, not dad can't fix hair, dad talks too much. Who pays for trips to New York? Dad, who makes sure and takes days off to make sure that whether it was radio, Disney, Britt's camp, I guess I'm guessing that's Britney Spears or any event that we had stuff to give away, CDs, Frisbees head shots. Who even thought to put that stuff together? Who blew up 500 beach balls on the roof for radio Disney? This sounds like hell Dad quote, we are go, it's Brittany, we are going to Brittany's camp, but you and Austen can't come.


That sounds like he's putting those words in the wife of his in the in, sorry, in the mouth of his ex-wife. Andrea. We are going to Brittany's camp, but you and Austin can't come. Okay? This email is unbelievable. Who gets to babysit? Austin? I guess that's Scott. Scott's gotta sit with the ringer of these two kids, not the star who at the last minute has to find some place to print CDs. You got it? Dad, who funds the whole process but does not get to come to the dance Dad. Oh my effing God. He says further as a financial planner, is it fair to Austin that Taylor is taking her half of the estate now? Probably not, but no problem because everybody in the Swift family is involved in making Taylor Swift fucking happen.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual.