
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET. MGM. Sportsbook. That's right. Not. just the highs. Woo, The, Os Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only. get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now. live across the D. MV bet MG M and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. There's so much to get to today. While the fallout over representative Nancy Mace's bathroom Bill continues. Congresswoman, A OC says, forcing men to use the men's bathrooms is disgusting. Okay. And The View is forced to read a hostage message after their legally dubious coverage of Matt Gaetz. It's the must see video of the day. Joining me now, Andrew Klavan, host of the Andrew Klavan Show over at the Daily Wire.


Andrew's also a prolific author, and his most recent book is a mystery novel titled A Woman Underground.


This holiday season, millions of Families across America will rely on credit card rewards to visit their loved ones. But according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition DC politicians are trying to pass a bill that would lead to the end of credit card rewards. They say the Durban Marshall credit card bill would mandate credit cards run on alternative networks, not the trusted and stable ones you probably use today. And there's no guarantee that the convenience, zero liability, fraud protection, and rewards programs You know will remain. The Electronics Payments Coalition says Corporate mega stores will make more money while you sacrifice your payment, convenience, rewards, and peace of mind. Find out more@guardyourcard.com and consider telling Congress to guard your card and to oppose the Durban Marshall credit card bill. Learn more@guardyourcard.com.


Andrew, welcome back. Great to see you. Great to see you, Megan. Thanks for having me. So the the left is losing its mind over these Trump cabinet picks. I mean, they, they're not grateful that he chose Rubio for State or You know Elise Stefanik for the un. They're just spending all their time telling us how radical he is because of Gates Heg and RFKJ and Tulsi and The View got a little, a little too excited in its coverage of Matt Gaetz the other day. And is this just the apology video in number two, Deb? Okay. This is all of it.


Okay. So here is where they mistepped and then the hostage video that they were forced to read thereafter. Watch SAT two, How could you nominate someone with allegations of child trafficking across, or trafficking across state lines and having sex with a 17-year-old? My understanding further on in the interview, they discussed the fact that once he finds out that she's 17, he stops having sex with her. I'm saddened by it. Yeah. Because all of those women who will have to get some defense of what's happened to them, that's who they're going to. Yes.


And this is someone who will just say, it's not a big deal. All those little kids who You know get abused. What, What? They got no recourse now. 'cause this is what's in charge. Matt Gaetz has long denied all allegations, calling the claims quote, invented and saying in a statement to a BC news that this false smear following a three year criminal investigation should be viewed with great skepticism. That DOJ investigation was closed with no charges being brought. Oh my God. All those little kids who got abused have no recourse.


Th this is about a child. The the worst of the allegations as we know them is that he, he denies it, but he's accused of having an interlude with a 17-year-old who then even his eyewitnesses who are against him, say he didn't know was 17, then stopped the relationship. This is the worst, the worst allegation against him, which he denies. And the DOJ did not bring charges because they did not find these witnesses credible. But in any event, it is that then he stopped the relation and resumed it when this young woman was 18. And from that The View gets all these little kids who get abused by him now have no recourse.


Andrew, I can't. Well, first of all, this is the party, not just of John F. Kennedy, but of Bill Clinton and of George Stephanopoulos who went from silencing the women who accused Clinton of rape and abuse to having an, a major network anchor position on the, on the basis of that work. Basically. That was his, his requirements. You know one of the delicious things about the Trump election. I And I'm finding it just absolutely wildly ecstatic. I I'm just loving every minute of this transition. This is best transition ever. And, and one of the best things about it is exposing the left blindness to the way they've behaved. Because the appointments that Trump is making are appointments to departments and divisions that are entirely out of whack, that have abused our rights, that have just been incompetent, that have absolutely gone south in every possible way.


And he's sending in bomb throwers. There's no question about it. He's sending in guys who are going in there like Roto-Rooter to clean the places out. And they're saying, You know why, why should we ever do this? Why should we abandon longstanding practices at health and human services after health And human services destroyed this country during the Covid pandemic by, by acting so incompetently, so stupidly, so corruptly and so oppressively that anything you did to them would be an improvement. And the same actually with the Defense Department, which has a, been a total mess under the Biden regime. I'm kind of past it You know. I don't want criminals appointed. I think if you have a criminal record and it's an actual active criminal record that that could count against you, but that these are bad boys that he sent you in there really just doesn't bother me at all.


I am absolutely past carrying what the left thinks of any about anything because of the way they have treated us. The, the oppression, the censorship, the lies, and the prosecuting their political opponents, and the person of Donald Trump and the people who followed him, and the people who protested peacefully on January 6th. It's just been an absolute mess. So the fact that he's going in there with some bad guys to take things apart does not bother me even a little bit. I cannot work myself up about it in any way whatsoever. Yeah, I can relate. I'm like the, the more I see how much they hate him, the more I want him. I know. He's, it's great. It is great. And it's, it's such a rebuke to this system of the academy.


The media and You know Hollywood and the bureaucracy that we're thrown up against this guy with all the force they had, all the lies, they had, every statement he may have taken outta context. Every gesture he made, taken to mean something. It didn't mean again and again and again. The people show up and just said, no. And You know. People keep saying, well, he doesn't really have a mandate 'cause he's gonna come out with about 50% of the votes to 48% somewhere around there. And they say, well, that's not a mandate. That's very close. But that's not the, the victory. The victory is not Republicans over Democrats. It's not conservatives over liberals. It's Donald Trump over the media and this shroud of lies that has basically been choking this country for decades at this point.


You know. It's just, it's just an amazing victory that he could actually come back from where he was when they were counting him out, when they were throwing ridiculous charges against him when they were bending the law so that people could accuse him of things that had gone past the, the, the limits of, of prosecution. It's just an amazing victory. And that's what's so delicious about it is not the vote count, not the, I'm glad he won the popular vote, but still it's not that, that's so wonderful. It's the destruction, the rebuke of this communication system that has throttled this country and throttle conversation, throttle debate and throttled freedom for just so long. And it is a major, major victory. So everything they say is just making me laugh and with an evil kind of cartoon villain laugh.


Yeah. Which I've been practicing for years, by the way. Well, I'd love to hear it. I mean, let, let's let it rip. I'm sure it'll pop up from time to time. Okay. Okay. The, you mentioned that, that now they're trying to say, look, it's not a mandate. It's not a mandate. They, it's been very kind of fun watching them try to find the little comforts You know, like, well, he, he cheated on me, but the woman wasn't a 10. She was like an eight. Like, okay, however you need to get yourself through this crisis. Go for it never makes I'll, I'll give you Harry Enton on CNN doing a report on how it's a victory, but it's a, it's a shitty victory. Watch You look Historically speaking, Donald Trump is now under 50% in the national popular, popular vote.


Victory ranks 44th outta 51. That ain't exactly strong. Some might argue that is weak, weak, weak. In the words of Tony Blair. In fact, his popular vote win at this point is the weakest going all the way back. You have to go all the way back to 2000 to find a weaker one, a smaller popular vote victory than Donald Trump currently has. So yeah, Trump has won the popular vote, but it ain't all that, my dear friend John Berman. Yeah, George W. Bush had a bigger old popular vote during, in 2004. Yes. So You know, you talk about the Senate, You know short coattails states Trump won, but Democrats won or leaving the Senate race. Look at this. In 2016, it was zero in 2020, it was zero in 2024. Look at this.


Four states, four states where a Senate Democratic candidate won. What about the house? Well, we're talking about a historically small majority potentially for the Republicans. The GOP would've a record small majority if the current house results hold. What we're talking about is we're talking a very wide win for Donald Trump. But the depth, it's not particularly deep. It's actually quite shallow historically speaking. Okay. Wide but not deep. Shallow, not deep. His popular vote and ugly, what his popular vote, what is not impressive a win win. And that's what we're talking about here. Well, again, again, the blindness is the, is the best part about this because he, he, he was not running against Kamala Harris.


He was running against a massive, massive communications machine that the left has built up and taken over over the over decades. And that has silenced people. I mean, people have been afraid to say anything for fear that they will be thrown out of their jobs for fear. Fear that they'll be thrown off social media and the stuff that they've been afraid to say is all simple truth. You know. It's like was was the last election. If you say, if you say that the last election was a cheat in any way, you can get, get kicked off social media for damaging the trust of the American people. Well, the last election, I don't know if, if it was stolen, but it was certainly rigged. I mean, there was so many lies, so much You know firepower, communication firepower trained on Trump.


He did not beat Kamala Harris. He beat the whole deal. The fact that he got any kind of popular majority is virtually a miracle. No one else could have done it. He did it. All the things that bother people like me about Donald Trump were weapons at his command. The fact that I'm a polite guy who doesn't like to see people talk the way Trump talks sometimes. That's what was required. That was You know, come at the hour, come at the man. That was what God needed to call forth in order to defeat this absolute machine that the left had built up for silencing descent You know, you only had to say, oh, these programs don't work to be called a racist sexist. All the phobes You know.


I mean, if you only had to notice that a lot of terrorists happened to be young Muslim men, and suddenly you were a bigot. It's, it's just an amazing, amazing thing. The, the actual efficiency of it. I, I kind of respect it. You could come out one day after Barack Obama said, You know, oh, gay. I marriage is between a man and a woman. And God is in the mix. One day after the Supreme Court invents a right to gay marriage in the Constitution where it doesn't exist, the White House is turned rainbow colored and suddenly there is a pride month. Now Megan, you And I are New Yorkers. We have absolutely no wish to bother other people in their personal lives. I know You know we've talked about this before, but I don't need a month to celebrate my pride in homosexuality.


No, I'm not sure it's worth even 10 minutes. You know. I think it, it, it's something that of course You know it's a difference that we tolerate, but still that the absolute bully machine that these guys were capable of, of putting into, into motion at moment's notice is what is broken. And they don't realize it yet, but they will slowly, they're gonna suddenly find out that they have become incredibly irrelevant. They've gone from being highly Paid. Wait, wait. So that's the perfect segue into Joe and Mika, the perfect segue into those two Losers. Yes. Irrelevant, sort of just calls them right up, doesn't it? Right. Right. I mean, they're synonymous with it. So they went out on the air on Monday and said they had gone to Mar-a-Lago to bend the knee.


They, I was saying to Paul Murray on Sky News that they didn't just bend the knee. They got down on their snake bellies and they slithered and they licked the boot. They licked it. Yes, it tastes so good. I love the bottom of your boots, sir, please give it to me more. That's really what happened. Then they come back out on the air on Monday and say like, oh, You know we spoke truth to power. Why wouldn't we speak to Hitler, the rapist, racist, bigoted, sexist, misogynist Hitler. That, that's just what we do as journalists. And then they're already circling the bowl audience left in even greater numbers.


So as of Tuesday, they had shaved another tens of thousands more off their already terrible numbers in the key demo of 25 to 54 year olds. They were down to 78,000 viewers on Tuesday. 78,000. That's wow. That is just a what, 25,000 or so above what we call in the business slashies. If you get 50 grand or under, they call 'em Slashies. They don't give you the number. A slashy is unthinkable at Fox News. There is no show that ever gets a slashy. And M-S-N-B-C has been beyond the slashies now for a number of years.


Hello Joe and Mika, you're back to Slashy land. So they came out the next day already experiencing the blowback because this meeting made no one happy and tried to tell us it wasn't as we felt that actually everybody loved what they did. What they did was, was terrific and really well received. Here's a bit of it. Yesterday, saw for the first time, lovely event, what a massive disconnect there was between social media and the real world. Because we were flooded with phone calls from people all day, literally around the world. A very positive, very supportive, going, understand what you do, you did, et cetera, et cetera, et cetera.


But once in a while I would get a, a text or a call from her and go, oh man, I hope you're doing okay. And I'd call him back. And, I go, well Eddie, glad respond up. And, I, go, Eddie, are you on Twitter? And he goes, I am. I go, okay, well I'm not. So we've had a good day. All of us are gonna do the best we can do. And we're all working towards a better America. Take it day by day, day by day by day. And again, you can, you can, you can predict the future by shaping the future. Okay. Twitter's not real life. You see, in real life, people loved that. They went and met with President Trump, all 78,000 of them. They loved it out of an audience that should be 600,000. But those people really loved it.


Andrew, don't believe you're lying eyes And Comcast is ready to toss the entire station out the window. Can you blame them separating themselves? They're gonna sell them. Yeah. I I may buy them. I mean, I, I I don't know. I'm not sure I can afford Rachel, Matt Maddow's $30 million a year salary for Bringing those. Well, lemme ask you something, lemme ask if you actually did buy Comcast or or M-S-N-B-C 'cause it's gonna be spun off by Comcast. Who, who, who would you fire first? Well, if, if, if it's true that Rachel Maddow was making $30 million a year, I mean, I, I don't worry about her. 'cause she can always, it's true You know, make a living as a a Michael Knowles lookalike. But I think that it's, I mean, I think that it's insane to pay somebody that when nobody is watching her and for One hour of television a week.


I know and, and Brian Stelter You know used to make the argument when nobody was watching him. Brian Stelter used to make the argument. Well, yeah, but they break out our bits and they go out on YouTube and all this stuff and people don't watch them there as well. And I suppose that was supposed to build up to a massive audience of people not watching them. But You know, I I think that they are useless. And, and the thing that they'd never get to, Brian Stelter had this wonderful thread on X where he said, we need to fix, we need to win back our audience by doing things like podcasts. We don't do enough podcasts. And I was like, stop lying. You gotta stop lying. That's the fir that's number one. You can do a podcast. Yeah. Number five is do a podcast. But number one is stop lying. And and they just, just Lie in more places.


Yeah, that's right. You know. The, the funny thing is, is a lot of people who voted for Donald Trump didn't like Donald Trump, which is important. That's actually show shows in his favor that shows how bad they thought the other side was. How much they didn't believe him, how much they thought. I saw a, a Kamala Harris voter interviewed and she said, well, maybe, maybe Trump will do some good things like end all the wars and bring the economy back. And I thought. Yeah, that would be good. I I'd be in Favor of that. Was was that voter Mika Brzezinski? Because that's how they're trying to sound like Yeah. You know. We're open-minded now to Hitler. Sure. Okay. And Biden looks ecstatic. So I, he's at least somebody's really happy about the results in the Democrat party.


So, Well, I do think it's very interesting that, that Comcast chose now to announce it's gonna spin off its disgusting cable channel. And it's not because NBC news is doing so well and they just wanna separate the struggling MS from N-B-C-N-B-C is also doing very poorly. We've, we have beaten NBC news on its YouTube feed for months now for months. We just, my show, just this one show has beaten all of NBC on their YouTube feed. They're, they're in a lot of trouble over there. So they're not doing well either. So why spin off Ms NBC? It's because it's the disgusting, like wart covered evil troll that like came to live with you and wouldn't leave.


Like they, they're looking at it like, Ew, my God, what we don't want our vaunted Today show anchors to have to associate with those troll ogers over there who, as I point out are on their bellies licking the boot right now. Mr. President, please let me back in the circles of power. No wonder they wanna spin this thing off. Well, You know, we keep, we keep, we on the right keep, I keep hearing people on the right say things like, well, there's problems on both sides. But the fact is, there actually aren't You know. I mean, we haven't had enough cultural power to have the kind of problems they have as power that corrupts And. I'm sure if we had the kind of cultural power they have, there would be corrupt people on our side. But if, if you listen, if I listen to your show, I get a very factual balanced look at things.


You know you, you have a point of view, you have a, to the conservative side point of view. But you always give the the facts on both sides. They never do that. They never do it. Our radicals, the radicals on the right are on the comment sections on section on Breitbart where the radicals on the left are in Congress and in the White House, And, I think it's a big, big difference. You know power corrupts and they have become incredibly corrupt. And it's, it's it, I still have a lot of Democrat friends. I hope that I can still count them as friends and they just don't see it. They keep saying, well, You know there are, there are a lot of Nazis on x And, I. Think You know some griper in his mother's basement is posting on X and giggling away and all this stuff. But, but they, they, they're people pour out into their campuses celebrating Hamas You know and the slaughter of Jewish people.


It's not the same thing. It is not the same thing. And so the fact that their, their news stations are dying. It's well deserved. They earned it. They worked for that. That is not something that is not something they got overnight. It wasn't given to them. It wasn't handed to them. That failure has been earned by a constant stream of bias and corruption and dishonesty and And I think You know we have to congratulate them on a, a job well done. They have made themselves completely irrelevant. And also, I I just love the fact, I mean this is all about the new media. It's all about the new media. It's the fact that we can now fact check them in real time. They can come out and say, oh, Trump is calling for a bloodbath. We can get that video out with the real deal with what he really said almost instantaneously.


And a lot of that You know is, is credit, not You know it's credit to places like The Daily Wire and Joe Rogan and all that. But it's also to the credit of Elon Musk, who after all was a big hero to the left and then suddenly started getting investigated the minute he gave right wingers the right to speak. But that's what's happened. What's happened is that the curtain has been drawn back. We see that it's all one party speaking to us. We see that they're not telling the truth. And people You know they kind of like reality. I mean, people, people don't mind being lied to, but they hate the effects of being lied to. Like they wanna be told they can fly, but they don't like it when they fall off a building. And that's, that's what's happened. Just an amazing example, Megan, this idea that it was hammered into us that we dopes didn't realize that the economy was great.


You know, just because you can't afford a pat of butter doesn't mean that I, I'm me and the media, I'm doing well, You know I'm doing well. So the economy is great. How do you tell people, where do you get the temerity, the guts, the goal to tell people that the economy is great and that they don't know that they can't afford stuff. You know that, that they are somehow mystify their, it's a delusion that they have, that they can't afford to feed their families. It's an amazing arrogance, an amazing dishonesty and amazing bias. And it has just been swept away. Donald Trump has swept it away. I'm ready to just, whatever award they have for like political genius, I'm ready to give it to 'em. You know. I know, I know you've had troubles with 'em in the past, but You know, we've all, we've all had troubles with 'em in the past and at some level, yeah.


But it has, it is a work of genius. As, as a, as a brilliant friend of mine once said, the past is like your ass behind you. It's, it's certainly true. And, and, and he just deserves all the congratulations in the world because this is a victory. As I say, it's not a victory over a single candidate. It is, is a victory over a system that has implanted and in place and just incredibly powerful. And he broke it. Well, you may be elated. And, I may be elated, but the women of four B are not elated. I know you are aware of this movement. I know I saw you discussed it on your show the other day. We touched on it, but I'd love to go a little deeper on the absolute implosion of like certain, I don't know what they are, radical feminists like, I don't know.


I'm not sure what they are. They're Trump haters. They're America haters. 'cause they're very, very angry with the 80 million people who voted Trump into office. And they appear to be self haters because their response to him is to say, take some pledge that apparently started in like Korea many years ago. Or I, I don't remember all the tenets, but I know you don't date, you don't get married, you don't have sex and you don't have children. Like those are, there'll be no reproducing You know in response to which most of us are like, phew, when you get a look at these ladies. But I you is this just mental illness? Well, I'm gonna show a little bit of these gals. We we showed a little the other day.


Here's a little bit more in, so 13 Just woke up this morning feeling spicy, giving up on America, f also giving up on coloring this hair because right fuck coloring my hair, fuck, having my hair be long. I'm luxurious. Fuck all that shit. Fuck being skinny, fuck being hot, fuck being all the things that the patriarchy wants us to be. And, I'm talking to You too. I think you gave up on that long ago. These Of you ladies who have the internalized misogyny required to do what you did, minorities were so scared of a woman in power that you'd rather cozy up to the white man just in case some crumbs fall off his plate. Here we go. We're cutting it off because fuck you. That's why you think I'm crazy.


Me too crazy. I do. Yeah, I do. So that's it, it's your internalized misogyny. If you're a woman who voted for Trump, and if you're a a minority, it's because you wanna cozy up to the white man. So she has to shave off her hair and suddenly go from hot to not Sister. I, I got new assumes facts not in evidence. You know this. You asked if this is mental illness. This is induced mental illness. They invented a system that was going to drive them mad. I I kind of, I've been talking about this for years actually. But but think about this for a minute. If you come out and say, well, You know, I don't really agree with feminism. I certainly agree that women should have rights and all the rights and all the choices, but I think feminism is an anti female movement.


Suddenly you're, you're absolutely a pariah. You're a terrible, terrible human being. So unless you have a hard skin like me, you, you stop saying it. You stop talking. You stop expressing your opinion. You don't say, well, You know I have questions about Islam because then you're an Islamophobic. You don't say, well, there's a lot of crime in black neighborhoods and maybe there's something wrong in the, with the culture in some of those neighborhoods because then you're a racist. You don't want any of that stuff to happen. You don't wanna be called out to hr. You don't wanna be uninvited to dinner parties. You don't wanna lose whatever awards you've won or anything like that. So you're silent. So now this person on the left never hears a conflicting opinion, only hears opinions within the scope of her worldview. So she hears different piece places on the left.


Maybe she's not left enough. Maybe you're not, you're a little bit more to the left, whatever it is. But you're never hearing a right wing opinion. So you never know that there are perfectly decent people who see the world entirely differently than you do. Really nice people, people who would like people who would sit there and could explain to you why they think it might be more helpful to have this policy instead of that never hear, it never comes anywhere into your, into your worldview. And then suddenly you find out that half the country believes these things. And the only thing you can think to yourself is you're living in this horrible, horrible country where every other person hates you and wants to destroy you. I don't know what patriarchy she stopped talking about. I've been looking for it for years because if I could find it, I would join it.


But You know. It's just this, this absolute terror of all the people on the other side. Because you've never let them speak You know. I mean, we, on the right, there was actually a a an article in one of the Yale newspapers about this where the left wingers were saying, I saw this. Yeah, yeah. They were saying that You know, gee, the right wingers have to deal with us, but we don't have to deal with them. So we don't know anything about them. Well, on the right we've been saying that for years that you don't have to explain the left to us. We live with it. And, and You know, we know people who were, and In the article saying they were jealous that the Yales were con were jealous of their conservative colleagues because they should be, they were developing skills that the ones on the left had never developed and did not have to develop.


We're also having more fun and we're not terrified. And we don't have, I mean, I shaved off my head, but that's my hair. But that's different. You don't have to shave off your head and stop dating people because you lost an election because you had just have a much more three-dimensional view of the world than they have And I love this woman. I'm sorry to obsess, but like, I love this woman pretending that she's Giselle. Like, I'm just gonna do it. I'm I'm not, I Sister. Yeah, it's kind again, it's kind of like when Ellen DeGeneres announced she's leaving the country. It was kinda like You know. That's Bye You know. I know. Oh, we used to laugh. I mean, there were some people at Fox who like, when the Roger Ale scandal broke, then let's, I I won't be too mean. But it was like, let's just say again, not exactly Giselle like figures and not nice figures either, which is why I feel comfortable making fun of them.


But they were like, it never happened to me. They're like, okay. Yeah, reality is real. Reality is hard. Reality is hard. No question about it. Sorry. There, there were some dark moments there. Okay, so she's not taking it while she and her other four B movement ladies, you mentioned Ellen DeGeneres. I thought that was actually quite interesting. And now you have people wrestling with what, what does it mean? What do we need to do? How do we regroup? Like how do we get back our voters? And the trans issue continues to be kicked around in the news every day, not just because of the Nancy Macy, the Nancy Mace thing, which by the way, we won. We won.


Speaker Johnson announced yesterday that there men will not be allowed to use women's bathrooms. That you can use a gender neutral bathroom. I don't have to fulfill my offer to pay for the gender neutral bathroom on Capitol Hill. I offered 30 grand to build it yesterday. 'cause that's what I think it costs. Apparently they already exist. So like this, this man pretending to be a woman could just go use one of those shut up and stay outta the women's rooms. But now it's a rule. So that's good because when the kids go on Capitol Hill for their field trips, they don't have to worry about running into men posing as women or trying to take photographs of them or whatever the hell else. These men who want access to women's spaces want to do. So that's good. We won. So thank you to all of our viewers who I know called and wrote, but the trans thing remains in the news and it's getting, Republicans are getting bolder and the left is holding on.


They're, they're not ready to let go of this, this little pearl that they've been pushing on us for so long. So Nancy Mace is the pers the person who brought this up on Capitol Hill as a Republican congresswoman from South Carolina. And she went on with news anchor from Scripps yesterday to talk about this. Have you seen this? And I saw this. Just listen to the arrogance of this news anchor in quotes, air quotes, news anchor watch. I'll, I'll, I just wanna add that the Congresswoman elect does identify as a woman, I will be referring, she's Not a woman, it's a man. She was born a man. She's a man. She is, she's biologically a male. That is science. You guys on the left in the mainstream media wanna say follow the science.


Well, let's follow the science. Okay. He is a man. He can wear a dress. Congressman, he can call himself. His pronouns can be she or her, but he doesn't belong in a woman's restroom. Period. Are you suggesting that the representative elect McBride poses some kind of danger to you and other women in Congress? Yeah, absolutely. Absolutely. A hundred percent. This is an assault on women. A man being a biological man, a man with a penis male genitalia being in a women's locker room is an assault on women that more than likely he's got a mental, mental illness. And this is why he's doing this. He should not be forcing his private parts into women's private spaces. I'm absolutely a no hard pass on this.


I'm gonna fight it every step of the way. Are you diagnosing right now an incoming member of Congress with a, a mental illness? I'm, I'm not sure how you would, I'm absolutely diagnosing anyone who cross dresses with a mental illness. Amazing. Not just a word on this. So-called News Anchor. Her name is Liz Landers. She is a national correspondent leading the disinformation desk at Scripps News. Andrew, you can't make it up. Where the team covers how disinformation spreads and shapes politics and people's lives. Hello, Liz. You're in the middle of doing it right now. Thank God you had a fact checker there in Nancy Mace.


I just wanna say one word about this. Two words. One, are you suggesting that representative elect McBride, who for viewers who did not watch yesterday, is a man posing as a woman just elected to Congress from the state of Delaware, poses some kind of danger to you and other women in Congress? Okay, because Mace had said he doesn't belong in a women's restroom. Liz, we don't have to prove that he is dangerous. That is not the question. So f you for trying to reshape the debate in a way that you think is stronger for you. First of all, yes, he is a danger. They're all danger. Even if he personally doesn't wanna do anything to women in that restroom. His permission slip is a permission slip for all men.


And many of those men do want to hurt us. So get up to speed. Liz, do your homework, sweetheart. Secondly, we don't have to prove that our mere discomfort at allowing men into women's spaces is enough. Stop trying to make the stakes so high that we have to prove to you this crime or that, which we could, but we don't need to. The answer's no, we don't want him, Liz. And if you wanna pee next to a man, ask your male buddies at Scripps whether you can go into their bathroom, that's your solution. So that's one of the things that really irritated me in that whole exchange. But the thing is, Andrew, we won. So people like Liz are going to have to be brought to heal on this or their side will continue losing You know, one of the, to the reason this is so important, the reason the transgender movement is so important is because it's emblematic of the power that the left has wielded thousands of years of human civilization, hundreds of thousands of years of homo sapiens.


Ne this has never come up. The idea that a man can become a woman has never come up for the very good reason that it's impossible. One angry lesbian college professor writes a book, which I have read called Gender Trouble by Judith Butler. It's a, it's a grift, it's an absolute muddly, muddy minded, poorly written grift that logic doesn't hold. It actually doesn't have a string of logic announcing that gender is simply a construct. You know, yep, hundreds of thousands of years of hom hominid life. But suddenly we find out that gender is just a construct. No other animal knows this, no other mammal realizes this. But we know this because Judith Butler has told us the instantaneously, if you disagree with this, you are a villain.


Instantaneously. That was the power that the left was wielding, and that was the power that their communication was wielding. To me, the most important video of this week was Mike Johnson coming out, being asked whether this new congressman slash congresswoman was a man or a woman. And Mike Johnson said, well, I'm not gonna answer that question. I'm not gonna deal with that. Then he had to come back out later and say, no, I am gonna deal with that. He, he's a man, is a man. A woman's a woman. They can't change. Now it's wrong to call Mike Johnson a coward. It's wrong to call him a a You know hi a hypocrite. He's a, he's a good guy. He's got a difficult job. Speaker of the house is probably one of the toughest jobs in government. He, he's no more a coward than any of us or anybody else.


That's the power they had. That a man of his convictions could come out and have to hesitate a moment before he realized the game is over. The game is over because Donald Trump won. That's what's happened. Yes, that's the difference. He wouldn't have come back and made that second appearance. That was the, the bold right, true appearance. Not because he's a bad guy, not because he's a coward. He's not, he wouldn't have done it because he wouldn't have seen that the construct had been destroyed. But it's in rubble on the ground and they can keep on on with this track forever. It's not going anywhere. Their machine is broken. And, I don't think it's coming back for a long, long time. That's a really interesting point. thank you for pointing that out. We played the Mike Johnson videos yesterday, both of them.


And you're right. I mean, I was more focused on how he did get it right in the end, You know. But you're right. The fact that he hesitated does say something about how effective they've been on their bullying and the fact that he came back out later is a testament to the, the victory that we all just won. Not just Donald Trump. We all won on this particular issue. So the other thing I wanted to say about Liz, the disinformation anchor at Scripps is she says, are you, are you diagnosing an incoming member of Congress with a mental illness? I'm not sure how you would know that. Well, Liz, I have another piece of information for you. Since you're really into information and disinformation.


Go to the DSM five, look up gender dysphoria and you'll find it right there. It is a disorder in the d s M five, which is about mental disorders. And in the medical community, mental illness and mental disorders are used interchangeably. So yes, it's fine to say that the odds are this person who considers themselves quote trans, has gender dysphoria, which is a disorder or mental illness spelled out in the DSM five. Look it up, sweetheart. You love information. I just gave you a bunch of it. There's your afternoon project. Okay, I'm not done with this issue because it's come up again.


Whoopi Goldberg known for her commitment to facts. You know, miss, I feel so bad for all the little children that Matt Gaetz allegedly molested, who now will not be able to come forward. She's such a liar. Literally nobody alleged that. Okay, you that, by the way, that legal disclaimer did not fix her defamation of Matt Gaetz. He should sue her. This is what she came out to say on this is on the issue of trans athletes. You know, I I often wonder because it's, when you look transgender Americans, less than 1% of American adults identify as transgender, right?


Yeah. And when you add in youth who identify as transgender, that number comes to just about 1.4. It is estimated that there are no more than a hundred transgender athletes competing in public schools nationwide. And an Associated press investigation found that lawmakers proposing bans on trans athletes in school sports could not cite a single instance of these athletes taking championship. That is so, That is so wrong on so many levels. The UN just released a list of the number of medals that these men and boys have stolen from women.


And it was almost a thousand that they had calculated just recently. We here on the show, have covered the number of medals that have been stolen. We did a deep dive on the Connecticut runners that we've been covering for years, since we launched in 2020, Andrew, 'cause I'm living in Connecticut who have been denied medals and scholarships and so on and, and brought a lawsuit that's now succeeding. But of course they're not the only example. And the girls who have been hurt all over the country by these trans players and the girls at the NCAA level who are now forfeiting games and so on, in order to protect their safety. So like the amount of nonsense that is put out there. But before I get you to comment on that, if at all, I gotta tell you, we got some breaking news here.


Guess what just happened? Matt Gaetz withdrew. Oh wow. Wow. I know. I gotta say I, I can never, like I have no personal affection from Matt Gates. I don't know him. I, yeah, but I'm kind of sad to see it. I, I'm kind of disappointed. I like the fact of sending in this, like you were saying, guns blazing. I get why he's problematic, but I'm disappointed. I'm gonna read you a statement, but gimme your first reaction. Well, my first reaction is that I'm not surprised because even though Congress said they weren't gonna release the ethics report, we all knew it was gonna come out. There's no stopping that stuff from coming out. And You know, I, I've heard even I have heard things about Matt Gaetz and the way he has lived.


I don't think that means that all the charges against him are true. I very much suspect that a lot of them are overblown and ridiculous. But You know you live at that level and you're going to do some things you probably shouldn't have done. But I feel the same way you do. I'm a little bit disappointed. I would've liked to see him just go in there and rip them to pieces. He's so great when he is challenging the left, he's so terrific when he actually goes after them. But You know you don't want the guy to be destroyed either. So I guess he's probably making the right decision. And Trump, I I I think that Trump was talking about this. He was repeatedly quoted as saying, I don't know if this is gonna make it. So maybe he's just getting outta the way to let Trump do more. The fact that he resigned as quickly as he did. I know it was supposed to be so that he could be replaced quickly, but that might have been a giveaway that he was trying to get out of having that information released.


That report dropped and that report has not yet dropped the house investigation into what, if anything he did with these underage girls or with prostitutes or, I don't, whatever all of which he's denied. It has not yet leaked. They definitely have. The house has it reportedly the Senate does not have access to it because the house has refused. Speaker Mike Johnson has said, we're not releasing that. But of course someone's gonna leak it. So, but it hasn't leaked yet. Anyway, here's what Matt wrote on, on x. I had excellent meetings with senators yesterday. I appreciate their thoughtful feedback and the incredible support of so many. While the momentum was strong, it is clear that my confirmation was unfairly becoming a distraction to the critical work of the Trump Vans transition. There's no time to waste on a needlessly protracted Washington scuffle.


Thus, I will be withdrawing my name from consideration to serve as Attorney General Trump's DOJ must be in place and ready on day one. I remain fully committed to see that Donald J. Trump is the most successful president in history. I will forever be honored that President Trump nominated me to lead the Department of Justice. And I'm certain he will save America. That's all we have for now. Does it mean he will resume and can he resume his role as a congressman from the Florida panhandle? I'm not sure he resigned from the existing Congress. Does that mean he can? He's been reelected You know. So can he take his seat in the upcoming Congress, which starts in January? Like he didn't technically resign from that.


I'm not sure. We'll see. And if he's, if he's not going back to Congress, you gotta bet dollars to donuts. Trump's gonna give him some sort of an, a role that doesn't require Senate confirmation. Yeah, It's, it's a really interesting question. It depends how official his resignation is. Whether he handed in a letter, whether it is just a discussion. You know whether he can just walk back. I hope he, I hope he doesn't disappear. But again, I I was sort of suspicious when that happened because you, as, as you say I, that that report is going to be released, whatever it is in it is gonna be released. And he, he must be nervous about it. Obviously what he was talking about was he was going to Republican senators and they were saying, look, we just don't have the numbers.


And what is the, what is the point of being ripped to pieces for two weeks and then losing the vote? You know what's the point for him? What's the point for Trump? What's the point for anyone? Hopefully You know Trump to, to clean out the DOJ, which is now, as far as I'm concerned, You know Merrick Babyface Garland has completely corrupted that incredibly important institution. You know to clean that out. I hope that, that's funny. I'm so hoping like Trump nominates something like a You know an Abrams tank or something. It just goes in like a bulldozer. Just that we're just gonna confirm a bulldozer and just have, go in and shove everybody out the back of the building because it really is dirty in there. I like that a lot.


Alright, well, You know all I can think of as I read this though, I gotta be honest. I read Maureen's, Maureen Callahan, who I love her book. She's also a writer like you asked, not she released it over the summer and it was all about the Kennedy men over the years and just how terribly they've treated their women. You know Ted Kennedy and Chappaquidick and John F. Kennedy You know our former president, beloved You, know by most people, but especially the left, you read her book. He was shipping the White House intern who was 1616 while Jackie was away taking her in the, everybody knew they were having sex in the White House.


Matt Gaetz is accused of not great behavior. He denies it. But JFK was president. The Washington Post chose not to reveal any of this. Matt Gaetz is nominated for a far less important position, though an important one. And just these allegations are, have derailed him. Maybe not just these, he's also not well liked as you point out. But here's what CNN just dropped as he withdraws the woman who says she had sex while a minor with then representative Matt Gaetz told the House Ethics Committee that she had two sexual encounters with him at one party in 2017. Source is familiar with her testimony. Tell CNN the woman who was 17 years old at the time, testified that the second sexual encounter, which has not previously been reported included another adult woman.


The other woman who was an adult at the time, has denied participating in the alleged second encounter according to multiple sources, familiar with her ethics testimony. This is the same person whose claims were not enough to persuade the Merrick Garland controlled DOJ to bring charges aga against Matt Gaetz and the Washington Post reported in 2022. The reason the charges would not be brought is because this woman was not credible. That's what the Washington Post reported. It's fine to repeat these allegations. I haven't read the whole report. I really hope CNN says that because Matt Gates right now is getting killed by a thousand cuts that people are running with this.


It's turned into child molestation over on a b, c news and now he's withdrawn and he's right. He has become a distraction. But I mean, I I'm a little uncomfortable about where this has gone, Andrew, because it's Merrick Garland's, DOJ who says she's not credible. Yeah, I've, I've ne I've actually never believed these charges for that very reason. That's one of the things that kind of bothers me about it. But I wonder too, how much of this has to do with the way Matt Gaetz behaved during the replacement of the Speaker of the House. He was an agent of chaos. Yeah. He was not a sort of play You know go along to get along guy. He was not being collegial as people in Congress are supposed to be. And as you say, I do not think he's a man with many friends and that just counts for something in politics.


Maybe it shouldn't, but it does. So I don't know how much of this has to do. I mean, obviously his life is not a neat life. And it would be nice if we could find people with the kind of determination and grit that we need who are also faithful husbands. And that would be kind of pleasant and a diff and a change of pace. But his life is a messy life. He doesn't have a lot of friends, And, I think the numbers, obviously from what he said about talking to the senators, the numbers just weren't there. And so what's the point, right, because he's gonna, he's gonna be dragged through the mud and if the numbers are not gonna be there, some people are just saying, there's just no way I'm coming over to your side. You know what is the point of his going through this. And yes, he's going to be just absolutely excoriated by the left wing press.


But again, they excoriate everybody who disagrees with them. So I don't know how much You know credibility they have left. It seems to me none. So it's, it's just a question for me of the numbers and the fact that he couldn't, obviously couldn't put together the numbers that he needed. And whether more is going to come out or not, I, I don't know. Now it makes it less likely, I suppose, that there'll be a leak. 'cause who cares if he's not doing that. I hope, I hope they take him back into Congress. I don't know. Again, he is alien leak a lot of people. Yeah, yeah. It's Leaky. It's such a leaky body. Now the question will be who's Trump gonna choose, right? Because this is a really important position. I've heard some people say Senator Mike Lee of Utah, that he great Pick, great Pick.


He could get all the things done that Matt Gaetz could get done. You know he's a fighter. He's a Trump loyalist, he's a MAGA guy. What without all the controversy, You know he should sail through in the, in the Senate. But that opens up a Senate seat and the re Republicans can't necessarily spare it. I don't, I'm not sure exactly what would happen or whether that might deter 'cause he is already chosen Marco Rubio, he's elevated him. Like maybe somebody who's not currently serving the margins are really tight amongst the existing lawmakers. And I dunno, I still want him to go with my friend Mike Davis. There's no, no guy more loyal to Trump. He's on the show all the time.


He formed a group called the Article three Project, which is all about enforcing You know America first policies. And he too clerked for the Supreme Court. He is very, very smart. He says, I think he's too much of a shit stir to get confirmed. He, I think he thinks that, but like it in relation to Matt Gats. Anyway, I think it's still a great day. I think it's actually a great day. And, I'm sad for Matt Gaetz, but I believe this probably is what's best for the Trump administration. Andrews. So onward we go. Yeah. And you have to remember the Trump has had a really, really hard time with ags. Jeff Sessions kind of ducked when he came under that special investigation. And I. I've been a fan of Bill Barr, but I know that Trump didn't like him and Me too wasn't loyal enough. So yeah, he's, he's, he's gotta find somebody who's both You know a loyalist, but also somebody who can do a hard job of cleaning out the eugenian stables.


'cause it is like that in there. It is really a dirty place. I thought Bill Barr was amazing. The only problem was he wouldn't support the election denialism stuff. And that's what led to the rift between them. But he totally had Trump's back. He was brilliant. He was hard, tough on crime, all the good things. Anyway, that's, that did not end well. Andrew, Klavan. Wait, are you sticking around? I'm okay. You are right is Andrew stick. Okay. Sorry. I got confused about whether you had to go. Excellent. Don't go anywhere.


There is an epidemic affecting two out of every three Americans. Poor gut health, processed foods, stress at work, fluoride in the water, even toxins in the air you breathe can overwhelm your digestive system. You might expect to feel the bloating and the heartburn, but sleepless nights, afternoon crashes, mood swings. These are all signs. Your gut may need some help while most probiotics get torn apart in your stomach acid. The spore based strains in just Thrive probiotic are clinically proven to arrive in your gut. 100% alive, creating a fortress of good bacteria that can support digestion, immune system, and mental clarity. Just Thrive probiotic is non GMO and gluten-free. And you can choose between berry flavored gummies or easy to swallow capsules. You can even open the capsule and mix the contents in your morning coffee or sprinkle it on your food For over a decade, just Thrive has been fighting to make Americans healthy again With science-backed solutions you can trust. To join the Gut Health Revolution, visit just Thrive health.com. Just Thrive health.com and save 20% site-wide with promo code. Megan. That's just Thrive health.com promo code. Megan


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET. MGM. Sportsbook. That's right. Not. just the highs. Woo The Os Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football You only. get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the D MV bet MG M and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER.


Andrew, the news breaking shortly before we came to air that Ju Smollett has been given an amazing lifeline by the Illinois Supreme Court, which just reversed his conviction. Not on the grounds that he did not perpetrate a fake race hoax on the city of Chicago and the nation, but on the ground that if you remember the original prosecutor in the case, Kim Fox, a woke DEI promoting George Soros, prosecutor, didn't want to charge him and cut a plea deal with him, a non-prosecution agreement that let him off the hook for some community service and a handshake.


And he signed it. And it was only in response to the outrage over that, that special prosecutor Dan Webb, was brought in former big mucky muck in Chicago. And he tried the case against Jus Smollett and Jesse's lawyers argued that this was a violation of his Fifth Amendment privileges. That it was basically trying to try him twice after the government had sworn or agreed that it would not try him, that they had already cut a deal with him. And that ultimately proved persuasive to the Illinois Supreme Court, which ruled in a five zero ruling. There are seven justices, two abstained, five, just, I don't know why, but five justices ruled.


They want a reversal. And now already you've got the far left crowd on Twitter going nuts about how everyone owes him an apology. And you mark my, they're gonna spin this into, he's somehow been exonerated when really all the court said was, you can't try him when he already admitted to it and struck a non-prosecution agreement with this loser da Kim Fox. Well, I, I'm shocked to find that there was bad governance going on in Chicago. And I just, I just, I feel it's terrible that a man who committed a hate crime has been set free like this. This is a ter terrible thing. This is another guy.


But are there any real hate crimes in America? I mean, I cannot remember the last time there was a high profile hate crime except against Jews, of course. But I can't remember. There was a la a last, the last time there was a high profile hate crime that didn't turn out to be a fraud. So You know Jesse Mette. I, I feel bad for the guy. I have to admit, when that show he was in I, what was it called? Kingdom or something like that came out. I was empire. I was Abso empire. That's what it was. I I was absolutely stunned by the guy's talent. I remember sitting there going, wow, that guy can, can really sing. And apparently he just sang the wrong song and now his career's in shambles. But what, what can we say the guy is, or Is it is escaping? Or is it that's, that's the real Question. Maybe not, maybe will they do that's, maybe he'll win an Oscar just for this You know, Or will he be, will he be totally embraced by the left, who will pretend that this was some sort of exoneration on the merits when that's not in fact at all what happened?


Just reading now here from the Chicago Tribune reminding us of exactly how this went down. Weeks after indicting him, prosecutors dropped all counts against him, noting that he forfeited his $10,000 bond and had done community service. Cook County state's Attorney Kim Fox previously handed the case to deputies saying she had recused herself. And the court found here that we are aware this case has generated significant public interest and that many people were dissatisfied with the resolution of the original case and believed it to be unjust. Nevertheless, what would be more unjust than the resolution of any one criminal case would beholding from this court? That the state was not bound to honor agreements upon which people have detrimentally relied.


Here's, here's what's nuts, this guy. I mean, I, there will be discussions about whether he got this ruling because he's black and gay, whether this is some sort of privilege right along those lines or whether like would the Andrew Klavan of the world have gotten a ruling like this? Is the Illinois Supreme Court captured by this kind of thinking? Or was this a just legal ruling? I'm gonna have to go back and look at it to answer that myself. But remember this Andrew Rem remember what a big deal this was? He came out and made up this fake story that he'd been walking in the polar vortex. It was that time in Chicago where it was like 52 below or something crazy in Chicago.


And that two guys, two white guys wearing MAGA hats came up outta nowhere and said something about like, f you, you gay, whatever. And just happened to be where to be, be holding a noose and bleach, which they doused him with and put around his neck before beating him up and leaving. Oh, this is MAGA country. That's what they all alleged, this MAGA country. That's what it was. Line, yeah. At 2:00 AM in Chicago. He was walking around randomly in Chicago with their noose and their bleach, hoping to see ju smollett while he went out to get a subway sandwich. Anyway, then he went on with Robin Roberts because all the media was fawning all over him.


Oh my God, this poor black gay man got attacked by the evil maga and she gave him the biggest pass we've seen up until we got to Kamala Harris entering the presidential race. Watch this. Why do you think you were targeted? I can just assume. I mean, I come really, really hard against the 45. I come really, really hard against his administration. And I don't hold my tongue. I He comes really High. I like the self-importance though.


The idea that people were actually paying attention to this guy who was maybe the fifth lead on that show to begin with and cared about what he thought about 45. But also You know 45. It is, it is amazing. You know, it's, it really is kind of interesting. He, he was attacked by two white guys who by an absolute coincidence just happened to be his trainers who were black and who were lost because they thought they were in Trump country in the middle of Chicago. So somehow they had lost their, their GPS, but it was immediately embraced and immediately pushed out there by the, the mainstream media. And no one ever pays a penalty. This is, this is the part of the machine that is so fascinating. No one ever pays a penalty for getting these stories wrong. No one ever has to quit.


No one ever has to apologize. No one ever has to go back and say, oh wow. We should, maybe we should have actually done some research since we're on a network with an amazing amount of investigative force. But all of that stuff disappears. And it'll be very interesting to see what the rest of his career looks like. 'cause you're right, of course, that the left is gonna say, oh wow. He's, he's been exonerated when he hasn't been. But that's kind of what I'm talking about with Trump's election. They don't have the power they used to have. They don't have the power to erase what we've seen with our own eyes the way they used to be. They literally used to be able to say, we didn't exist. You know the Hunter Biden laptop. It's not a thing. It's a ru, it's Russian disinformation. They have lost that power. They used it to the ultimate extent in the 2016 election.


And now it's kind of in the 2020 election. I'm sorry. And now it's, it's really played out and Trump has broken it and left it in pieces on the ground. So I don't know what's gonna happen to the guy. You know. I don't, I don't really have a lot of animosity against him. I think it's, he's an actor, You know who's, who's startled that he wants to be more important than he is. And he or thinks he's more important than he is. I do, I do. He not only did heme, all of maga, but he cost the city of Illinois tens of thousands of dollars as they investigated this nonsense, the the black police chief in Chicago just crushed him. We're looking for the soundbite right now. 'cause we had a cut back at the time, but was so angry at what this guy had done with Chicago pd.


And we, we wanted to create a race war. I mean, it was so irresponsible and just really tried to ignite a flame that could have caused this country to burn had he not been caught by these smart investigators. Ultimately, the two perpetrators of this alleged hate crime, gave an interview to and, and did a reenactment for Fox Nation in like the best piece of tape ever. Here's, here they are, they are black. They knew Jesse Smollett. They were not white maga hating guys. They just got convinced by Jesse Smollett to do this to him and watch.


So we waited here for about, what, four minutes? It was about four minutes, four minutes. But it felt like forever because it was cold as bald as we crossed the street. We said, Hey, to get his attention. And that's when we started yelling the famous slurs. He wanted us to yell, Hey, aren't you that empire, this man of country? He wanted it to look like he fought back. That was very important for him. 'cause he said, Hey, don't just beat my ass. Make it look like I'm fighting back and whatnot. So we did that And, then I threw him to the ground. And while after I threw him to the ground, I, he had no bruise. I wanted it to look more real.


So then I threw him to the ground. After I threw him to the ground, I used my knuckle and gave him a noie. I finally put the rope around his face. I did not put it around his neck. I just placed it on his face. And that's when we took off. That is great, great piece of tape. Fox team. I came, I love the, I love the racist noie. That's You know nothing like that nookie to really take you out. You know, like this is, this is not Ing to ever air on Fox Nation. Wait, But here is that we found the, we found the soundbite from Eddie Johnson, the police chief at the time, who was definitely not laughing. Watch Jesse Smollett took advantage of the pain and anger of racism to promote his career.


I'm left hanging my head and asking why, why would anyone, especially an African American man used a symbolism of a noose to make false accusations? How could someone look at the hatred and suffering associated with that symbol and see an opportunity to manipulate that symbol to further his own public profile? How can an individual who's been embraced by the city of Chicago turn around and slap everyone in this city in the face by making these false chart claims? Pretty amazing. So that was 2019, Andrew.


Yeah. And here we are five years later. So what is the temperature of the country today versus back then for a black gay man who got caught perpetrating a race, a race hoax for, for him in public life and returning to the public scene, now that this can conviction's been overturned, You know to me, one of the great untold stories of this moment is the, the Covid shutdowns and what it meant to the American people. No one's been fired, is it, it was, in my opinion, the greatest failure of a leadership class since World War I. It was an absolute mess. Everything about it was wrong. And one of the things that was wrong was the encouragement and the coverup of the George Floyd riots.


The idea that George Washington's statue should be taken down and replaced with George Floyd's. The idea that this guy was some kind of hero, this drug addict, who I personally think drugged himself to death, trying to hide fentanyl from the pol arresting officer. And that that was, that that crime was indicative of the way the police treat black people. People have not covered what that means to people, even on a subconscious level. I think on a conscious level too, we know, we all know that we have been gaslit up the wazoo. We understand that for, for all of that time that that covid lockdown was going on, we were gaslit about race relations.


We were gaslit about the economy. We were gaslit about masks. We were gaslit about vaccines, we're gaslit about Anthony Fauci, who really You know. I mean, I don't wanna send an old man to jail for the rest of his life as if he were a silent You, know, a peaceful anti-abortion protestor, but still You know. He, he, he performed criminal acts and criminal told criminalized to Congress and all of that stuff has vanished. It's just kind of sunk into the background. So now this guy comes back from that tho those bad days, and he basically tried to You know, push this narrative on us. That was a total lie. I just don't think the world is waiting for him with open arms. I could be wrong, but I think that this is a guy where people are gonna look and say, we are so sick of this You know, this is a country that has come so far in its race relations.


Nobody denies the bad stuff in the past, but of course the world was more racist in the past than it is today. We're much more thrown together because of America, because of the way America welcomes people and lets them blend together. So things have changed here. And, I think, I, I just think people are sick of, of this kind of condemnation of everything about us. You know. I I think that this is part of what the Trump election means. It's like enough You know enough. This is not a bad country. It's a great country. These are not bad people, but good people that when you go out into the middle of this country, black and white people are living together. They're marrying, they're adopting each other. It's, it's absurd to still be playing heat of the night on M-S-N-B-C when You know Kumbaya is playing throughout the rest of the country.


So when this guy comes back, I just don't think there's a bunch of people waiting to say, oh boy, we're just can't wait to have this guy back to tell us how bad we are. Now, he can go hard against number 47 and we're gonna all care about this. I, I think this is, this is a dated story. You know, I'm sure Trump's teeth are chattering. Yeah, I agree with you. I don't think there's a comeback for him, even in this holly weird land because they, I think on the, in the, on the heels of this election especially, they've gotten the message. They went too far and the American public is not having it. Andrew Klavan, love having you. Thanks so much for being here. Great talking to you Megan. Good to see you. Alright, coming up next, we're gonna be joined by Professor Jeffrey Sachs.


Really looking forward to speaking with him, especially in light of the news this week on what we are doing in Ukraine. I mean, is there a real risk here that President Biden starting World War iii or risking it just before he hands the baton to President Trump? Jeffrey Sachs has thoughts. Don't miss that.


What's the cause of many health problems in America today? It's simple, shitty food. Food that is engineered to keep us addicted. Offering zero real nutrition crafted by mega corporations that prioritize profit over our wellbeing. Our food system is broken and we just cannot rely on big food to put our health first. As You know, if you are skeptical of the ingredients and the food you buy and you should be, or if you're looking for something new you can trust. I wanna introduce you to Kettle and Fire Bone Broth. Kettle and Fire is not just any broth. It's made using 100% grass fed and free range bones Slow sied for over 14 hours to extract critical nutrients your body needs to Thrive it's high in protein. And better yet, each recipe is crafted by world class chefs to ensure the best taste possible. This is the bone broth I use and I've been using this for a couple years now. So with Thanksgiving right around the corner, consider using Kettle and Fires broths to add rich, delicious flavor. No artificial flavors, no harmful pesticides. It's just simple ingredients to support your health. Find Kettle and Fire in the broth aisle at grocery stores nationwide. And For a limited time. My viewers and listeners get 15% off by going to Kettle and fire.com/mk. That's Kettle and fire.com/mk. That's where I get it. Online or pick. Get up at your next grocery store. Trip Kettle and Fire. Play with your food, not your health.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET. MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not. just the highs. Woo The Os Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team. good hike The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football You only. get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now. live across the D MV bet MG M and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER


When it comes to hiring. The best way to search for a candidate isn't a search at all. With Indeed Don't Search Match Indeed is your matching and hiring platform with over 350 million global monthly visitors according to Indeed Data and a matching engine that helps you find quality candidates fast. If you need to hire, you need Indeed. You can even use Indeed for scheduling, screening and messaging to connect with candidates faster. 93% of employers agree that Indeed delivers the highest quality matches compared to other job sites. According to a recent Indeed Survey. And since Indeed's matching Engine is constantly learning from your preferences, the more you use Indeed, the better it gets. Join over 3.5 million businesses worldwide that use Indeed to hire great talent Fast. Plus listeners get a $75 sponsored job credit to get your jobs more visibility@indeed.com slash s xm. Just go to indeed.com/s xm right now and support our show by saying you heard about Indeed on this podcast. Terms and conditions apply. Need to hire you. Need indeed.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Donald Trump is the President-elect, but he does not take office for two more months and the current administration appears to be doing everything it can to push its agenda through in the final months. Nowhere is that more obvious than in relation to Ukraine, where we just learned that team Biden is looking to cancel over four and a half billion dollars in debt that Ukraine owes us, the American people, the move drawing sharp criticism from Republicans, including Senator Rand Paul. And that's not all we learned about what our administration is doing this week. My next guest is an American economist who has a long history of speaking out on Russia and Ukraine and why this war must end. He And I. Were both speakers at the same conference back in September, the All in Summit with our pals from the All In Podcast.


Joining me now, Columbia University Professor Jeffrey Sachs. Jeffrey, welcome to the show. Great to have you. Yeah, great to be with you. thank you so much. So of course the even bigger news, in addition to canceling billions of dollars in debt that they owe us is the fact that the Biden administration authorized Ukraine to fire us made and supplied missiles deeper into Russia following months of lobbying from Ukraine, which has the Russians apoplectic saying this could lead to World War iii, And I. Don't a lot of people wanna just dismiss that as empty rhetoric. I know you don't think we should. I agree with you. Explain.


Well, this is an unbelievably irresponsible action of an unbelievably irresponsible and failed administration. This war could have ended years ago. It could have been prevented entirely had Biden just had some little measure of diplomacy to understand the Russian concerns. But this current decision that now US missiles attack a missiles will be used and fired deep inside Russia in the waning days of a failed administration. It's, it's just such a reckless disregard for our safety and for our lives.


President Putin's been making the point all along that, look, if you use these particular weapon systems, this is Americans that are doing the targeting that are essentially launching these missiles against Russia. It would be like Russia maybe in submarines off the coast of the United States firing missiles into the us That would be an attack by Russia on the United States. And Putin says, if you do this, this is an, an attack by Ukraine. This is an attack by the United States on Russia. It's perfectly clear, it's perfectly sensible, it's perfectly stupid that Biden is doing this.


But what makes it all the more obnoxious, frankly, is that the Pentagon and Biden said before the election, they wouldn't do this. They explained that this would not have a consequential result on the direction of the war, but it could ratchet up the war and lead to an escalation that could end up being catastrophic. So this very decision that was just made in the last few days was rejected. It was made exactly the opposite way a few weeks ago. But You know, we don't even know whether the the president is, is, is Compass menis. We, we have no idea who's actually making these decisions.


Is this Jake Sullivan? Is this, is this the Pentagon? Is this the CIA? Is this Biden? We don't even hear from the guy. And these are momentous, irresponsible actions. I just, I can't really recall something like this before it. And I haven't trusted these people from the get-go because they have been failures on diplomacy all along. But to make a decision like this when it's the waning weeks of a failed administration that's lost the election and new government's coming in, it's, it's shameful and it's dangerous. You know, my mom graduated from high school in 1959.


I graduated from high school in 1988 and for various reasons I think her generation and my generation feared the Russians, right? That during my generation it was the Cold War and even had these duck and cover drills in school, we were so worried about a nuclear standoff or conflict with Russia. Today, people are out Christmas shopping, they're debating Trump's cabinet picks. They're getting ready for Thanksgiving. No one's treating this. Like we treated what arguably was a far less provocative situation in the Cold War. Like we're actually engaged in a hot war right now with Russia in Ukraine.


But we're ignoring it. And it's escalating You. You're exactly right. And by the way, we, we should be afraid. Russia has 6,000 nuclear warheads. And we should understand Russia is afraid of us. We have 6,000 nuclear warheads. Both sides have 1,600 actively deployed nuclear warheads aiming at each other. They're afraid of us. And You know this has been, and, and they're afraid of us not in some irrational crazy sense, in the sense that they actually don't want nuclear war and they don't want the United States military and its missiles really on their border.


And that's what people really need to understand about why this war is taking place in the first place. What this whole thing in Ukraine has been about is that our deep state got it in its head at the end of the Soviet Union back in December, 1991, that we ruled the roost. We can do what we want. We can go anywhere we want. We can decide where our missile systems are. We can leave any treaty we want. We can put NATO military bases anywhere we want. And that Russia couldn't do anything about. Its literally that attitude that that arrogance or that hubris.


And so we started this NATO enlargement towards Russia, and the Russians kept saying, don't do this, don't do this. Don't come any closer. And we were, don't worry, it's our choice. We can go where we want. And Clinton started the NATO expansion against the advice of top diplomats and experts, military experts and so forth, maybe wanted the vote of the Polish Americans in Illinois or Michigan that is so irresponsible. But the first wave of NATO enlargement was to hungry Poland and the Czech Republic. That was 1999. Then in 2004, George W. Bush Jr. Another seven countries, Estonia, Lavia, Lithuania, Bulgaria, Romania, Slovenia, and Slovakia You know, just moving eastward.


And the Russians had Stop, okay, stop. And then Bush and Cheney and, and Victoria Newland. Now my colleague at Columbia University, the, the ultra NeoCon, they said, no, no, we're gonna go all the way to Ukraine and to Georgia, right up against Russia's 2,100 kilometer border with Ukraine. And the Russians said, do not do that. Do not come to our border. Like we once said to the Soviet Union, do not put military bases and nuclear weapons in Cuba.


But the United States said, we don't have to care. We can do whatever we want. And that went through too promising that NATO would enlarge to Ukraine and to Georgia. Then the United States helped to overthrow a Ukrainian government in February, 2014 that wanted toity because President, why doesn't that get more attention? No, I'm sorry. We lived Through that. We covered that on Fox News. Just, yeah. Spend a Minute on Covid. Why doesn't it more attention, why doesn't it get more attention? Because the New York Times and M-S-N-B-C and the mainstream media refuse to talk about any history. And Megan, I I know about it in the most absurd way because I could not get 700 words even online.


I didn't demand print just online in the New York Times to respond to the fact that they said that the war that Putin launched against Ukraine was quote unprovoked. And they used that word 26 times. My assistant counted in their op-ed columns during the first year after February, 2022. And the whole thing was provoked And, I happened to see it because I've been involved in that region for more than 30 years. And the New York Times would not tell the truth. They would not inform their readers even with one online piece. You know they could, they could. So they're not gonna Talks about the fact that we orchestrated a coup in Ukraine in 2014 with Hillary Clinton.


W they don't talk about any such stuff that we do. You think they were interested in who blew up Nord Stream? Do you think they were interested in who made the coup? Do you think they were interested in where the Covid virus came from? You know a thousand things that are really messed up. They don't cover at all because they're kind of, whatever the deep state tells us, whatever our official sources tell us or whatever our unnamed official sources tell us, that's what we're going with. And so they don't cover this stuff. They don't discuss any background, but they do carry a narrative. And the narrative is Putin's a madman and a a madman and You know wants to recreate the Russian empire.


Except, except, don't worry, he will never do anything with nuclear weapons. I mean, it's all completely inconsistent in incoherent. And if one understood the Russian side of this story, not only the NATO enlargement that I just recounted, but the fact that the United States, the US unilaterally walked out of the anti-ballistic Missile Treaty in 2002 and the Russians said, what are you doing? We have a, a nuclear arms control framework for stability in the US and nah, we do what we want. The United States walked out of the intermediate nuclear Force treaty in 2019.


We do what we want. The United States stationed ages, anti-ballistic missiles in Poland and Romania, nearby Russia. And the Russians saying, don't do that. The United States says we do what we want. And then Putin asked Biden, we have reports, well, are you gonna station missiles in Ukraine? And the report is that Blinken told the Russian foreign minister Sergei Lara in January, 2022, we do what we want. It's none of your business. And then we're surprised that there's war and then we violate our own limits and we reverse our policies within days.


And we have no deliberation in the United States at all. It's not just people going to the malls. Is there a senator or a congressman that's paying attention to this? Frankly, it's just unbelievable what is happening. It definitely seems like the Trump administration's aware, we know JD Vance is paying attention to this, but they've got two months. Oh, He is paying, he's gotten this completely. He understands this completely. And President Trump Couple has been very clear about this. Also, I interviewed Vladimir Putin in, in the Kremlin in Moscow, in St. Petersburg at his economic conference. And then again, and the that third time where we really sat down and, and went to head to head on a bunch of things was in Kalin grad, which is where they keep their nukes.


And it was a really humbling experience to be in a place that with the press of a button could launch the annihilation of the world. And you really feel it in a very acute way. And especially when you're across from the man who could do it, who You know, unlike Kim Jong-Un where where Trump's like, I've got a bigger button in my works. Putin's button works too. And if people keep saying like, he's evil, he's evil, he's evil, And I understand what's happening in Ukraine and war is very ugly. But I've been saying to people it's more complicated than evil. Like he's strategic, he's making decisions that he thinks are in the best interest of mother Russia, and we just dismiss him as this evil cretin at our own peril.


Like we need to understand the greater situation that got us here and more importantly, that will get us out of here. And I think he is a rational actor. Like I, I think Trump is right, that he probably could get this thing resolved in a day. And how would he do that? How would he go about doing that? Megan, not only is he rational, he's extremely intelligent. And not only is this not some crazy act, it is understandable from Russia's point of view and it is irresponsible from the American side that we have pushed and pushed and pushed because of an arrogance that came in the United States strategic leadership at the end of the Soviet period when they decided, when people like Wolfowitz and Cheney decided we can do anything we want.


We can have any wars we want. As literally Wolfowitz had told General Wesley Clark, Russia can't respond. We can do what we want. It is that arrogance that has been the biggest problem of all for us because it has gotten the United States into less and less security like we are in right now. Now this war could have been avoided entirely at multiple points. I I won't go through every bit of the history, but I will tell you that at the end of 2021, president Putin put a draft security agreement on the table online also, not just on the table.


So we could all read it a US Russia draft security agreement. You could still find it online. And the essence of it was stop the NATO enlargement. I called the White House at that point. I talked to Jake Sullivan, I said, avoid this war. Negotiate this is good diplomacy. He said, no, no, we have an open door policy. I said, that's ridiculous. There is no such thing as an open door policy that the United States gets to station its military bases anywhere it wants and expect others not to have a say in it, especially when it's Russia and their say about the United States military on their border.


And yeah, he dismissed all of that. So that war totally could have been avoided. Then in March, 2022, I think people are not aware that Russia and Ukraine actually agreed on a peace arrangement based on Ukrainian neutrality. And the United States nixed it. The US told them, fight on no neutrality. We got your back. And as I often say, yeah, we have their back, but not their front because they're being killed from the front. 600,000 Ukrainians dead since the US nix this little thing. And Ukraine losing land in the process every day it gets worse.


But in our arrogance, we haven't stopped it. This is Biden's colossal failure. So could Trump end this in a day? Yes. And the way to do it would be to go to the core of what this is about. This is about NATO enlargement. This is about Russian national security. And to say properly and rightly, Mr. President Putin, you stop the war and we end this wrongheaded idea of NATO enlargement to your border. You view that as reckless. This was a bad idea. We need to keep a space between us. We are the two most powerful nuclear superpowers in the world.


We need a little bit of buffer in between. Ukraine will be neutral, it will be secure. You stop fighting, we stop trying to draw it into our military orbit. This is how the war war Acts. What happens with the territory that Russia's already taken in Ukraine? Oh, Russia's gonna keep a lot of that, that it's taken because that's ethnically Russian. And when Russia proposed, and again, you need to know the history of this, I mean You know, but people need to understand the history of this. Russia didn't make territorial demands before this latest round starting in February, 2022. What Russia had asked for rightly was give autonomy to the Russian speakers of Eastern Ukraine.


And that was put into a treaty backed by the UN Security Council unanimously called the Mince two agreement. And what did the US do? It whispered to the Ukrainians, ah, you don't have to do that stuff. That's all right. Just ignore the treaty. And so what would've been territorial integrity of Ukraine was squandered again by the West because we're very cynical and very arrogant. And so we think we can just get our way. And it it is Okay, wait, but let me a, let me follow up with you on that. Yeah, sure. Is it hubris? Yeah. Is it hubris on our part or is it like a desire for war or both?


I don't think it's a desire for war. I think it's being an absolutely arrogant, awful poker player because the United States kept saying, if we do what we want, Russia has no alternative. You can actually go back in a, a fascinating, completely wrong account given by big new Brozinsky. The, remember the foreign policy guru who wrote a book in 1997 called the Global Chess Board, and he talked about NATO enlargement and he has a chapter in it, which I went back to recently read because it's kind of the blueprint of what we did.


And he reasons that we can do what we want because Russia has no recourse. And he predicts, he says, well, Russia will never side with China. Russia will never form an alliance with Iran. Wrong, wrong. So much is wrong. And he concludes by saying Russia has no option but to just go along with an expanding Europe and an expanding nato. So he called it wrong, but that is how the US acted. They were playing poker, excuse me, with a lousy hand. And they didn't understand what was really going on.


They thought Putin's not going to start a war over this. They thought, well, if he does are sanctions are gonna kill the the Russian economy. I know that because I spoke to the the US officials about that as it was happening. And Biden, Biden said it, it doesn't work. Biden was Like, just watch, just watch. Come back and You know, let's check back in in six months or 12 months, whatever he said. And Russia was fine. They had found other partners. E exactly. And it it, it was not hard to predict because these sanctions are always overblown. They could do damage, but they're terribly overblown. Then it was gonna be our, our miracle weapons systems are high Mars and our attack hims and all the rest that were gonna do it.


In other words, they kept saying, we'll win, they'll lose as this keeps escalating. You know Obama did a lot wrong on this because it was during Obama that this coup against the Ukrainian Neutralist government was launched with the US on February 22nd, 2014. So Obama has a lot to answer for on this. But he did realize one thing after that happened, he said, You know we can't get into a war with Russia on this because they have what, what Obama called escalatory dominance.


If we raise the stakes, they'll raise it further. Because for us going NATO enlargement, that's kind of a game. And it is a game from the point of view of Jake Sullivan or others. But from the point of view of Russia, it's existential. So Obama knew, well, they'll just keep escalating. I don't want to get into that. Biden is just so knows so bad at this, and his team blink in and Sullivan, the, the whole team has been terrible. But, but the whole point is they played it like a game. Whereas for Russia, this is first order national security. This is the most basic stuff and this is why we need to take absolutely seriously the change of the nuclear doctrine.


The fact that from Russia's point of view, they now regard the United States as actively attacking Russia with our missiles. And it's an accurate assessment by the way. And I'm just hoping and counting on President Putin as a very rational and steely character. No doubt, tough minded and very rational to hold without blowing things up so that President Trump can come into office and they can discuss things rationally, which has not happened during Biden, but it's almost what we don't want is to have Joe Biden, depending on Putin's forbearance, knowing that Trump is coming in You know there's only so far he can be pushed.


I agree. I'm so dismayed and shocked by what's happened in the last couple of days. Because when the Pentagon said before November 5th, we're not going to do this, they explained why this is dangerous, it's provocative, it will not change the course of the conventional war, but it could lead to nuclear escalation. They explained all of it. They actually sent the British Prime Minister packing because the British are exceptionally irresponsible in all of this as a 19th century imperial power. They have their delusions of grandeur still, and they want the United States to do the dirty work.


So Starmer came over to the White House, you'll recall, and tried to talk Biden into this. And the Pentagon said, no, this makes no sense. Now, what also is very disturbing about all of this from my point of view, is that such a momentous decision was made without any explanation to the public by President Biden. I don't know whether he can give an explanation anymore. I don't know who really makes these decisions anymore, but it's not acceptable with our lives in the balance to and with a administration on its way out in a few weeks to be making decisions like this and then right at period.


But then not even accounting for them or explaining them. That's right. And we see him, what do we see? We see him stumbling on the beach in Delaware, missing the photo ops at the G 20. Like there's no reason to believe he's in control and in command. And we just, that is correct. Pray for the next two Months. But, and the responsibility. But on a brighter note Of, let, let's do a brighter note because I have, can we heard you talk about, because I said this to my audience when I went over to Russia those couple of times, I was floored by how loving the Russian people were toward America. They loved to hear that I was a US citizen. They loved to talk about America. They had no animosity toward us at all.


You know our world leaders get us into these conflicts and have these You know, as we've just discussed, they, they're not thinking the way the citizenry is. But what could it, what could the relationship look like in the next phase? You know once Trump gets in there and JD is in there too in his ear, what could things look like after we wrap this thing up? Which I, I do think it will be wrapped up pretty quickly. Lemme just tell you that in December, 1991, I was in the Kremlin because I was an advisor to President Boris Yeltsin on his economic crisis that they were facing. And I sat in the room in the Kremlin and Boris Yeltsin came from the far side of a very, very big room out into the room from a back door in the background, walked up to the table and said, gentlemen, shots for everyone.


Was I, I just kidding. I was a chair. I was chairing a delegation. And he said, gentlemen, I would like to tell you the Soviet Union is over. He said, I've just been meeting with the heads of the Soviet military, pointed to the door in the back, in the back and said, they have agreed to the end of the Soviet Union. And then he went on to talk about how Russia would be a normal country friendly with the United States, friendly with Europe, a normal market economy, a a normal democratic country, how it wanted normalcy and good relations. And I spoke then and said, Mr. President, I am sure that this is how the United States sees it too.


I'm sure the United States is gonna give you a hand in this deep economic crisis so that the Soviet Union fell into, to help you find your way out of this in a, in a perfectly fine manner. Well, I, I was wrong. The United States neocons did not want peace. They wanted dominance. They wanted what is called hegemony. They wanted to be able to move NATO where they want. They wanted to be able to put American missiles where they want, they wanted to leave whatever treaties they wanted. They behaved very, very badly. Could we have normal cooperative relations with Russia? Of course we could.


That's what they wanted. I saw it with my own eyes. I heard it with my own ears. I was there. I saw it with President Kuchma of Ukraine. I was an advisor to the Ukrainian government also. We had the chance really for peace. But the neocons didn't want peace. They wanted hegemony. They wanted us dominance. It was arrogance. It, it, and, and they played things so badly for so many years, for more than 30 years now to get us to this absolutely powerless state That was unimaginable in 1991. Unimaginable that we'd be talking about whether there would be a nuclear war between the two countries.


So could Trump and Vance poll this back to normalcy? Of course they could. And by the way, I have to say the same with China, because everyone says, oh, China, we have to hate China. China's our biggest threat. We have to be nice to Russia so we can hate China. This too is completely mistaken. We don't need to hate either of these countries. They both want peace and cooperation and economic development. That's what they want. Russia, Russia is a more persuasive case to me. China, I I there's just been too much. Yeah. I'll tell you negative news about what they're doing. You know, I mean, but You know. It's just recently the police Sta the secret police in New Yorker, You know, threatening Chinese speakers there.


I mean, the buying of The land, Megan, we're, we're sending, we're sending billions of dollars of armaments to Taiwan that we in our diplomacy Yeah. Recognize as part of China. And if China starts sending billions of dollars of armaments to one of the US states, you'll know that we have a problem. I have been going to China for, I agree. I've been going now having lived Into Taiwan situation. The the smartest people I've talked to are say, we should not get involved in that. That's Absolutely, but that's the, that's The biggest issue. Biggest. But Taiwan's already part of China and we shouldn't get involved over there. And no one wants to see American boots on the ground in Taiwan. And we should stop being so provocative with respect to Taiwan.


Bravo. That's the main point of irritants with China. The other point of irritants is the South China Sea, because we have a doctrine that we have choke points on China. Sea lanes. If we would just calm down, we would find that there are plenty of grounds for cooperation. And that's the point. We need to calm down. We need to stop being in the other guy's face, especially the face of another superpower. We need to stop saying we can do whatever we want. We can send our armaments to Taiwan. We can, we can strike with our missiles inside Russia. We have to get over that mentality.


And then we're gonna find that there's actually the basis for cooperation. Now, I've heard you go so far as to say similar things about Iran. Now that's gonna make people's heads explode because Well, let Me, lemme do it. Let me, let me do it. They're Trying to assassinate Donald Trump right now. Like there's no world in which we can have you explain it to us. Okay. Fir first. First they're not. And, and second, we have been assassinating their leaders for years. By the way, this is not even, this is bragged about by the United States. I, I happen to be at in New York. When the president of Iran came to visit And, I listened to him speak.


He's a heart surgeon and he talked about, as a doctor, he saves the life of anybody. Whether he likes the person on the operating table or not. He spoke about peace the whole time. How was it reported in our media? War, war, war. The media, the deep state plays a lot of games with us. Megan. They wanna stir up war. They wanna stir up military contracts. They wanna stir up the US ability to do whatever it wants. I'm not buying it 'cause I see it with my own eyes. Well, that we gotta continue this discussion in more depth anytime, because I would love to get into anytime Iran and China more, but I think you're making a lot of sense on Ukraine.


There's just, there's just too much blood and treasure lost already. We, they've lost the war. We have to acknowledge that, cut the losses and try to move forward in a constructive way. Especially for you Got it. Our people for Americans. Exactly right. Exactly right. Jeffrey, it's a pleasure. thank you so much for being on. I love great To be with you. Thanks so much Sachs, everybody. thank you. And we are back tomorrow with VDH, the one and only. And also guess who else is coming back on. The ladies from the Red Scare podcast, speaking of Red scares, they're gonna be here from the Red Scare Podcast. We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET. MGM. Sportsbook. That's right. Not. just the highs. Woo The Os Oh or the no, no nos. no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only. get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now. live across the D MV bet MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER.