
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


Jared knows what moms really want for Mother's Day. The opportunity to just sleep in and dream of idle playgrounds, empty sinks, and perfectly folded laundry. Of course, there's no better way to compliment Mom's peace of mind than with a piece of fine jewelry from Jar Jewelers, a sparkling diamond pendant necklace, or even 14 carat gold. Who Bess perfect for the woman who keeps everything in your family. Perfect. This Mother's Day be the dad who went to Jared.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show and today's bonus episode. We are down in DC for an exclusive interview with Tulsi Gabbard that airs tomorrow morning. But today we're bringing you a look at our first two MK Media podcast Network shows The Nerve with Maureen Callahan. Launched late last week and has been on fire, actually launched on Tuesday of last week. And Next Up with Mark Halperin launched yesterday and is off to a great start. Here's some of the excellent reporting and analysis, fun, smart, entertaining and compelling from Maureen and Mark and go ahead and Subscribe and follow their shows on YouTube and podcast and social media platforms back tomorrow.


See you then. So Maria Shriver, you may have seen her on her little media tour. She has a new book out which I finally bought. I, I was having trouble bring, bringing myself to put money in her pocket, but You know, it's for a greater good. Okay, so this is the book, it's called I am Maria Maria Shriver number one New York Times bestselling author. And in fact, to my great dismay, I saw in this weekend's book review it has debuted at number one on the New York Times list. And that was, that was the inciting event. I said, I've got to talk to you guys about this and we've gotta take it apart. So You know, Maria Shriver, I'm gonna give you my blanket objections to her and then we can go in and and really dig in piece by piece.


Maria Shriver has newly reinvented herself, I'm gonna say over the past decade, as a real Christian woman of faith whose difficulties in life now have imbued her with so much wisdom and experience that her job is now to teach all of us how to become better people and really self-actualized again, whatever that means. But this is the garbage language that we are infected with in this current culture. Maria Shriver and this loops into this new book, her husband Arnold Schwartzenegger, the mega movie star of the eighties, there was nobody bigger, maybe sliced alone.


He had an affair, I'm gonna say actually a relationship because it went on for about 10 years with the Schwartzenegger slash Shriver households made that affair resulted in a child who was kept a secret for about 10 to 15 years. This child spent a lot of time in Arnold and Maria's home among Arnold and Maria's four children, one of whom Patrick Schwartzenegger starred in the white lotus for my money. By the way, one of the best performances on the whole show. Oh, I also saw Jason Isaacs at the White House correspondence dinner. Very small guy like shorter than I'm, I'm five seven.


He's like maybe five five and like real thin. But anyway, so the kids grow up with this other child in their home often. And this child, we're going to show you a picture of him is the spitting image of Arnold Schwarzenegger. Okay? So Maria Shriver would have us believe that the wool was pulled over her eyes for about 15 years, that she had no idea that this could have been a child fathered by her own husband, who by the way, open secret in Hollywood. I remember reading about this as a kid in like Premier Magazine and movie Line Magazine. This was back when magazines really mattered and they like really delivered the goods and it was reported often in there.


Not only that Arnold was a serial womanizer, but that he was really creepy with women on sets and way too handsy and he definitely would've been me Tood. You are telling me that if I'm like a kid in suburban Long Island and I know about this, that Maria Shriver doesn't know about it, not buying it, Maria Shriver doesn't know that this kid who's a carbon copy of her distinct looking husband with a jaw that like, come on you, you don't, okay, fine. Whatever the story breaks Maria shocked taking to her bed, her fainting couch. Can't believe it. By the way, she grew up at Kennedy, okay? This is what these men do. They treat their women like shit.


They have affairs, they sire other kids. Sometimes they leave women for dead. She's shocked, guys shocked to her bones. She's a big Christian. All we see whenever Joseph Bena, that's the name of the child, he's now an adult that Arnold had with the housekeeper. And to Arnold's credit, he has been a present and loving father to this, to this kid. You know, Maria reportedly, allegedly has iced this kid out, okay, this kid is not welcome. All of the siblings, the half siblings, whatever, they're all adults now.


And by the way, one of her, her daughters, Catherine Schwartzenegger, who sort of pedals in this lifestyle, self help wellness bullshit, is married to Chris Pratt who prides himself on being a big Christian. I ask you, what is Christian about icing out this kid who is here through no fault, this is not his fault, that affair, that relationship, that is not his fault. Why is he iced out of being around the paragons of virtue in Christianity? Maria Shriver, this is why I didn't wanna spend money on her book, you guys, but I did it because it is for a greater good. We're gonna take her apart as she should be. You know, she gets such like velvet glove treatment because as we all know, regrettably, because they cannot stop banging on about it.


Her best friend is Oprah Winfrey, You know, so, and she had a big career, by the way, in media. She was a quote unquote journalist. And I have a personal anecdote to share at the end of this bit that you guys are, I don't know if it's gonna shock you, but when it happened to me, I was kind of shocked. So she's got this book out and it's a book of poetry, okay? The base price for this book you bought, you buy it in a bookstore, which I encourage, 'cause You know Amazon gets enough of our money. 30 bucks, you're buying it in Canada, 39 99. This book is very small and by I mean physically small, okay? That means that the publisher is trying to scam you by making it look like it has more pages than an actual standard size book would.


Okay? It's a book of her poetry and I'm gonna read just a little bit of it to you because I love you and I would never torture you like this. You're gonna gag, okay? You're don't drink anything while you're listening to this segment, you're gonna gag. So she gives us a little bit in the beginning and a little bit in the end of like actual prose we can read and she opens with reflections. The first line, I am Maria, no shit, lady, your picture's on the cover. Your book is called I am Maria and your name is on the bottom as the author. Okay? She tells us that searching for the authentic Maria, uncovering, discovering and recovering her garbage to fill up space has been a challenge for me all my life.


For decades, I couldn't see her because I was looking for myself in all the wrong places. What is this? You may be wondering, what on earth took me so long to see these truths? Trust me, I've asked myself that question a million times. I now understand I couldn't have known these truths until I learned them and I couldn't have learned them until I lived them and I couldn't lived them until I had to. She's sounding like Mel Robbins another total and complete moron who is out there shilling snake oil to the women of America. And I really hate this because it's all so inauthentic and none of it's true. I've ripped many of these poems out of a place of fear, shame, confusion, and darkness. Okay? This scandal happened, I'm gonna say it was at least 20 years ago, so I, I think she's very late to this party now.


She gives us a little bit of an origin story in case we don't know that she's a Kennedy because trust me, these Kennedys never let any of us forget that they're Kennedys, though they probably should. You see, she begins, which is so cloying. It's a way of trying to establish relatability with the reader. And it always puts me off when people say, you see, because it's a tell to me that they, that they are so above the rest of us that they need to bring themselves down to earth in order to converse with us, even though we are the ones putting money in said pocket. I grew up in a big competitive Irish Catholic family where you didn't sit around and talk about your feelings, you went out into the world and had an impact. The bar was set high and I mean really high.


We know, we know in the tons of biographies, historical accounts, magazine articles, documentaries, memoirs that have been published since the assassination of JFK in 1963. We know you don't have to tell us, please don't tell us, just spare us. Just, just assume You know what, just give us our dignity and assume that we all have a modicum of intelligence and know who you are. That's why you got this book deal. That's why you got your own publishing imprint. That's why you get on the Today Show and all manner of public national platforms to sell your garbage. Okay, fast forward to 2003 and Kapow exclamation point.


My movie star husband abruptly decided he wanted to run for governor of California. Wait, what? You gotta be kidding me, okay? When Arnold Schwartzenegger, again known womanizer, known social climber, everybody knew as early as the eighties that he had his eye on the White House on finding a way to get around or or add an amendment to the Constitution, which would allow foreign born people to run for president of the United States. Everybody knew that this, this was this guy's ultimate goal. What better way than at that time to marry a prominent Kennedy? We all knew it. Maybe Maria really did dilute herself.


I don't know. She goes on to tell us more Mel Robbins stuff about living her authentic life, blah, blah blah. Let's flash forward to a poem, shall we? This poem is called Dallas. Guess what it's about. The word pulls the trigger. That is really poor choice of language rips through my house like a, like the Wind. Dallas, why did you forsake us? Why did you let that happen? Why did you, where were you? This is garbage, garbage, garbage. Okay, now we get to a poem called Rejection, which I'm guessing is about Arnold. You know what I'm talking about?


Don't play naive, don't pretend you didn't know. Don't pretend it didn't cut. Face it, that familiar feeling of rejection, it cuts, it makes you wince. And this St. Vincent Malay, this is not, and by the way, in the introduction to her book, she tells us that she's done talking about her marriage and you won't find any real details about it. Here again, what are we all doing here? Either talk about the marriage and put it on the page and tell your story or don't, but don't be a tease Maria. You know, everybody learns that like everybody hates a tease. So I'm gonna tell you my little Maria Shriver story, which is that in 2019 I had published a book for the same publisher that publishes Maria Shriver. It's Viking, and it was called American Predator.


It was a true crime story. Immediately hit the New York Times bestseller list, it outperformed their expectations and it makes them still to this day, a ton of money. They said to me, whatever you want about write about next, we will publish it. We don't care. You know, because all they could see was dollar signs. I said, great. Here's my next book. Guess what it was? Ask Not. Which is the book that came out last summer, Kennedy book about all the Kennedy women that family has like fucked with and destroyed. My publisher went radio silent for a good few months, which is a very, very, it's like a no-no in that world you don't do that. You can really screw with an author's career doing that because suddenly everybody thinks that I'm a problem.


That the author's the problem. If a publishing house doesn't wanna go near a a, an author that has just sold them a ton of books, there's got to be a major issue, right? She, Maria, thanks. In this book, this guy Brian Hart, who is the publisher of Said House, right? Brian was my publisher. I thought he loved me until Word got back to me that I, Viking had likely passed. I'm gonna say likely allegedly passed because they were getting in bed with Maria Shriver and giving her her own imprint and they didn't wanna upset her delicate sensibilities, to which I said, that's a bunch of bullshit because Maria Shriver likes to call herself a journalist, and any journalist worth their salt would never wanna trample on anyone's first amendment right?


To express themselves in the pages of a book or their ideas. No matter how confrontational or upsetting. I also had a fellow author decline to give me a blurb for the book saying that the her, this person, I will not gender this person was too afraid of upsetting Maria Shriver, which to me, I was like, are you are? Are you kidding? Upset Maria Shriver, who cares? So that will lead us to Jack Schlossberg. I, I've been dying to do this for a very long time and I'm so happy this platform has afforded me this and it is my fervent hope that this winds up in Jack Schlosser's Instagram feed. Because he went after me personally a couple of months ago after I wrote a story, a column for the Daily Mail, in which I basically said, why isn't Caroline Kennedy coming to get her son?


Because his social media accounts and his trolling of people who are really far more accomplished and intelligent than he is. By the way, this is a 3-year-old man who has no real job and spends his days filming himself for Instagram. And I mean it's like, it's almost, I'm not saying he is, but it's like watching somebody who's like bipolar and in a manic face and they can't stop doing something like posting, posting, posting. And they speak in ways that actually make zero sense, even though he'll remind you more than once. He's been to Harvard twice you guys twice and it's not like he's a legacy or anything. But anyway, he went after me personally after I wrote a column basically saying, this is the kind of Kennedy that the family used to like Lobotomize and Hide, ask, not read about Rosemary.


And anyway, he's out there making an absolute ass of himself. There was a story in page six that I just loved and it basically said that Jack JFK's grandson is doing more harm to the Kennedy name than the rest of them combined. That's coming from Kennedy family members. And that says a lot, again, when you're talking about a family that has unli women who were inconvenient, left someone to drown or die, she didn't drown. She suffocated in three feet of water that says a lot. He then went on to social media and started calling me names, okay? Like, it's gonna take more than that Jo Jack, it's gonna take more than that.


Jack calling me names. He called I, I'll repeat it for you because he thought it was witty. He called me Maureen, Maureen vagina. I guess he thought my name rhymes with like a female body part that by definition should be something we mock and laugh about. Which You know, by the way, I've never understood that. I've never frankly understood why the P word, the word pussy is supposed to be sort of a a put down in the culture. I mean, women give birth, You know, we are incredibly powerful because of that bodily part that men don't possess. So You know, fuck you. Anyway, Jack's been on Instagram for a couple of reasons. Number one, he is loudly taking a very brave, determined stance.


We're not talking Israel versus Palestine. We're talking the Met Gala and he is telling us that he is boycotting the Met Gala. And you can watch a little bit of this from his Instagram. Hey Anna Winter, I'm sorry, but I'm boycotting the Met Gala this year. I can't go in good conscience with so much happening around the world and at home. It's just not the time. It's not the time for a party like that. So I'm calling on everybody to boycott the Met Gala. It's not the time. Thank you guys. Thank you all so much. Thank you. Thank you all so much. Thank you. No, thank you. Anyway. Okay, enough, enough of the met I enough of him, enough of him, enough of him enough. This is another thing he does. He just says the same thing like over and over and over.


'cause he really doesn't have anything to say. Number one, as per news reports, he was not invited. Okay? That's why he's boycotting it. Number two, can we please look at a photo of Jack with his mommy at the Met Gala a few years ago? You guys look at the dress that Caroline Kennedy is wearing. Now, I am sure I can't prove it. I don't know of the actual receipts, but I'm sure that Anna Wintour put her in that dress because every attendee has to have their look approved by Anna. And so first of all, that's how like grubby Caroline Kennedy and her kid are, they're like willing to have Anna Wintour tell them what they can and cannot wear.


I mean, she's political royalty. Don't You know? Secondly, look at this, she looks like a Japanese cake exploded, or she actually looks like a couch exploded. It's sort of like the version of Kim Kay's dress when she went with Kanye that first year. This is an epic troll. This is an epic, epic troll. And her date is her Layabout, useless Nepo baby son who not for nothing was hired by Anna Wintour over the summer to be Vogue's political correspondent. And look at the tongue bathing he got for this, I believe. Did Annie Liebovitz shoot this? It was somebody big. We're looking at Jack on the floor in what looks like a newsroom next to a Xerox machine rolling around in Xeroxes of his own face.


He proceeded, I think he maybe wrote one or two columns, by which, I mean, I know how this works. I've seen it all. I see it all the time. These celebrities get these bylines. But what they do is they call an editor, they talk to an editor and an editor puts them into a cogent piece of writing that is semi publishable. And he instead went on Instagram and let's watch him explain to us why he feels the need to go live. Hey everybody. Hey everybody. Hey, welcome everybody. Hey, You know this is unplanned. I didn't plan any of this. I just decided to go live. I've never been live. I've never been live. Actually that's not true. One time I chugged a monster live. It's maybe 2018.


I think live is important. I think live is growing. I think live is the future. So that's why I'm going live today. Now you might be wondering why are you going live? What's up? Well, I wanted to show you that amount of footage because it ratifies my earlier point that all he does is repeat stuff. There's no actual content or original thought behind it. I'm going live, I'm going live. It's important to go live. I think live is growing. It's important to grow. Li what, what, what? What are you talking about? Why are you clogging up my goddamn feed with your bullshit? You're not bright, you're not talented, you have nothing to offer except your name, which sir, frankly is in the toilet.


Why don't you go get a job and be a productive member of society instead of talking like a child to an audience that you think adores you. Oh, by the way, I love this. For him, Alan Dershowitz is reportedly suing him for an online troll and it couldn't happen to a better guy. And I hope Alan Dershowitz takes this kid for whatever he's worth, which we all know is mommy's money. Next up, before we go to break, I wanna remind you guys that, listen, I've been getting, I read all the emails, all the dms, I'm responding to as many of them as I can, as quickly as I can. And God bless you because this is a problem.


So many people, including Josh Schlosberg would love to have


This July, there is a global summit of Brix nations in Rio de Janeiro. The block of emerging superpowers, You know, including China, Russia, India, and Iran. They're meeting with the goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling this the Rio Reset. As Brix nations push forward with their plans, global demand for US dollars will decrease bringing down the value of the dollars in your savings potentially while this transition won't happen overnight. The Rio Reset in July marks a pivotal moment when Bri's objectives move decisively from theoretical possibility toward inevitable reality. According to many experts, learn, if diversifying your savings into gold is right for you, Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard-earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA and precious metals. Claim your free info kit on gold by texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an A plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July and the Rio Reset text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today. Message and data rates apply.


And now joining me on next up our first episode, the Texas Senator Ted Cruz. Senator, very grateful to you for making time. Mark, Great to be with you. Thanks for having me. You spoke the other day about the two tariff paths that you and the President and some other, your colleagues discussed about a path that had the tariffs be short term and effective leverage and tariffs. I'll, I'll paraphrase that, lead to international calamity as we sit here on the hundredth day, the President's Administration, how are you feeling about the prospects that he's solidly on Path one? Look, I very much hope he is on Path one. Frankly, there there are voices within the administration that are advocating for both directions and, and, and there's a real difference of opinion within the administration on that front, I think President Trump has an historic opportunity, an opportunity to use the leverage, and he's got leverage no other president has had because he is credibly threatened these tariffs.


Suddenly our trading partners desperately want to cut deals and wanna dramatically reduce the tariffs they charge on US goods and goods and services in exchange for President Trump lifting the tariffs. He's announced, if we sit here, mark 30 days, 60 days, 90 days from now. And, and the outcome is that tariffs worldwide have gone down massively. That is an incredible and an historic victory for the United States. It's very much the path that I am urging the president to go down. There's another path and, and there's some vocal people in the administration advocating it that, that don't see the tariffs as leverage. They don't see them as means to an end.


They see the tariffs as the end and, and they, they want them to be a permanent feature of our economic system. The United States having very, very high tariffs are trading partners all having very high retaliatory tariffs. I think that would be a terrible outcome. I think that would be terrible for my home state of Texas. I think it would be terrible for the country. And I'll tell you candidly, I don't know which path we're gonna go down. I am trying very hard and I'm repeatedly urging the president go down path number one. But he's got voices that are urging path number two as well. And, and so I think that uncertainty is gonna persist for, for some, some time. You and I have not let exactly parallel life since we met in the 2000 Bush campaign, but we're both focused on being dads.


We both host video programs and we both sometimes look and wonder at the Trump administration and try to figure out exactly what's going on. And the last thing is, you and I are both talking regularly to owners of large small businesses and CEOs of corporations. Probably some of the same people who are really worried about path two. Yeah, paint a picture if, if if you're doesn't pervade and those of the administration would agree with you. What is Path two look like in Q2, Q3, Q4 this year for the American economy and the American family? Look, I think if we see high tariffs in perpetuity, you see a lot of businesses, their costs go up dramatically. I think you'd see businesses going outta business. I think you'd see prices going up significantly.


I think there's a real risk of going into a recession, all of which is a terrible outcome. I don't wanna see that happen. But, but I, I wanna underscore, You know, it's interesting there's been a fair amount of press coverage saying, oh Cruz is, is critical of the Trump tariffs. Lemme be very clear, I think Trump has an opportunity to do something that no other president in our lifetimes has done, which is to have real leverage to finally get our trading partners to lower the barriers they have to US goods and services. President Trump is exactly right, that there are lots of countries across this globe that trade ridiculously unfairly with us. That we opened up our market wide open to them and they put huge barriers that stop us from selling our goods and services in their country.


And listen, it's not complicated what President Trump's negotiating strategy is. He, he often will walk up, smack someone in the head, but with a two by four and then negotiate from there. And, and then with the tariffs he's announced, he's done the smack. Now what I've been urging him to do is cut the deals, come and cut the deals, get the other countries to dramatically lower, lower their barriers. And I will say it will be a rich irony if Donald J. Trump ends up being the greatest free trade president of our lifetimes. But I think that's entirely possible if he ends up negotiating some phenomenal deals. I hope that's the path we go down. And what people misunderstand is that's his goal. And as you said, there are plenty of people around him who share the crew's vision of how this should go.


And, and, and they hope as you do that, he takes that path. I could talk to you about terrorists for an hour 'cause that's the kind of guy I am. But let's move on. Let's move on to reconciliation. Big debate within your conference and on the house side about spending cuts. People want big cuts. They wanna prove that you're a fiscally responsible party, but as You know, the number of political fights that get picked every time you cut anything or restrain the rate of growth is very big. What are, what are the big spending restraints you would like to see personally? Not what the conference would like to see. What are the big spending restraints you would like to see? Look, I I think we will see significant spending cuts, how broad they are. I don't know.


I do think too much has been given to, to the level in the budget resolution of the House versus the Senate. I think at the end of the day, what matters is what's actually in the reconciliation package that passes. I can tell you in the Senate there are a number of us who are arguing that, that we've gotta reign back from the massive excesses that that COV produced, that, that, that, that the Covid pandemic became an excuse to increase federal spending by about 40%. It was a massive spending binge. And, and Washington being Washington when the pandemic was over, the spending didn't stop. And, and, and what we're doing I think is irresponsible. I think we need to see real leadership reigning it in.


I think we're seeing the president in particular, Elon Musk and Doge showing real leadership saying, Hey, we can reign back a lot of this waste, fraud and abuse. But where it falls exactly, it's gonna come down committee by committee in the Senate and House. And so we'll see. I'm gonna be pressing a number of us for, for doing more. And the question is gonna be what gets 50 votes in the Senate and what gets 218 votes in the house? But Senator gimme a couple specific programs with dollar amounts of where you would like to see cuts. Not what's gonna happen, not what the process will yield, but if they said, Senator Cruz, you decide, where would you like to see big cuts and what dollar figures? So listen, I I I am not laying out specific cuts that I'm advocating and in the Senate different people are focusing on on different aspects of what they're leaning in on.


So on that particular issue, the person who's probably been most vocal on that has been Ron Johnson. Ron Johnson, every week at lunch lays out, goes back to, for example, the 2019 budget. And what Ron Johnson is advocating is rather than start with where we are currently in cut, he says, let's go back to the 2019 budget before the pandemic and let's plus it up for, for population and inflation and let's hold social security and Medicare harmless, but, but reduce everything else from there. I think that's a sensible way to do it, building it up from where we were rather than cutting where we are. That being said, I'll tell you, you got 53 Republican senators, so different, different senators focus on different aspects of reconciliation.


I'm focusing on lots of different aspects of reconciliation, one of which that I'm focusing on is spectrum and making more electromagnetic spectrum available to, to the private sector. Why is that? Because my number one priority is jobs and there are very few policies that can make, can produce more jobs in the private sector, then freeing up spectrum for investment. I think it's critical that America win the race to 5G and six G. And what's interesting is, is by, by auctioning off spectrum, not only am I not spending money, but a spectrum auction generates about a hundred billion dollars in real revenue to the federal government from, from auctioning off that spectrum, plus the billions of investment in the hundreds of thousands of new jobs.


So that's been a big priority of mine, is fighting for spectrum to be in reconciliation. I'm also fighting for multiple different elements to be included in reconciliation, including no taxes on tips, which is my legislation, including eliminating the C-F-P-P-C-F-P-B, the zeroing out its budget and the the regulations that the CFPB puts in place I think are incredibly harmful to job creation. And two other things that I'm, I'm fighting to include are school choice. I have legislation that creates a federal tax credit for contributions to scholarship granting organizations in the states and, and also looking at creating investment accounts for children when they are born.


All of those are elements that are part of the discussion. The line by line spending cuts. I'm gonna support as big and bold a spending cuts as we can do, but in terms of creating the line by line, I've let others focus on that, whereas I'm focused on on on the issues I just laid out As I know you think school choice is civil rights issue of our time. And I agree with you on that and I think it's incredible what you've done in Texas and as you have said, most senators don't get involved in in state legislative business. But that's an issue you feel so strongly about that you've done. And it's a fascinating case study in how a federal official can actually impact their own constituents through the state. I'd love watching your podcast career, video podcast career. Yeah. And people haven't sampled the show.


You should. It's fascinating. And, and, and again, I knew you when you were a Bush staffer, so to watch the trajectory Sure. United States Senator whatever successful video podcast host, that's something. Now I, I watched a lot of your episodes and, and I want to, I wanna show you one thing and I wanna get your reaction to it, guys. This is, this is a 1 0 1. How Real is the prospect of, of killer robots annihilating humanity? 20% likely. Wow. Maybe 10% On what timeframe? Five to 10 years. So soon like you, you, you see a world where that's possible. Yeah. Alright, so reacting to what guests say, live as, as I do right here, very difficult, but I want you to just be a little introspective here.


One of the smartest people ever tells you that within 10 years there's a decent percent chance that robots will kill us all. I thought you were a little subdued, frankly. Well, I I I was subdued. But to be clear, the teasing out the question, what's the chance that we're all gonna die? And, and to have a, as you point out, one of the most brilliant men who ever lived, say 10 to 20% in five to 10 years, th that I, I sort of figured I'd, I'd let those words care carry the weight on their own. Alright. That was a good choice for a host. I would've jumped up screaming and maybe raced from the room. But you, you chose a different tech. It's kind of kind of compelling. I wanna hear about work Family Balance for you.


You know, your state's relatively far from Washington. You're, you've chosen to add this, what for some people would be a full-time job hosting, co-hosting this show. So talk about how you're currently balancing being a dad and a husband with your two full-time jobs. Yeah, look, it, it, it's the worst part of the job. It is the price that your family pays. So our girls right now, they're, they're 14 and 17. We've got two teenage girls at home, eighth grade and 11th grade. And my typical schedule, Ty, we live in Houston. So Heidi and the girls are in Houston. They go to school in Houston. And the usual schedule is that I fly to DC Monday mornings and I'm here Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday. And then usually I fly home Thursday nights, Fridays I'll do day trips across Texas.


Saturdays, I'll often do day trips across Texas. And then I try to keep Sundays as a down day for the family. That's rough. It means you miss a whole lot of things. You miss a lot of volleyball games, you miss a lot of dance performances. You know, that's, that's a really difficult aspect of it. It's also tough, tough on the girls. Look, any kid, any person wants to be known for who they are. And, and one of the realities in, in the heavily polarized world we're in is, is listen, politics is very different from, from how it used to be right now, the two sides, they hate each other's guts and, and there is an anger and vitriol that I really think is unfortunate.


I, I wish we learned to, to get along with each other and not hate the other side the way it is now. But, You know, I'll give you an illustration. 2017, the 2017 World Series. So I went to games three, four, and five in Houston, game three, I took my dad really cool to take your dad to a World series. We had season tickets to the Astros when I was a kid. So I gotta take my dad to that game four, I took Heidi, by the way, that was a complete waste. Heidi is not in in the baseball at all. She asked me if the Astros were gonna score a touchdown. I I I turned to her. I said, okay sweetheart, I'm offended that you're in this stadium right now that you're taking the seat of a real baseball fan.


But game five, I took Katherine, my youngest daughter. Now Katherine, it was the day after she had turned seven. And, and, and it was game five you may remember is the game that went till one 30 in the morning. Yep. It it's still the greatest game in, in the history of the Houston Astros. What's interesting, mark, is that game, I, I had no security. It was just me and Catherine. The two of us were dancing and hugging and it was one 30 in the morning. And I told her, sweetheart, you don't appreciate this now, but you'll tell your grandkids you were at this game. I bet you will. I think about that now. Yeah, I I I go to a lot of games, but, but now I always have a security detail with me because just the nature of the threat profile, you can't go to a game like that without security.


2017 barely even thought about it. That's an illustration. And unfortunately that puts a real price on the kids. Yeah, by far the worst part of the job. One last question 'cause I know you gotta go, you've run for president and even before then, you were a student, as I am of what it takes to run for president of all the Democrats who are discussed as potential 2028 presidential candidates. Who do you see as the most formidable to win a general election? To win a general election? Okay, that's a difference. You know, obviously it's Aly piece. You got a iterative process. Yeah. In a primary, I'll say this. I think if we had, if in 2024 there had been an open primary, yeah, I think the top four on the Democrats would've been Kamala Harris, Gavin Newsom, Elizabeth Warren, and Pete Buttigieg.


And I think in an open primary, I actually think in 24 Elizabeth Warren would've won that. That then I think Elizabeth Warren right now is the ID of the Democrat party. And, and Yeah, but who but who's I, I appreciate that, but because you got, I know you gotta go. Who's the most formidable to win a general election? Who do you look at the way Republican Democrats looked at George Bush in 98 99 and said, if that person's, their nominee gonna be tough to beat. Oh look, someone who is more moderate or reasonable. So you look at names like a Mark Kelly or a Josh Shapiro or an Andy Beshear, I think they could be formidable in a general, I don't know that they have a prayer of winning a Democrat primary. Gavin Newsom is clearly incandescent ambitious, so he is gonna try to morph into whatever he thinks the Democrat primary base wants.


I don't know that it's impossible that a OC gets the nomination in 2028. I do think the it of the Democrat party continues to be far left. So I don't see them going towards a, an attractive general election, a candidate right now. I I I think the crazies are still driving the train. All right. The incandescent ambitious Gavin Newsom will be my guest on Thursday. And your podcast and his are ranked neck and neck, so maybe your appearance will push it over the top go. Senator, very, very grateful to you for joining and we'll continue to watch which congrat on the pod mark. Thank you, Senator.


You Know the secret to great days, better nights. It all starts by turning your bedroom into a sanctuary with Cozy Earth. Their bamboo sheet set is something special, the softest, coolest, most luxurious sheets you will ever own. Breathable, temperature regulating and crafted to help you sleep like it actually matters. Imagine crawling into bed every night and feeling restored, refreshed, and ready to take on tomorrow. And don't forget about their bamboo pajamas, lightweight, yet cozy. They're designed to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. It's the sleepwear upgrade you didn't know you needed, but you definitely deserve. Cozy Earth makes it easy, you get a hundred nights risk free. Plus every bedding product is backed by a 10 year warranty. So take the time to prioritize your sleep and prioritize you. Visit Cozy Earth dot com. Use my exclusive code M-E-G-Y-N and get up to 40% off sheets, pajamas, towels, and more Cozy Earth dot com code Megan. And if you get a post-purchase survey, let 'em know that you heard about Cozy Earth from us at the me Kelly Show. Sleep Better with Cozy Earth.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Me Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply


When the LA wildfires broke out. And then news broke the really important stuff that Ben Affleck dropped. Everything raced over to Jen Garner's house, scooped her and the kids up and spirited them off to safety. I thought to myself, how is J-Lo reacting to this news? It cannot be. Well, my second thought is I need to call Bill and talk to him about this because he like me, loves to dive in to the human psychology behind these people who otherwise present themselves as so perfect and rich and powerful. And Ben Affleck is one of our favorite talking points since he's out promoting his new movie The Accountant Too.


I thought, what better time to bring in Bill and talk some Ben Affleck and other celebrity news. So welcome Bill and thank you for doing the show. Thank you for having me. Let me congratulate you on your show. You're so, I listened to the first show the other day. You're absolutely amazing. Thank you. Thanks Bill. Thank you. Oh my God. So first I wanna start off by showing the audience like Ben Affleck's greatest hits. First, we're gonna look at the I this is one of the greatest paparazzi photos ever taken, and were Andy Warhol still alive. This would be a silkscreen print that would go for millions of Christie's. The paparazzi photo of a fed up Jennifer Garner in Raybans, I think they're Raybans driving Ben Affleck to rehab and he makes her stop for Jack in the Box or fast food.


She can't even look at him. She is so disgusted. She's pushing the food, the bag of food in his face while looking down this shot. Said everything about their relationship. As we know, Ben went on to marry the quote unquote love of his life. Jennifer Lopez, who they were engaged 20 years ago. They like to say the media broke them up. What really broke them up was Ben went to a strip club while he was shooting a movie in Canada. And I will never forget the details of this story because I remember it was like my JFK assassination moment. I was on the beach reading the National Enquirer.


It was this story about Ben at a strip club with his castmates who included Christian Slater. They were partying, he performed a sex act on a stripper in the club in front of everybody. They all went back to the mansion where they were staying. Somebody walked by a bathroom at some point and saw one of the strippers shaving Christian Slater's back. And I was like, these are the details that really make a storying, You know. So let's take a look at J-Lo and Ben, maybe in the first flush of their newly rekindled romance, their newlyweds, they're on the red carpet, strutting their stuff, showing how happy they are.


Let's take a look at some of those moments in recent memory. So right now we're looking at, I believe this is one of Jen's premieres. So look at him, get in her face. Look at like, he's a big guy. This guy's like six three I think. And he, it's her night and he's getting in her face. It's like, yeah, you can see the, the name of the movie. It's the Mother. I think that was hers. Here we are at the Grammys. Oh, I love this one. Ben. His best grumpy face is on, they, they don't know the cameras are on them and she basically elbows him and is like, Hey, look alive. Okay, this is her crowd, not his, this is her work event. He needs to show up and support her.


And he's being such a pill. By the way, whenever it's one of Ben's events, it, he's always on. Okay, now we're walking to the car. This is towards the end of the relationship and you're gonna see why he opens the car door for Jen. Jennifer Garner. Sorry, J-Lo I get confused. Okay. She steps inside very daintily steps inside, watch the slam, the arm, the arm like flies up. It's the most epic. Fuck you. He knows the cameras are there, he sees them, he's talking to the paparazzi at the end of that clip. And that ladies is what it's like to date Ben Affleck. Bill your thoughts. First thing I have to say is, I, I never heard that part about Christian Slater before.


I mean, who gets isn't great Their back, who gets their back shape by strip? I, I just, I never heard that one before. Well, I mean, it was like 4:00 AM You know, I mean, imagine what it was like there. Yeah. But like, that's like who exactly, like, hey, wanna shave my back? Like that stripper was earning her money that night. Okay, anyway, go on. So The the door slam that's just in front of people I, I've, I've just given up. I, You know, and it's funny coming from a guy who's, You know, he, he could be a pretty good actor depending up on the role he is taking and he, he just can't do it. It's not there. He's just given up, he's given up on life at that moment. Slamming the door in front of everyone knows fully well, it's gonna be on the front page of every paper, just I'm done, I'm giving, I've given up And, and, and here it is for everyone to see Showing so much contempt for a woman who made an entire documentary about how much she loves him.


Like that's the thing, like, don't date Ben Affleck. This, there was this great story. Well, okay, before we get into the latest quotes from some insiders who had some really juicy stuff to share with the New York Post, I wanna go back to this clip of Ben Affleck on Howard Stern, because now he's trying to win back Jennifer Garner. He has been leaking that he would take her back in a heartbeat if she would have him. This woman is in a seven year relationship with another man. But this was Ben on Stern about like two years ago talking about why he had such a problem with alcohol. We probably had each other's throats.


I probably should still be drinking, You know, like was part of why I started drinking alcohol because I was trapped. So Bill, you've been married for a while now. You're coming up on your 12 year anniversary, so congratulations on that. Let's say, God forbid you split up with your wife. Would you tell anyone, let alone Howard Stern, that your lovely wife drove you to drink? I mean, I don't I don't understand how you even discuss it publicly. It it's, it's so private, right?


That's one. You know, you, you, that would be, I would assume what you consider your greatest personal failure. And you would want to, and I would assume meaning The marriage ending, not the alcoholism, Right? No, not the alcoholism. No. That's, that's a struggle that people face all the time. But to blame that on the mother of your children publicly, put that out there for all to see for eternity, they're gonna see it over and over again. It just, You know, to me it goes to show the level of selfishness and, and just self-importance that he has clearly doesn't, I mean, he banged the nanny. He clearly doesn't think about It. Kid allegedly, allegedly, allegedly. Excuse me, she did get a drop top Lexi out of it, Alexis, which she told us about, but he's always denied that.


But go on. Allegedly. My my mistake. Yeah, I mean the, the, You know, bring that back to the, to the pictures with Jennifer Lopez on a big night for her and he's, You know, where she's elbowing him to smile. I mean, you a person. I can't even put a smile out there. It, it, I, I don't know. I don't know what goes on inside someone like that. Some like in his head, I, I, I can't place it. There are times where you see he looks like a great guy. He's out there smiling. He can be very charismatic. He's a great looking guy. He had some great movies, but then you see these awful moments.


That's why he's so fascinating because I am also a fan of his, like, I may sound like I'm not, but I am, for a long time I had a huge shame crush on Ben Affleck, but he like one of my fa so I love the Town. I think that's an incredible movie. I thought he did an incredible job with Argo. I love that movie. He also did one of the greatest DVD commentaries of all time for Armageddon. I asked Michael why it was easier to train oil drillers to become astronauts than it was to train astronauts to become oil drillers. And he told me to shut, shut, shut the fuck up. So that, that was the end of that talk. He was like, You know, Ben, just shut up. Okay. You know, this is a real plan.


All right. I was like, you mean it's a real plan at NASA to train oil drillers? He was like, just shut Your mouth. And it was so funny. And you can see how this guy would be such a sparkling conversationalist. He displayed like self-awareness and self-deprecation and he pointed something out that is painfully obvious about a movie that kind of put him on the map as a matinee idol shows he has intelligence and then he does stuff like this. Yeah, it's, you go back to just, You know, the self-importance piece of it. It's just he has to put himself out there publicly. There's, I think there's a public image that he's so concerned with.


And I think, you know, maybe to a degree, part of that door slamming with Jennifer Lopez was, You know, the masculinity part where he couldn't be viewed as the weaker person in the relationship, the one without the power. So that was a public display of it may look like she's running things, but I'm tired of her crap. And, and, and here it is for everybody to see. Yes, yes. I wanna, I wanna read this quote before we go into our theory as to why Ben cut and run so quickly with J-Lo. Because his usual mo is to force the woman in his life into leaving him by treating her like shit. So this is a quote from someone who knows Affleck in this, it was this incredible story in the New York Post.


It was like a Sunday great juicy read quote. The dirty secret is that he, Ben, he's the diva. He's the one who likes attention and calls the paps and manipulates women. He love bombs. You. And once he's got you, he gets bored and leaves. It's cruel. And anyone who remembers what he did. So this guy, again, we're promoting a movie and he loves, his favorite thing is to love to run around and say, I have no idea why everybody's so fascinated with my private life. Like nothing, nothing to see here. Ademas this up and coming starlet at the time, she's building a nice career for himself, for herself. Left him and he had one of his children, by the way, again, we all know what their children look like.


I, I, I shouldn't really know what they look like. I think he had one of his children take a life-size cardboard cutout of ademas and dump it in his trash containers in full view of the paparazzi. Nothing to see here. Okay, so the diddy of it all, 'cause we're gonna get into Diddy as well, share your theory bill as to why Ben Affleck shows a moment in which Jennifer Lopez was in Europe to flee the $65 million marital home in the metaphorical debt of night and move into a $20 million rental closer to who else Jen Garner.


To go back to the comment you made earlier, allegedly thought, You know, I don't, just a wild theory, you don't run off in the middle of the night for no reason. There's something that scares you into it, if I'm not mistaken, right about that time, there were reports, rumors, surfacing of a female, a-list superstar who may have been witness to partaken in some of the freak offs and might have, You know, know where some of the bodies are buried, so to speak. It's a scary thing to be involved with. I'm sure there are a lot of people out there right now that would love to remain nameless and faceless through this whole trial.


I couldn't agree with you more. I think that it, because it so goes against his normal way as we just spoke about, of exiting a relationship. Like he got the F out of there. He and he never does that. And then so in this new GQ interview, he's on the cover this cover story and he's like super, like they've sort of made him look like kind of a Bob Evans super producer Hollywood type. The first question in this profile is speaking of tabloids, the FBI visited your house and he gives this like lengthy run-on explanation, which has two different reasons as to why the FBI showed up at his personal residence.


And none of it really makes any sense. And I think there's probably only one reason the feds would show up at Ben Affleck's house with everything that's going on. Am I crazy? My favorite part of that story was Ben Affleck had to call the FBI to find out why they were there. I mean, Oh my God, that was amazing. That was amazing. I think, I don't know how one knows to call the FBI or how to get in contact with them. I mean, do you Google them? Do you have a direct client? I, I don't know. That is amazing. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda And no fear


Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.