
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global, Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy 2025. We are back with our first live show of the year. I've missed all of you over the past two weeks while I spent some quality time with my family. I hope you had some with yours as well. We were in Montana skiing, and it was awesome. It was so snowy, and I have to tell you, it reminded me of my childhood in Syracuse where every morning you would wake up and look out the window and you'd say, yep, snow again.


Yeah, still more snow. It's been such a nice change from what we saw last year and I think the year before too, where it's just, it was nothing. So it's just such a delightful to be in the snow, to see those fat flakes falling and to have the holidays, especially in that setting. Absolutely loved it. We did our costume nights, You know, that's a big thing for me. Every year around the Christmas holiday where we do a costume night, I pick the theme and I surprised my family with their costumes. And this year, actually, we'll put this up on the YouTube show. The theme was Back to the Future, and it was hilarious. I made Doug George McFly, You know, the geeky dad.


It was amazing. I was Jennifer Marty Mcflys girlfriend from the eighties, and my son Yates was Marty, my son Thatcher was Doc, and my daughter Yardley was Lorraine, the 1950s version. So anyway, it was great. And then my, my brother-in-law, Ken, was Biff, which I got him a fake muscle shirt to wear, which I don't think he appreciated. Anyway, it's so important to get out and do things like that, right? It just, it's so clarifying to spend time with your family away from work. Even though I love my work, it's clarifying to spend time away from it. And I have to say, it makes me feel, it makes me better at my job because when I come back though, I admit I'm currently slightly under the weather with a cold, no big deal.


I feel more clearheaded because as the news events hit over the past couple of weeks, you just have a better perspective on them when you're grounded, when you're with people you love and who love you when you are part of nature and better connected to it. And you can kind of see, oh, this is worth fighting over. Oh, this isn't, this is bullshit. This isn't that kind of thing. Okay, so let's get to it. We've got two of the best guests in the industry in America to bring you different perspectives today. We're gonna kick it off in a minute with Ben Shapiro and Then Glenn Greenwald comes up in our second hour. How about that? For we're back show, we have got to cover this tragic terror attack, which killed 14 people in the early morning hours.


After New Year's in New Orleans, we're still learning more about the man who committed the act. And then a couple hours after that, a Green Beret blew himself up in a Tesla cyber truck outside of the Trump Hotel in Las Vegas. A bizarre story that does not appear to be related to the terror attack across the country in New Orleans, though at first people thought perhaps they were related today. However, we have to start with the fact that it's January 6th and they are literally treating it on the left like it is nine 11. It is ridiculous. I mean, it's got an actual function. It's the day that the 2024 election will be officially certified.


But it is more importantly to the corporate media the day that they will celebrate their favorite anniversary to smear all Trump supporters. And again, to treat this day as though it does live an infamy akin to that of nine 11 or Pearl Harbor. We'll show you an example. Joining me now for our very first show of 2025, we begin with Ben Shapiro, host of The Ben Shapiro Show on the Daily Wire


Grand Canyon University. A private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling, you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, g C's online, on campus, and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of June, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


Ben, happy new year. Great to see you. Hey, you too. Glad you're back from vacation. Yeah, it's great to be back. Alright, so the, the, I don't know, the panty ringing over January 6th and the reminder by President Biden that this needs to stay top of mind in the memory of the American people. It cannot be forgotten. You know, it's so strange, Ben, I don't, I don't remember anybody doing that about the BLM protests. What happened in Portland, the 2000 cops who were hurt in those riots, David Dorn, who was killed in St. Louis in June of 20 N. None of that, none of that has to be remembered, just J six, which, You know, the, the alleged police officer death toll, they continue to make up since no police died on January 6th.


But they talk about it truly as though it is akin to the nine 11 terror attacks. What do you make of the, as I say, ringing that's going on? Well, I mean, I, I, I think that they have to, because I think that what, what they've demonstrated over the course of the last several years is their complete inability to govern or to be in any way aligned with the agenda of the American people. And so all they've had for years, and this is true, going back to 2021, when Joe Biden gave that awful address in Philadelphia where he basically labeled everyone who is a Republican, his political enemy, and an enemy of the republic, the only thing they can keep saying over and over is that Donald Trump is in fact an incipient dictator and authoritarian. It. None of it has the same ring after Trump won.


I mean, he won the popular vote and he won the electoral college overwhelmingly. And so the, the sort of idea that he attempted a coup and that we narrowly averted the rising tyranny in the United States, it it, that that particular narrative was always stupid. But, but it has died a horrible death at the hands of the American people who themselves voted by a majority for Donald Trump in the last election. And so it, it just, it rings super hollow this year. It, it always was hollow, but it rings particularly hollow this year, given the fact that, again, Democrats didn't just lose the presidency. They, they also lost control of the Senate. They don't have control of the house. And so what exactly is the thing that we are supposed to be commemorating on January 6th? This is the idea that, that all Trump voters are akin to the small Cory of Trump supporters, not even the, the small Cory of Trump supporters, generally the small Cory of the people who were even at the January 6th stop the steal rally who then committed some criminal acts, which again, that's a subset of people who are even at the sort of more riotous portion of the day.


I mean, it, it really is an incredible stretch for them. The fact they can't let it go is again, a demonstration. This is a party to void of ideals. It's a party devoid of ideas, and it's a party devoid of any connection with the American people whatsoever. Like who, who really is spending today thinking about January 6th, 2021. I know. No, it's, it's similar to how they've, they've run out of real examples of racism everywhere. So they have to make them up, You know, they've run out of examples to make Trump supporters look horrible. So they've gotta exaggerate what happened on January 6th to make it into one of the riots that they did that, You know, I just referenced in after BLM and after George Floyd. They, they've gotta make it sound like the right, those are the rioters, those are the insurrectionists, those are the ones who are truly a problem.


I just went back because we've covered the 2000 cops who were hurt during the BLM riots and David Dorn, who was shot and killed by looters in St. Louis retired police officer. And the number was after BLM or after George Floyd with BLM protests, 8,700 protests 574 at least, that turned into riots with violence and criminality, violence in more than 62% of the Portland Oregon demonstrations, more than 62% were violent. And where do those cops go to have somebody remember their traumatic brain injuries, injuries to their face, to their femurs, to their bodies, as Molotov cocktails were thrown at them as bricks were thrown at them broken bones.


And so where I don't think they're gonna get an op-ed by the sitting president in the Washington Post like we got from Joe Biden today, what Americans should remember about them, about those riots. But what we hear from Biden today is that we must remember the wisdom of the adage that any nation that forgets his past is doomed to repeat it, lamenting that in time there will be Americans who didn't witness the January 6th riot firsthand. But we'll learn about it from footage and testimony only. This is ridiculous, Ben. You and I both know that's how we talk about the Holocaust. Yeah. That is how we talk about nine 11 and things like that.


It's, it's an absurdity. It's an, it's a, it's a true absurdity. And, and what makes it even more absurd is you mention all the cops who were injured during the BLM riots, the cops that have been demonized since 2014 in this country since really the, the Ferguson riots of 2014, the, the number of cops who have been destroyed as human beings, the number of cops who have failed to do their jobs because they were afraid that if they did their jobs, they would then be dragged through the court of public opinion in the ways that Democrats like to do this sort of stuff. That number of cops is incredibly high. And the same week that Joe Biden is doing this routine crying crocodile tears over January 6th, and we must remember, and the cost to the cops and all this, he gave a presidential Medal of freedom to George Soros, who's the number one funder of left-wing prosecutors who have spent their entire careers trying to undermine the cops in every city in America and make it easier for criminals to do their business.


Is the same president who just a few weeks ago, I mean, during the break, he had a very busy break. Joe Biden, this is the most alive he's been for years, is, is just before he is leaving the presidency. And, and now he's doing things like commuting the sentences of 37 outta 40 people on death row because only three of those murderers apparently deserve to die. People who rape and murder little girls, they don't deserve to die. Only the Tree of Life shooter and the, and the black church shooter and the Boston Bomber, those people deserve to die. The other 37 who committed atrocities. Those people don't deserve to die according to Joe Biden. I mean, he's letting it all hang out at this point. And again, I think it underscores the reason why Joe Biden was so unpopular with the American people, which was they kept trying to sell us the line that he was a kind-hearted, decent old man. And he was never a kind-hearted, decent old man.


He was just an old man. He was never kind-hearted. He was never decent. He was always corrupt. He was always venal, he was always bloviating. None of his values ever meant anything at all. And this attempt to sort of retcon his own history and retcon what the Democratic Party has done over the course of the last few years into something benevolent is, is a, an utter failure. It's a total failure. And I can't imagine that there are many people who are reading that op-ed or hearing you read it, Meghan, who aren't rolling their eyes so hard, they fall outta their head. No. If you've been paying any attention to what's happened to the J six protestors slash rioters, and I make no excuse for those who actually committed violence against cops that day, they should and have been punished.


But those who just wandered into the capitol, well, there's so many who aimlessly wandered into the capitol thinking that they were allowed there, or that at best they were committing a minor trespass. They have more than paid for that very egregious mistake as it turns out, because the whole world was watching. And Biden wanted to make a political point. His DOJ wanted to make a political point. But to hear the media talk about this had this solemn anniversary, Ben, is to, again, it reminds me of nine 11, having lived through nine 11, this, this is what it brings up for me. Here's an example. Regaining power and reigniting fears in just hours, Congress will beat the certified president-elect Donald Trump's 2024 election win.


Happy insurrection Day insurrection. Oh day when Republicans will certify the election of a president who is constitutionally ineligible to serve in the office according to the 14th Amendment late, this final prostitution of democracy, We shouldn't get comfortable. American democracy still faces, I I would argue, an uncertain future. So the snow covers the capitol. There's this birth, this newness to winter, and there is this newness to this Congress, but there is this storm cloud over the capitol that makes you think about what happened four years ago To remember what happened on January 6th. John, too is an act of remembrance in the purest form we want to avoid ever again having American democracy on the knife's edge, On the knife's edge, on the knife's edge.


And then there's, I give you one more, Ben, the AP today seems very upset that the capitol was not left a mess. So that we could go back today, four years later and look at the scars and lament how bad MAGA is. And its return to power saying in the lead line, inside the capitol, reminders of the violence are increasingly hard to find. Scars on the walls have been repaired, windows and doors broken by the rioters have been replaced. And there is no plaque display or remembrance of any kind. In some ways, it's like the insurrection of January 6th, 2021 that shook the foundations of American democracy never even happened.


Shook the foundations of American democracy. By the way, I love their respect for the property damage that may have numbered in the tens of dollars at the, at the Capitol building. I mean, like they did $2 billion in property damage during the BLM riots. The, the enthusiasm for remembering January 6th is matched only by the enthusiasm of the media and forgetting September 11th actually, right? You're not allowed to show images of September 11th, lest we actually remember what happened and who did it on September 11th, right? The the, the media have already moved on. You mentioned earlier on that the New Orleans terror attack, the media are already very steadily moving on from that one. They, they really are not gonna cover that one for very much longer because of course they can't tie that into some sort of narrative about broader American white supremacy and about domestic homegrown white terrorism or any of the rest of that sort of thing.


And so they're gonna move right past that sort of thing. But, but they, they definitely have to focus in on January 6th. And the media, by the way, I'm not sure who took it on the chin harder this past year, the Democratic party or the media. I mean, there are appendages of one another. I've called them the human centipede 'cause that's what they are. But You know, at, at this point, I'm not sure that has anyone, that's the first time anyone actually heard John Metra saying that thing, Meghan, was you playing it on your show? Because no one is left to watch M-S-N-B-C. No one actually has seen Keith Alderman say that, except on your show. True. So congratulations Keith Alderman for making your show. I suppose. I'm sure he is thrilled. The, what they're doing in New Orleans is very interesting to me and we've seen it done time and time again.


They're much more interested in what happened out in Las Vegas because that guy was a Trump supporter. Okay, great. We're onto something. Let's talk about Vegas. This guy, he's a nutcase and he's appear, appears to be a right winger, but the guy in New Orleans who's, You know, apparently affiliated with or to pledges, loyalty to isis, it's time to move on. That's really not that interesting, even though 14 people are dead in New Orleans as a result of his behavior. And you had, this is while we were on break or I was on break, but on January 1st you had the FBI agent Althea Duncan, who's in charge of the bureau's New Orleans Field office, come out stopping short of even calling it a terrorist attack.


Here's that Kirk Patrick said, we'll be taking over the investigative lead for this event. This is not a terrorist event. What it is right now is they're improvised explosive devices that was found. And we are working on confirming if this is a viable device or not. What, how is it not a terrorist attack? The, the guy had an Islamic state flag affixed to his rented Ford pickup truck later, the deputy assistant director of the FBI's Counter-Terrorism Division would say it was 100% inspired by isis. The 42-year-old behind it, Shasu din Jabbar, who was a US citizen from Texas and an army vet had apparently pledged his allegiance to ISIS via the New York Times.


So you tell me how it's not a terrorist attack. I mean, once again, for, for the FBI, the immediate response, which is we know the motive and the motive is uncomfortable. So we're gonna pretend that that's not really the motive or the me the motive is, I mean, it was the least mysterious motive of all time. He literally had an ISIS flag attached to the back of his Ford F-150. He said, here's my motive on a giant flag that I don't even know where you get an ISIS flag. Can you buy that off Amazon? In any case, this person had put out tapes of himself talking to his family about how he joined ISIS. And, and honestly, the reason why this should earn more media attention than, You know, the terrible case of what happened in Las Vegas, which seems to be a member of the military who had his life breaking down.


He seemed to have some mental problems. The reason that this one is more noteworthy is because it is ideological in nature, not only ideological in nature. One of the stories that we reported at, at Daily Wire actually was that the local mosque was being contacted by the FBI members of that mosque were being contacted by the FBI, the the mosque where this, this person attended the terrorist and the alleged terrorist. And the, the mosque apparently put out a public message like on their own Instagram saying, if you are contacted by the FBI, you should contact the council on American Islamic Relations. You should contact groups that are not the F fbi. Yeah. Right. Not, not cooperate with the FBI, you should call the council on American Islamic Relations, which by the way was an unindicted co-conspirator in the Holy Land Foundation Terrorism trial in the two thousands.


The Council on American Islamic Relations Original Foundation was by people who were closely associated with Hamas. Like there actual real systemic problems in the United States with radical Islam. And that's something that people really don't wanna talk about, which of course is the same sort of thematic that you're seeing in the UK right now. Right? You're seeing this sort of break out into the open because wanna talk about this is going after kiir starer quite properly. But I I think that so much what you're seeing in the West right now is a, is revolt against the assault on common sense that we've been seeing for legitimately decades here in the West. The revolt on common sense that says that, for example, mass migration without assimilation is a wonderful idea. The, the revolt on common sense that says that everyone should be forced to take a vaccine even if the vaccine is not totally vetted out yet.


The, the, the assault on common sense that says men can be women when can, like what we're watching right now across the board is this revolt against that thing. And it's happening everywhere. It's happening in the uk, it's happening in France, it's happening in Germany, it's already happened in Argentina, it's happened in the United States already. It's obviously happening up in Canada where the conservative party, if the election were held today, would absolutely wipe out the liberal party where Justin Trudeau just resigned as the head of the liberal party, if not prime Minister today. Again, something is happening and that thing is that it, people across the board in the West are tired of, to use your word, being bullshitted. And, and I think that, that now they're, they're starting to fight back in a wide variety of ways, mostly politically. I love, I love everything you just said there, there so much has gone down over the past couple of weeks and, and just today As you point out Trudeau, which we'll get to, but I was just sticking for a second on the FBI and its bungling messaging around what happened in New Orleans, which was indeed a terrorist attack says as follows, at National Review, we are being tormented by the FBI's habitual woke incoherence regarding this atrocity.


There should be no hesitancy. This is maddening. But in the FBI as it has evolved since the Obama era, he says, an an acknowledgement by the Bureau bureau that an attacker may have been radicalized by fundamentalist Islam would implicitly concede that there is something about that ideology that inspires violent attacks against infidels can't have that, they're not willing to go there. And, and that of course explains why they're moving on immediately the media as well from New Orleans. But, but let's talk about the UK because this rape scandal of children at the hands of immigrants that's been covered up, was covered up for years and years and years, allegedly in part because they were concerned that the, the rapists, the alleged rapists were Pakistani and they didn't wanna be seen as picking on immigrants or going against people of color and accusing them of rape at the hands, like, oh, at the expense of the wellbeing and safety of children may be the most pernicious and disgusting example of this woke ideology and this fear of upsetting or offending any person of color or any Muslim that I've seen in decades, Ben, this, that what's happening in the UK is a deep disgusting scandal.


Well, what's amazing about it is that people are denying what it's about. So if you actually look at the history of the scandal, this started to break out into the open in a place called Rochdale in the UK back in 2003. And that was because a 15-year-old girl died when there was an investigation into why she died. It turns out that she had been one of the girls who was groomed by these gangs. For folks who don't know this story, basically over the course of literally decades, and there are allegations of this going all the way back to the 1970s, basically over the course of decades, white girls were preyed on by Muslim men in gangs. They were rape gangs. They were not grooming. They treat them, they call them grooming gangs. They weren't grooming gangs, they were rape gangs because these are all underage girls who are being traded around by these Muslim rape gangs and that that's what they are.


And the media knew full well about this back in 2003, 2004. They knew completely about this, the me the, the police knew about it. They knew about all these cases. These were already being brought up in Rochdale in places like Rotham, in places like Oldham. It was happening in a wide variety of cities. And as it turns out, the police basically decided that because this would be politically unhelpful, they were gonna bury these cases. And so they started blaming the girls, claiming it was the girl's own fault that they had quote unquote consented. Even though obviously a 13, 14, 15-year-old girl can't consent. Some of these girls got pregnant by their rapists 13, 14, 15 years old, and the system totally ignored them. One of the journalists in this case, Andrew Norfolk, who reported for the Telegraph, he in 2010, he's the one who wrote this big cover story for the UK Telegraph talking specifically about the extent of the scandal in Rochdale.


He knew about the case, he's admitted, he knew about the cases back in 2003. And the reason that he did not actually report those cases, and again, these are his words, not mine, is he was afraid that it played into quote unquote right-wing narratives that were going to talk about the difficulties of multiculturalism and the problems with importing vast numbers of immigrants from Muslim countries who are not integrating into British national life and not assimilating. They were afraid that the British National Party, the right-wing party, was going to start increasingly winning elections that the English Defense League led by Tommy Robinson was going to increase its popularity. And so they literally just buried the story. They said for a decade, we are not going to even prosecute these cases. And it took a full scale decade and more and more of these cases piling up for there to be any prosecutions at all.


The first prosecutions, I believe happened in 2013 that led to a government study that was finally released in 2014, finding that in Rotham alone there were 1,400 girls who'd been preyed on in, in just that city, in just that you're talking about thousands of girls who were raped, white girls who were raped by Muslim men. And the reason it wasn't reported is because it was white girls and because it was Muslim men. Now again, that would be reported and, and that talk about Reportal malpractice. Okay? So Keir Starmer was the head of the Crown Prosecution service for a large part of this period from 2008 to 2013. Kiir Starer, of course, is now the Prime Minister of Great Britain as head of the Labor Party. And there was a call for the Labor Party as the head of the government to now lead a national investigation into these cases.


And they denied it. They said, we're not going to do it. Now, to be fair, the conservative party had said the same thing. They said, this is all regional, the regional investigations should go on, but Elon went after Kiir starer for it and deservedly so because Kiir Starer has been part of the system the entire time. And I played tape on my show earlier today of Kiir Starer with the mayor of London City Conn talking about the real problems of the UK in 2024, which include a radical upticks since October 7th in Islamophobia and City Khan, the mayor of London, asking Kara Starer what could be done to prosecute people who are actually engaged in Islamophobia, right? Oh my God, this sort oh my God, of conspiracy silence. This is, this is Christopher Hitchens thing, Ben, this is the Christopher Hitchens prediction come to life, right?


Who, who is out there in I think a 2009 saying you, we have got to call out what's happening in London and elsewhere with the infiltration of this ideology before it's too late. And if we wait too long, all we're gonna hear is you're Islamophobic, that's Islamophobia. As opposed to reckoning with the real facts, which is this is not just a religion, this is an ideology that means to conquer. That's exactly correct. And, and all of Europe is reacting to this, but in ways that the political establishment doesn't particularly like. So in Germany, that means that the a FD, which is a very right wing party that has always been, You know, sort of called Nazis, but the reason people oppose them is not because of their original roots. The reason they're opposed now is because they're anti-immigrant.


The a FD is picking up steam, obviously Elon is lending some of his sort of loudspeaker to the A FD and Alice Waddell, who's the head of the a FD, you're seeing the same thing happen in France with Maureen lap pen's National Rally party, which has been gaining steam in every single election and keeps being blocked by the quote unquote centrist party of e Emmanuel Macron. You're seeing the same thing in Germany, by the way, where the CDU, which is the centrist party, says, we won't sit with the a FD. Okay guys, you keep trying to keep a lid on the biggest issue in Europe in generations, and it will blow. I mean, this idea that you can just tell the people to sit down and shut up and ignore the fact that their countries are being in, are being overrun with people coming from places that hate the country, that really hate the country and hate the civilization.


People are only gonna take that for so long before it really starts to come out and support for parties that are not within your deemed establishment purview. That's exactly right. And and we could see it happening. I mean, when Angela Merkel was chancellor of Germany, she opened the, the borders, there was a massive influx of immigrants who culturally were about as different from Germans As you could get, and shamed anybody who pushed back against it as an islamophobe, as a xenophobe, as a bigot. And now they're dealing with the real life consequences of that. Eventually the people find their voices and say, well, I don't want this.


It's one thing. And by the way, we've had plenty of time since then to figure out whether these people wanna assimilate or not, right? They wanna pretend that every immigrant, whether it's Germany, Canada, the uk, France, or the United States is akin to the Irish and Italians who came to America in the early 20th century, that they just want a new life and that they're going to adopt the local culture. And You know, it's melting pot. It's, it's not. So, and you're seeing examples like what we saw in the uk, not to mention look at Ion Ali, You know, she's obviously one of the greatest thinkers alive warning in her book Pray, PREY, about what's happening to women and young girls in these European countries as a result of these immigrants.


And one by one these leaders are starting, starting to fall. Ben, I mean, you tell me whether it actually leads to a change in thinking on the left akin to what we're seeing the left sort of wrestle with in the wake of the Trump victory. I mean, either it will or they won't have any power anymore. I mean, in, in the country that that ion came from Gart Alders is, is now leading the largest party. Right? And Gart DER's is a very right winging anti-immigrant and anti-Islam leader in, in the Netherlands. So again, these are are, she was Natural somal. Yeah. And then she went to Amsterdam and, and now is, was Essentially exile because they wouldn't give her immigration status because of her perspective. I mean, they essentially decided that she was a persona non grata because of her per perspective on immigration being an ex-Muslim from Africa who had immigrated to, to the Netherlands.


I mean, Ion's story is, is sort of, You know, ahead of its time. But that is the reality that it, that is now besetting, I think an enormous part of the West. And, and You know, again, reality is having its way here because reality always has its way. And when it comes to immigration, I mean so many things have changed about the way the West does immigration. So it used to be that because we didn't have a welfare system and because it actually was a risk to come to places like the United States, that you left everything behind, you came here with nothing, and then you were expected to assimilate and make your own way without a welfare system to back you. Because of that, America acted as a magnet to a bunch of different groups who usually were sort of the most risk seeking members of the Irish population or the, the Swedish, like we've had many waves of immigration in the United States, Irish, German, Italian, Swedish, Jewish, Russian, right?


A huge number of immigrants in the United States. But once you change that system to make it so that you are neither expected to assimilate or you're expected to earn, right? You're not expected to do either of those things. We have welfare systems that pick you up and you're not expected to assimilate, which is the sort of immigration that the left apparently loves. Well, yeah, I mean the consequences are gonna be pretty dire for any civilization that attempts that particular two step. And, and those civilizational consequences have been quite dire and pretty terrible. They were foreseeable and they were completely ignored as actual risks as were all the risks that were being raised by the right as we saw open borders take hold in country after country during the time of Obama. What's happening up in Canada may or may not be part of the same wave.


I mean, there's so many problems with the way Justin Trudeau has run Canada. It's hard to really pick the one, but as of today, Justin Trudeau says he will resign as prime minister as soon as the liberal party elects a new leader. He says his successor will be selected after a nationwide process, which means the liberal party will take the lengthier route of choosing a new leader through a grassroots process, could take several weeks, means he could be in power for the first several weeks, even potentially months of Trump's presidency and may have na have to navigate the imposition of tariffs and so on. But Justin Trudeau has turned himself into a punchline. He is, when I picture if feet feckless man, I pictured Justin Trudeau.


I couldn't think of somebody less attractive to me as a woman than that man. I, I can't stand the sight of him. I'm thrilled. Our friendly neighbors in our evil top hat as Michael Knowles call Calls Canada, have come to their sense and effectively forced him to this decision. So what do you make of it? I mean, I, I think that obviously it's great. I think that the person they're attempting to block from the prime ministership with all of this is pure re who is phenomenal. I mean truly t's the answer. One of the things he, he's, he's fantastic. I mean, one of the things that you're seeing is this crop of new leaders all over the world ranging from millet to, to, to re in Canada, to Maloney in Italy, to Wilders in Netherlands.


You're seeing like a whole spate of new leaders come, come to fruition. And and that's really wonderful. I mean, Trudeau going, and again, he's hanging on through basically parliamentary maneuvering. The way that it works in Canada is that in order for there to be a new election called the Snap election, you actually have to have a vote of no confidence. Right now there are 338 seats in the house of, of Commons in Canada. The liberal party controls 153 of them I believe. So they have just short of majority. So they need some outside help from some of the other smaller parties. The conservatives only have 120 seats. If the election were to be held today, the conservatives would be expected to win an overwhelming majority of seats in the House of Commons, something like 230 seats in the House of Commons. And then pore would enter the government with a ma, a huge majority that requires no coalitional help in order to govern.


And so that's basically everybody who's in the current coalition does not want the coalition to fall because the minute that happens, then the election takes place, poll re wins, he walks in with a, a vast conservative majority. So the idea here is it's sort of like a, a Biden stepping down in favor of Harris idea here. Basically Trudeau is planning to step down in favor of a new liberal leader who will be selected. And that way pore has to run against not Justin Trudeau, but against Randa mc face over here, who's gonna be the new liberal leader. I don't think it makes much of a difference. The mistakes that Trudeau has made, ranging from the authoritarian take on Covid, which led to the trucker freedom convoy to the treatment of immigration. He's been an open borders immigration guy the whole time. The cost of housing in Canada have increased rapidly and pore makes the point.


Hey guys, You know, one thing we have in Canada, very few people, You know what, we have tons of land really, housing should not be all that expensive. He's right about that. The fact that that Trudeau has been bad on energy policy in a country that really could be rich in energy is truly amazing. And then add on top of that, all the woke crap from, from trans to indigenous peoples. You know, all the stuff that that Trudeau has done. It's like watching a laboratory experiment with all the left's worst policies put into Bunsen Berger and then boiled until they boil over. And it turns out that people really, really hate this stuff. And it doesn't matter if you're the good looking likely son of Fidel Castro. People still really don't like this policy at all. It's Trudeau's Canada that produced Melody Wise heart, that 50-year-old man who's being allowed to swim with 12-year-old girls Because he identifies as a 12-year-old girl, which is weird Because he drives his car to and from the swim meets, which we all know a 12-year-old girl would not be allowed to do.


And by the way, he changes his clothes and gets fully nude in the locker room with the girls and the parents. I don't understand. My Canadian friends allow it. I'll give you this Canadian podcaster and mortgage broker Ron Butler. I've got all sorts of contacts up there, Ben, because I got staffers up in Canada who says as follows, this is on X. The prime Minister decides to go and Canada says, thank God no witch hunts. No matter how angry people are at the PM once he's gone, leave him alone, move on. But never forget, never forget the horrible management of the country. Never be fooled again by a candidate offering sunny ways, never buy into theater, never again think a totally unqualified person is fine to leave the country.


That was a bullet we just dodged here in America too. Don't listen to a man claiming to be a feminist who betrays and fires every woman who ever disagrees with them. Don't believe that people who act woke all the time won't cost average working people dearly. Never accept a leader who has a religious belief in climate change and screws, average Canadians into the ground with big taxes, lost jobs, and dumb decisions. As long as China and India are building coal power generators, Canada shouldn't, should be drilling gas wells and shipping overseas. And finally says, never forget incompetence because we have had the stupidest waste of taxpayers money in the history of Canada. Therefore, once Trudeau is gone, we must punish the liberal party with a massive election loss. Lessons must be taught.


Now if that worm turns in Canada and Pierre takes over, we are, it is a new ball game, Ben Shapiro. Well, I mean, they'll narrowly avoid President Trump's invasion. If that happens. I mean, I'm, I am wondering, You know, if, if we're gonna invade now's the moment, right? We gotta do it before they have an election up there and make Canada our, our 51st state right now, we'll be greeted as liberators, but if, if pore is the Prime Minister, then they might, we might actually have to fight them. And last time we fought the Canadians, it went surprisingly poorly. So, You know, now now's the window of opportunity. Greenland Canada, the Greater America project is still on the table, but only for a few more weeks. Here he is. The, the, our audience may remember this, but this is sort of how we first came to see this guy.


Like, who is this wonderful man when he was eating the apple and the antagonistic media reporter was trying to get him and compare him to Trump and he just wasn't having it. He was just stone cold. He is the opposite in every way as a man, as a politician of Justin Trudeau watch, Why should, why should Canadians trust you with their vote given, You know, not not just the sort of ideological inclination in terms of taking the page of o Donald Trump's book, but also what are talking About? What page, what page can you gimme a page? Okay, gimme the page. You keep saying that in terms, in terms of turn turning things quite dramatically in terms of, of Trudeau and, and the left wing and all of this.


I mean, you, you, you make quite a, You know, it's, it's quite a play that you make on it. So I'm, I'm not sure, Just wonder, I don't know, I don't know what your Question is. Okay, then forget that. Why should Canadians trust you with their vote? Common sense? Okay, common sense for, for a change. He's just, the guy's unflappable and just doesn't tolerate fools. It's just a, it's a beauty. I feel like even the Canadians who are allowing me, melody wise heart to swim in the 12-year-old races, see, he's a gopher. He's officially a gopher. That's what they call the league. Even those Canadians have got to see him now that the field is being cleared and say, eh, me, maybe it's worth a try.


Oh, I mean, that, that's what the polls show right now. I mean, right now the polls according to CB, C up there have pev running at something like 44% while the liberal party is now running at 20%. And that that's how much the liberal party has fallen off. So, and, and it goes to show you that, You know, actually just being a steadfast conservative in a place, even in a place like Canada will win you some points. This is what's so amazing about Great Britain is that they can't find anybody to just do that, right? Well just do that. Like the, it doesn't look that hard. I mean, granted, PIP Pev appears to have a resting heart rate of 35, but with that said, he is like the, the, the fact is that it actually does not seem that difficult to find somebody who has some basic common sense. That, of course is the thing that I think, think is underappreciated about President Trump.


The, the media kept playing up the fact that he says wild things on Twitter. But the reality is that most of the stuff that Trump says is very commonsensical Because he always shoots from the hip. And when people like Trump shoot from the hip, it tends to be kind of like the common sense thing that you would say. And, and the same thing is true of poll ab. The same thing is true of Mele. The same thing is true of Maloney. The same thing is true of wilder saying common sense thing has become illegal in many countries at this point. People are more likely to be arrested in Britain at this point. It seems for saying a common sense thing than for raping someone possibly. And, and I think that the, the blowback to that is dramatic and international. And so it's shaping up to be a really interesting year Now in the United States, obviously that means that now that you have power, this is all about gaining the power. Once you have the power you have to do the thing.


This is where the pedal's gonna meet the, the metal and the, the rubber's gonna hit the road when it comes to President Trump and the Republican Congress. What can they actually get done this year? And there, I think, You know, that there are some outsized expectations that I think that we should temper and we should recognize the reality of a, a fractious coalition in Congress where you have maybe a one to two vote majority in the house. But I, I do think things can get done if people keep their head screwed on straight. Okay? One of the controversies that I missed while I was out was the intra GOP fight over H one visas, HH one B visas, where we bring over immigrants and we allow them to work at a decent wage over here, largely in tech data processors and engineers who the tech industry has used pro prolifically who Elon defends, Vivek defends.


But people like Steve Bannon and our friend Bcia Ungar Sagan, who writes for Newsweek and is, is much more focused on the working class, has said they don't want that. We've had enough of this, that these are jobs Americans would take with proper training and so on. And here's the thing that stood out to me, and Trump sided with Elon and Vive basically saying he he's always been for these visas. Here's the thing that stood out to me, the Vive Ramis Swami Expost on December 26th. I think I can bring this to you as a, as a former geek yourself who's no longer geeky, but I mean you were like the most brilliant person your whole life who is always crushing everybody in every class.


I would love to get your take on Viva's way into this controversy. Like you can defend the visas. You can not defend the visas. But my friend Vivek, this is not the way, this is not the way he drops the following. The reason top tech companies often hire foreign born and first generation engineers over Native Americans isn't because of an innate American IQ deficit, a lazy and wrong explanation. A key part of it comes down to the C word culture. A culture that celebrates the prom queen or the math Olympia champ, or the jock over the valid dic Victor will not produce the best engineers. A culture that venerates Corey from Boy Meets World, or Zach and Slater over Screech and saved by the Bell or Stefan or, or Steve Kel in Family Matters will not produce the best engineers, more math tutoring, fewer sleepovers, more weekend science competitions, fewer Saturday morning cartoons, more books, less tv, more creating, less chilling, my friend.


This is a great way to produce, I guess, better engineers, but not to produce better men who the women actually want. This is, well, I mean, By the way, I'm not, not even Don't men in some laboratory where they, they, they're all Steve Kels. We want guys who are out. We like prom kings, we like sleepovers, we like people who develop social skills in addition to math skills. And this comes down to me as like the, i having been a product, not myself, but like my kids of the New York City private school system, realize there are so many schools there who are looking to create the perfect SAT score. They want to create your child into the perfect SAT score. Well, I don't want that. And having moved now to Connecticut and found a school that actually cares about the whole child, about creating great young men and young women, it really puts the fine point on it.


Yes, they need sleepovers, they need socialization, they need some stupid cartoons, they actually need sports. They need a whole bunch of things other than math, math leads. Listen, sounds say you, you, I love a vague From Here, Ben. I, okay, so I love a vague, and the truth is that when it comes to H one B visas, I think that there's some things you can do with H one B visas, like increasing the income limit before you let people in. And that, that's an interesting conversation. I think there's a lot more to be said about sort of the variation in terms of what actually went on in this argument that was very, it was sort of a bizarre argument to be ha but when it comes to the cultural analysis, I have to say it's just, it's not actually true. Okay? I promise you that Mark Zuckerberg and, and Jeff Bezos and Elon Musk all, I mean, Elon Musk is a very culturally savvy guy and he was not participating in the Math Olympics.


Okay? So it, it turns out, by the way, that's also, that's also a very bad read, I have to say on Boy Meets World, okay? So as a boy meets world, Stan, I will say that if you ever watch an episode of Boy Meets World, the entire moral center of the boy meets world universe. Not to get too obstru here is Mr. Feeney, who is the high school teacher who tells the kids that they need to study harder and take history seriously, right? That, that's actually, that's actually the theme of Boy Meets World. And, and by the way, the same holds true of like, you're picking all of the shows from the 1990s that actually had parental figures who actually pushed education, right? I mean, if, if you think to any of the shows that he names right there, those are all like the ones that had sort of the Sunday, the Sunday evening special that would have like a talk with the kids about how you actually need to take your schoolwork seriously.


That, that I, listen, I understand that for a lot of people, particularly from countries that are not the United States, the way that you rise in those countries is to do really, really well on your exams. So you study super, super hard in South Korea. They have a very programmatic approach to how to train kids when it comes to American innovation, which is where most of the innovators are coming from. The problem is not that people are watching boy meets world. If you wanna talk about like, systemic problems in the United States with regard to education, those exist. There are public schools, right? That's why we need school vouchers. You can talk about broken families that need to be healed. You can talk about lack of social structure, but this is a, the, the, the weird take, which is that you have to be a person training for the spelling bee in order to be a top level engineer at Google. That's just not true. I mean, just on, on any sort of relevant level, that's not true.


It's, it's 100% a function of the vague not being the prom king and not being the MVP. And I Wasn't either, but I also watched, well, come on, This is my moment. People need to be more like me and then their lives will be better. I, this is my moment. I was definitely not the prom king. Okay? Like I skipped two grades and graduated high school when I was 16 and went to UCLA as the smallest stripiest kid at UCLA, right? I was, I was not like the toast of the town. But even I recognize that like watching Saturday morning cartoons is not the thing that's preventing people from staffing up Silicon Valley engineering jobs. That's not like the chief problem in the United States. There are trade-offs. I, and that, I think about this all the time. 'cause just given the circles that I'm in and the way, You know, I'm, I'm living in these so-called super zips.


They're near these so-called super zips where it's like a lot of wealth and a lot of advantage and privilege. And I always think like, okay, it's great, You know, I I definitely, you could turn any kid into the math athlete who never does a sleepover who's only, You know, doing practice tests and does follows the Viva plan to become the number one engineer. And You know what, you'd wind up with somebody who's probably not a leader because actual leaders who people wanna be around and wanna elect and wanna follow, have social skills and really interesting deep personalities and a wealth of experience and exposure to other people and develop their EQs in addition to their IQs in a way that's really important.


Just ask Donald Trump, who I believe is the opposite of a athlete, You know, it's just, it's so small. Mine is so myopic, but it is very clearly vi vague being like, this is my moment. Yes, you need more. Me Again, listen, I I I really like Vive and I I even agree with some of his immigration takes. This one I don't think was the best cultural analysis, I'll put it that way. No, no, I actually think it's kind of cute. It's kind of charming. He's not wrong that like, if you do want great engineers, I suppose they do need to live something close to the athlete life. But to get to tell it, to push your child to give up socialization and stupid time, stupid time, mindless time is not the way.


I mean, having gone to the Google headquarters and been, You know, toured around those guys who sit there entering data all day, Google has set out like sword fighting for them in their down time. Oh yeah. The, the biggest nerds in the world, they're like Dun Dungeon, like Dungeons and Dragons. Some of 'em, some of 'em actually, You know, actually work out. Many of them are the people who are playing video games at night, right? They, they're not like culturally nons savvy, right? This idea that nerds are somehow they, they've never watched tv. Have you met a nerd? Like spend some time with the nerds, the nerd, the nerds watch some tv. Yeah, that's right. Have you met a nerd? Exactly right. So anyway, I look forward to discussing that with him when he comes back on. Alright, let's talk about President Biden Because he is still president As you point out.


This is the most alive he's been in a long time. And there were a couple of headlines of him. First of all, he's saying he would've won. He never should have stepped aside. This is according, I think it was the Washington Post or there, my team will correct me. I think it was WaPo anyway, yeah, it was WaPo saying, I I would've won n not, I shouldn't have stepped aside. That was, that was mistaken. But in the meantime, in his final days, he's doing everything possible to thwart the Trump agenda, You know, from striking this deal with certain workers that they can work for from home in Interminably to now making it impossible for us to do drilling pretty much off of the entire east coast. And Trump tried to undo Barack Obama's attempt to do that to him when he took over, Trump took over in 16 and Barack Obama had tried to do this and Trump tried to undo it by executive order.


It was challenged in the course and Trump lost So there is a better than average chance that Joe Biden's moves will, will hold. Meanwhile, Trump ran on drill, baby drill. The American people voted for this and Joe Biden with his la or maybe it's Joe Biden, maybe it's not Joe Biden, who knows who's making these decisions. Ben is doing everything within his power to thwart the wall to stop the return of the federal workforce to DC and this is the latest on drilling offshore. So I actually don't think it's gonna work. And the reason I don't think it's gonna work is in the interim, since Trump was in office, there was an overruling of Chevron deference, which means that administrative decisions that are overruled. But You know, that they kinda get caught up in this, this internal procedure now will go before the judiciary.


So it, it's, it, it may be that the doctrine has changed in the meantime. So maybe Trump actually has a shot at, at reversing this in a way he didn't back in 2019, whatever the case, it is very clear who Joe Biden is right now, that all the, everything has been sort of, all, all the chains have been unleashed, right? He, he is, he's free and he's running naked through the streets and all of his horrifying glory. And it, it's terrible. I mean in every way from the drilling to the patterns of the, of the murderers to whatever he is gonna do on foreign policy, which I think is gonna be quite bad in his last couple of weeks. I mean, we are blessed that he's leaving office and we are blessed that his party will have no power. Thank God for the American people man. Because that bleep needs to go And will, I mean will, I mean he, he even Kamala Harris today is out there like I will certify the results.


Unlike that loser who refused to do it right, like it, it's these two. I can't wait to see them leave Washington. I really can't wait. It's gonna be a joy. Ben, I'm sorry, however, to see you go, it's a pleasure to see you my friend. Great to see you. Happy New Year. You too. Alright, we're gonna stay on Joe Biden. When Glenn Greenwald the number one guest, the most frequent guest on the Megan Kelly show joins us next.


Did You know that American homeowners nationwide have over $32 trillion in equity and cyber criminals are targeting it with a growing scam? The FBI calls house, stealing, house alarms, doorbell cameras, deadbolts dogs, they won't work against these thieves because they're not after your stuff, they're after your equity. If your title is not being monitored, scammers can transfer the title of your home into their name, then take out loans against it or even sell it behind your back. The best way to protect your equity is with triple lock protection from Home Title Lock. Triple lock protection is 24 7 monitoring and God forbid if the worst happens, restoration services at no out-of-pocket cost to you. When was the last time you checked on your title? Likely never. Right? And that's exactly what scammers are counting on. Make sure you're not already a victim and you can get a free title history report as well as a 30 day free trial of triple lock protection today by going to Home Title Lock dot com and using the promo code Megan, or just click on the link in the description. That's Home Title Lock dot com. Promo code megan Home Title Lock dot com.


Hey, it's Tucker Carlson. We are proud to provide a venue for Oliver Stone's son Sean, who's a friend of ours and also a filmmaker. His latest documentary series called All the President's Minutes, a multi-part series in which he explains in vivid detail how the first Trump administration 2016 to 2020 was subverted from the very first day by the deep state who picked off one by one members of the then President's Inner Circle and some of them are still on the scene. You will see in-depth interviews with, for example, cash Patel, who was the incoming president's new FBI director with Mike Flynn and many other people You know whose whole stories you may not have heard before. It's an amazing series. All the President's men by Sean Stone playing right now on tucker carlson.com. We're proud to have it. We think you'll like it.


Joining me now, the very first guest ever on the Megan Kelly show back in September, 2020. Soon we'll be at our fifth year anniversary and one of the most frequent Glenn Greenwald host of Rumbles System update. Glenn, happy New Year. Great to see you Owen. Happy January 6th. Happy New Year to you. Yes, we call that Insurrection Day in our household. I forgot that I was your first guest and I called myself the godfather of this program for some time, but you grew a lot and I figured that title was no more inappropriate. But yeah, it's always great to be back. It's amazing the January 6th thing and, and You know, right on brand as we head into January 6th, who gets honored by President Biden, not with the Presidential Medal of Freedom, but with one step down like the commendation one under, but Liz Cheney because what did the Democrats love more than the Cheneys?


This Is, You know, I think it's important to sometimes underscore how amazing it really is for people who may not have been involved in politics 20 years ago who weren't paying a lot of attention, who were too young to have lived through it. The policies that Dick Cheney stood for, that Liz Cheney, by his side was a vocal advocate of and continues to this very day to justify not just the invasion of Iraq, that too Guantanamo due process, free imprisonment, kidnapping people off the streets of Europe, torture due pro CIA black sites. These things were regarded at the time for years as one of the greatest evils in American history by liberals and Democrats. They were calling these people Nazis and war criminals. And to be honest, I was among them.


So to watch the commendation not just be about Liz Cheney's heroic role on the January 6th committee, but Biden said 20 years of service in defense of dignity, freedom, and decency. When she's a symbol of these policies that they said at least as bad about as they say of Trump now, is just so indicative of how democratic party politics has become so craven and empty. It's really, I mean it's pretty galling and of course it's just, they just wanna call attention to January 6th and they continue trying to sell it as the new nine 11 and the American public is just not buying it.


No matter how many dark Brandon's speeches we have, how many attempts to declare Trump an insurrectionist and keep him off the ballot we have, or how many presidential medals we have given to, I mean, did nobody pays attention to these civilian medals? It's like Anna Wintour was given him. Like what, how does she get, and I think she got the one higher than Liz Cheney, by the way. There's somebody, yes, I have this here in my packet. Somebody is upset, some leftist is upset that Liz Cheney didn't get what Anna Wintour got. It's CNN medical analyst, Jonathan Reiner says. So Biden awarded Liz Cheney, a lesser recognition than Anna Wintour, Denzel Washington and Bill Neva, science guy indefensible.


This is the presidential medal of freedom. No public figure has demonstrated courage in the defense of freedom more than Liz Glenn. There's so many things to say about, and I honestly don't know where to start. But first of all, just as an aside, 'cause you brought it up, the reason Anna Wintour, the editor-in-chief of Vogue got that award is because she refused to put Melania on the cover of Vogue like the first time in years that a First Lady hasn't been on there. But put Jill Biden on there twice. So she has made her political affinities very clear and of course the Biden administration loves her for that. Okay? We just went through a campaign where Kamala Harris effectively made Liz Cheney, her running mate, dragging her all throughout the Midwest as though disaffected, You know, working class people were yearning for a return of the nobility of the Cheneys as if that's what they were craving.


And look, I have Liz Cheney here and look, I'm gonna bring, go to Michigan and remind all of you the Muslim voters that I need, that I have Dick Cheney's daughter with me too. Remember them. And it failed. And not only did it fail in terms of Liz Cheney, I think the broader point failed to trying to claim tell Americans that ideology doesn't matter, economics doesn't matter, culture doesn't matter. All that matters is our conception of democracy. And remember January 6th and it was Liz, nobody cares. Nobody cares. This is not what people think. It was a three hour riot that was easily subdued. It had about a thousand Trump supporters at most. Two of them dropped out of a heart attack, one of them from an overdose. These were not trained militias. Nobody wielded a gun to continue to try and squeeze the stone after they just got crushed doing it January 6th Insurrection Liz Cheney.


They're just so out of ideas that it's almost like they don't even internalize the rejection that they just experienced. So when Joe Biden gave Liz Cheney the award, as there always is when it's Joe Biden and a woman, any woman could be Betsy DeVos, who came on my show a couple years ago to say that she was in a wheelchair after having hurt her leg. And he basically me toed her forehead. I don't, I I don't understand exactly, but it happened to the little girls whose hair he sniffs to Liz Cheney. Joe Biden doesn't know when to let go of any female in his presence. He, in this video here, you'll see he, he's got her by the hand.


She's kind of like, gimme my award. Okay, I've got the award. She tries to pull away, he won't let go. He's He's, oh my God, To the hand. At one point she actually does roll her eyes. He's, she still doesn't have the award. He's still holding onto it. And I don't know exactly what's going on here, Glen, but it's probably further evidence of the president's decline. I'm just gonna give you one more on the back of that one. Last night he gave an inter, well he didn't give an interview, he's caught at the White House on camera speaking to reporters. This is from Fox News. We went back to look at the original to see what led to this moment.


What was it? A question about Debbie Murphy. Somebody asked him a question about what oh, asked him about Trump's plan to end birthright citizenship. Okay, that was the question that preceded the outburst. You will hear from Joe Biden right here. Listen, Do You still believe he's a threat to democracy? I think what he did was a genuine threat to democracy by being the oldest president. I know more world leaders than any one of you ever met in your home goddamn life. What? Wait, what? So what's happening there, Glen? You know, I I just, I'm almost hesitant to say it because You know, we all have this experience I think where somebody in our family or somebody beloved by someone close to us ends up in like the last stages of their life.


They're, You know, experiencing various forms of dementia. They go into nursing homes. You talk to any caregiver in a nursing home and they will tell you that male patients in particular, as they get older, they start doing very inappropriate things. They lose sense of their boundaries, but also they just don't, you can't follow a conversation any longer. And they get very grumpy at the same time. Like almost aggressive. That was like, I mean, I would've been concerned for my physical safety if I had been in the vicinity of Joe Biden when he was speaking that way. 'cause actually that dementia can make people very physically powerful. True, true Megan. True. I was gonna talk about how the lies that the media told about January 6th, like Brian sick being budgeted to death of a fire extinguisher, all that, all those, the li lies that they told.


I think it's really worth pausing that if Joe Biden had been reelected as a lot of them wanted him to do, as the Democratic Party was intending for him to, to be, he would have four more years in this state. Oh my God, four more years. He's 82, he would go to 86. He already doesn't know where he is. He has no com compartmental self-control. He doesn't understand what's being said to him. And the media and Democrats have spent not just years, but even more so over the last 12 months heading against the election vehemently insisting that Joe Biden has never been sharper. That he's smarter than everybody in the room. That he's WW whip smart and detailed focus. And and they continue to say it that San Simone Sanders said it.


Chuck Schumer was saying it just a few months ago. The lie that they told about Joe Biden's mental capacity when they thought he they needed him to be reelected is such a foundational lie to our democracy. And so many of them were complicit in it. And yet we had ready, as we went to break PolitiFact saying the lie of the year was Trump's. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the pets. That was the lie of the year, not Joe Biden's fine and can totally do a second term. It was what a joke. You mentioned a couple of media defenses of Joe Biden's mental acuity. We've got some of that. Here's Simone Sanders on Meet the Press on Sunday.


I was very surprised that when you asked the question about mental acuity, he didn't more forcefully push back. The question on the table is, is is the, is the president of all the way there and the answer is unequivocally yes. Democrats in November to try to tell the American people something they could see with their own eyes wasn't true. But it's not true that the president doesn't have the mental acuity. Oh really? She was referring to Chuck Schumer there, which I'll just play too before I toss it to you. Glenn Kristen Welker, the moderator confronted Chuck Schumer over the many lies he told about Biden being a superhero behind the scenes. You know, if only we could see him the way Schumer sees him, he's, he's, You know, he's Einstein, ready to do rhetorical battle with anybody at any point here he, here she is confronting Schumer on it.


I wanna play you a little bit of something you said last year. Take a look. I talk to President Biden, You know, regularly off sometimes several times in a week or usually several times in a week. His mental acuity is great, it's fine, it's as good as it's been over the years. All this right wing propaganda that he's mental acuity is declined as wrong Leader. Schumer, what do you say to Americans who feel as though you and other top Democrats misled them about President Biden's mental acuity? No, Look, we didn't, and let's, let's look, look, let's look at President Biden. He's had an amazing records. He's a patriot, he's a great guy.


And when he stepped down, he did it on his own Because he thought it was better not only for the Democratic Party for the America, we should also salute him. We should all salute him. Do you feel as we have this conversation today, that President Biden could serve another four years had he stayed in the race and potentially won? Well, I'm not gonna speculate as a, as I said, I think his record is a stellar one and he'll go down in history as a really outstanding president. So he as an answer, he's a great guy. He's a patriot that does not speak to whether he has the mental acuity to do another four years, nevermind complete the existing four Also.


They're still lying. They're still lying. The idea that Joe Biden so patriotically and selflessly decided he was going to step down because it was for the good of the country. He was infuriated that they were forcing him to step down. They threatened him with the 25th Amendment. Nancy Pelosi and Barack Obama were calling every day and intensifying their threats. Nancy Pelosi said, we can do this the easy way or the hard way. He's enraged and bitter to this day that they forced him to, to leave the race. He didn't selflessly do anything, let alone decide. He didn't wanna run for reelection. The other part of it though, Meghan, is there obviously have been times when the media has lied to the public about, You know, the war in Vietnam or Iraq or Russiagate, all Hunter Biden's laptop.


And those were instances where the public had no way of knowing what the truth was. They had no way of knowing that they were being lied to. The amazing thing about this case is that if you look at public polling data, going back to 20 20, 20 21, the public knew that Joe Biden was cognitively declining. They knew he was cognitively unfit for the presidency. The media pretended over and over that it was a lie. And until the debate happened, when they couldn't hide it anymore, and they all had to pretend, oh my God, we can't believe it. It turns out Joe Biden doesn't seem like he's all there. And the amazing part about that is when George Clooney wrote that op-ed that ended up being a significant catalyst to forcing Joe Biden out, which is the, the weird unto itself.


But when Joe Co George Coney wrote that, he said when he decided that this has to happen was that that fundraiser they did, where Barack Obama led him off the stage and he said that Joe Biden was a Joe Biden they had never seen before. At the time everybody else noticed that. They said, look, Joe Biden doesn't even know where he is. Obama has to like walk him off the stage. The Washington Post, the New York Times in conjunction with the White House Col collaborated to say this was disinformation right wing, cheap fakes. In other words, they were showing the correct video about lying about it. They, and then George Clooney comes out and says, yeah, at that event he, he, he wasn't there. And none of these media outlets have remotely accounted for what it is that they did. No.


And and by the way, Kristen Welker is equally guilty because there's a clip of her post the June debate, post the meltdown defending Biden's mental acuity when she was interviewing Doug Bergham who was raising serious questions about it. Here's that, I mean the nation, we keep talking about elections at a greater national security today than we were on Thursday because the commander in chief showed governor that he's not capable of serving. Well there's not proof of that. But let, governor, let me just ask you about the debate and a little bit more of what we saw. By one count Donald Trump made more than 30 false claims during that debate. Look at that Glen.


She won't, she interrupts him. She won't let him back up his point. She claims there's no proof that he, he doesn't have the mental acuity to be president. This is days after that disastrous debate that would wind up causing him to lose massive support and wind up having to go. And then she, what does she, why, what what is so pressing that she needs to move on to? Oh, Trump told 30 lies. You know, if you, first of all, if you watch her interviews, like her series of interviews since she took over and meet the press, if it's not like Chuck Todd was any better, maybe just a little smoother, a little more subtle about it. 'cause he'd been on for so long. She, every time she interviews a Trump supporter every time that's what she does.


She interrupts to try and imply that what's being said is too false to even allow to be on the air. She constantly debates the person she's debating after they say something by saying there's no evidence for it. She then wants to pivot to show how aggressive she is on behalf of the Democrats. She has never ever interviewed a democratic party politician that way ever. Where she's constantly interrupting explicitly saying they're lying. Just like those moderators that a, b, c news did where they never FactCheck Kamala or anything. She said, despite the multiple eyes, they only give to Trump. And then in this case, again, I have to say the fact that that was after the debate, every American of any kind of political stripe who was being remotely honest, saw with their own eyes, not for the first time that Joe Biden was not just cognitively declined but cognitively crippled.


And then they're sitting there saying, there's no evidence for that. And then they turn around and wonder, why is nobody listening to us? Why is everybody turning us off? Why does everybody distrust us? And they complain about this endlessly the fact that, oh, there are these other podcasts and independent media that people turn to and they're so angry about it. They think it's so dangerous that no one listens to them anymore. They never look inward. She should just look at that one interview she did. Just that one. And the answer lies right in there, right? So, so flagrantly, Meanwhile over at CBS there is one woman, Jan Crawford Greenberg, who, or maybe she's just Jan Crawford now, I think she may have gotten a divorce. In any event, she stands as a beacon of reason or at least attempted in this case when the subject comes up on her network of what the most under-reported story of 2024 was.


It's interesting 'cause she just had a situation where she took on her network in a, in a tape that was leaked when Tony Decapo kind of went after Tahi Coates, right? Who, who had spent 10 days in Israel and declared himself an expert and wrote a book about it. Which I I feel like you should spend more than 10 days there before he write a, anyway, the, the anchor got a ton of blow back and like disciplined and she stood up in this meeting to say, what are, what's our process? Because you had one guy coming on with one POV and he challenged him with a different POV and isn't that called journalism? Anyway, here she is again on what actually was the most under-reported story Undercovered under-reported.


That would be to me Joe Biden's obvious cognitive dec decline that became undeniable in the televised debate as the presidential debate was Trump un unquestioned. And You know, it's starting to emerge now that his advisors kind of managed his limitations been reported in the Wall Street Journal for four years and yet he insisted that he could still run for president. We should have much more forcefully questioned whether he was fit for office for another four years, which could have led to a primary for the Democrats. It could have changed the, the, the scope of the entire election. Yet still incredibly, we read the Washington Post that his advisors are saying that he regrets that he dropped outta the race, You know, that he thinks he could have beaten Trump.


And I think that is either delusional or they're gaslighting President Biden. What do you mean of that Glen? Well just, just add one thing like on on what you said with that interview with Tonya Cos, and even going back to, to Kirsten Walker's interview of, of Doug Bergham, I actually think that journalists should be adversarial when they're interviewing people that way. The problem is they have to be adversarial to everybody. That's supposed to be the role right out people with influence people who them on. And if you're only adversarial when one view is being expressed but not the other, that's when questions arise. That's your agenda. I bring this up every time, not to praise you, but just because it's true. Like I remember back in 20 14, 20 15 when I didn't even know you and I, there was a political profile of you and that's one of the things I said about you.


It's like, just take a look at how she interviews Republican politicians. I know you loved DeSantis during the campaign, but interviewed him extremely aggressively 'cause that's your job. And the problem is so often they don't do that job. They do it only for politicized ends, not journalistic ones. As for the whole, we should have covered this more. She's of course, right, but I think there needed to be a discussion. 'cause it's a little bit easy to say now about why wasn't there more coverage of that. There were a couple reporters who were trying, like Alex Thompson at Political Axios, he was on, oh sorry, Axios, I think, yeah, one of them. I know you might as well just confused them. They're the same. But yeah, Alex Thompson, I think he's at Axios now. He was at political, he was on this for a long time.


And the problem was, I was thinking about this when I was listening to Kristen Walker too, is if you're one of those journalists who deviates just a little bit, if you're in corporate media, on television, in the op-ed page of the New York Times, Washington Post, and you deviate just a little bit, you actually do start asking those questions. You get mobbed attacked by the people who you think matter, namely liberals. And it's a very aggressive and effective form of discipline to say, if you do do your job, we are going to spend three days on, on Twitter, You know, demonizing you, attacking you, trying to ruin your reputation. And no one wants that. And so they get into this mindset of, oh, I better perform the way everybody expects me to perform, which is tell anyone defending Trump that they're lying, interrupt them, say we can't have those lies on the air and then switch to, to defending Biden.


And so much of that dynamic was about that. So I'm glad Jen Crawford said that, but I think they needed some self-reflection, like why was that so uncovered? Now they're closer to doing it than ever because they lost. So now you can see they're genuinely thinking, okay, some, some sincere soul searching might be in order so that we don't lose again. It's not so that they can save their reputations or do good journalism, Glenn. Yeah, I mean it's so easy to dump on Joe Biden now because Joe Biden's never gonna run again. No one needs him anymore for anything. And ever since he was forced out of the race, they kind of started turning on him.


But here's the thing. Kamala Harris as vice president was not only one of the closest people to Joe Biden, at least in theory. I mean, she met with him all the time, that's for sure. But she also has a constitutional duty as a vice president. There's the 25th Amendment to alert people. If the person who has all this power who's running the executive branch, who's the commander-in-chief of the armed Forces, isn't capable of doing the job. And not only didn't she do that, she was one of the most overt liars in defending Joe Biden before he dropped out, insisting that he was sharp as attack and all of that. Why isn't there if, if this is a genuine sort of, let's figure out what we did wrong kind of moment, simply attacking Joe Biden is really kind of pointless.


And even sort of saying, Hey, we have to figure out what to avoid next time getting caught. That's even worse. I mean, Kamala Harris is probably gonna run for governor. She's talking about running for president again. She bears a lot of accountability for perpetuating this ex. And this is not a trivial lie. This is fundamental to our democracy. And you don't see any accountability trying to be brought to her by these journalists because she's still valuable to them. Kamala Harris didn't even know what the 25th Amendment was. I got dollars to donuts. She probably thought it was the rental car policy that requires you to be 25 years old before you can rent a car. This woman was out there, couldn't even lead the Senate in the Pledge of Allegiance a couple of days if she doesn't even know the pledge.


Or she's too, she says it so infrequently, she forgot it in the moment. I'm sorry, but it was ridiculous. Here's that moment. Join me in pledging allegiance to our flag pledge allegiance to the United States of the United States of America. And to the, To the flag. To the flag. It's what kids used to say every day, at least in elementary school, including yours truly. And my little guy in his elementary school did too. But Kamala Harris, I don't know, I guess they didn't do that out in Canada where she was raised.


You know, Megan, I think, and this is like kind of an intangible, but I think one of the biggest problems with Kamala Harris as a politician is that she was constantly petrified of saying something that would bring embarrassment to her. And that insecurity generally comes from a lack of knowledge. You know, if you're supposed to know about something, but you don't, you wanna be as vague as possible. She spent her entire life until she got to the Senate, You know, six months ago doing, You know, law. She was a lawyer. She was a prosecutor, totally perfect profession, You know, nothing to be embarrassed about with that. All she knew though, all she really knows is the law. She knows criminal law, she knows how to prosecute, or at least she knows about prosecution.


She never thought about, studied and got involved with foreign policy, economic policy, immigration policy, securing the root causes in central America of instability and poverty in those countries. The things that she was supposed to be able to speak on. And she knew she was a fraud. That's why for three years we never heard from her except in the most scripted ways. And they tried to confine her that way during the debate, during the election too. Remember when she wouldn't even sit down with a reporter for so long and then she finally didn't. It was like the friendliest reporters and her worst moments were often with the, the friendliest reporters like on Stephen Colbert and the View when she's like, I wouldn't be different than Joe Biden at all. I can't think of anything that I would've done differently.


She's a terrible politician. She knows almost nothing. And the entire attempt to foist her on the country with no votes, no debates, no democracy was at least as bad as what the media did in concealing Joe Biden's mental decline. Well, that's an interesting question, which is the bigger lie that Joe Biden was competent for the job or that Kamala Harris was, You go back and look at how Kamala Harris was talked about all the way up until the time that she was bequeathed to us by Nancy Pelosi and, and and Barack Obama. Yeah, she was a national joke. There were all these stories and I mean in liberal outlets, like she was firing her staff constantly.


She had no role to play. Everything she did turned, You know, to crap. She was not trusted to do anything. She was never considered. And she ran for president once before and dropped out before the first vote was counted, was counted despite having every structural advantage, massive cash from California where she comes from a huge campaign structure. She was a historic figure as a black woman. So the media loved her, she had every conceivable advantage, but she was such a terrible politician, she couldn't even make it to Iowa. And then suddenly we were supposed to be told, and she was chosen by Joe Biden Because he had promised to choose a black woman for his vice presidency. That's the reality, You know, only had two or three choices, none of which were particularly good.


And that is the truth. And the media on a time, Megan turned around and tried to convince us that she was like this historic pioneer, this generational political talent who was going to, You know, inspire young Americans and come out to droves and crush Donald Trump once a fraud. The whole thing was a fraud. It was a complete fraud. It lasted about three weeks and then the whole house came crashing down because it was built on no foundation. Yeah, just like her accents were a fraud. We gone win. We gone win. Have you not decency, man, like it, it was just so fake. I don't know. I'm asking myself that same question, which is the bigger lie that he was competent to do, to do the job or that she was God, they're, they're, they're tied because Joe Biden was totally incompetent.


He did not have the mental acuity. He still doesn't, and he still president right now. He certainly couldn't do a second term. And she, I mean, in my lifetime, she's the biggest moron to ever run for president or vice president ever. And, and that became more and more obvious day after day. And the reality is that Joe Biden knew that, which is one of the reasons why he was so determined not to, to, to drop out. And I don't blame him for on some level thinking that he would've been the better candidate because it's hard to imagine how somebody could have been worse and on top, You know? I mean he's at least proven over 50 years that he is a adept politician. He knows how to win elections. You know, in 2020 he won operator, he was in the Senate for won for vice president. Yeah.


It's like even with his brain melting, there's still like a part of him that you just kind of like, he wind him up and he is like, Hey, I'm Scran and Joe, and it's like an instinct that she completely lacks. So I almost understand his, his bitterness. But I, the Democratic party was in a huge bind because they knew she was not even close to their strongest candidate. The problem was, had they chosen Gavin Newsom or Josh Shapiro, or even Gretchen Whitmer, there were a lot of people on the base of the party on whom they rely, who would've said, how dare you pass the black woman by who was elected, who was at your side, who was next in line and choose a white male or a white candidate instead. And the identity politics framework that they created that they thought would help them has become their Frankenstein.


And they were trapped. They could not, they were damned if they did and damned if they didn't. And they hoped that the media would be able to create enough of a fraud that it would lift her and hide her flaws. And it just didn't come close to working. It's amazing. Thank God that American people saw right through it. Now they sought through most of the media lies, I have to say. That's why Trump won. But it wasn't for lack of trying on the media's part to mislead them. And Gron, who does these great mashups put together some of the lies that we saw from the media leading up to the election and, and just in 2024, we've only cut a minute soundbite. This could go on. But here's the sampling. Well look at this. So nine, It's a growing and insidious trend in right wing media, broadcast, print, and social media.


It is to take highly misleading and selectively edited videos of, and then use those videos to spread messages virally to cast out on President Biden's fitness for office. Tim Waltz beats America. You know, punks like a regular person. Tim Walsh is the Opposite of weird. A happy warrior, folksy backstory, wicked sense of humor. Look how happy the pig looks. It Looks good. It's hard to believe that JV Vance could be any more extreme. It's Like a freak show of bros. Dark and ugly beneath the dignity of most politicians. JV Vance, JD is at the far extreme, the most extreme being one of the most extreme angry and mean and dark.


This Guy is really weird. Y'all, our current president of the United States has so much respect for the law that he has said he would not Pardon his son. And Joe Biden has very clearly said he would not Pardon his son, he would not commute his sentence. How can Republicans keep making this argument now that, that no, now that Joe Biden has really put it out there, This version of Biden is the best Biden ever. That is amazing. What a great montage of the lying. The lying they did. Because every one of those, I believe they knew they were lying. You know, I one, one of, despite how much I criticize media and journalists, or if you wanna call them that journalist, if you're being very generous, I actually believe in journalism a lot.


Like a lot of times I'm criticizing it because I want us as a country to have good journalism. It's absolutely crucial. And one of the things that sickens me the most when I listen to montages like that, the lying is very apparent. It's the herd behavior they read from scripts. And I don't mean this metaphorically, I believe they get literal scripts. You know, like two weeks ago when Elon Musk spoke out against the spending bill and it ended up being sabotaged and you saw this coordinated effort by the Democrats to call Elon Musk the president to try and drive a wedge between him and Trump, which was so obvious. Yeah, go look at how many democratic politicians, how many people in media did that overnight?


They all copy one another, they speak to one another first. They pick up on each other's language cues. There's no individuality. It's supposed to be like a profession of iconoclast, of iconoclastic, You know, adversarial spirit. And there's none of that. So not only are there all lies in that montage that you showed, it's all so redundant. You turn on any one of those channels, you read any of their op-eds, they're all saying exactly the same thing. It's coordinated lying on top of just lying. Exactly right. That's why that weird thing about JD Vance caught fire because they all loved it so much. It got for Tim Walls the nomination, which was great as it turns out for the Republican ticket. And once again proves that they, they just don't have the power anymore.


The American public sees through these lies. They knew Tim Walls was the weird one. JD Vance is not weird at all. He's actually quite normal, which is one of his best selling points. Now that's the Democrat party. The Republican party does not and has not for a long time marched in lockstep. They are like the big Italian family that airs its grievances very publicly. And that brings me to Elon Musk versus Steve Bannon, which we will cover right after this quick commercial break.


More with Glenn coming up after this, here is a shocking truth about New Year's resolutions. Whether you wanna lose weight, improve your energy, or beat that embarrassing post meal bloat, nothing works if your gut isn't healthy first. That's why for 2025, I wanna introduce you to JustThrive probiotic. Most probiotics die in your harsh stomach acid before they can do much good JustThrive Probiotic is the only probiotic clinically proven to arrive in your gut. 100% alive. That means better digestion, health immunity, great energy and easy weight management. It comes in capsule form or berry flavored gummies. So there's an option for everyone in the family. Plus it's backed by an industry leading 100% money back guarantee. Love the way you feel or get a full product refund, no questions asked. Ready to transform your health in 2025. Visit JustThrive health.com and use code Megan for 20% off your first 90 day bottle. That's like getting a month for free. JustThrive health.com promo code. Megan, here's to your best health with JustThrive.


Hey, it's Tucker Carlson. We are proud to provide a venue for Oliver Stone's son Sean, who's a friend of ours and also a filmmaker. His latest documentary series called All the President's Minutes, a multi-part series in which he explains in vivid detail how the first Trump administration 2016 to 2020 was subverted from the very first day by the deep state who picked off one by one members of the then President's Inner Circle and some of them are still on the scene. You will see in-depth interviews with, for example, cash Patel, who is the incoming president's new FBI director with Mike Flynn and many other people You know whose whole stories you may not have heard before. It's an amazing series. All the President's men by Sean Stone playing right now on tucker carlson.com. We're proud to have it. We think you'll like it.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Glenn, I mentioned this with Ben Shapiro, but there was an intra party fight that erupted over the past two weeks when it comes to H one B visas, which allow foreign workers to come over to the United States and work here. And it was Musk and Vive versus Steve Bannon and some core MAGA or working class supporters too on on whether these are a good thing or a bad thing. Trump ultimately sided with Elon, but it kind of emerged after the weird vi vague tweet into more of a fight between Elon and Bannon. Those two, I mean, behemoths doing rhetorical battle. And here's just an example of what Bannon said to Elon Musk on Bannon's show.


You know, not directly but into the Ether 21. You need to study modern political history of the fights we've been through for 12 or 14 years to get to this spot. We're not having group hugs, we're not having pats on the head. I've said many times that Elon came and Elon's money help organize the grassroots of it in his engineering mind. He saw what the problem was as we saw it and he supported it. And for that, he gets a place at the table. There's no doubt you should, there are recent converts, but the converts sit in the back and study for years and years and years to make sure you understand the faith.


Don't come up and go to the pulpit in your first week here and start lecturing people about the way things are gonna be. If you're gonna do that, we're gonna get, and we're gonna rip your face off. Oh boy. Elon had tweeted, I don't know that this was directly to Steve Bannon, but had tweeted, the Reason I'm in America, along with so many critical people who built SpaceX, Tesla, and hundreds of other companies that make, that made America strong is because of H one B. Take a big step back and fuck yourself in the face. I will go to war on this issue. The likes of which you cannot possibly comprehend. So I mean, two extremely strong messages from two extremely strong messengers, both close to Trump, both within the GOP, your take on it.


I think It's, it's very healthy despite obviously the political rhetoric sometimes gets overheated. That's just the nature of people fighting about things that they strongly believe in. When I, You know, the reason I got interested in the Trump movement in 2016, I had never found Republican politics interesting before that, to be perfectly honest. It was the Republican party of George Bush and John McCain and MIT Romney. It was very predictable, very kind of stayed very ProE establishment was because Donald Trump in the 2016 campaign, which remember was architected by Steve Bannon. Bannon's vision was to cleanse not just Washington or the Democratic party, but the Republican party of a lot of its most central sacred orthodoxies.


J Steve Bannon's plan for Donald Trump soon as he got into office was to raise taxes on the largest corporations and the richest, use that money for a bipartisan infrastructure deal that would renew America and put people back to work. And the number three bargain with that to get funding for the wall, that was Steve Bannon's nationalistic populist vision. He ended up losing a power struggle to Jared Kushner, a much more kind of traditional Republican. And the first Bush administration, Trump administration ended up doing things like cutting corporate taxes and the like. But that was the ethos out of which the MAGA movement began, is the reason why they hated Jeb Bush and the Bush family and those Republican lobbyists and why Trump was able to mow one of them down after the next, despite all Republican establishment money behind everyone except him and this conflict that absolutely still exists.


There are a lot of people who are very, very wealthy, who see themselves as citizens of the world, who are part of these gigantic corporations. Elon does business in a lot of places with Tesla like China and India. They have a very different worldview than the nationalist populist who got behind Steve Bannon and whose vision is very, very different on things like immigration. And you see this playing out and you're gonna absolutely see it playing out. And it's so ironic, Megan, because you ask any liberal and they'll say, oh, the MAGA movement conservatives, they're a leader worshiping cult. Everybody is told what to do, they get into line behind Trump. That's such projection. That's what the Democratic party has become. The democratic party used to be that chaotic, but it's not any longer.


It's a party of lockstep adherence that all the action of ideological conflict and vibrancy and political debate is on the right. It's so funny to watch like Bannon, you gotta hand it to him, has a way of condensing the issue. Like converts sit in the back and then Elon not one to be trifled with, with the fuck your face. I will die on this hill. Like it's, it's on, it's gonna be a dramatic and fun and consequential, hugely consequential. Four years. Quick sojourn back to January 6th day, they just did certify the electoral co college results without a single objection.


The joint session took roughly 30 minutes and Donald Trump will be sworn in as the 47th president of the United States. Yay, on January 20th of this month. Not everyone's happy about it and many people would like us to be more focused on the insurrection that he personally unleashed. If you ask them, as we discussed earlier, they think it's as bad as like the Holocaust. And you don't have to take my word for it. Here is Sonny Hostin of the View. Anyway, six was an atrocity, it was one of the worst moments in American history. And when you, when you think about the worst moments in American history, You know, like World War II things that happened, You know, like the Holocaust chattel slavery.


Yeah, the January 6th is right up there next to the Holocaust and slavery. Glen, Just imagine how demented you have to be to believe that. But I can go back and show you right around January 6th, I'm sure you covered it for YA year or two after at least most Democrats were comparing it to Pearl Harbor and nine 11. Yeah. Saying this was the worst attack. I mean, this is such insane desperation. This is the sort of thing you do when you don't have anything to offer and you just hope by being as melodramatic as possible, that Americans are going to side with you. And I mean, imagine what it's like Meghan, to sp wake up every day, go into their jobs.


Remember all the way up until the election, the main theme was Trump is Hitler. Trump's generals called him fascist. You know all that. He wants to put Liz Chaney in front of a firing squad. He's gonna be a dictator on day one. Imagine saying those things over and over and over and nobody listens. Trump crushes the Democrats and you have to confront your own impotence, your own pointlessness. The fact that nobody trusts you any longer, they're fighting it. They're not, I'm not saying they're engaging self-reflection, but deep down they know how discredited and pathetic they are and they brought it all upon themselves with things like this. So that reminds me that last night Hollywood held the Golden Globes and the comedian who was the host, forgive me, I can't remember her name right now, Nikki Glaser.


She started, okay. Yeah. She started with a remark that was on point to the effect of, there's so many powerful people here, there's absolutely nothing you could do except elect to president. Which was good, correct. 'cause everyone in that room probably voted for Kamala Harris. And the one thing I wanted to raise with you was I didn't tweet a lot while I was on my vacation. I wanted to spend my time with my family. You know, I really, really try. I stay up on the news, but I try not to tweet or get to and do it just because, You know, then it blows up in like a Twitter thing that's distracting and you're thinking about it. And I didn't wanna be thinking about that. I wanted to be thinking about my kids and the mountain. Okay? So, but I did send a tweet out Sunday night, right?


Sunday night or Fri Saturday night because I made the mistake of watching the movie Conclave. And I blame my husband Doug, who said, let's watch the movie Conclave. That's really all, all he did. But we, we thought it was, it was built as a thriller involving the Vatican and the process of a selecting a new Pope. So that sounded kind of good. I'm into thrillers. I love thrillers actually. And I thought maybe there'd be like a murder and you have to figure out who done it or You know, I whatever in no world. And yes, I am about to offer the spoiler of this movie and I hope you don't care because I hope you don't watch it. I know World did. I predict that the, the big twist was they would elect a new pope.


The whole thing is about the process of electing a new pope who is intersex, who who is purportedly a man but has female reproductive organs. That's the big twist at the end. A ah, The truth is, there simply was no reason to think I was physically different from the other young man. Then in my late thirties, I had a surgery to remove my appendix, and that was when the doctors discovered that I had a uterus and ovaries. Some would say my chromosomes would def define me as being a woman.


And yet I'm also, As you see me And along the way, every single cardinal you meet in the Catholic church is disgusting except for, but not really even except for the one liberal guy from America who's like pushing for more women in the church and a bigger role for women. But he turns out to be pretty craven too. They're all gross. And then the only one who has any virtue is the one who's secretly a woman and then maybe Ray fines, who praise plays the cardinal shepherding the process, who then allows said intersex Pope to become Pope without telling anybody.


And I tweeted out that this was disgusting, that it was anti-Catholic, that I was offended, repulsed by what I saw. And then somebody asked the screenwriter, it was based on a book written a few years ago, the screenwriter Peter Str about my criticism apparently last night at the Globes saying, she called it me anti-Catholic. And he quote, rejected my claim saying, I don't think it is, I was brought up Catholic. Some of my best friends are Catholic. I mean, he says, I was brought up Catholic. I was an altar boy. Well, Peter Straw, those days are obviously long gone.


And he says, I think the core message of conclave is about the church always having to refind its spiritual core because it deals with so much power. I don't believe that at all. It's not about having to refind its spiritual core. It was an attempt to embarrass and humiliate Catholics. And I get it. I understand that the Catholic church has had its problems, Glenn, but I'm sick of this bullshit because they always do this, whether it's Catholics or Christians, there is one religion that they love to mock, smear and belittle. And if you look at all the times that they've mock smeared and belittled religions, Catholicism and Christians would be at the very, very top.


And there's not a second close contender. And it's reflected in the writeups of the movie like varieties. Peter Deb Bruge calls this movie one of the most satisfying twists in years. And that's what we're talking about a Hail Mary that both surprises and restores one's faith. Maybe not everyone's, but certainly that of the Disillusioned Vultures film critic calls it sinfully entertaining. They love to see the Catholics humiliated. A film like this would never, never be made about Islam or Muslims Or Judaism. So let me just, or Judaism, this is the thing. Yeah, so exactly. So this, You know, it ha, this goes back to what we were talking about before about journalists and interviewing people.


Adversarially. If you see someone doing it to everyone, you can say, okay, that's what they do. That's kind of a, an important function. I remember when the Charlie Hebdo murder happened in Paris and the idea was no, we need to make sure that we retain the right to satirize everything, including Islam, including the things most sacred. That's a really important part of society. The problem is, is that especially in Hollywood, just like with these journalists, they don't do it to everybody. They don't, they're not satirists, they're not adversarial interviewers. They're highly politicized with an agenda that's constantly concealed, yet very, very apparent. And Hollywood is one of those institutions in the United States that until very recently had been a very powerful and very popular that has basically collapsed.


Nobody goes to these films any longer. Everything is very fragmented. You ask young people who they admire and who they think is most famous. It's not Hollywood Star making any star makers anymore. It's people on the internet. It's YouTubers, it's podcasters. These are the people who they're following. And one of the reasons why Hollywood has lost so much of its cache, I think the same is true for the media and so many of other institutions is because they're constantly engaged in political advocacy, masquerading as culture, masquerading as journalism, masquerading as whatever. And they become increasingly transparent and people just don't trust them anymore. I didn't see the film, so I can't comment on that. But that is definitely an overall trend. Don't bother, don't bother.


Because it's like Ray fine. They, they, I think they won for best screen screen screenplay, I think, and not, they didn't win the other awards, but Ray Fines was up. Stanley Tucci is in it. John Lithgow, of course, You know, he's another one who's a far left guy. He made that clear in his portrayal of Roger Ailes and the bombshell movie and the interviews thereafter, which I paid attention to for obvious reasons. It's ridiculous. And honestly, like I've said to my audience before, I, I have a very high threshold for offense. It's really hard to offend me. I guess I'm, I'm not saying I was offended, I didn't feel like deeply offended, but I was unsettled by what I saw. I wa i, I was pissed. I just think that I'm sick of the Christian Catholic bashing by Hollywood and it's one of the other reasons why I can't stand that entire industry.


Glen Greenwald, thank you my friend. Always great to see you Megan. Happy Insurrection day. You too. Alright, before we go, speaking of Hollywood, guess what? Tomorrow we have an exclusive interview with Brian Friedman, my lawyer, my friend, and the lawyer who is now representing Justin Bald in a massive lawsuit against the New York Times. Around Blake Lively and her allegations against Justin. Alright, so she is claiming some things about Justin and the New York Times printed it like a stenographer. And now Justin is through. Brian Friedman is suing the New York Times and Brian is here in an exclusive and explosive interview tomorrow.


Don't miss that. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.