
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East.


Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show later, my favorite poet and yours, Joseph Massey will be here with his latest book. We are supporting him because we love his poetry. He gets Trump, he gets maga, and then of course he got canceled. But we will not allow him to remain canceled because we have power on the right too, even over the arts and the artists who the left decides we're supposed to hate. But we begin with the news, And it involves immigration today as the corporate media continues to completely misrepresent the now viral case of this guy, rego Garcia, just a Maryland father. According to the media, he's just a Maryland Dad.


We, we've even crossed over to some describing him as a a us man, an an American man. He is not an American man. He is an El Salvadorian who was here illegally under everyone's assessment who's taken a look at this. I mean, there's no question he was here illegally. There's no question. But it's being misrepresented by the media left and right. The story's been brought back into the spotlight because El Salvador, president Bouquet visited the White House yesterday amid his butting bromance with President T And it, it really is very funny. He sent out some tweet after the meeting, like, I Miss President T, or what? I can't remember what it said, but it was something very strange. It was a little, it was broy, but what happened inside the Oval was very consequential when it comes to this case.


And of course, it's implications for President Trump's powers to deport illegals in the country. Joining me now to discuss this and all the news, Steve d, bestselling author and host of the Steve Dace show on Blaze TV and Delano Squires contributor to the Blaze and Research fellow at the Heritage Foundation.


Aren't you tired of the corporate media prioritizing certain narratives over the facts? I was too am, too. And that's why we started this show to have real conversations full of tough questions to get to the truth. And it's why I want to tell you about ground news and independent app and website, not at the mercy of corporate control. They prioritize transparency so you can compare coverage on any issue and think for yourself instead of letting someone else do the thinking for you, they even show important stories that the other side is ignoring. Go to ground news.com/megan and see it in action. With so many outlets suppressing conservative views and ignoring facts, ground news is more important than ever. Track all your most trusted independent sources there so you never miss out on the story. Shaping our world right now, you can get 40% off their vantage plan knocking the price down to just five bucks a month. Go to ground news.com/megan, that's G-R-O-U-N-D news.com/megan to invest in your ability to think critically about the news.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Good to be here. Good to be with you, Megan. Great to see you. Okay, so this guy Kmar Abrego Garcia. It is not a US citizen. He's from El Salvador. He was brought here when he was 16 by his parents. He got arrested around, let's see, it was 2019 and he was, I like 19 or 20. At that time, he was arrested outside of a Home Depot in Hyattsville, Maryland by Prince George County police officers on suspicion of being a gang member, okay? So that he, nobody was bothering him. He was here, brought over, they call him, so-called Dreamers.


When it's their parents who bring them, they don't come willingly, but he was no question. He entered illegally, but then he was suspected of being a gang member and that found him in the crosshairs of law enforcement. And they handed him over to ICE and they recognized that he was not here, Ile here illegally. The following day he was served with a notice of appear to appear, and that commenced removal proceedings against him pursuant to eight USC section 1229 A. He was charged as removable. The government was recognizing he was here unlawfully. And on top of that, he appeared to have behaved unlawfully, though did, they did not need the latter in order to deport him.


Just the fact that you're here illegally subjects you to being deported. That's just the way it is. Then he went through not one but two court proceedings. The first was a bond hearing on April 29th, 2019 with immigration Judge Elizabeth Kessler, who ruled the evidence, showed he was a verified member of MS 13. He was afforded a hearing at which he presented evidence, and so did the other side. The court quote, first reasoned that the respondent failed to meet his burden of demonstrating that his release from custody would not pose a danger to others. As the evidence shows he's a verified member of MS 13 on December 19th, 2019.


So, You know, some what? Eight months later or so, the Board of Immigration Appeals affirmed that finding that he was a member of MS 13, quote. Notwithstanding the respondent's challenges to the reliability of the Prince Georges County Police Department gang field interview sheet, the immigration judge appropriately considered allegations of gang affiliation against the respondent in determining that he has not demonstrated that he's not a danger to property or persons here. Then as he realized he was about to be actually kicked outta the country, he had already been deemed not qualified for bond. He applied for asylum even though it was much too late. You have to apply for asylum within a year of getting here.


And then not coincidentally, also asked for something called withholding from removal from El Salvador in particular, allegedly due to threats from gangs. It was his, it was his safety move. Like, if, if you won't gimme asylum, then please at least say they can't send me back to El Salvador because there are mean gangs there who wanna hurt me and my family. And on October 10th, 2019, he was granted not asylum, but withholding of removal to El Salvador after the immigration judge agreed, he had established it was more likely than not that he would be persecuted by gangs in El Salvador. ICE did not appeal that grant of relief.


And plaintiff, Abrego Garcia was then promptly released from Custody Ice, arrested him in Baltimore this past march under the Trump deportation push. So that's his history. He is under an order of removal. And at that moment where the judge found he didn't qualify for bond and that he was removable just not to El Salvador, he could have been deported to any country in the world. The only arguably wrong thing that's happened here is that when Trump deported him, he sent him to the man's home country of El Salvador. But even that has two potential hooks out of it for the Trump administration.


One, if the circumstance that led to the danger for you in that country you're objecting to go into has been removed, then you can be sent back. And that gang that was allegedly persecuting him is no more in El Salvador. So that's one two. Stephen Miller argued this yesterday that President Trump has declared MS 13 a terrorist organization and ordered all these suspected terrorists to be removed, period, which is a different kind of removal and may supersede the withholding of removal removal order. That that's something they'd have to argue in court And it would have to play out. And it hasn't yet.


But I did take note of Stephen Miller's emphasis on the, he's a terrorist and president boule of El Salvador mentioned that word too. And it seems to me that they're trying to tee up yet another legal argument as to why even the order not to remove him to El Salvador would not be in control with over this particular guy because of Trump's immigration ruling. Okay? So that's where we are now. But that leads me to the media today, which has decided he is not an illegal, he is a Maryland man. That is basically what the media wants us to believe, that he's this really sweet guy who is just a dad in Maryland, and the mean, mean Trump administration is trying to kick him out.


And we don't understand why they're doing that. It feels very wrong to the media. Here's a little bit of a sat montage of some of that, talking about him, just a Maryland Dad guys. That's all Involving the Maryland father. The Maryland Father's case is in court And happening now, a hearing for a Maryland man. Details about A Maryland man tonight. The Maryland man, the Maryland man, Maryland father with protected legal Status, the Maryland father with protected status, a Maryland father with protected legal status, a Maryland father with protected legal status. I think that was News Busters who put that together. Very well done. It really tells the story. N not not one fact that I've just espoused in laying out this story for you and for our audience for the fourth time was repeated in these reports because they're not helpful to the narrative.


Marilyn, father Steve, is much more appealing. Megan, I have to tell you this, this entire story there, there are two kind of meta things about this that stands out to me. Number one, I mean the, the long train of due process that this Marilyn father has received, it, it, it it's way more due process than the state of Colorado is apparently willing to grant parents who don't want their kids taken to the island of Dr. Moreau against their own will. And then they'll be put in jail, right. If they don't consent. I mean, I apparently that this, this is, goes to the the lie, by the way, where a nation of immigrants, when when, when my ancestors came here from Italy and Sicily at the turn of the last century, they didn't view themselves as immigrants.


They wanted to become citizens. We're a nation of citizens, right? And so if any point in time, the people that are lawfully here have less rights than the people who are not. We've lost the plot. And then speaking of which, You know, I I, I think this entire story, I, this is the other thing that kind of stands out to me about the meta aspects of this. You know, I, I long for the days when the president was a Russian asset, Russian asset that was, You know, that was Mont because of a, of a water sports tape. And he was engaged in quid pro quo with Ukraine and, and all the other great scandals. The other side, the left is now down to how dare you deport this MS 13 gang member.


And so I'm reminded of the great prophet Sun Sue and his art of war when your opponent is making a fool out of themselves, let them, Yeah, it's so well said. You know, Delano this Marilyn Mann thing and it's News busters did a good job of showing how it's the exact same language being used on multiple networks is such a lie. It's an obvious lie. They are obfuscating this. And even when they, the ones who reference that there was a finding, he's part of MS 13 that was upheld on appeal, the next thing they do is attack the finding. Well, it wasn't much evidence. Well, you weren't there, there was no there it was, it was appealed And it was upheld on appeal. They're the ones who are lecturing us about you have to respect the courts, respect the courts, or we're gonna have a constitution.


Well, the courts handled this at the time with the Prince George's County gang unit. And by the way, prince George's County is not some far right. County is about as leftist as they come. And now they want us, we're allowed to second guess that court, but no other court that says he was removable or that the Trump administration made an error here. Yeah, I actually live in Prince George County, not, not too far from, You know, Hyattsville. So, You know, so yeah, I'm, I'm, I'm very familiar sort of with the political climate there. This has been, I think for people who are not following the news closely, a very confusing case because there, there are different perspectives going back and forth, right?


Aside from the, the, the Propag propaganda in terms of him being a, a Maryland man, right? Sort of obfuscating his, his legal status. It's o okay, is he a gang member or is he not a gang member? Has he had his due process or has he not? Did the Supreme, is the Supreme Court saying, is there a different distinction between facilitating his return and effectuating his return? What I look at are sort of, sort of big picture issues. And I think there, there are ones that apply to, to each side one on the right. I I do think there's an issue of due process and taking it out of this case, right? We're a nation of laws.


People have rights, citizens, to Steve's point ha have the sort of the highest class of rights and non-citizen residents. I, I, I don't, I'm not a lawyer, so I, I can't speak to, You know, what that set of rights looks like. But I think there are some people who say, look, if he can be taken off the street and sent back to El Salvador, what happens if, if that happens to me and my mom or my dad is on a green card? I understand those concerns. But the on the other side, for people who believe that for too long, the American government, both federal and local, has prioritized the rights of criminals over the rights of law abiding citizens, this is a moment where we have to say, You know what?


We don't have the stomach to do what really needs to be done to make America safe again. And we're going to have to develop it over time. Because if we freak out over every single incident that the media can spin in a particular way, we're never going to get anywhere. And it's, it's ironic because, You know, president Trump was hosting, You know, the president of El Salvador who basically said to the gangs, your time is up. I'm rounding up everybody with, You know, extensive head and neck and arm tattoos and I'm carting you off to jail. And for someone like me who has openly questioned whether, You know, we could be a little bit more innovative in some of our criminal justice policies to minimize the, the sort of third party effects to, to innocent citizens, I look at that and say, wow, this, this guy's doing something that in some respects, I can get behind.


But I also know that that's not the way we do things in America. So there, there's sort of a tension there. And I think if you ask the average American citizen, And if you could snap your finger today and lock up every single gang member, bloods, Crips, neo-Nazis, You know, Italian mafia, Russian mafia, I think many people will say yes, because we want our streets to be safe again. So at a certain point, we're gonna have to develop the stomach for this and we can't allow the media to take every individual incident and and get us off track. Yeah. And that's what they're doing. So right now, this, this man is in an El Salvador in prison, this one that we're sending these illegals to, and the media back home is completely running cover for him.


Just a couple more examples of the ones I gave you. Politico's headline, El Salvador won't return wrongly deported. Marilyn Mann, New York Times El Salvador's leader says he won't return wrongly deported. Marilyn Mann Bloomberg bouquet says deported Marilyn Mann won't be returned to the United States. I mean, you wouldn't even know that he was an El Salvadorian citizen from any of these. And here is the CBC, our, our friends up North El Salvador. President says he won't return us man, who was deported by mistake as if Trump decided Steve Dace needs to go because he he mistook you for an illegal and sent you home and then said, there's nothing I can do about this.


And here's just one more. Here's the New York Times', the daily interviewing their Supreme Court correspondent Adam Liptak about whether this guy has had any due process. And now I just laid it out for you, the what happened to him in 2019, the immigration judge. I read you excerpts from her decision, then it went up in appeal. I read you excerpts from that court's decision, then he acclaimed asylum or withhold from removal and they said, you don't qualify for asylum. And they gave him withholding for, from removal from one country only. But he was absolutely deportable at that moment to any other country and listened to the way the times styles what happened to him.


He wasn't afforded the merest amount of due process. And if he had been afforded that, he could have made two points. One that he's exempt from being deported to El Salvador, and two, that if there are other things to be said about his life, he could dispute that put in evidence what he had the chance witnesses, he was afforded neither of those things. Yes, he was. And in any event, even if everything was true, even if he's a member of this gang, even if that's criminal conduct, even if it's criminal conduct in the United States, that still doesn't give the government the right to deport him.


Maybe it gives them the right to prosecute him in the United States. Maybe it gives them the right to send them somewhere other than El Salvador. But the one thing we know is that it's unlawful to send them to El Salvador. We have every right to deport every illegal in this country, every single one who hasn't been granted asylum, that we do not have to prove that they've committed an extra crime on top of their illegal entry. He was absolutely deportable without any finding about Ms N 13, but one was issued by a court and upheld on appeal.


He was afforded due process, Steve, it just happened six years ago. And he was given a temporary reprieve, at least in insofar as we wanted to send him back to his home. But we, he absolutely could have been ejected anywhere. And look at the nonsense being spun on the New York Times. It's a hugely popular podcast. That's what the left is hearing every day. If, if I'm the Trump administration, I'm gonna park my car, Megan, I'm gonna park it right here. I don't wanna move off of this topic. I wanna, I I want them to keep talking. I wanna recycle this day after day after day if, if my political opponents wanna say, Hey, we are the political party of you cannot deport members of violent gangs, maybe amongst the most violent gangs in the entire hemisphere or your are heartless, heartless and cruel.


That that's just, that's just not anything, anybody that's not vested in the undoing of America who's never gonna vote our way anyway. Right? This, this is a zero sum game. Now, the immigration issue is these are re just like the gender issue, just like really almost every other issue in the country right now. These are incontrovertible worldviews that just simply cannot share a landmass cannot share a culture. The the idea that, that the New York Times thinks and, and unborn baby at the final, very final stage of development has no right whatsoever to life. On the other hand, an Ms Nmb, MS 13 gang member has a right to set his foot, his feet down here on the soil of the United States of America.


That's just, we, that's just not a worldview. You know, the country that many of us are talking to could just abide with and live with. And so I think that this is an another excellent opportunity to allow the, the left wants to go ahead and cast themselves outside of reality and outside of sanity to the Normie voter out there, let them, I'd park my car right here. I talk about this issue every day. I possibly could. If I were this White House, I'd keep recycling ways to keep bringing it up, Meghan, and make them keep owning this. A follow up to you on that, because that would explain yesterday when Bouley went to the White House, I, I thought it was pretty extraordinary how he Trump basically had the whole cabinet in there. It was, I haven't seen that before. I mean, did you see them all standing there behind the couch?


Right? Right. It was Marco Rubio sitting on the couch with Pa Pam Bondy and then Trump and Boule sitting in their chairs. And behind Rubio and Bondy was everybody, Stephen Miller was there, Linda McMahon was there, Christie no was there like, they're all, You know, everybody was standing. I was like, wow, this is actually very cool. He's brought some into the oval before, but like there was a reason he brought them all in and he's, he used them to answer questions from reporters. And as I hear you talking about this, like park your car on it, I think he was parking the car yesterday. I'll just show you some of what I'm talking about because the, those cabinet members and Steven Miller, who's senior advisor to the president, were doing battle in particular with CNN's Kaitlyn Collins Turn the man who your administration says Was mistaken.


Which one is that deported The man who was mistakenly deported to El Salvador? Well, let me ask Pam, would you ask, answer that question? The Supreme Court ruled president that if as El Salvador wants to return him, this, this is international matters, foreign affairs, if they wanted to return him, we would facilitate it, meaning provide a plane. So will you return him? And it is very arrogant, even for American media to suggest that we would even tell El Salvador how to handle their own citizen, who again, is a member of MS 13, which is, I'm sure you understand rapes little girls murders, woman murders children is engaged in the most barbaric activities in the world. And I can promise you, if he was your neighbor, you would move right away.


So you don't plan to Ask any that. But the Supreme Court's asking To no version of this legally ends up with an ever living here because he's a citizen of El Salvador that is the president of El Salvador. Your question to that for the court can only be Directed to him. Can president on this? Do you plan to return? How can I smuggle, how can I return him today that it's like I smuggle him into the United States, or what do I do? Of course I'm not gonna do it. It's like, I mean, the, the, the question is preposterous. How can I smuggle the terrorist into the United States? I I don't have the power to return him to the United States, but you could release him inside of sgo. Yeah, but I'm not releasing, I mean, we're not very fond of releasing terrorists into our country's. That's not gonna happen that, well, They'd love to have a criminal, You know, Relation to Yeah, I I mean, I I mean there's there's a fascination.


They would love it. Yeah. Sick people. The foreign policy of the United States is conducted by the President of the United States, not by a court. We want a case nine zero. And people like CNN are portraying it as a loss, as usual, because they want foreign terrorists in the country. Mr. Rose, You said that if the Supreme Court said someone needed to be returned, then you would abide by that. You said that response two days ago. How long do we have to answer this question from you? Why don't you just say, isn't it wonderful that we're keeping criminals out of our country? Why can't you just say that Megan? I I I don't do this very often. Okay. But in terms of political execution, execution, that is chef's kiss level stuff and yeah.


To make them just sit there and own this and, and yes, you are welcome to be the party of, of violent gang members and terrorist organizations have a right to be in your neighborhoods against your own will. You're, you're welcome to be the side that represents that argument. I, I would not move off this talking point. You know, there's an old there, there's an old, You know, in in the radio business in the old fm DJ business. The old saying was just when you're getting sick of the song, the audience is starting to get it right. Okay? And, and I, and I would keep going until you've just thought you've completely talked this out and you're sick of it. If you're in that White House right now and there aren't any tropes left, there aren't any angles left to this. And I just, I'd recycle a few more days more just to make sure the American people understand totally and completely which side everybody is on, on this.


They, they might be, they, they will be getting more fodder to do exactly that. Here's an example of what we're hearing next level from the left Delano from Rachel Morin. Now she's, she decided, no, sorry, sorry, forgive me. Not Rachel Morin. It's from Maria Hinojosa who decided to say that the reason we're doing this to this man is Trump is a racist. Listen to this. So five, But it should, it should frighten every single person who's watching this one. The racism is outright, it's, it's because this gentleman is Salvador and that they're like, oh, we have nothing to do with him. It's just outright like, we don't need another Latino, we don't need to return into this country.


But two, for any American citizen who has family behind bars, this needs to be concerning to you because the president is saying, we will soon be taking you from the United States to seko. What do you make of that? It's, it's racism. That's why Trump's so against these illegals, This is actually one of the ironies that doesn't get discussed enough, particularly when dealing with the left, is that they will simultaneously say that America is a systemically and endemically racist nation that harbors host hostilities toward, You know, black people, brown people, right? So African Americans, Hispanic people, but then argue that more brown people from South America, central America need, need to come here.


And it is never made sense to me, Megan and Steve, if, if, if I went to a restaurant, come To our racist tell Hall, is that what you're saying? Yes. Right. If I, if I went to a restaurant and I had terrible service and the food made me sick, the last thing I would do to other people who I love in my family is to say, well, you guys should go there as well. So it's, they're making an argument, right? And, and, and they do this constantly. It's America hates black and brown people, But we should have as many, You know, come here as possible. And, and, and look, I say that my parents immigrated from, from the western east in, in the 19, late seventies, early eighties. I grew up in New York City where, You know, every third person has family that came here at some point. You know, to, to Steve's point, since You know, the, the turn of, of the 20th century.


But again, it's a nation of laws. And I believe every nation, the, it's the immigration policy of every nation are prioritized the its citizens over foreign nationals. Point blank period. I don't care what the nation is, I don't care what foreign nationals you're dealing with it, the citizens should always come first. And I say that thinking of this issue as a father, right? I, I, I have responsibilities to my wife and my children. And even though we, we may, my wife and I may say we want to adopt a child and, and my children may say, we, we, we would love to get a new sibling. If we tell our kids we're going to adopt one child a week for the next 15 years, at a certain point they're going to question whether or not they're going to be enough resources.


Whether, whether the character and sort of culture of our family is going to change and how we are going to ensure that all of the children, the new children, feel some sense of togetherness in our new home. And America's leaders have failed to do that when it comes to immigration and as, and assimilation. So that we all feel that we have, You know, we're, we're equally vested here in this country. Spot on the, this woman Maria Hinojosa, who I played for from M-S-N-B-C, she, we've talked about her before, she's the founder of Futuro Media and host of Latino USA on the public radio exchange, formerly NM PR. And in September she was on M-S-N-B-C saying, Hispanics back Trump because they wanna be white.


She said, quote, Latinos wanna be white, they wanna be with the cool kids. So that's how Maria sees the world, but You know, the evil Trump doesn't see them as white, which is why they have to go. I wanted to to play one other soundbite from the Daily today and the misinformation that was spewed by this Adam Liptak this morning. Listen to him suggesting what's next as a result of Trump's behavior here. This is so three Adam. I think that probably there are a lot of people out there that might say something along the lines of, this man was in the country illegally. There's a reason to think that he's a gang member, You know, trust the president. Maybe there are some mistakes along the way, but by and large, why are you guys getting all worked up about this?


We send him back to where he belongs. What would you say to those people that might think that? What I would say is that there's really nothing in the administration's legal logic that would prohibit the administration from picking an American citizen off the street, send them to vicious prison in another country where torture is routine, conceitedly lawlessly and then say, whoops, sorry, nothing we can do about it.


You're gonna spend the rest of your days there. The legal logic of the Abrigo Garcia case is no different than the legal logic of sending Rachel Abrams or Adam Lipek to El Salvador for the rest of our days. Oh my God. The fake drama with the music dropping except for the fact that your American citizens and Trump is not claiming that he can pick up any American citizen and deport them. The whole reason this guy got deported is because he was suspected of being an MS 13 member, which threw him into the crosshairs of law enforcement.


They discovered he was here illegally, which is why he was subject to removal there. We are not deporting American citizens to El Salvador and Trump knows that we cannot deport American citizens to El Salvador. There was a whole long exchange yesterday at that same meeting about Trump's desire potentially to send convicted serial killers or child molesters who are US citizens in our, in our jails now to that prison, like to house them in prisons outside of the United States. People who have had their due process and been found guilty and are incarcerated. And he said, we're actually looking into whether that is legal, not, not you're deported because we don't like you.


Adam Liptak, New York Times Supreme Court reporter who thinks he's as in danger as an MS 13 illegal in this country. It's so dishonest. Okay, But I wanted to turn the page because I mistakenly mentioned the name Rachel Morin when I was trying to get to Maria Hinojosa earlier. And the reason her name is on my mind is because this poor woman was brutally murdered by an illegal back in Maryland, Delano's home state now. And she was a mother of five, she was 37 years old. She was jogging along a trail in a quaint little community northeast of Baltimore when an illegal migrant named Victor Antonio Martinez Hernandez grabbed her and strangled her and beat her to death.


He was 23 years old, he got here under the Joe Biden Welcome program where we opened our border. He crossed into the US in February of 2023. The autopsies reports revealed that this poor woman, Rachel Morin, had endured 15 to 20 blows to the head and had died from a combination of strangulation and blunt force trauma. This guy killed her, then fled the scene and authority said during his trial that they found DNA matching his at the crime scene. Then they traced him to Tulsa, Oklahoma, where police arrested him. It did not take the jury long at all to find him guilty. And the Hartford, Hartford County Sheriff Jeff Gayler, said the United States Immigration System failed.


Rachel Morin the failure here again, he said, is the immigration system that allowed this person to enter our country illegally and remain in our country and commit crimes first in Los Angeles and then here in Hartford County. This is, this is why, this is why Trump is doing this, Steve, this is why Stephen Miller is so outraged at the way the media's portraying this at the lack of attention that even the Maryland lawmakers federal law, You know, those who are in the federal government have, are now speaking out about this guy Abrego Garcia, but don't have a word for Rachel Morin. They, their priorities are completely upside down A hundred percent.


And, and I mean, what you just tragically described, Megan was a hundred percent avoidable crime. Not all crime is avoidable, wrong place, wrong time, circumstances beyond your control. But that was a hundred percent unavoidable, did not have to happen. And it simply happened because the United States federal government under the previous regime, aided and abetted, and I mean, I mean their fingerprints are on the murder weapon here. These two stories are actually connected in some respects. What we, what we were just discussing and what we're discussing now from a political standpoint. What, what, what we have learned on the right in the last few years is that the way we do persuasion in this era is different now. And in previous eras, you used to start with an objective truth claim, and then you would close with a personal testimony and story to, to kind of cinch the, the argument with an emotional connection.


And, and the way we do business epistemologically in our, in the west now is different now. And now you have to begin with an emotional appeal. You have to gain emotional credibility first before people will philosophically listen to you. And the left has, has beaten us over the head with this for the last couple of decades. And, and we're beginning to figure out now and do this better on our own. And, and, and we're using stories instead of statistics of tragedies of what you just said. Hey, because ultimately we're dealing with people in souls here, not numbers on a page. And, and these, these statistics, they come home to real stories, real tragedies. Someone's daughter isn't coming home for Easter this weekend. Someone's daughter isn't gonna be there at Christmas next year or ever again. Why, why, why? And then that gets us into the philosophical arguments about what happened here.


They're trying to emulate this. Now with the case of the, of the MS 13 gang member in the last election, Trump won Hispanic men overall by 10 points. One of the most astounding pieces of data in all of the exit polling did even better with younger Hispanic men. And what you're seeing is a generational changeover. The the original Hispanic voting block that, You know, from the eighties on one of their primary concerns, if not their primary concern was, I wanna bring as many people that are stuck back home with me here. Which means if, if you put a conservative piece of legislation on the ballot as a referendum, they would often vote for us. Okay? But if you ask them to vote for Republicans, they often would not because of that primary concern. I wanna bring more people stuck back in the squalor of home here with me.


Well, we've had a change over, and ironically it's some of these so-called dreamers are one of the reasons why they view themselves as full blood in Americans, they view themselves as citizens, not immigrants. Right? That, And it is, it, it is vital to see yourself as a, as a nation of citizens and not immigrants. They see themselves as a nation of citizens. Now they're living in these suburbs now they're living in these exurbs now those are their schools now with their kids and they don't wanna bring back from home what was left behind. And they, and they're attracted to that Trump message. And so what the, what the Democrats are attempting to do, they identify frankly more with Lincoln Ri Lincoln Riley than they do an MS 13 gang member. 'cause that could be their daughter. And what the left now is trying to do is say, no, no, you have it wrong. That could be you deported next.


And that's the case they're trying to make. It's actually a Good, or, You know, you're strategy just trying to act white. That's you trying to act white, white like a cool kid, quote unquote. It's A, it's a, it's a good strategy for them. But the problem is they chose the wrong example to try to emotionally manipulate. So why did they choose this terrible example? Because they're running out of ideas and running out of time and they're losing ground. Well, Because they had that. And so they're in panic. One sliver of he wasn't technically supposed to be deported to El Salvador, right? So there, and the, and the Trump administration admitted that that was an administrative error. That that was an error that they made in sending him there in, in the beginning. Now they seem to be trying to wiggle. And that Megan, That's a technicality that most, that most of the American people won't care about. All they're gonna care about is correct. Get this MS 13 gang member off the streets by hooker, by crook.


That's all they're gonna care about. That's right. That saying, it always throws me because it starts off by sounding like by hooker. And I'm like, how, how are we gonna use the hookers? How, how are they gonna help us? But I mean, I'm all for it. If that's, if that's what we have to do. Never Looked at gift horse in the mouth, Meghan Never. Yes, There don. Limit to their powers. Before we leave the subject of Rachel Morin, I wanna play this soundbite. Her, her brother, Rachel's brother Michael spoke at the RNC over the past summer and then her mother spoke out with Trump at the border last summer in another event that the media barely covered. They did not. He went down there, he met, that's where he met Jocelyn nun's mom.


He met with Rachel Morin's mom, like Trump has been very clear he was going to make this an issue and do something about it. And here she is at the border last summer. She had five children from the trail that Rachel ran daily was a trail that we as a family would walk over the last 25 years. Hello, Mrs. Morin, this is detective so-and-so. I'm the lead detective on this case. There's no easy way to tell you this, But we found your daughter's body, she was brutally beaten, raped, and then stuffed into a drainpipe.


But we're not here for a political stand. Although we are, we're here because we're losing our moms, our daughters, our children to criminals. Truly, I hope that you would just take my words to heart because it's devastating And that poor mom and that totally brings it home. It's like, no, no more, no, no more. We're done to the Joe Biden days of open borders and no consequences and revolving doors out the back of the courtroom once you've been ordered, deported are done. Alright, I wanna turn the page 'cause there's much more to get to. And that includes Carmelo Anthony and this case of the, the altercation he had with Austin Metcalf, a 17-year-old down in Texas.


So the controversy today in this case is that this young man, he's also 17, has been released after admitting to stabbing Austin Metcalf in the heart at a, at a track meet. They were both there as spectators, both boys in high school. Their whole lives in front of them. He's admitting that he stabbed Austin Metcalf in the heart with a knife he alleges. It's because Austin Metcalf laid hands on him. He, he's not even claiming Austin Metcalf had a weapon or threatened to kill him, et cetera. And now Carmelo Anthony has been released on bail.


He was released from jail on Monday after posting a reduced $250,000 bond. He will remain on house arrest until his trial, a judge in Collin County slashed his $1 million bond originally and said he may await trial at home with an ankle monitor and 24 hour supervision from his parents or some other adult designee. And the family had set up a give, send go account, which has already raised over $415,000 so far. I'll just tell you what some seasoned lawyers are saying. For example, our Powell, Phil Holloway, he says, I see people held without bond for months or even years for much less serious charges.


And I've heard a lot of that. I mean, You know, how many January 6th cases were held without bond? Who, who did not murder anybody, but this guy Delano gets out on, You know, relatively low bond that somebody else is paying because he is already got this huge GoFundMe account or go give, send, go account. And you tell me why that is, in your opinion. Well, to, to be frank, I was surprised that bond, that bail was set at a million dollars. For context, Dylan Roof's bail was set at a million dollars for the gun charges, not for the murders he committed, not for the nine murders in, in Charleston, South Carolina, but on the gun charges. So a a million always seemed high, sounded high to me.


If, if Carmelo Anthony had a long track record, a a long criminal record, th then I think it would be different. I think his entire case is going to hinge on his claim that he was acting in self-defense. A jury will have to hear evidence to substantiate that claim and they will decide whether or not there's any basis to that claim. I think, this is my personal opinion, this case has moved from a local case to a national case because of the racial dynamics at play. And, and it's Carmelo Is black and Austin was white, correct? Correct. And and it's unfortunate that it, it seems as if many of the conservatives who typically say, let's wait to hear all all the facts, let's get all the evidence, let's let jury, You know, of, of this person's peers make a decision, have rushed to judgment in terms of motives, in, in terms of what happened or didn't happen.


And, and I've, part of the reason that I've, I've been hesitant to make certain comments on this case publicly and why I'm holding my powder is because I've seen time and time again the original narrative that gets set into the media, whether on the left, typically on the left, 'cause it, this race related crimes are, are sort of the province of the left. They have been. I think that's changing now, But I I've seen hands up, don't shoot, go up in flames. I've seen sort of the original narrative, You know, so in, in other cases go up in, we, we've even seen, even when it comes to George Floyd, people go from saying, we, we see the video to now certain commentators, particularly on the right saying no, George Floyd, Derek Chauvin had nothing to do with George Floyd's death.


It it was, it was the overdose. So my my thing is this, I, the million dollar bond sounded, as I said, sounded high to me. I'm not surprised it was lowered the, the give and go stuff. I, I've seen how that's been sort of painted. Ultimately Carmelo Anthony is, is, is going to face a jury of his peers. And, and if what he did sound, if, if the sort of original reports hold true that it was just a minor verbal altercation and he pulled out a knife and stabbed this young man in the heart, then he is going to go to jail, going to go to prison for a very, very long time. He, he, he's going to, that's my prediction as a lawyer. And we take on legal ca le legal cases all the time on this show, given my own, You know, past as a, as a tenure practicing attorney at a very high level.


I I have no doubt that this, this kid is in a lot of trouble right now and is more likely than not going to go to prison probably for the rest of his life because we went through the legal standard with our legal panel just the other day. You cannot respond to non-deadly force with deadly force. Period, period. And it doesn't matter what the color of your skin is. What what I think is happening here is, is this judge is probably bending over backward for him because of the color of his skin, because the judge is probably afraid of looking like they're being too tough. But the defense law firms down in Texas who deal with this kind of law all the time, for example, Granger Mueller, criminal defense law firm from Texas said those accused of murder in Texas will have a bail amount set at a million dollars or more, period.


That's what they do. The lowering of it was remarkable. Yes, he's 17. That may have had some effect on the fact that he's still a minor. So he's technically under his parents' control, but the parents know very well that this kid could be facing life in prison. So there is a flight risk, there's some sort of risk associated with it, with this. And if what's alleged by the kids' own words here, Steve, is true, I don't know whether the community is in danger or not, honestly, like this, this is alleged to be a hair trigger situation where this kid responded to some sort of hand on him trying to remove him from the spot where Austin and his brother and friends were watching a game.


And let's go with the worst possible interpretation. Austin is a, is a racist, which by the way, there is zero support for some left wing loons. Got that going on X and I hope you all face defamation lawsuits. There's zero support for that. But let's just go with the worst case thing. You could, you could imagine where Austin Metcalf said something racist. No one's alleging that. And that Carmelo Anthony got upset and said, yeah, I'm not leaving. And then said, go ahead, make me and Austin Metcalf laid hands on him to make him, you still cannot pull a knife and stab him in the heart. We went through the law. You a cannot be the person who provoked the attack on you in response to which you used a knife.


And so he can't claim self-defense for that reason. And more importantly, b the response to force being used against you in all 50 states in the union must be proportional to the threat. And you may not use a knife, a gun, or any other means that will obviously cause death or risk, serious bodily harm if that is not what's about to happen to you. Here is the police affidavit in support of the arrest. Anthony later told responding officers, he was defending himself explaining quote, he put his hands on me. I told him not to while quote crying hysterically the affidavit said, Anthony also asked if Metcalf was going to be okay.


Of course, he had already died, was officially pronounced dead at a hospital less than a half hour after the stabbing. Your thoughts on it, Steve? Well, if you don't mind just a quick digression. I I wanted to commend the, the father here of the victim who got just roundly criticized for forgiving his son's murderer. Because we're conflating forgiveness with forbearance. It doesn't mean you're not, you're, You know, we're, we're exempting you from the consequences of your actions. It just means we're not, we're not gonna harbor bitterness to you. God forgave me, so I'll forgive you. And ultimately you now have to face the consequences for your actions. And, and I'm gonna release you of that and not let that bitterness take root in me and turn me into a person.


I don't want to become that. That's really why we forgive. And I, I wanted to make sure that that father got a well done good and faithful servant for me. If this topic came up as to your, as to your question, I'm fine. In a case of, of self-defense, like what Delano said, just letting the process play out. Unfortunately we have a hard time doing that when, based on, You know, even what you just said in your lead up there, Megan, it is an irreg, it's an, i, it's, it's the very least an irregular reduction in bail for a case of murder in the state of Texas. Number one, I think it's perfectly fine to question why, what what, what's what's so unique about this? We have witnesses. We have a police statement.


We have, doesn't mean by the way he doesn't get due process in a trial, but we're talking about bail here. We're not talking about sentencing. Okay? And so what would be unique, and I don't know how you could avoid just coming up with some of the obvious things that would be, be unique about this case as to why a certain level of baal leniency would be practiced here as you did. I, I'm, I'm actually way more disturbed in trying to figure out what would contemplate someone to say, I want to give my hard earned money to this, give, send, go. I, I'm, I, I just, I'm, I'm, that's the part of me, the part to me that I, I'm just really troubled by.


I I just don't understand what it is about this case unless you have, you're so in embedded in racial identity that it's become your own idolatry. I, I that's what's happening. Idea what's, I'm convincing why convinced of that idea, why you would feel compelled to give your, take money off your kids' table and, and give it to this cause, okay? I mean that, that's the part of my, I I I just, I just can't wrap my brain around that part of this. I, There, that's what's happening because not even right now, I'll let you go d Delano, but right now, not even the defendant, Carmelo Anthony is alleging anything, anything that would justify him stabbing Austin Metcalf through the heart. He's not even alleging it. Yeah, I, I can, I think I can respond to to that Steve, my, here here's the sense that I get on the right.


The way this is, this is framed is that, You know, there's sort of this anti-white racist intent coming from the black folks who are contributing to, to his, to his Gibson goal. What what I, what I think those people are, are doing to people who are contributing and saying, this kid is about to get railroaded and we want to give him, You know, resources that he can defend himself. And what they would say is look at Daniel Penny, right? I know it's not the same case, different jurisdiction, different set of circumstances, but he ended up using a level of force that led to a man's death. And when he raised, I don't know, $3 million on, on whatever the platform was, it wasn't because there there was anti-black racism towards Jordan Neely, it's because they felt he was going to get railroaded in a blue city.


And, and that's the reason that, You know, people were saying we need to give to Daniel Penny's defense. I think it's a similar sort of sentiment going on here. Now we can disagree with that sentiment, but, But I think this is the problem. This is the, the, this danger of immediately racializing these types of cases because we, we can admit if this was black on black or white on white, this local crime would probably not be getting national attention. Doubt. No doubt. No doubt. And I, and I think that's, I Know I don't agree with that. I don't agree with that at all. A 17-year-old boy stabs another through the heart after the first boy allegedly quote, laid hands on him trying to get him to move seats at a track, meet that, trust me, that's a national story every day of the week.


It's something's wrong, something's wrong in our society. I, I don't care, I don't care what the race is, even if it had been the other way around, It doesn't matter. Something's wrong in the heart of the person who stabs another in the heart based on a physical confrontation over a seat at a track meet. And we need to figure out what, what that is, what's wrong? Why did he do that? I don't think, look, he's gonna get his day in court and he'll get due process and all that. What, what's more, most interesting to me is what drives a young man to behave that way in the first place. And that's, I don't know whether we'll ever know. I hope we will. Alright, standby guys. We'll be right back.


Spring is here and life is busy between work and family. Finding time to grocery shop and cook can can be very tough. But I wanna tell you about Hungryroot. They make it easy to shop on your schedule and make healthy home cooked meals. Hungryroot is like having your own personal shopper and nutritionist. They handle your weekly grocery shopping, recommending groceries and meals tailored to your tastes and health goals. Whether you need gluten-free or high protein meals, Hungryroot has you covered. Just tell Hungryroot your goals and preferences and they fill your cart with personalized recommendations that get smarter as they learn more about what you like. All of Hungry Roots recipes can be made in 15 minutes or less. And the best part, there's no high fructose corn syrup, artificial sweeteners or preservatives and any of hungry roots food. Take advantage of this exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box PLUS a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungryroot dot com slash mk and use that code mk. That's Hungryroot dot com slash mk code mk to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life. Hungryroot dot com slash mk code mk.


Hi everyone. This is former White House pre secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid. Did You know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid.


Steve, you mentioned it at the top of our first hour together in passing And it, I wanted to get into it. So Colorado has done something absolutely insane when it comes to the transgender madness there. The house, the State House in Colorado has passed a bill that seeks to punish parents in custody disputes who will not use the new gender pronouns or name of their own child. So if your child gets corrupted by some left wings school teacher into believing that he's really a she. And then he goes to school every day and he is dressing like a girl when you're not there.


And he changes his name, You know, from Eric to Emma, and the whole school's calling him Emma. And he is dressing like a girl when he's at school. And nobody's told you as the parent then, if you and your spouse get a divorce, and let's say the wife wants to affirm Emma because now it comes out and she's fine with what the school's done, and you're not, your child's gender has been reversed by a school without your knowledge or consent. And you as the dad say, that is Eric, and I'm gonna sue the school for doing this. And this is outrageous. You should have brought this to me. And I will fight my crazy wife for custody over this because she should not be affirming this and she doesn't deserve custody.


I deserve at least half. I'm the a good dad. They're going to make it count against you as if you are an abuser. If you refer to the kid as Eric and or call Eric he and say he's a him. This is absolute madness. It's true craziness. And it passed the Colorado State House by a party line vote every single dem except one voted in favor of this madness. And it's on its way to the Colorado State Senate. What do you make of it For one elections have consequences. And it wasn't too long ago that, You know, Colorado sent a, a Native American Republican to the US Senate and Ben Nighthorse Campbell, it wasn't too long ago that Republicans were very competitive in the state, could win the state frequently in presidential elections, you have one or two pres, you have one or two elections.


There's a state to the north of, of me where I live in Iowa, here, Meghan and Minnesota, and its culture is very similar to one we have in Iowa. But it's a tale of two states. One has a governor in Kim Reynolds, the other, a governor in Tim Walls. And if you lose at the wrong period of time to these kinds of revolutionaries and radicals, I went up and spoke to the Minnesota State legislatures, a conservative caucus a year ago, and they said, Hey, we've never seen things like this. I mean, this is the state that even Reagan couldn't win even. They were like one election changed this entire state into California. They've had a couple of bad election cycles in a row recently in Colorado. And now there is really no distinction between the Colorado State Assembly and what goes on in Sacramento every single day in California. All right?


And, and yet, and, and we have to understand now ultimately what time it is. We have to, we cannot allow the left to gain a, a foothold of power because these are the things they will do where wherever they get that power. But in turn now we need to also be nominating Republicans who understand what time it is and are willing to use the power we give them to stop them from doing things to us like this. So that's the first thing that stands out to me. Number two, this is a hallmark of every totalitarian belief system. You know, we have 7,000 years of recorded human history, and there's, there's a couple of things that you see in every single human society, and here's one of them. Every time there's any form of strain of totalitarianism takes over in any culture or gains a foothold in any culture, they always turn the kids against their parents every single time.


They always turn the children into instruments and tools of the movement, instant instruments and tools of the revolution, instruments and tools of ad prop and of the, of the states and against the parents in order to use the children essentially as some form of police force. They didn't just the, the brown shirts we saw in the a hundred years ago, that wasn't a new thing. It was just, You know, a different uniform. And so this is what you're seeing here now, and this is where this was, this stuff was always going to go here. The, the one thing the late great Robert Bork was wrong about is we don't slouch to Gamora. We sprint. And ultimately, the reason why they hate slippery slope arguments on the left is 'cause they're undefeated. They're undefeated. I mean, we, these are the questions we've been asking. How far are we going to go with all of this? By which moral standard will we draw the line?


And the answer is none. There is absolutely none at all. Because whatever grants left is power and control. That is what they will utilize because that is the foundations of the leftist belief system. Whatever grants me more power and control and turning your children against you grants me a unique amount of both. This is so sick and gelato, I have to tell you, it's illegal, it's unconstitutional, it will be struck down. I mean, we just had a whole case 3 0 3 creative not long ago out of Colorado where somebody was punished by the Colorado State system for not making websites for certain members of the L-G-B-T-Q crowd.


And she said that it does, it's not consistent with my belief to celebrate, You know, to to post like videos about a trans marriage, et cetera. And the court, the, the, the Colorado legislature said, no, you will be punished because that's not consistent with our human rights law. And the US Supreme Court found in favor of the web designer saying the state cannot force her to say certain things in support of a certain ideology that she doesn't believe that is not consistent with the First Amendment. And similarly, the state cannot punish a, a father in my hypothetical, could be a mother, whatever, for refusing to adopt fake pronouns about his or her own child.


And not only that, but deprive them of custody of it. But separate and apart from all that morally, just morally, this is deeply wrong and trying to strong arm parents into supporting a process and an ideology that are extremely dangerous for minors. Yeah, I I think one of the most important things that any conservative legislator, policy maker or politician could do is to stay unequivocally. Whether you stick start in Genesis or the human genome, there are two sexes, male and female, and switching is not allowed. And all sort of family policy, every issue dealing with this particular subject should flow from that sort of bedrock reality.


I'm not surprised Colorado got here, But I, I do wanna caution listeners and viewers. This is not just a crazy leftist state, crazy blue state issue. This is the Megan, the scenario that you painted was exactly what a man named Jeff Younger went through. This is probably 5, 6, 7 years ago. Jeff ended up running for, he, he went through this in Texas and, and I believe that the judge in, in that case granted his wife, his ex-wife, custody of their child, who the wife was calling Luna, right? That that wasn't the boy's name. And, and he, he went on to run for office and I mean, has talked about how difficult this particular, You know, situation has been for him. And this is exactly what, what Colorado is doing.


And really to Steve's point, this is a window into the mind of, of leftists where they invert reality with their words because they, they have a, a, a God complex, right? So, so they think that they can create reality x nilo, they can speak words and, and sort of life will sort of bend around the things that they say. So they call quote unquote conversion therapy when you actually affirm the sex or sexuality of, of a human being. And they call, quote unquote gender affirming care when you put a kid on cross-ex hormones, on puberty blockers when you subject, You know, teen girls to, to double mastectomies and quote unquote gender affirming, affirming hysterectomies.


So, so this is, this is what they do. They, they try to create reality through their words. And, and every single one of those politicians who voted for that should be primaried. And, and if I was a conservative in in Colorado, I would be running ads on, on this particular issue targeting parents nonstop from now until the next election. Because as you said, Megan, this is, this is, You know, a complete insanity. I will say this last, last thing here. It's important to realize that this stuff doesn't sort of just spring up out of the ether. And the kids are not just, it's not just that kids are being targeted by Disney and other, You know, media companies. The, we're talking about the schools and we've known that colleges and universities have been, You know, sort of leftist indoctrination centers for a long time.


But now the left is trying to break, pull this back down to K through 12. And, and one of the things that it must do for parents is to spark and education revolution in this country. And part of that is going to be an increasing number of parents saying, not only am I fully in favor of school choice, You know, and that might be, You know, universal school choice education savings accounts in some states, but some parents are going to have to make the decision that if I want to ensure that my children are educated according to our value system, the only way to guarantee that that's, that I can do that is if I teach them myself. So, so I do think that you're going to see this lead to a resurgence in homeschooling in many of these states.


You know, this was too radical for Gavin Newsom in California. The California state legislature passed a bill just like this, and Gavin Newsom refused to sign it. That's how crazy this is. And you accurately point out, Steve, it wasn't so long ago, Colorado was reddish purple. Now it's considered blue, but there there's probably a healthy red strain in there that could be revived if they go too far. And if you're too radical for Gavin Newsom, aren't you too radical for Jared Polis to sign? I mean, we're gonna find out, we'll see what the Colorado State Senate does and then what Polis does.


But this is crazy town. And again, the speech restrictions I think will be overturned as unconstitutional. Alright, let's move on because there's, I have other things I need to get to go, go quickly. Okay. I was just gonna say, if there's such a, still such a thing as the Colorado Republican Party, you just did their 2026 campaign ad. This is too radical for Gavin Newsom. It has to be too radical for Colorado. Now, I don't know if there's a Colorado Republican party anymore, but if there is, you just did 'em an in kind contribution with that. They should listen to me, they would probably do better. Okay, speaking of speech that is problematic, A OC has been out there on this, I don't know if it's campaign trail, I don't know what we're calling it, but this like fight the oligarchy tour with Bernie Sanders from which, You know, venue to venue.


She travels first class sipping her champagne, You know, in the first class cabin as the losers and plebs walk by to, to coach the, the one she's really fighting for. And she's decided to ramp up her anti-Trump rhetoric in a way she's done before, but that could be deeply problematic for her if Trump actually decides to pay s some attention to her. Listen to her just the other day, SAT 11, Donald Trump is a criminal who was found guilty of 34 felony counts of fraud, liable for sexual abuse.


Of course, he's lying and abusing and manipulating the stock market too. Two, When he talks about rapists and criminals, he should look in the mirror. Okay? Clearly saying that Donald Trump is a racist, sorry, rapist. She also thinks he's a racist. She's all, he's all theists. But here she's in deep trouble because he was not found liable for rape. And George Stephanopoulos just had to pay a, b, c some $15 million to President Trump to settle a defamation lawsuit for saying that she doesn't have any privilege out on the campaign stump.


She can't, she's not protected by speech and debate while she's out there. And I ask you, Steve, whether Trump should do something about this, because quickly here she was just in January on social media about his inauguration. Listen to her there, All these journalists are like, Congresswoman, are you going to the inauguration, Congresswoman, are you going to the inauguration? Are you gonna the inauguration, let me make myself clear, I don't celebrate rapists. So no, I'm not going to the inauguration tomorrow. That's at least twice. Yeah, I'm, I'm 10000% in favor of consequences being ratcheted up comprehensibly in the culture at the moment.


So commence, so festival of, of lawsuits and lawfare. I, I, to me, I, You know, I I it it this would be just restitutional for everything they put the president through in the last year and a half. So sure, I'm, I'm completely in and totally in favor of, in fact, I, I, now that you mentioned it, I'm kind of surprised he hasn't done this already. Yeah, I think he's probably just not paying attention to her. But, You know, think about it. Well, hold On. Now, you may have also stumbled on something there that that might be the ultimate dis like, you're just not even worth the salt in my tears. I have no idea who you are. Exactly. Not worth the salt. You're not even worthy of a lawsuit. Exactly. Yes. But think about it, like, we've gotten so used to people saying the worst things about Trump.


I mean, truly the worst things that you're kind of like whatever, but like if, if picture like yourself or anyone, You know, if you got called that word, you would absolutely sue her. You know, like, it, it would be so jarring and upsetting and defamatory. There'd be no question that you needed to do something about it. And really the standards should not change just because you're Donald Trump. Yes, as a politician, you need to take Barb's. Like he's a liar, he's a bad person. You know, those, those are opinions to which he's totally entitled, stating that he is a rapist is a statement of fact, which is false and has been rejected by a court of law. And she continues to do it.


So what do you make of it? It's the campaign rhetoric they want to hear. And it's, and that, because here's the thing. Delano. Oh, Delano my bad, my bad. Go ahead. Go Ahead. No, I, I I, I agree with Steve, right? I, when the, to me, the, the heavier the claim, the, the heavier the burden of proof in terms of bringing evidence to bear, you just can't go and say things about people. I, I remember this happened when Justice Kavanaugh was being confirmed, and there was an, a political analyst on M-S-N-B-C who basically said, I'm paraphrasing, he was on Joy Reid show, so that'll give you a sense of what's coming. He said, Kavanaugh is like all the guys I grew up with, You know, in, in the sort of DMV area, right?


He was the last guy in, You know, a gang rape. And I thought to myself, then I said, I hope Justice Kavanaugh sues this guy under a bridge, because I think people have gotten way too reckless with their words, way too willing to say things and make claims about people that they can't substantiate with evidence. And and to your point, Megan, president Trump is not above the law, but he's not below it either. And, and this is a standard that I hold across the board, irrespective of political ideology or, or sort of partisan affiliation of skin color or religion. If you are going to make a claim about somebody, you're going to accuse them of some of the worst crimes known to man. You better come with some evidence.


But there's another issue here that, that I, I wanna point out, I I, in addition to, You know, I, I, I said that, yeah, I live in Maryland, so I'm very familiar with the way Blue States operate. I worked in local government for almost 15 years. My last year was in a gun violence prevention office, and I did some restorative justice training. I got certified in restorative justice. And one of the things that I noticed is that the people in restorative justice were al always against punishment. They hated the punitive aspect of, of, of the justice system unless it was against people that they didn't like. So if it was against January Sixers, oh, throw 'em in jail for the rest of their life, it was, if it was against Trump, throw the book at him.


And a OC is using sort of words like felon and criminal in, in, in the pejorative sense today when she's talking about Trump. Any other time it would be about ban the box. We shouldn't ask people about their criminal history, You know, that's so true. People deserve a second chance. So the, the left really isn't against quote unquote mass incarceration. They just want a weaponized legal system so that they can enact vengeance against the people that they do not like. And I think that they should be called out on this hypocrisy spot On, spot on. I mean, he really, he's not gonna shut her up unless he does sewer. And if he made an example out of her, it would be amazing. But, You know, I do think he's got more important things to do at the moment.


You guys, you've been wonderful. Thank you so much for being here. Steve Day Delano Squires, please come back. You bet. Anytime. Thank you. Awesome. Wow. Gosh, it's so infuriating to watch her do that, isn't it? It's like she has no basis, she just wants to smear him. That'll go over great with her crowd, but over and over again, she gets that word into people's head and it's wrong, it's factually wrong, it's legally wrong, it's morally wrong, but that's a OC for you. That's the left's great white hope right there. Sandy Cortez and her, her, the way she talks, her weird affect in front of the crowd, and like, I don't know what she's doing, But I predict that on the more massive national stage, it's not gonna go well for her.


They think that's their hope for 2028. Let's see. I don't think so. I really don't.


Business owners, are your ads falling flat while you're competitors dominate your market? Well, listen up now because FYSI can help and you don't wanna miss out. Thousands of brands have already scaled fast with FYI's innovative marketing strategies. They build smart multi-channel campaigns that drive real sales and elevate your brand's presence. This is what separates billion dollar companies from small businesses. And FYSI can help you stand out. And now FYSI is offering a free $5,000 risk assessment. But don't wait, because this offer will not last. Use promo code Megan to claim your free $5,000 risk assessment at FYSI dot com slash Megan, or call 808 7 7 4,000. That's promo code Megan. And visit FYSI dot com slash Megan or call 808 7 7 4 today for your free $5,000 risk assessment.


Hi everyone, this is former White House pre secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now, some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids, and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid.


Did You know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it, cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid under Biden. American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans.


It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's


plan. I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply


Now. We're joined by the official poet of the Megan Kelly Show, the un cancelable. Thanks to all of you, Joseph Massey. Joseph has a new book of poetry just out. It's out today, in fact, it's called America is the Poem, And it is absolutely gorgeous. It's based on a poem he wrote in advance of the inauguration, and here he is reading just part of that Rain, washes the dust from train windows as we barrel through the poem of America, what you were and will be again. I see you in silos rising like fists from farmland America.


The land itself says Fight America. You defy the narratives imposed to poison your majesty. There is no other time to watch her rise again. Mm, Joseph, absolutely. Well done. Welcome back to the show. I love that. And just hearing you read that gave me the chills a couple of times, like incredibly moving words, the way you read it. And our mutual friend Sasha Stone did the video over it, so that's awesome. Love the partnership. What inspired you to write it?


Well, I'll tell you what inspired me. It was when Trump was, when the assassination attempt occurred in Butler pa, I started to kind of come around to Trump because that assassination attempt, when he stood up with blood on his face, everything became much more real to me. Trump was no longer like a, a character. You know, he wasn't some showman or carnival barker like I had kind of had in my head about him for a long time. And it became so real, so viscerally real, what the stakes were with the election. And so I, I think the poem started writing itself then.


But then after he won, I decided to just go for it and to try to make it happen. But even if I didn't get to read the poem at the inauguration, I wanted to end up with a poem that I was proud of and that fellow Americans could be, could be proud of as well. You wrote the poem and now parlayed it into your latest book called America is the Poem. Both, both the poems called that and the book is called that. Let's get this up upfront. How can people buy the book On Amazon? That's where you could buy and You can get it just good as a Kindle ebook or as a paper, a paperback. Yep. Okay. And the reason we wanna make sure people know that they can go and support you directly at Amazon and by this book America, is the Poem, is because no one wanted you to be here.


Your industry didn't want you to be here. Your, your critics didn't want us to be discussing your poetry. They wanted you, basically your voice snuffed out and never to be heard from again, because you got swept up with really just a dispute with an ex-girlfriend in the Me Too movement and the most vicious people of all the poetry industry. Who knew I, people thought it might be educators who knew what, but no one had their money on the poets being the nastiest group of people. But man, they tried to snuff you out permanently. So for the audience that hasn't yet heard that story, can you just give us the quick overview of what they tried to do to you?


Yeah, well, I wrote an essay for Collette that goes into great detail about the whole thing. It's my side of the story. Anyone can check that out for all that, for all those details. But yeah, I was living a, a decent clean life after being kind of a drunk in my twenties and being a bit inappropriate at times, as I admitted in the, in the essay, in, in various public declarations that went, that didn't go anywhere. It was just throwing chum to sharks. But yeah, it was brutal. It, it all started with a fake letter. It was a forged, a letter written by somebody who claimed they met me at a poetry reading and that I called her hot And it was put on a WordPress website.


And then this woman that I had been involved in, involved with posted the link with malicious intent And it just spread like wildfire through the poetry community and beyond into the wider literary world. It was mentioned in Publishers Weekly. There was a disgusting defamatory article published about me in some magazine that's defunct now, but at the time it got a lot of traction. And so I immediately lost jobs. I lost a job I had at the University of Pennsylvania. I lost book deals. I had a book coming out with Wesleyan University Press that was scrapped. And I lost all my friends. I lost all my social networks.


So it took a year, all of 2018 and most of 2019 to, to kinda just rebuild a sense of self again, which I did through God, through Jesus Christ, through the ca and through the Catholic church specifically. And then I was able to reengage my poetry in a way that was even more vital and important. I realized that I never wrote poetry to become successful. It was always a, a survival, kind of a survival skill for me. Do, do you, do you wonder why you haven't been welcomed back in? You know, you were reviewed by the New York Times and all these other mainstream so-called publications, and we're seeing many men who were kind of canceled by the Me Too movement, given a road back.


Why not you? Like, what's, what's to stop you from going that route? Why, why wouldn't they allow you back? What's to stop me? Other poets are the ones that you, you're not allowed back once you've been canceled. And in my case, I'm even more of a, of a boogeyman to them because, well, I published that essay in Collette, which at that time in 2019, they were all screaming, oh, he's publishing in a fascist publication, Collette, of all things. And, and then I dared to self-publish and appear on your show. And I started expressing political opinions on, on X or then Twitter.


And so now I'm not called the things that they were calling me before. Now I'm the fascist. And the funniest thing I was called recently because of the inaugural poem I wrote was the, the poet laureate of white people, which I, I thought about including in the, like, as a blurb on the back of the book, but then I decided against it. But it Is so weird. I don't even understand that. That's very weird. That's not something you write about, you're not like, that's not your thing. Your thing is beauty. And yeah, you find beauty in the smallest places and you've spread it both with your photography and your poems, and you spread it to all of us. If we follow you on substack on your weekly news letter, which you deliver by email on, on your poems, on your book.


So I don't, I don't even get the race thing, is that just to diminish you because they think you're a Trump supporter. That's solely the reason that's com That's the only reason. And when I posted a picture of myself wearing a a Trump t-shirt, it was like being canceled all over again, getting messages from friends or people I thought were friends. I can't believe you would do this. I can't believe it. I'm like, what? Why? And it was, they, they never really have any concrete arguments. It's just pure reactivity. And it's not, not the kind of behavior I ever expected from poets growing up and reading poetry, reading MBO and Blake and et cetera.


I, I mean, these people were, were outliers. They were rebels. They weren't just towing the line and poets these days, like every other artist in every other field, they seemed to just tow the line to keep the federal, keep the grant money coming. Social justice golds. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. And I wonder what percentage of them just do it to keep themselves out of the line of fire. You know, Even still even at 2025. Yeah, yeah. Oh, I know. It's, it's, there's a, there's apparently a, a big cancellation going on right now. I, I won't say any details, but it's just as ugly as it was in 2018. And so I decide, I, I realized a year or two after the, the cancellation started that I wasn't going to be allowed back and I'm gonna have to do it myself.


And so this book and the, the prior two books, three books are published under my own imprint. And so they can't cancel me. They can't pull my book because they think I'm a fascist or the polar ette of white people. So, And It drives them crazy. It a, it does drive them crazy. Yeah. And I, I can't say I mind, You're, you are moving up the ranks already. We have to make sure that Joseph hits number one. We have to make sure in poetry and who are you bouncing off of the number one spot if we manage to make this happen? Well, I, I would like to take the number one spot from Maria Shriver.


Maria Shriver has a book of poetry out, and it's a, it's a, it's abysmal. She's not a po she's not a poet. She's not a poet. She could have not broken the lines up And it would've been probably, maybe a better book, but she's, yeah. Not, not a poet. This needs to happen. So I, I should take that spot today. Yes, Yes, please, please. You know what, we're here just in time for Father's Day and Mother's Day coming up in June and may, respectively. This is a beautiful gift. Why? Like, what are you gonna do? You're gonna give like another coffee mug or picture frame or bouquet of flowers. Okay. I mean, fine. Nice try. But coupled with a book of poetry called America is the Poem something patriotic, something that will stir a feeling inside of them a way a bouquet of flowers never could do.


That's what you need to do. Go to Amazon right now, buy it. It's called America Is the Poem by Joseph Massey. And not only are you getting a great gift for yourself or someone you love, but you're supporting Joseph Massey and most importantly, giving a strong middle finger to the assholes who tried to ruin this man twice. Right. For being swept up in an alleged me too situation. And then for being a Trump supporter, we're the answer. We are the answer. We're the only ones who can tell the woke Puritan mobs, he's not canceled f off. That's what I love so much about your story is like so many of our audience and others got behind you when they heard this story and said, we refuse to let you keep him down, You know, we refuse.


And most people don't even care to be honest about the specifics of what happened in this whole Me too. It's like, okay, whatever it was, you paid a mighty price. You lost your whole career, all your quote respectability, but you refused to stay down, even though Joseph, you had zero connections, zero power, and I think it's fair to say zero money. That's that's absolutely right. Yeah. I was living in a, in substandard conditions, in a basement apartment and just getting, just starting to make it working at UPenn part-time, and then the cancellation happened and I, it, it lost everything. And so it's been a steady process of rebuilding, but I've, you're right, I've never stopped.


And that drive to write poetry has been with me since I was a child. You know, it's always been a survival tool. It's always been something I use to, to process the world and make sense of the world around me. They can't take that for me. And any real artist isn't going to let a mob take that from 'em. So anyone who's being canceled, just keep doing what you're doing. The, the updates on your X feed sometimes, at least, certainly less recently, often are pretty honest about how you struggle with depression and, You know, are feeling at times hopeless about can I make it?


Are people following? You know, does my voice matter? But then I saw you move to a nicer place, you got outta the basement and yeah, you got a cat. And I saw signs of like, hope both in your writing and in your posts. Have you experienced an uplift? Oh, absolutely. Yeah. I mean, I, I live in an, in an amazing apartment that has heat and doesn't have mold on the walls. You don't ask So much. I have a great cat. I don't ask, I know Jarvis, I, my Jarvis is great. I have a, a wonderful tuxedo cat who makes, who makes sure I, I get to bed at a certain time and wakes me up at four in the morning. It's like living in a monastery or something.


And yeah, I I live in upstate New York now. It's great. It's beautiful. The landscape is great. My poetry is paying for my groceries and paying for my, paying my utilities and paying my rent. That's not a common situation for, for a poet unless you're Maria Shriver, Right? Who, who? And she doesn't need the money. We all know that. That's right. She's married to Arnold. Well, she's his ex. I'm sure she did just fine in that divorce. Now her son's a big star too. He's got, had a nepo baby starring in the latest white lotus. So we don't want Maria Shriver at the top of the poetry list. We want Joseph Massey there. America is the Poem is the name of the book. So tell me, how do you, how do you spend your days?


Like I would think if you're a poet, you need to be outside walking a lot. You need to be like touching grass. I know you're very connected with nature in general, But I, I would think if you lived my average day, you would not be inspired to write one word of beauty. Yeah, I, it's a lot of, it's a contemplative lifestyle. I walk a lot and while I'm walking, I'm thinking about poetry where I'm praying and prayer is a big part of my life. And all of that is inextricably connected to my creative life, to the poetry. I feel like most things I do are in service to the work.


Even when I'm on the couch watching White Lotus, for example. Like, I need to come down a little bit from all of it and kind of tune it out. But everything's in service to the work, and I, that's the way it should be. You know, that's the way I've, I've always, I've always lived, whether I was canceled or not canceled or standing at a wine and cheese party after a poetry reading and just wanting to run out the back door. It's always just been about the art for me. I love it because those pictures make you feel something special too. And we've all walked by like the puddle with the reflection of the white church steeple and thought, oh, that's so pretty, but only you'll stop and take a picture of it.


And the lighting of your shots is just right. And you post it online and it's the same exact thing as your poems. It's like just a moment of feeling something serene, godly, spiritual, beautiful in the midst of X, which is where I consume most of your posts, which is, You know, of course a toxic wasteland. Like, I mean, that's what social media is, and that's kind of why we're there. But just a reminder of your humanity. I mean, that's the service that you're doing us all, and the books all the more so, because that's something you can sit down with, especially people who can't meditate. I know a lot of people are like, I can't, You know, it takes up too much of my, like, as soon as I try to calm my mind, my mind goes nuts and I think about every problem or my to-do list.


But I feel like poetry is almost a way of meditating without meditating, right? Like, you can fill your mind. It's, it's kind of like a crossword if you just focus on the words, you can't think of something else, but it's calming and it's restorative. Yeah. I think of it as a form of, of meditation and prayer more so, more so meditation, because you're forced to, to slow down, You know, it's one line, one word at a time. And there's a lot of silence in poetry. There's a lot of space around the poem, and there's a lot of room for thinking and contemplating. And that's the whole goal of my work, whether I'm taking a picture or writing a poem, is to get the, the viewer, the reader to slow down and to take the world in as it is in the present moment.


And maybe to feel less impacted by the toxicity of, You know, social media. Even though I, I, I consume it as well. But there needs to be, there needs to be some out outlet that is away from that and that is nourishing for the spirit and for the heart and poetry. Does that, yes. Yeah. That's your poetry. Does that not, not everybody's, again, it's called America is the Poem, buy it on Amazon America is the Poem by Joseph Massey. The thing too about the, You know, the namesake of the book, this poem is you get why so many of us, and I think you share, feel so optimistic about Trump's win and what's possible over, You know, the next, I guess two years, we'd have to say.


Because if the Democrats win the house in the midterms, his agenda will be stymied. But right now it's all, it's no holds barred. And while the media will tell you it's terrible, everyone's scared. It's a dark time. He's an authoritarian. I think most of us who voted for him are still feeling extremely happy and optimistic and relieved that the country did the right thing. And that leads me to a different part of the poem than the one we played when you started. When in that soundbite in which we started, I'm just gonna read part of it with your permission, of course, you, you write as follows, America for love, we go on America.


You defy the narratives imposed to poison your majesty. All the poison imposed to warp us away from our axis. The true, the beautiful what binds us to a shared reality sealed under the hand of God. Americans, may we all wake to the dawn this day with courage for we are the whirlwind promised by Patriots who fought to the depth of a last breath to birth America. And we are here, there is no other time to watch her rise again. That's it. That's beautiful. You, you get it. And unlike most of us, you can express it.


So have you been feeling it in the first 100 days or so? Absolutely. Yeah. I, I don't feel any of the doom and gloom, even the tariff stuff didn't freak me out. I I didn't understand half of what I read, I read anyway about tariffs. But You know, that part of the poem, America is the Poem is written on a train ride from upstate New York to Chicago and just going through flyover country and seeing one town, one city after another, kind of gutted because industry left. And seeing what, what has been this, this kind of wreck that's been made of, of these small towns that once thrived, You know, you could see how they once thrived, but all the bars and the baseball fields of, You know, boarded up and grown over.


And that inspired me. And then when Trump won it just, the poem just wrote itself, You know, I mean, I think Trump won. I know Trump won because America refused to roll over and die under, You know, woke policies, woke agenda that is out to, to, to destroy the country, You know, to destroy, actually to destroy the idea of like objective truth. You can't have a country where there's no objective truth. And that's just at the most basic level. Hmm. Basic truth, beauty, godliness, serenity, connection with other, that's what you're about.


And that's one of the many reasons I love your poetry, Joseph. I want everybody please, please, please go buy the book. Okay. America is the Poem, that's the name of it. It's by Joseph Massey, who, if you go back and look at my very first interview with Joseph, which was, hold on a second, it's in my packet. Pulled it up. It was episode 2 96. In April of 2022, we reveal a story of how I insisted on calling him Paul before I came to really understand that was not his name. And he, he let me for a short time. I liked it. I thought about changing it. Yeah, Well, it works, You know, on a, from an apostle standpoint, but you're already good on that front.


You already got that covered. So thank you. Thank you for all the times you've been on Thank you. Episode 2 96, 5 66, 7 54, and now today we love it. And we wish you all the best. Thank you. Megan America is the Poem on Amazon right now. Get outta there. Maria Shriver. You have enough, by the way, on the subject of the woman who accused Joseph, when this story came out, the daily wire reached out to her for comment. She did not respond, and she has since taken down the Facebook post that was up about Joseph. Tomorrow we welcome Batya Ungar Sargon. And do you remember that story about the defamation lawsuit against NBC over multiple hosts calling this doctor the quote uterus collector?


Well, his lawyer is here with me and we'll go deep into what happened here. We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda And no fear Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem.


That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.