
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy first Monday of the second Trump presidency. Yes, we had last Monday, but we only had half the day. This is the full first full Monday of the Trump presidency. Part two buckle up because if every weekend is going to be like the one we just had, we're going to need a four hour show. Not, not even kidding. Somebody just posted on X, that famous video of Lucy and Ethel on the I Love Lucy Show. Like trying to get, you know, that, that assembly line full of like the, the food and they were trying to like decorate the food over and over.


Like they, they fell behind. They just started eating all the candies, whatever they were. That's how we all feel. And it's great. It's great. We have an alive president and he is actually doing stuff on behalf of the country who it's, this is what it's like. Who knew? It's been so long. We kind of forgot what it's like to have somebody actually advocating for us, treating us like we are the superpower. That we are not getting pushed around by these lesser countries that think they can dump all their criminal illegals in America and not have us push back. It's a thing of beauty. Okay, so let me just start further back. Before we get to that, Pete Hegseth is officially now our defense secretary. Defense secretary, Pete Hegseth.


Good for him. Congratulations. And Boo effing who, for all of his detractors who tried to stop it, Senator Mitch McConnell opened his latest front in his war with maga, by not voting for Pete. Did not see that coming. That we of course always thought that McConnell, Murkowski and Collins and then maybe Ernst were the ones to look at. And that we were inching closer to the vote. And people thought that maybe those three would come on board and maybe just McConnell would come on, come on board. As it happened, McConnell said no to Pete with a statement ripping him. Collins and Murkowski same. And Ernst made all the difference.


And then JD Vance cast the deciding vote 'cause it was 50 50. President Trump had a public standoff with the country of Columbia, not the university one is spelled with two O's. The country has two O's, Colombia and that had the left freaking out, freaking out that he had caused a catastrophe for the United States. When it comes to our coffee and our flowers. These morons not thinking about like the children who are getting hurt by all these illegals. We're supposed to worry about the fact that we import a lot of flowers from Columbia. Thanks Anna Navarro. I'll take the children's safety just the same before, within an hour he got exactly what he wanted and the president of Columbia, who's got some very interesting love interests back down meantime, ICE has been fully activated and they're doing their thing bit by bit day by day.


And then there was the thing of beauty from Vice President JD Vance on CBS News yesterday morning sparring with Margaret Brennan and launching a new meme that I think is going to last for years. I don't really care, Margaret. I don't really care. Margaret, let's play a little something from that. Just to kick us off. I don't really care, Margaret. I don't want that person in my country. And I think most Americans agree with me. I don't really care Margaret either. In just a bit. We're gonna be joined by Batya, Ungar, Sargon. But we begin today with Steve Bannon, host of Bannon's War Room.


There is a real and growing threat to your home and your equity, and it's called title fraud. Here's how it works. Criminals can forge a single document, file it with the recorder, and just like that, your home's title is stolen. They take out loans against your property, draining your equity, and you wouldn't even know it until it's too late. And here's the really scary part. Credit monitoring will not protect you from this, but I wanna tell you about Home Title Lock to protect your home and equity. Their exclusive triple lock protection gives you 24 7 monitoring of your home's title, urgent alerts, if there are any changes, and a team of experts to help restore your title. If fraud happens at no extra cost, the bottom line, your home's your biggest investment, don't leave it vulnerable Home Title Lock is offering an exclusive 25% off their protection plans. And you can go to home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan 25 to get 25% off of your subscription as well as a free title history report to ensure that you're not already a victim. Protect your home inequity today. That's home Title Lock dot com. Promo code Megan 25.


Steve, great to see you. So, I mean, it's been quite the whirlwind first seven days. It's hard to even ask you this, but what stands out to you? The scale, the depth, and the urgency. Those three things. And I think folks should understand the comeback of President Trump politically took four years from when he got back to Mar Lago. People like Stephen Miller and Russ Vo and Scott, people have been working on this for years. The Holman Miller combination of what he's hitting, whether it's in Chicago, calling their bluff there, or getting military transport to send 'em back to Columbia. This didn't happen in after November 5th. The folks have been working on this. These executive orders, executive actions, the legislative program, the financial program, economic, the geostrategic from, from Panama to Greenland.


It's, it's, it's all inspiring and breathtaking and it couldn't have come at a better time to save our country. The Chicago situation was pretty stunning. And maybe a preview of how these ice raids are gonna go, where they're being lied about. I mean, that's what happened this weekend in Chicago where we had Chicago public schools call a press conference claiming that ICE showed up at an elementary school. We have some of that. Let's, let's watch The ICE agents were not allowed into the school. And our students and staff are safe. That CPS will continue to protect our students and their families.


We will not coordinate with immigration and custom enforcement agents. Okay, so good for you. Cloaking herself and sanctimony. We are not going to cooperate. We're gonna protect the children. You have the Chicago Tribune reporting that ICE showed up at this school at 11:15 AM The immigration action appears to be the first at a Chicago school after Trump took office. It makes me so sad. Said Eva Chavez, a 37-year-old who lives in the neighborhood and came out after she heard about it. Immigration groups arrived, parents panicked. Some took their kids outta the school. Illinois Governor JB Pritzker spread the lie on x saying the first reports of raids in Chicago are at an elementary school targeting children, separating families.


It just, the only problem is it wasn't true. Turns out that it was Secret service investigating a threat. Bill Milus of Fox reporting that Chicago Public Schools falsely claimed they block ICE officers from entering a school. The narrative took off. Apparently nobody bothered to check with DHS or ice, both of which denied the claim. Turns out it was secret service agents, the secret service leader identified themselves, or at the time identified themselves and left business cards. They were looking for a student who made a threat to a government official. And then Chicago Public Schools admitted it, releasing a long statement saying it was just a, it was a misunderstanding.


Misunderstanding. Steve. I don't know. I mean, the, the media ran with it. The governor ran with it. They couldn't get to cameras fast enough and it was all a lie. Look, Pritzker was running 28. I think Tom Holman, I think it'll happen this afternoon. Call their bluff. We're in Chicago for a reason. 'cause Eric Adams has already said he made a mistake. A grievous mistake. That's why the Southern District indicted him when he saw the light. Los Angeles. You see, they're, they're gonna, they're gonna drop the sanctuary city. You have to call their bluff. I think they ought to go in this afternoon and, and call the bluff of the mayor. If he, if he does not allow the ice agents in the city jail to pick up the bad ombres that are there, which they haven't done today, arrest him.


If Pritzker doesn't let him go into the prisons, the state prisons arrest Pritzker. If you do have to go into a school and the, and the principal, you gotta arrest them. This is just not about the illegal alien invaders. Remember, these people are essentially besides the criminals, they're, they're essentially, I would say innocent for the fact of they were invited in here by radical government that hates the United States of America. It's now time to take the torch to the enemy. And that is the mayor of Chicago. And, and the Governor Pritzker wants to run in 2028 if he wants to run in 2028. And the Democratic primary, let him do it from a, from a federal prison cell. Because right now he's obstructing justice. If they can't, if Homan can't look home is doing great.


But to go to the projects and get guys they've released or get 'em in onesies, twosies is so expensive, so cumbersome, and quite frankly, dangerous. It's now time to go to the jails, go to the prisons and make 'em, turn 'em over. If they don't turn it over, arrest the officials in charge. They're the ones blocking this. And this gets to the heart of this wasn't chaos at the border. This was a well thought through plan to allow 12 to 15 million illegal alien invaders to invade our country. And they, they have to go home, right on military transport. And we gotta cut deals with all the frontline nations, I believe not do this onesies, twosies, you know, cut deals. Let's do, let's, let's roll. But now it's time to take it up.


We're never gonna get there by going to housing projects and finding and finding bad guys who about you do understand Megan, you're a smart lawyer. These are administrative warrants. They went yesterday. 'cause we've got one of the exclusives out there with our own Ben Kom. They went yesterday to a housing project. The guy just said, Hey, I don't want to answer your call. I don't wanna open the door. And they had to leave. So it's now time, I think to ratchet up. Holman's done a great job. Miller's done a great job. It's now time to go next level, let's arrest the mayor. Let's arrest the governor and then send a signal to the rest of officials throughout the country. Oh boy, that, that'll rattle some cages. Here's Tom Holman explaining why it very well may be that we have to go into these so-called sensitive areas that Joe Biden deemed off limits.


Here he is. Take a listen. Benjamin Huffman, the Acting Homeland Security secretary sent a statement. Criminals will no longer be able to hide in America's schools and churches to avoid arrest. What criminals are hiding in schools? Look how many MS 13 members are the age of 14, 17. Many of 'em. So look, if it's a national security theft, public safety threat. And what, what you need to understand is a case by case name, another agency, another law enforcement agency that has those type of requirements that they can't walk into a school or, or a doctor's office run a medical campus. No other agency held those standards. But someday you could go into those schools and grab people who are just in the country illegally On a case by case basis, depending who they are, what the circumstances are.


It's never, it's, it is never a zero game. This is what we're gonna get. Steve, as you well know, the media's gonna try to paint these MS 13, these trend DIA members as though their little boy scouts that port that mean old Tom Holman is just harassing. And parents need to run down to their local school district and, and grab their their child if he's Latino. This is why I think we have to be, we, we have to be very clear about what we're talking about. And I don't think the administration has done a much clarity. To me. It's ev from the afternoon of the 20th of January, 2021 till high noon on the 20th of January of 2025. Everyone that Biden allowed into this country illegally all have to go.


Right now it is MSN 13. But I don't wanna to get into my people's minds. We're just going to get the bad ombres, the really bad ones. That's where you start with. But they all have to go. Eventually you're gonna have to go to schools. Now you're gonna do it in a empathetic way. You have to be, you have to be empathetic. And this is why you have to go back to the frontline nations, the other nations, including they Europe. You gotta say like they did to Columbia over the weekend. Yo, your folks are coming back. We will work out something to make sure that we can get 'em there. Do it safely. But if you don't, we have tariffs. We have sanctions, we have other things that we can do. But you're gonna take the people back. Folks have to understand all 12 to 15 million have to return home. We don't have the money, we don't have the social services.


It's destroyed communities. It's led to all kind of other problems. We have an African American and Hispanic citizen in this country have been crushed by this. Their education system's been crushed, the healthcare's been crushed. They're working for wages at 20% lower because there's too much illegal alien wor a labor available to take their jobs. It's not right. And I, you know, I hate to be the guy that says it's all, eventually you're gonna go to school. Martha Ratage yesterday shows you exactly the deportation porn you're gonna get and you're gonna get it. So people have to come together and say, this is a mission. And that's why I wouldn't confuse it for people who have been here before that we have enough of getting the 12 million out now that'll take years.


It just will. Let's worry about who came before. That's a topic for a different day and we can get to that. But now, right here, now the deportations have to go. I think they have to be ratcheted up. I think they have to be much more systematic. And the way you're gonna do that is start arresting officials. Start arresting. Like for instance, the Catholic church, if the Catholic Church bishops are gonna come here and throw down and say that, hey, start rolling up the bishops. If it's gonna be Catholic charities, which to me they criminal organization. And this weekend she's putting out videos about how to report it. Go and arrest them and throw them in. The who's gal. It shouldn't be the, the people that are kind of innocent. Here are the folks that came. Now we have to work it out that they have to go home.


And we gotta be em empathetic and charitable about that. We don't have to be empathetic and we do not have to be charitable about the people that made money on a basically human trafficking to get these people here and destroy the country. That's all these NGOs. It's the Lutheran church, the Catholic church. You have this Jewish, yep. Family services. All of 'em. And if the Catholic bishops are gonna throw down on this one, let's just throw down now Megan, it's just let's, let's go there. I thought the same. I was, I was like, why all the money that we donate every Sunday when we go to mass that you think is helping the poor that you think is helping the underprivileged is it's going to the what? The hundreds of millions that the Catholic church has been raking in trying to get these illegals into the country and settled here.


Hold on, hold it. The second collection, the second collection is basically going these organizations, you have no earth the idea what they're doing except working. We went down to the border, we've actually shown this over the last couple years. But the Catholic, the Catholic Charities is getting billion. Do they get billion dollar programs from the federal government? Remember the federal government uses the NGOs to basically expedite this and work. That's the whole CP B one app and all of it. So the Catholic charities is maybe the worst, but they're getting billions from the government. Plus, you know, the, the, the decent Catholics that go to mass every week, that second collection. You have nowhere earth the idea where that second collection's going. Yeah, no, I mean it's amazing just listening to, you know, what's happening here even.


Okay, it was last week. The Pope said Trump's plans to deport illegal immigrants would be quote a disgrace. That it would be a disgrace. He, I'm sorry, but this pope, he doesn't speak for millions of Catholics. He really doesn't. I know technically he does, but he doesn't speak for me. He doesn't speak for most conservatives in, in America, who really, we've had about enough of his far left social agenda. Tom Holman back to him. He was asked about the Pope's comments and as usual hit it outta the park. Watch. I get a message to the Pope guy. I'm a lifelong Catholic. I was born Catholic. I I've been through Catholic doctrine. Look, he only concentrate on fixing Catholic church. First of all, he's got big problems there. And, and the Vatican, they have a while around the Vatican.


And if you illegal enter the Vatican, this, the crime is serious, you know, you'll be charged with a serious crime jail. Yeah. So he can protect the Vatican where he lives. He can build a wall where he lives, where American people are not allowed that no securing the border save lives. He needs to understand that we secure the border. When less people come, less women get raped by the cartel. Less children die in the river. Less Americans die from fentanyl overdoses. He ought stick to away. He always stick to the Catholic church and fix that. That's a mess. You know, Steve, last week we were critical of that Episcopalian minister who was lecturing to Trump and JD Vance when they did her, the courtesy of going by National Cathedral. The popes know better. I mean that the Catholic church is doing exactly what that Episcopal minister did. Trying to lecture Trump to be more humane when it comes to immigration policy without any acknowledgement of the rape trees and the fentanyl and the murders that are happening to Americans because of it.


I'd actually say the church is, the Catholic church is worse. The episcopal is just some bishop up there, you know, yammering like they, they all yammer in the left. It's just talk. The Catholic church has been actions, I mean definitive. And you could a, you could actually say Brother Holman, I think their business model, this guy got it with Dolan years ago. The business models, you know, the, the church have been emptied from traditional parishioners because of the pedophilia crisis. The, the, the and other things. It's left wing doctrine. They filled it up with the illegal aliens that, that they, they have a business model that supports this. On top of all that, they just appointed the most open borders cardinal in America. I think it's McElroy to be the cardinal over the basilica here in Washington, DC basically the cardinal for, for the one of the most powerful, not the most powerful archdiocese in the country, Washington DC And then he speaks for the Pope here and he's gonna be in the president's grill.


He's an open borders guy, which says no deportation. So the, the, there are many institutions, source backed philanthropy, religious, that were all part of this. This just didn't happen. The people that are kind of the victims here are the 12 to 15 million that came up. But they can't stay. We have to be the stern parent here. They cannot stay because they're destroying other citizens in this country. They have to go home. 'cause you're gonna hear on CNBC, all the economic reasons they gotta stay is gonna be inflationary. It's this, it's that. It costs too much money. All of it. Bottom line, if we're a constitutional republic, you can't be invaded. We have, this is about our sovereignty. They all must go home. And I believe you have to have a massive investigation, a criminal investigation with a grand jury and a special prosecutor about how this happened, how this happened.


And if people have to be held accountable, if we cannot hold those and that are responsible accountable, then we're gonna lose our sovereignty that way. You know what the, the, the idea of an investigation's really interesting because just today it hit that among those Joe Biden pardoned with his massive, you know, wand wave of a wand was a killer of two people in Connecticut, a mother and child. And the, the Dick Blumenthal, the democrat senator from sh from Connecticut is out there saying that was, this was a massive mistake that he doesn't believe Biden intended to do this. That that this person, this killer was represented by the A CLU to Biden to be a non-violent drug offender. And that's why he got lumped in.


And there are already some on x calling for an investigation into how this and all the other pardons were made and whether Joe Biden was Compass Menis in, in order to grant the clemency and the pardons that he granted. And whether some of these things can be undone. Whether, whether even the president himself intended to actually allow some of these people outta jail. They could definitely be undone. And I say this about the January 6th, as you know, it has to be because they did it so late that they did it as it was his Justice Department. It has to be Pam Bondy and the Justice Department that has to do this. And remember Emo emo, Emma Bovie, the number three guy in the justice Department was actually on the raids with Homan over the weekend.


We actually did a sidebar interview with him, my guy, Ben Berquam. He said he was outraged, outraged by what he saw as obstruction by officials, government officials in Chicago to stop this. So that's what I'm saying. We have to adjudicate all this and, and these pardons, all of the pardons are cooling for chaining. All of 'em actually had to be executed by the Justice Department because Biden waited too late. And so I think that all of those ought to be in play. Tom Fenton is adamant about this. Tom Fenton doesn't think any of these pardons. And we gotta look at these ones. The, the, the the pardon process is so detailed and takes so many years. It is impossible in this situation in Ken in Connecticut for that to happen. Right?


It's just 'cause you have every piece of record that's there. You don't know what they're slipping into the deck to have Biden just sign off on. So this whole thing, the whole hardened thing, but tied back to also I Ill illegal immigration has to be fully investigated and we gotta get to the bi bottom of it. And I would tell Pam Bondy do not execute on any of the pardons for anybody until we get to the bottom of it. It's so disturbing. I it's like, I I don't, I have no idea whether Joe Biden knew what he was doing, but that is something we should be assured of because like, it's one thing to do a controversial, pardon? It's quite another to have the A CLU sneak one past a a incompetent president.


His yeah, this is, this is on, on X right now. And hold on a second. I'm just trying to pull up the exact, yeah. The reporting on this relatives of an 8-year-old boy and his mother, who were murdered by a Connecticut drug gang are outraged that a man convicted in the killings was one of nearly 2,500 people whose drug related prison sentences were commuted by by former President Joe Biden. In his last days in office, Adrian Peeler served a 20 year state prison sentence for murder conspiracy. In the 1999 shootings of Leroy, BJ Brown and his mother Karen Clark in Bridgeport killings that shocked the city and led to improvements in state witness protection. Prosecutors said Brown and his mother were assassinated to prevent the child from testifying in another murder case.


In December, 2021, peeler finished his state sentence, but began serving a 15 year term in federal prison for dealing large amounts of crack cocaine. The federal sentence would've kept him behind bars until 2033. He's now set to be released in July. And this is the one that Blumenthal, Connecticut Democrat, who was the state's attorney general, when Brown, his mother were killed, said someone dropped the ball, quote unquote in peeler's clemency. He and other political leaders in Connecticut, including the Bridgeport Mayor, criticized the commutation. This really was a vicious murder that changed our laws, said Blumenthal. It also highlights how we need to take a look at the pardon system to see how it can be improved. Well, why don't we first take a look to see whether it was even intended by this outgoing president. So that's, that's one thing I forgive me for playing a soundbite to Steve Bannon of Selena Gomez.


But she's got a lot of power. She's very popular with a large segment of the population And she just posted this video and then deleted it after her fans went nuts on her. But this is what we're getting. I just want to say that I'm so sorry. All many people are getting attacked and children, they don't understand. They're so sorry. I wish I could do something, but I can't, I dunno what to do.


I'll try everything. I promise. Okay, Steve, she's got 422 million followers on Instagram and indeed she's an actress. I mean, the good news is, is that people have common sense. 'cause this is a revolution of common sense. That's why, that's why this movement, this progressive nationalist movement is expanding every day. 'cause folks af African Americans, Hispanic families and working class men and women understand that this is to protect them. And they, they understand that all the performative like, like how phony is that. And they can see through it and they understand how this has destroyed their communities and they're not gonna tolerate it anymore.


And they're certainly not gonna be backed off by, by, by her or by Martha Ratt. Look at Martha Rats' behavior with Tom Holman. I mean, you, you understand now why the mainstream media is virtually powerless because of her hectoring of, of Tom Holman, particularly Hector remember about the military flights you're telling me every day military flight. They didn't have, they weren't concerned when they were having flights bringing, bringing folks in here and taking 'em deep into the country like up at the Westchester Airport. So you then could, you then could spread out the illegal aliens into New England, right? In upstate New York. So that's right. This just shows you the mainstream media. This is why they're so powerless today.


And I I don't think we should be, you know, even paying much attention to 'em. We just gotta report more information, get more facts out there, more stories out there, and just let the camera roll and see the heroes like Tom Holman. See the heroes of the military that have been sent to the southern border. See the heroes, you know, in every aspect of what we're trying to do to deconstruct the administrative state and take on the deep state. Just cut the cameras on and watch the watch the Senate hearings last week where they had no, they had no punch back on any of the deep policy stuff that Senator Rubio brought up or that Pete, he, Pete, he talked about a revolutionary military affairs and he had these inheritance, all they're doing is going after his per personal foibles. Every, you know, every second. They didn't even get to the heart of the matter.


And now Pete, he's Secretary of Defense and has to, you know, get on with it and start to execute on this. So I think our audiences grow every day in the growth engagement and know that they blew her up after that phony, you know, c-level actress performance is, is to me encouraging. That's really encouraging 'cause so the American people and their decency, remember American people have tremendous common sense, tremendous grip, but they also have tremendous decency. It's the most decent group of people in world history. The most empathetic. They given more, have freed more people given their lives free and more people given money everywhere. The American people are very decent and they understand what's going on here. And they fully back President Trump in this regard to clean this mess up.


Yeah, she didn't look at the polls which have between 55 and 60% of all of America completely on board with deporting all illegals, including the Democrats. The Democrats are now majority in favor of deporting all illegals. Nevermind the ones who have committed crimes, which is where Holman's starting. But as you point out, not where he's gonna end Holman with Martha att discussed some of this. Take a listen to SAT 19. How can you possibly afford to deport all of those people? Well, I'll leave up to Congress that, you know, I think Congress president has a mandate, this is number one issue that people voted not. I think Congress has a mandate to give us money. We need how much, what price you put on national security, more more detention senate.


What price, what price you put on, what price you put on All these young ladies have been raped and murdered and burned alive. What price you put on that, what price you put on Lincoln and Riley's life. Steve, what's interesting about Holman and to, and to some extent now too, JD Vance and the other people speaking for the administration is, to me it seems like they're finally getting it. It's so joyful for p somebody like me to sit here and watch somebody who actually knows the facts and is not afraid to argue what's real. Give it right back to these Sunday news anchors. And they don't care if the news anchors like them. They're not looking to go to cocktail parties in Georgetown. I thought JD because jds J D's a real gentleman. But finally it was like the frustration, Margaret, I, I don't care.


That said CBS has so lost its way. A, B, C has so lost its way. It's, it's shocking. You know, Margaret Brennan's just not at this le at the level that you can be a to run these Sunday shows and Martha IFFs right there. It's just, it's just hectoring. And you saw last night, they got the two new anchors at CBS during the, during the championship game. They, I think it was the a FC playoffs. I said, man, if that's a, you know, Donald was bad enough, is this an upgrade? This another disaster. These guys, and this is why the remember the audience is only four and a half million. It's not that big an audience anymore. You, you are doing that at Fox and you're bigger on your podcast, you know, when you count everything. So it's, it shows you that the mainstream media, they're, and they're gonna be, they're gonna have nothing but deportation porn right from here on in because this is where they're going.


But I think the American people have had a belly full of it and they understand has something has to be done. And I love the way that in a very professional, even-handed way that people like Holman and JD are kind of the tip of spear. But I think you're gonna see this across the board with everybody. I think he's gonna see Secretary Rubio and, and, and, and Pete Eth and across the board Pam Bondi. They just, we're not gonna, we're not gonna kow 'em. They're not looking to go to cocktail parties in Georgetown. They're there to save this country and return it to her greatness under President Trump's leadership. And I think that's what you're seeing. It's so amazing. We've never seen this before where they don't give one inch. They don't need to be liked, they don't need to, the invitation to the jury, they'll have their own parties. They don't need to go to these and you just never see it.


You my entire history in the media, they go on these Sunday shows, they do a little ask kissing and then they kind of pivot off to make their final point as like their partying shot of like, well, but we kind of believe this after they totally seed the main points the anchor is raising in part one of his or her argument. So it's great to see somebody just fight like completely disavowed the premise of the question. Here's the, the longer version of JD Vance with Margaret Brennan. I am convinced like J d's very smart to go on with Margaret Brennan because some people said, why is he gonna CBS? It's the enemy. Look what they did to him in the vice presidential debate. And I thought, no, he's very smart because she's adversarial. She's gonna try to punch him. And, but she's nowhere near his intellectual equal.


So he knows he can just slice and dice her with ease and do it as behaving as a gentleman. But leave everybody with the same impression, which is she has no match for him. Her arguments are no match for his. Here's sought 13. There are cases of people who allegedly were properly vetted and then were literally planning terrorist attacks on our country. That happened during the campaign. If you may remember. So clearly not all of these foreign nationals but Been are 30,000 Ve people in the pipeline, Afghan refugees. But my primary concern, concern as the Vice President Margaret, is to look after the American people. And now that we know that we have vetting problems with a lot of these refugee programs, we absolutely cannot unleash thousands of unvetted people into our country.


Not good. These people are vet, It's not good. These people are vetted. Just like the guy who played a terrorist attack in Oklahoma a few months ago. He was allegedly properly vetted and many people in the media and the Democratic Party said that he was properly vetted. Clearly he wasn't. Yeah, I don't want my children to share a neighborhood with people who are not properly vetted and because I don't want it for my kids. I'm not gonna force any other American citizens' kids to do that either. No. And and that was a very particular case. It wasn't clear if he was radicalized when he got here or while he was living here. I Don't really care, Margaret. I don't want that person in my country. And I think most Americans agree with me. Right on. I don't really care, Margaret. He's right. Well he does it like he does it. Such a gentleman.


I mean he's, he he and finally the exasperation when they're just gonna continue on and continue on and continue on all of 'em. And I think this is why they've lost the backing of the American people. It's why the ratings are a disaster by the cost of these things they're going through and cutting everybody's salary, the salaries outrageous in the first place, cutting salaries, you see right there. And jd, he tries, he makes an argument, puts the facts out. It just continues on, continues on. I mean, it's, it's not a interview, it's a debate. Right? And finally he says, look, I don't care. And the American people don't care. Next question, which I think is great, right? Who cares? Like if this guy who he was referencing, his name is 27-year-old Naar, Nazi Ahad tadi and per court documents, he planned to liquidate his assets, repatriate his family to Afghanistan, purchase assault rifles and stage a violent attack on election day.


He entered the US on a special immigrant visa on September 9th, 2021 days after Biden's catastrophic US withdrawal from Afghanistan. Who that had a family member die in this planned violent attack on election day would care when he was radicalized. Why was he here? It wasn't lawful. He needed to go, he wasn't vetted. That's the point that he was, that he was making. And, and you know, you times that by 20 million. So here's another piece because the birthright citizenship has made a lot of, is rough, a lot of feathers even on the Republican side. 'cause Trump notwithstanding what's written in the Constitution is saying he's getting rid of it. And there is a legal argument to be made there. Trust me, I researched it in depth before I sat with Trump in September of 23 because I went into it saying, this is a preposterous proposal.


It's in the Constitution, you can't withdraw it. And the more I looked at it, the more I realized, very smart legal scholars actually have made the credible argument that you actually, the Constitution is not as clear as its defenders argue and you can get rid of birthright citizenship. There's, it's because of this clause that means you have to be born in the United States and subject to the jurisdiction thereof. And there's a question there anyway, the media will not allow for any of that possibility, nuance or other legal arguments. Margaret Brennan brought that up too with JD Vance. And here's how that went. Temporary residents, people who come in here, whether legally or illegally and don't plan to stay. Yeah, their children shouldn't become American citizens. I don't know any country that does that or why we would be different.


Well This is a country founded by Immigrants. This, this, well this is a country founded by, this is a unique country. This is a very unique country. And it was founded by some immigrants and some settlers. But just because we were founded by immigrants doesn't mean that 240 years later that we have to have the dumbest immigration policy in the world, By the way, it wasn't founded by illegal immigrants. And we don't have to keep the door open to, to more and more criminals because of what happened 250 years ago. Steve, it's amazing. Is that stupidity on her part or just liberal bias? I think it's just laziness. I think they've controlled the apparatus for so long. I mean, you've seen this, you know, these people, they've just, they've gotten lazy. That's one of the reasons they were caught by surprise on five November. One of the reasons that MSNBC's ratings were dropped by two thirds is that they lied to their audience.


Their problem is credibility with their audience. Half of that audience is never coming back. 'cause they felt they were lied to all the way up until Pennsylvania was called. And even that night on the broadcast, because I've gone back and studied the arc of the broadcast, they lied to their people. They all thought Kamala Harris was a historic night. Kamala Harris, that's where they had the huge crowd at Howard University. These people lied to people and then later said, well, you know, you know, we actually knew the polling wasn't that great till the end. They outright lie. And they will lie because they've controlled, they control every institution. They control the institutional power in the country. And they got very lazy. They never thought a a, a startup group like Maga, these kind of populous nationalists with, with no money and really no institutional power could get in back of someone like President Trump is the reason they treated Trump so badly.


Remember the, the, the the felonies that he was charged with just on, on, on j on insurrection in J six would le left him in prison for 300 years. They wanted him to die in prison until you embrace that fact that they wanted him to die in prison. A man that looks like, look what's happened the last seven days. I mean, when he went to Notre Dame Cathedral, I ca he looked like Charlemagne walking in there. He is now in the world stage as the most powerful individual and really driving the, driving all the action, right? Of everything the American government's doing in every different aspect, like 30 different verticals simultaneously. He's the most powerful, you know, president I think for even more so than Reagan.


I think you gotta go back to FDR and I I put him in the category with General Washington and actual Abraham Lincoln as the age of Trump and what he's doing here. They wanted him to die in prison until you understand that they never thought we were coming back. That's why was it Jay Monaghan could lie at Davos on the stage, says, well we never Deb banked anybody. I go, what are you talking about? We banked our credit cards were taken, we were de banked. The insurance policies were canceled 'cause they never thought we would be back in a billion years. They said this at Davos. Graham Allison said beforehand, he gave on one of these panels before Trump came, he said this guy was dead. And he says, I mean dead. He resurrected himself and his movement resurrected. He says, Graham Allison said, we sat here and mocked those guys for the last four years.


They never thought we were coming back. And now that's why it has to be, I think you said the beginning, you know, all all pedal, no break. We, we only have so much time to get all this done and to seize institutional power. And that's why I think people gotta be working seven days a week, 24 hours a day to make it happen. And all the shows, all the different shows have to back up. The difference we have this time is like the 12 or 15 most powerful people in the administration last time in the White House are all on the outside, right? We're all on the outside sitting there supporting the president every day with that outside effort, that outside push that you need to make sure that like you've just done here to break it down to the American people. And it's more than just a conservative audience. Now you're seeing more and more people saying, well I wanna find out about this.


And they like what they hear. We're about to flip. California. California. I talked to, I I've lived out in California, in southern California, you know, for 20 or 30 years. I, I've, I've are, I'm very familiar with property and Pacific Palisades, let's say that. And those people out there are, are, are starting to flip. 'cause they realize all the policies they supported for so many years really were the predicate for how this could happen. And now they're seeing the nightmare of Bass and Newsom and just this blob that won't let 'em get on with their lives. And they're saying, we had enough of Trump comes out and has done more in 24 hours than all these guys did. So we're in a unique moment in American history with now a much broader, I say that that Maga and the MAGA beliefs are two thirds of 70% of the country.


It's like 1932. We can have an inflection point in this country and essentially for 50 years if we, if we respon, if we take immediate action of what needs to be done, we stay, we stay decent and empathetic, but we take action and we're relentless about that action. The on the de banking just to, just to let people know. So yeah, Brian Moynihan goes out there at the, at Davos and says, oh no, we don't de bank anybody, bank of America. And JP Morgan also says, oh no, we, we issued a statement. We we don't de bank anybody. Just so you know. In 2024, the Montana Attorney General joined a coalition of 15 attorneys general in demanding action from Bank of America to correct the companies de banking policies and discriminatory behavior toward conservatives and religious Americans.


They allege in this lawsuit the bank denied services to gun manufacturers, fossil fuel production producers, contractors for us immigration and customs enforcement. It also canceled the accounts of Christian ministry street groups for operating quote, a business type. We have chosen not to serve similar allegations against well far Wells Fargo. We could go down the list. A geo group, a private prison operator said it was de banked by Bank of America and JP Morgan after a faced protest from left-leaning groups over the work it does for ice. Melania Trump said in her book, she was Deb banked and that son Baron was denied a bank account. She didn't name the bank. 30 tech entrepreneurs said they've been Deb banked in the last four years, according to Mark Andreessen, to who came on the record, PayPal and what they did to conservative and like the list is very long to, for them, these guys to now claim they've never been deban conservatives is a lie.


It is a lie. It's belied by this long history and what's alleged in these lawsuits. So that's the deaking thing. Let's, I do wanna talk about California, but before we go there, let's stay on immigration and do Columbia because what happened with Columbia this weekend was a thing of beauty. It was a thing of beauty. Steve and all while Trump was on the golf course, the guy was, was hitting under par while he was rubbing the president of Columbia's nose in the crap storm he tried to dump on us. So they sent 200,000. It's an estimated 200,000 illegals in this country from Columbia. As Trump points out, these are not good guys. The face tattoo does not suggest in Trump's words, you're gonna be president of a bank when you get here. And we, we get two planes worth of them at least.


And this is only one week in and send them back down there. And this guy has the nerve to not accept his own bad ombres. Yes, they're his countrymen though. They're not our, they shouldn't be our problem. And Trump within about two minutes says that's how you wanna play. We're gonna slap a 25% tariff on all of your goods and in a week it's gonna go up to 50. And we're dissing disassociating ties with all of your embassy officials here. And it's gonna get more and more painful as the days go on. And you have the leftist meltdown. I think we have some of that, do we not, Debbie, where you've got, oh, it's just, it's just on, on paper. But you've got a OC and many others saying, oh my God, this is what's gonna happen.


And a OC was saying the coffee, the coffee prices are just about to go up 25%. A a tariff on them is a tariff on Americans. And then the coffee here will be up 50%. You have Anna Navarro saying, we have pour most a lot of our flowers from Columbia. There goes Valentine's Day within, I think it was 60, maybe 90 minutes total complete reversal. The president of Columbia felon a sword. Not only did he say, we'll take 'em, he said, I'm gonna send my presidential plane to go pick them up. And it was a complete victory before Trump had gotten to the next hole. Steve, this is how it's done. And I don't even think the leftist can argue that he did anything wrong here. What do you make of it? This also gets back to the new economic model where he talks about external revenue service and, and, and, and actually not just looking at tariff as a punitive tariff against a Mexican tomato for 25%, but a whole new way.


You look at the economy of the United States inside the golden door, the operating leverage we have as the United States over technology and sanctions and cash flow and capital markets and all of it, including tariffs is enormous. And President Trump only brought, he said tariffs and, and, and then sanctions. He only brought about 50% of the toolbox. Our our power is almost unlimited about what we can do in a non-kinetic way, but it's just never been used. We're always, we're just a sap. And President Trump, like he said, between, between, between holes and a round that he had, he was on a roll on. He just said, here's what I wanna do, bang, bang, bang. You know, the state and and treasury go out with that in an announcement.


90 minutes, enough time do they get to write a press release as you know, they, they full surrendered. So th this is very important for what it shows about the power of the United States in dealing with both our friends and our enemies. The one thing I, and I have been a advocate for this behind the scenes. 'cause you saw in the Honduras, in the Central America, I would, I say get everybody up here. Either Macallan, Texas, DC picket, it should be Mark or Ruby I think first and Besson, then the president later walk 'em through and say, guys, here's the number of folks you have. Here's what we're gonna do. Here's when they're coming back, here's how we're gonna schedule military airlift command to do it. We want to, if we need some help, we're, we're open to a conversation on how to figure this out.


But they're coming back and they're coming back on a date certain, and if you don't like it, let us know now because here's what we're gonna do. Bang, bang, bang. And you'll have all of 'em say, okay, I got it. How do we work this out? We have to be empathetic about this and this is the way to do it. But Trump showed the innate power of the United States of America and that power comes from the little guy, the full faith and created of the United States. The reason we're so powerful is we rest upon, you know, Burke's little platoons of folks just self-organizing every day and getting their job done, going to work, paying their taxes, building their community. That's the power of this country. And finally somebody stood up and said, guess what? We're more powerful than everybody and here's what we're gonna do.


But you're taking these bad ombre back and I think later you're gonna take a lot more back. I think it's magnificent and I just think it ought to continue rapidly. We ought to get 'em all in the room, cut a deal now as Trump's the deal maker and set up a schedule, everybody's going home. So then you can take down the temperature of the de deportation porn, which is, you could tell from this weekend, Sunday show is, is coming That they're really enjoying it. The the epilogue to the Trump versus Columbia president story is as follows. I, I love it. So Trump won. The guy completely waved the white flag and sent the presidential plane, he said, for these illegals then feeling humiliated.


That's clear. He decides to post the following bizarre statement on X Trump. This is after he already lost the fight. Trump, I don't really like traveling to the us it's a bit boring. I like going to the black neighborhoods of Washington where I saw an entire fight in the US capitol between blacks and Latinos with barricades, which seemed like nonsense to me because they should join together. I don't like your oil trump. You're going to wipe out the human species because of greed. I am informed that you impose a 50% tariff on the fruits of our human labor to enter the United States. And I do the same. Okay, you, you already gave it up sir, but I love this Steve, because what he's really doing here is playing the victim. He's trying to act tough while also playing the victim.


Poor me, you're gonna hurt my people with his tariff and you've got problems of your own there. Meanwhile it's like you sent 200,000 criminals to our country. We're serving you so far. Two plane loads back. We are the victims. We're the victims here finally acting like we're standing up for our own best interest. That's what's so invigorating about it. You have a president who in between golf holes doesn't need 50,000 State Department meetings, you know, group papers. And then Trump tweeted out this, look at this, Trump posted this picture of himself on truth.


So truth social with a background sign that reads F-A-F-O-F around and find out. And him wearing like an Elliot ness like FBI hat Steve, this is like a dream Or, or or or a hat from or a hat from the Godfather that that right? He's a full gangster or full. Hey, here's a power you said earlier about, about Holman and and JD and JD being such a gentleman and Holman kind of be so matter of fact, Trump doesn't give two fucks. Okay? This is what you're seeing. He doesn't care. He didn't care what they think about it. He doesn't care what the media think. They're gonna put him in prison. He knows this. He was imprisoned gonna be in prison for 300 years on the phony charges of the insurrection.


Emel Bovie was one of his great attorneys for many of those years. That's why Emil's out there and sees the madness that's going on right now of officials doing it. People, we don't care about the performance art of the left anymore. It's come very close to destroying this country and destroying the citizens of this country. And finally, finally, through divine providence, we have a leader with all his imperfections who is going to stand up for the American people and the American citizens and quite frankly the citizens that were invited in here by this illegitimate Biden regime that now have to go back and President Trump, I think you've already seen is is in a way trying to do this with as much empathy as possible.


So that's why I couldn't be proud of President Trump and how he's handling this entire thing. I gotta ask you quickly about both Tulsi and RFKJ getting their confirmation hearings this week. Tulsi will happen in front of us first and then they'll go behind closed doors to do the classified cross-examination. So all the stuff that we're not allowed to hear and then RFKJ, he starts on Wednesday. We expect it to continue over into Thursday. I've heard reports that both of those are quote potentially in trouble. I'm not sure that must mean with Republicans because they have the power to to up or down it. What are you hearing about both of them? Well we also have Pam Bondy and Cash Pam Bondy for another round.


Yeah, so Wednesday, Thursday, Wednesday, Thursday and particularly Thursday's gonna be showtime. I think Bobby Kennedy's gonna be in good shape. Well you saw, you saw the traitors on on Friday, you saw Mitch McConnell playing that game and having to bring JD over to, to get Pete across the line. So you know who the opposition is. The opposition is that that old hide bound Republican establishment. I think Bobby, I think Bobby Kennedy, RFK gonna be fine. His command of material. I think he also may pull in a Democrat or two. So I think that'll be fine. I think Cash Patel, which of all these this week, they're all important, I think is the most important. I think cash gets through, I think am gets through. I think tulsi is an issue and I think tulsi is an issue not for previous.


I think they're all over her right now of her command of the material. And that's why I think the behind the scenes is gonna be more important than upfront. Remember what, what they're trying to do, and this is why they had no no pushback last week when we flooded the zone, you saw R Marco Ruby talking about the end of the postwar rules-based order. Pete Hegg is talking revolution in military affairs. Both Vote and Bestin combine talking about a new kind of economic model for the country and also about how we're gonna finance it. These were all to, to the really the heart of the Trump America first restructuring in this country. And there was no pushback. Scott Besson did the best. And this is why I advise people like Cash and Pam and everybody when they go is remember the person Trumps is selected, likes to take a besser vote no 10 times more than these Democrat senators o only there for, to get these snarky things on video.


The first time you do it. Like, like when Widen asked that wise guy question to Scott Besson, as soon as Scott adjusted his glasses just his glasses in the professional moment. I said, here it comes. He blew him up so badly. Right. Humiliated in a gentlemanly way. Kind of a JD Vance, very gentlemanly way, very professional way. Scott humiliated widen that he was left bleeding. Oh, well you know, that's, I don't understand about, I don't agree with it. Nobody else asks a tough question. So my recommendation to Pam and to all of 'em when they come after you be, be, be a gentleman or gentlewoman, but take 'em down right there on National and Global tv and you'll see the others act like Little Lambs.


They won't want that. So next week is gonna be showtime. They're, they're dug in on T Tulsi, I think Tulsi. And I've been a huge support member. I brought Tulsi in in the first two weeks in 16 to see the president. And I advocated the time that she should be the UN ambassador instead of Nikki. Nikki instead of the governor. Nikki. Yeah, Nikki. Because I thought Tulsi knew so much more And she was so well informed. She was an army mason at time. I got 30 seconds left. Does she, do you think she makes it through anyway? Yeah, she makes it through, but that's gonna be a tractor pull. Okay. Oh, this is like, we do have to buckle up this week. 'cause a lot is going down and you know, these nominees are in there fighting for all of us and fighting for themselves in, in the country.


Not everybody's got the same agenda. Steve Bannon, thank you. It's great to talk to you Always Megan. Thank you ma'am. We'll do California with Batya when she comes on because you have got to see the exchanges between Trump and La Mayor Karen Bass plus this other Democrat who tried to take him on. It was absolutely epic. There's so much news. Stay with us. We'll be right back


these days. Personal safety is not something that can be left to chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. This is why Burna is the choice for so many. Burna is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool. Compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Burna uses non-lethal rounds, tear gas, pepper, and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part burn. It can be shipped directly to your door and it's legal in all 50 states. A lot of gun owners use this. They, they see themselves potentially in trouble. They want to go non-lethal and then lethal and that can potentially help. And criminal prosecutions and so on. People are thinking, playing the long game. Byrna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Sometimes a firearm is not the right option and Byrna provides a powerful alternative or addition to your self-defense plan. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com. That's B-Y-R-N-A-B yna.com/megan to receive a 10% discount and learn by thousands of people. And law enforcement agencies are making the switch to Bea's less lethal protection. Byrna, non-lethal self-defense. Always ready.


Joining me now. Batya Ungar Sargon. She's author of Second Class. How the Elites Betrayed America's Working Men and Women. Batya, great to have you. I'm just gonna pick up on a couple of stories that IDI touched on with Steve but we didn't get to fully get into. 'cause with him, you know, it's truly like from a fire hose. He's got so much information on so many topics. So we bang through them going back to the Chicago lie about ice busting up schools and dragging kids out and these, you know, these teachers trying to paint themselves and sanctimony like I stood up. I didn't allow. Meanwhile it was a secret service trying to track down somebody who threatened a government official, which has happened under every administration.


You have things like take a listen to. So 24, which is, which is a transgender Chicago high school teacher with some tough talk for ice. Ice can now raid classrooms. And as a high school teacher, I just wanna make one thing clear. If someone tries to come in my classroom and take one of my students, one of us isn't leaving the classroom. Play with me. Okay, my money's on Tom Holman. Madam Sir, whatever we have there, this is right. It's, but it's like, it's interesting to me Bodi. 'cause this is what we're gonna to get. We're gonna get, I'll just, let me show you one more. Okay. This is an unhinged Chicago teacher having a similar, like you bring it, you bring it girl.


Meanwhile these are like heavy heavyset, pudgy little in that guy's case wig wearing not tough guys trying to be like, I'm ready, I've got my gunslingers and I'm gonna take, it's like, could you please just to have a seat. Have a seat. Here's the second person. Ice in Chicago with my students. You think I'd be scared of you trying to come up in my school? You don't think I, I kind of do. I only have a plan and a backup plan and 56 doors in the building and 17 routes on how to get to each one. I mean, no offense, the district can give us training on what we're supposed to do over and over and over again. And they have by the way.


But I got my own plan because there's no way. There's no way. Yeah. Ever touch with one of my kids. Ever. Never, never. Hello? God, someone needs to talk to you. 'cause that's who you're gonna talk to first before you ever touch one of my kids because I don't play it by mine and never have. And if you've been around for a while, nice agent, you know that baby. I've written a manifesto up here on what I would do. Okay? I can see your manifesto has gotten you far in life. This is the same group of teachers. May I remind you, BJA, that during the Covid pandemic made their case that they could not possibly return to school to teach the children they allegedly love so much and the way they wanted to express it was through my very favorite video of all time interpretive dance.


Here it's Make it make sense. Okay, Safety, But I guess tough guys like this is essential that have a plan to take on ice and make them see God keep our students or they touch one of those children. And just for added perfection, just added perfection. This is just the same way you have with like and others who are campaigning for Kamala and Kamala herself. The every once in a while this like this teacher who's sounding just like you or I do starts to slip into her. I have a plan.


You don't think I have a plan like the, I don't know if it's Latina or what it is, but it's some sort of fake ethical appropriation by these tea, just so they sound like they have credibility. I have a plan. Could you just, the acting on display today, it's a lot. I guess we better buckle up and get used to it. Your thoughts, I mean the grunting and the acting and the laughing like it's clear that this is some sort of sexual fantasy these people have of these ice agents coming in and them getting into this brawl and this protection of their students. I really wanna ask them, why do you not care about the students of yours who have been totally shortchanged by the millions and millions of dollars that are going into ESL to educate students who are not American citizens?


Where is the compassion and the empathy for the black students who are paying the highest price? Because of course they always drop these kids in the worst performing poorest neighborhoods where kids who are already getting shortchanged and short shrifted on education are forced to bear the burden of the pieties of these actors and performers. It's so disgusting. And of course, you know, we talk about this a lot in your show, Megan, like these people are enforcing their open borders woke agenda because they are not themselves paying the price. It's the opposite.


The elites have been lining their pockets with the proceeds of this mass migration because it is not them who have to pay for it. They in fact are the consumers of illegal labor. And so they show up as if they are the ones with the higher, more high ground and the pieties and the virtue when actually what they have done is wage class warfare on much poor Americans and working class Americans who are struggling to give their children the American dream and can't because Joe Biden and Kamala Harris and the Democrats writ large have imported 15 million people to jump the line and take that American dream from them.


And it's just so unbelievably amazing to see a president show up and say, you don't have to live like this. You are not alone. And the fact that so many Americans are being represented by Donald Trump, that's really where his power comes from. The fact that this is wildly popular proposals and policies that have purchase not just with Republicans, but also with the vast majority of Democrats. I'll just say one more thing, Megan. I have never seen a person like Tom Holman show up so ready and eager to do the job, so qualified from day one with a smile on his face because he doesn't care about the lies they're gonna throw at him and the pieties and the garbage that they're gonna spout.


He knows that he, like President Trump is representing the best interests of this country and he's gonna do it with a smile no matter what they throw at him. That man is a hero and he's so the perfect person for the job, just like President Trump. So true. I, I showed this to Steve, I don't know if you've seen it, but Selena Gomez is a great example of it. 422 followers on Instagram, 422 million followers on Instagram. And first of all, she's the one who starred in that Amelia Perez, which is up for 13 Academy Awards, who's pushing the trans nonsense on Americans and American youth. I mean, I wonder if she's got a thought for what happens to American youth who gets pushed into this when really all they had was like a, some family dysfunction and absolutely no gender confusion, but they get caught in this cult that has taken over, especially with young girls.


Where's her empathy for them? It, it's not present. She just wants to be part of the people who push it, but she whatever. So she decides to go on Instagram and cry tears about, Oh My God, all the illegal children, I guess who might be subject to deportation. Here it is. I just wanted to say that I am so sorry all many people are getting attacked. The children, they don't understand. I'm so sorry. I wish I could do something, but I can't.


I don't know what to do. Try everything. I, I it's, she deleted it after her fans taught her that the majority of the country stands behind these policies Bja. But I'm sure she was shocked to get any blowback whatsoever. This who is she weeping for? The rapists and murderers who are being deported because that's all they've come for so far. Let's just be clear, they have started with murderers and rapists. Those are my people.


Why are her people not the victims of the murderers and the rapists, be they migrant victims of murderers and rapists or American victims of murderers and rapists? What is wrong with this person that she can look at the scum of the earth that Donald Trump is getting out of this country and repatriating where they came from and say, everything is going poorly for my people. That is woke mindset. You look at the color of the skin rather than the actions, rather than is this person good or evil? They are evil and she's weeping for them.


It's so sad, Megan, this woman is the victim of, on the one hand mass misinformation. By the way, the only people left watching the mainstream media, reading the New York Times and watching M-S-N-B-C and CNN are rich people like her who are totally out of touch and don't have a single working class person to tell them. Actually, no, those are not our people, but okay, you know, it's the mass information and then a mental health crisis that is like really, really, really deeply, deeply embedded. I saw a tweet the other day about some guy who's tweeting, if my MAGA family comes to me for help, if they're starving in the street, I won't help them. That's the combination of mass psychosis from misinformation from the mainstream liberal media and a and a mental health crisis where people are so embedded in these narratives that they cannot tell right from wrong.


They have lost their humanity. I mean, to weep over murderers and rapists. It really, my heart goes out to her because this person is so lost. She's unwell. Obviously this is an unwell person. There's been, you know, some stories about that kind of thing. And by the way, anybody, anybody who takes their phone works up the tears and posts a video of themselves crying into their phone is sick. That's a sick person. Tears happen. They tend to happen privately. If they happen publicly, I think you should quickly move on and recover. But I don't understand the person who works it and tries to squeeze out more tears to make themselves look extra sad.


I'm really sad. I know I have hundreds of millions, but I hate this country. We, you mentioned the crazy liberal media and JD Vance sat down with Margaret Brennan at CBS News, the among other many failed avenues of attack that led to I, I don't care, Margaret, the, the now famous line by JD Vance, they had this attack on why we haven't solved all the economic problems of the country in Trump's first five days. She's very confused. Watch you Campaigned on lowering prices for consumers. We've seen all of these executive orders, which one lowers prices.


We have done a lot and there have been a number of executive orders that have caused already jobs to start coming back into our country, which is a core part of lowering prices. More capital investment, more job creation in our economy is one of the things that's gonna drive down prices for all consumers, but also raise wages so that people can afford to buy the things that they need. If you look at our, so grocery prices aren't gonna come back executive orders? No, no. Margaret prices are going to come down, but it's gonna take a little bit of time. Right. The, the, the president has been president for all of five days. I think that in those five days he's accomplished more than Joe Biden did in four years. I like, I'm, I have to be honest, I'm shocked at the level of stupidity that is masquerading as some tough anchor on these network Sunday shows.


This is what a pathetic attempted take down. So prices aren't gonna come down. Where's the executive order that's going to kill Joe Biden's inflation. Aha. Got you there. This is, I'm embarrassed for her. I know, it's so sad. I mean, first of all, drill, baby drill is going to bring down the price of groceries. It's not gonna be immediate, but it's gonna happen soon because of course energy is a huge component when it comes to the cost of groceries. You have the energy that it costs to grow things to, you know, to, to harvest them, to, to grow, to, to take care of a livestock and it's transport stuff to transport them. You know, God willing that there will be an end to the war in Ukraine soon. That too will help bring down the cost of groceries undeniably.


Yeah, he didn't accomplish it in the first week, but it will happen. You know, the thing that JD Van said that was the most important thing is about wages. Inflation is terrible, but it is absolutely crushing the working class, most of all because their wages have not kept up with inflation, which means that their money that they work so hard for is not equal to the task of feeding their families anymore. Every single one of Donald Trump's economic executive orders was targeted specifically at raising the wages of working class people, which will put more money in their pockets to buy those groceries.


Now to rich people in the mainstream liberal media, this is invisible to them because they don't know working class people and they themselves make so much money that they don't understand what it would mean for your wages to not keep up with inflation. They don't understand how tariffs are the most beautiful word in the English language, not just to Donald Trump, but to working class people who know that what a tariff does is it makes their labor more competitive to an employer. Because we're not in a race to the bottom against Chinese slaves. They know that controlling the border and the face of Tom Holman means that there's gonna be less competition for their job in the marketplace, which is immediately going to give them more power to ask for higher wages from their employer.


This is all stuff that is invisible to rich people and is unbelievably important to working class people. And it is literally the only thing Donald Trump cares about is he wants a strong economy, which will make working class people have access once again to the American dream. And it is so clear how everything from the tariffs to the trade, to the immigration, to the giving is telling Any company you bring your company back here to America, you're gonna get 15% corporate tax rate, the lowest in the world. This is all designed to raise the wages of working class people, people who work with their hands for a living, people who work in in agriculture, people who work in the service industry.


He's going to get rid of the foreign competition from illegal migrants. He's going to get rid of the foreign competition from China and its slave labor and this is going to make them have more power in the marketplace. This is how you restore the American dream and to the leftist elites, it's utterly invisible. And they do not matter, Meghan, because the people who matter are the American people. This was the mandate they gave Trump and in one week he has made good on it. Oh, that's so well said. It's so true. When we, we went back at one point and pulled the home that Martha Ratts lives in, and it is this palatial estate right outside of Washington DC It's spectacular.


I guarantee Margaret Brennan same. They make millions of dollars and apparently have no relatives who are working class or connected with the working class because they seem to have lost all connection to regular people who don't live like that and who actually do live paycheck to paycheck as the vast majority of Americans do. We are gonna talk about California, but I saw you tweeting about North Carolina and before Trump went out to California, he did what Joe Biden forgot to do, which is show some empathy and caring for the victims of Hurricane Helene, still suffering in North Carolina, where he swung by with a spectacular first lady and decided to shine a spotlight on the people who still have not recovered and cannot get payments from insurers out there.


He actually had people come to the microphone and talk about their experience with these insurance companies. Here's a little bit of that in, so three, We had to do mold mitigation on our home, which is extremely expensive before the structural engineer even came out in order to get our flood payout. And to me that was not really acceptable. Have the insurance company Been responsive or not really? Not not so much. You know, again, I They Give you the money they have to give you, Huh? I'm, I'm hoping so. And we might, we we need some assistance with that. We reached out to an attorney, what's the name Of the insurance Company? North Carolina Farm Bureau.


We've Got a moving, right? Yep. That's terrible. That's what we're after here. So a lot of people Having the problem here with the insurance companies general, different insurance companies, and they're all difficult or just the one particular One. I've heard different stories from others. It's amazing Bja because Trump, it easily could have gotten all that information from his team. There was a reason he was having these people come up to the microphone and tell their stories personally. And you know, I look at these folks and I see a ton of folks just like those in the neighborhoods that I grew up in and, and that I see when I go back, back home, even now, you know, people who are not highfalutin, they're not fancy, you know, they got the baseball cap on and the old guy with the long gray hair and the one guy holding his little daughter or son couldn't tell the gender of the kid he was bouncing as he was trying to tell his story.


And this is salt of the earth, America. And Trump does not have to inject himself into this neighborhood at all. He is trying to call attention to the plight of these Americans who are still suffering, even though with all due respect to our friends, friends in California, they're not from the Pacific Palisades or Malibu. Yeah, exactly. I'm gonna try not to go Selena Gomez on you because I I, I like many of my followers got very emotional watching that press conference to see a president decide that what he's going to do with the power of his office is show up and give his platform to the forgotten, literally the forgotten men and women of America, the backbone of this country, the hardest working people who have been utterly, utterly forgotten by both parties.


And then to name and shame the insurance companies that are stiffing them. It, there is not another politician who I could think of who would do this. This is a person whose heart just bleeds for the American people. This was one of the most astonishing things I've ever seen in my entire life as a journalist, as an American. It was absolutely astonishing. You could see the love that went back and forth between the president and these people. These are the people that he was elected to serve. And this was his first stop on his way, as you say, Megan, to go and speak to and help the much more affluent people in California.


This is a man who intends to be the president of every American. Whether you're a bro person in Appalachia or a rich, rich person in California, he's going to show up and simply demand better for you telegraph the singular message. You are not alone because I am here. I never thought I would see something like this. There's something about it that is just unbelievably humbling and pure and godly and, and it just, it really, it brings tears to my eyes. I don't quite know how to process what we are seeing here because I don't think it's something any of us expected to see and pay close attention to, which Democrats recognize this, that there is something happening here to us as a nation.


We are coming together in a way that Donald Trump promised we would. He kept saying, they kept accusing him, he's gonna do revenge, he's gonna do this, he's gonna do that. And he said, our success will be our retribution. And that is what we are seeing right now. It is extraordinary. It's extraordinary to see this happening, especially between a Republican and the working class of America, which is, you know, traditionally not the group that would run in to vote for a Republican. You know, my mom is a lifetime nurse now, she's a retired nurse who spent her career at the va. And after my dad died, you know, long time ago, 1985, she married a plumber.


Hi. His kids became a police officer and a nurse, right? This is not like, this is not like a, a rich family. And for the first time my mom sounds like a Republican. My mom, I hope she doesn't mind me revealing my mom voted for Trump and it's not because of me. My mom has voted Democrat her entire life. She's 83 because of that Baja because she's picking up what he's putting down. Like she sees what he's doing, she feels heard by him. She's living, yes, of course I help her, but she like all pride people, prideful people in their eighties does not want my money. She wants to live on her retirement, you know, she earned it and all that. And she sees what's happening with the inflation and her the money.


And so like that's what caused her to open her mind to Trump after a lifetime of being told by my nana who passed in 2016 at 101 Republicans are for rich people. And they're starting to see with Trump, that's no longer true. Yes, absolutely. And I think, you know, the fact that the media is trying to run the 2016 playbook and sitting there weeping and in tears over murderers and rapists, it's falling so flat, especially in light of what you just said. Megan, your mom was one, one of millions of Americans who were Democrats a year ago, two years ago, five years ago, 15 years ago, who have found in the MAGA movement, specifically a home, this glorious, multiracial, multi-ethnic working class coalition thanks to Donald Trump and honestly Steve Bannon, who played a huge role in this, in, in explaining to people what was happening here.


That this is not white nationalism, this is nationalism, this is love of country. This is regular folks, not fancy folks, average hardworking people who have been screwed over again and again and again, put last again and again and again, and then smeared as racists for daring to want a better future for their children. This is who Donald Trump represents. And because of this glorious coming together on November 5th, it is no longer possible for the media and the Democrats to get away with lying on him and smearing him when they lie about him.


They are lying about the American people and the American people know that. So they just can't get away with it anymore. We're really about to enter a glorious new golden era of unity and common ground and coming together around common sense values that this country was built on. The idea that you owe something to your neighbor first, that we owe something to our citizens. It has to mean something to be an American. You can't just give that away to rapists and murderers from Columbia and expect the American people to just take that. We're done with that. Oh, so, so good.


And and unlike the left President Trump's party does include the well off. He did go then to the Pacific Palisades and Malibu and, and work hard to try to figure out how to help those people too, unlike the left, which demonizes one side or the other, right? It's either like a bunch of country bumpkin losers who just live and fly over country and are too dumb to understand what's best for them. Or they, the the rich don't pay their fair share and we need more from them. Like the AOCs Trump is finding a way to just bring everyone together. The only people not in his coalition are the people who refuse to be in it because of their far left woke ideology that won't let them see what's, what's what he's offering, right?


What, what's happening right now in the country. The not everybody felt about Trump's visit to North Carolina the way we did. Not everybody was inspired by what he did this past week. One of the things he said was he's got questions about whether FEMA should continue as an ongoing concern and whe or whether states should be encouraged to save and somehow find a way to d address disaster management on a more local level. And here is, how was it Margaret Brennan responding to that? Yeah, back to Margaret. She's the star of our show today. So 14, You know, FEMA has specialized expertise that some of these states just don't have.


Oh, Margaret. And, and their arsenal. And I Wish that they, How will states who are, who are lower income states, the Mississippis, the Ucks, the Alabamas be able to do this for themselves without federal Health. Well, the President, to be clear, is not saying we're gonna leave anybody behind. He's saying that. And the way that we administer these resources, some of which is coming from the federal level, some of which is coming from the state level, we've gotta get the bureaucrats outta the way and get the aid to the people who need it most. But these are the, let's feel, But they're just, they're too dumb and too poor, Mr. Vice president to fend for themselves. And it's so backwards. Of course, you look at the people at that press conference in North Carolina, these are the kind of people who help their neighbors who have been helping their neighbors, keeping people afloat when the government didn't step in and do it for them.


You know, I, I've been obviously super critical of certain aspects of Elon Musk and Doge and what have you, but the idea that some massive government bureaucracy that has failed time and again to equitably distribute aid to the people who most need it, knows better what's good for these people than they do themselves, is just laughable. And you saw in California how exactly like you said, Megan, Donald Trump was speaking up for people who just wanted to go home and use their own money and try to find their precious belongings that they could salvage, try to clear whatever it is they wanna use their own money to do it. And the, the government was literally getting involved and Karen Bass not giving them permits to do this.


And all Donald Trump said was, w why can't they do it? And she goes, oh, well they can do it in a week. Well a week is a very long time. I mean, this is just, this is what he's doing. He's showing up and saying exactly what you wish you could say, but you can't because you have not been given a voice and you have been not been given the right to do that. The most obvious commonsensical thing to help people who are suffering There. You've got the Mississippi Governor Tate Reeves coming out on x saying hilarious elitism by Margaret Brennan and CBS news claiming that mississippians know less about emergency management than DC bureaucrats.


All because her favorite Democrats in California and North Carolina have failed their constituents. Very interesting. I mean, she just can't trust me. I've worked in the mainstream media. She can't fathom that these, the ochs down in places like Mississippi could ever help themselves. That's how she sees them. That's honestly, I guarantee you that's how she sees them. And she thinks that's what makes her a good person. She thinks like her inability to see them as capable of managing money, of managing an emergency is what makes her their benevolent saint. Right? She's going to pressure JD Vance to keep the FEMA federal bureaucrats in charge of their wellness because they're too dumb to do it themselves.


It's like it's dripping out of her pores. Alright, let's meander westward like Trump did out to California. And may I just say about the trip out west by the president and the first lady, number one, we have entered the dawn of a hot First lady and we deserve this. We deserve an amazingly gorgeous first lady who's bringing style back to the job. Look at her in her green puffy coat, her tight jeans, her boots, her black beanie and her aviators with her perfect lips, lipstick and hair Trump when the here he is on the helicopter, but when he is on Air Force one, he is using the big boy steps.


We've seen the return of a Hot First Lady and the Return of the Big Boy steps to Air Force one Batya. And this is the first couple we deserve. So they travel out west in style like grownups. And by the way, Melania Trump was seen speaking to victims, I can't remember whether it was North Carolina or California of one of those two tragedies in her native tongue in two different foreign languages. She's reportedly fluid in six foreign languages, but the New York Times dismissed her as a mannequin. Anyway, they go out there and Trump picks a fight with Mayor Karen Bass, which was absolutely beautiful. This sound bite's a little long, but watch it play out.


They're arguing over how long it's gonna take to clean up the fire damage in places like the Pacific Palisades. So just so people can get back on their properties and get what might still be there, which there is in some cases, some debris that that's salvageable. See the damage, you know, survey what's left so they can figure out their next move. None of that's being allowed. Watch. But we are gonna move as fast as we can, but we want you to be safe and we want you to be back in your homes immediately. But the people are willing to clean out their own debris. It doesn't cost a lot. Yes, and they can, you should let them do it because by the time you hire contractors, it's gonna be two years.


You can do some of it. But a lot of these people, I know that guy right there that's talking, I know my people, you'll be on that thing tonight throwing the stuff away and your site will be, it'll look perfect within 24 hours and that's what he wants to do. He doesn't wanna wait around for seven months till the city hires some demolition contract that's that's gonna charge him individual bill $25,000 to do his lot. Yeah, I I think you have to, you have emergency powers just like I do and I'm exercising my emergency powers. You have to exercise them also. I did exercise them. I, because I look, I mean, you Individuals want to clear out their property. They can. That's not true. Well, Yes, but you know that you will be able to go back soon, Mr.


President, we think within a week. That's a long time, a week, I'll be honest. To me, everyone's standing in front of their house. They want to go to work and they're not allowed to do it. They're, the people are all over the place. They're standing and I say, Warren, aren't you going in? We're trying to get a permit and the permit's gonna take 'em. Everybody said 18 months. You said 18 months, you said 18 months. Let me tell you something, Badia my dear friend who's house burned down in the Pacific Palisades, she's my one woke friend, but she's like, she's sane, you know, she's, I, I adore her. She wanted to get back into her house. You know why? Because they have these little heart rocks that she and her kids have been collecting since the kids were babies.


You know, whatever place they went, they'd get the little, if they find a rock that looks like a heart, they collected it and they had it in a jar and it was on top of the mantle at the fireplace. And they all really thought it could still be there. Like that's one thing that might not have burned. And it would give the girl something to have and nope, no, no, you can't get anywhere. Well, you know what, she scaled a wall And she got in in a full hazmat outfit, but she managed to do it And she had to counterman the, the, the orders. They were not letting her in. She just did it. And it's because of Karen Bass and this nonsense. You can't get in. There's a video in the Daily Mail today of a guy saying, I just wanna drive by. And you've got the, the soldiers or whoever's patrolling the area saying you we're not allowed L lap.


D's not allowing us to let anybody in there. There's Trump with a hefty dose of common sense saying just let them in a week is too long. Some of this stuff will spoil if it managed to survive. And the 18 months that they were arguing over, that's on camera too. It is. Well, I'll just show you this soundbite quickly. The LA director of Public Works, mark past told Karen Bass and council members within the past week that it's gonna take 18 months to clear the debris. Now she sits there at that meeting with Trump and says it's not true that her director of public work says it is. Here it is. We know that the first phase takes take, will take some time.


Phase one will take up to three months, maybe even longer, six months to get the toxics off. At the same time that that is occurring, we'll be coming behind you with the process of debris removal. The debris removal can take up to 18 months. Supervisor. And I'm gonna stop there because I wanna make sure everybody hears that clearly. I know we wanna set expectations and I said at the beginning, I'm gonna tell you what I know, what I know. We heard it clearly two years until these people get their property back. What do you think? First of all, Megan, were the rocks there? The heart rocks. Did she find them? Yes, They were there And she salvaged them. Oh. But they were about to be carted away, I guess within two years time by Karen Bass and you know, her two year plan to, you know, clear the area.


And it's like, look, if people wanna go there and immerse themselves in toxins to try to salvage what they can, that's up to them. Why is that not up to that? It's like big brother tries to control everything they can do what my friend did, which is actually put on like a safety suit and a mask and risk it. If what if it's really important to them. But big, big Sister thinks she knows better. And the whole town is saying two years before you get your property back. I honestly sitting, watching Donald Trump sitting there and just calling her on her bs I did not realize that a president could just do that, could just show up and say, that is not true.


I know it's not true. Why don't you tell the truth now? Why don't you change this policy? It it's the most radical thing and it's so obvious and so simple. You know, if that is all he accomplishes, of course we know he's doing much, much more than that. But to just show up and say, I am going to be the accountability here. This is utterly unacceptable. Let these people into their homes, let's have a little common sense here. Stop lying to me. And it's so amazing how she says, you know, first she says they can go to their homes and he says, no, no they can't. And she says, well, they will be able to go to their homes. Right, right. The immediate follow up. I mean this is really and truly powerful, powerful stuff.


And you, you made the, the, the greatest point, which is whether you are broken Appalachia or rich in California, Donald Trump wants you to thrive. And that is what this presidency is going to be about. There is somebody on X named Eric Mathey who tweeted out the following, and I loved it. I wrote it down. Trump is governing like a man who has been shot, indicted, investigated, and impeached, and has zero fucks left to give. It's glorious. That's exactly right. He's just, he's saying it all. So then Bcha, he gets in into a back and forth with this California lawmaker named Brad Sherman, a dem who'd been giving him a hard time because Trump said, you know what, we wanna give you federal relief, but I want two conditions met before you get it.


And that is number one, allow the water to flow to Southern California like I've been saying for years. So we can be ensured that this, this isn't gonna happen again. And number two, you should require voter ID in this state where they seem to have an allergy to voter id. So he is getting all this blowback, like how can you condition, you know, the, the, the aid on voter id. It's not fair. And Brad gave him some guff about that earlier in the meeting. And then this exchange happens where Trump had thoughts for Brad on the insurance situation out in California, sought seven, Mr. President, without your help, they're only gonna get $43,000 from the federal government even if they have a a half million dollars.


Well, well you did something Brad, with every insurance company in the country left California. That's right. That's why you have no insurance because you made it so impossible. People that think like you made it so impossible. And, and, and Brad, me, every insurance company, I don't know. I don't know what, I'll tell you this about my thinking. I've never seen a state where almost nobody has insurance. Here's a lamor in so eight, they continue, There will be more fires until we include in any disaster relief items, which will prevent it or at least mitigated from happening again. So you're gonna see us proposing this is a different guy. Both Of those, the Folks like, like water, little things like water.


We're gonna do that. You know, the party of common sense. See we are the brad, we're the party of common sense. You're not, in all fairness. Yes sir. We like water to put out fires. It's really quite efficient Back to Brad. But yeah, it, that's, we keep hearing that the party of common sense and bcha I like, it's, for me that really resonates. 'cause that's kind of how I, I've seen myself in media for a while. Like I don't, I'm not f you in your bigoted charges. I don't want boys in girl sports. That makes me commonsensical. That's what that makes me. Right? Like Trump's leaning into this and he's a hundred percent right, which is why he's got majority support on the immigration policies, on the trans policies.


Who the hell would disagree with? We need water to fight fires. Absolutely. You're totally right Megan. The common sense theme is such an important one here in terms of understanding where Trump is coming from. I will disagree with that tweet just a little bit. I don't think he's, he's governing like he has no Fs to give. I think he's governing like an assassin who spent the last four years developing a perfect plan and now is executing it executive order by executive order, by executive order with a kind of confidence and a kind of sort of happy warrior attitude knowing that he has the American people behind him.


And you're totally right. You look at the polling and where Donald Trump is at and whether it's immigration or tariffs or gender issues or even abortion. This is where most Americans are at. The vast majority of Americans are in the sort of radical, moderate middle. So people are pretty pro-gay, they're pro-gay marriage. They really like, you know, Scott Besant, the highest appointed gay out person in the history of this country, Trump appointee, right? People like to see that, but they really don't like the trans agenda. They really don't like it in schools. They really don't like it in sports, right? Common sense.


Treat every person with dignity. Don't bring your mishegoss into my child's classroom, right? It's obvious, right? Immigrants, yes. Come here legally if you have something to contribute that we cannot get from somebody who's native born, sure. But if there is a person being left in Appalachia, a brilliant child who's not getting an opportunity or a kid in the inner city who's not getting access to that opportunity, how dare you. The presumption that you're gonna come and benefit from the glory of this nation when we haven't lifted up our own neighbors. Forget about that mass deportations, you came here illegally, you broke the law, you're a criminal. We don't owe you anything.


You don't have constitutional rights. This is where the vast majority of Americans are at. And it is not an accident that it is where Donald Trump is at. Yeah, get out. I have to take a break, but quick, quick soundbite on Trump and his sense of humor. Hi the happy warrior. I saw something this weekend. You almost never see Donald Trump laughing. He smiles a lot. He's very generous with his smile, but he almost never laughs. It's actually kind of interesting. I noticed it during the campaign when that hyena was on the other side with her very strange laugh at everything. The cackle so bad that they had to reel it in. Telling her never laugh Trump just naturally, he's not a laugher.


He's a more serious guy. He's got a sense of humor, but he is just not like prone to laughter. Well, it happened and it actually was funny. He was doing a bit on how he's returning phone calls of world leaders like that, or calling or picking up the phone when they call, unlike Joe Biden and all these leaders are shocked that they've gotten him on the phone. Watch Our country was on the verge of some of the very bad things and bad things were happening. And now there's light, not only over America, I've heard it from even our enemies. They call up and they say, sir, we hate you. We do hate you. But there's light over the world right now. They hate me. Some of them hate me. If they liked me, you got a problem, right? I was told today by one of the big leaders of the world would call for a telephone call with the president of the United States a year ago.


And it's a, we'd like to speak with, who is this? It's the head of Germany, the head of its name, dad of France, the name of any, any country. It didn't matter. He would never pick up the call the next month. They're so used to this, right? I say, no, I'll pick it up right now. Is he on the phone? Yeah. Hello. How you doing? That's what you know. Get it. Get it over with. Right? Get it over with. The only problem, they were so starved for love from the United States. I cannot get 'em off the phone. I can't get people if you can't. I say, I have to go now King, or I have to go now president.


But you can't get 'em off the phone. They're star for love. You know, for years they haven't spoken. They didn't even know we had a president. If you want another, He's enjoying himself. Alright, more with Fatia right after this. Don't go away.


The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world and it just stepped up enforcement for 2025. If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, don't wait for the IRS to come to you. Simply avoiding your tax troubles is the worst thing you can do. Getting ahead of this is the smart move, but you might not wanna contact the IRS alone. You could turn it over to the team at Tax Network USA. Why? Because not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS, which means they know which agents to deal with and which to avoid. Tax network. USA has proven strategies that are designed to settle your tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their attorneys and negotiators have resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists for free and stop the threatening letters. Stop looking over your shoulder and put your IRS troubles behind you once and for all. Call 1 809 0 5 8,000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. That's tn usa.com/megan.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


It was always shocking to see any celebrities come on. You know, team Red. We saw Vince Vaughn at the Trump Ball. We had Snoop Dogg perform at the crypto ball, and Jewel the singer, performed at the RFKJ Maha Ball and she's already sorry she did it. Look what she just posted. As many of you know, I am a mental health advocate. I believe I can help. And if I believe I can help, I have to try. And if I wait to try until I agree a hundred percent with the people that might be willing to help me, I'd never get off the binge. I don't think that's how activism works.


I believe there are people in the new administration that are willing to help on this issue. And I do not agree on all the politics. And I'm so sorry that I caused pain, especially in my l lgbtqia plus community because you guys are treasures. You make the world a better place and I really hope that we can push through our hurt and move toward understanding on both sides. It pains me and I'm so sorry.


She's sorry. Well, they apology not accepted her, mentions her. Her responses are all like f you fascist thoughts. Honestly, what I think we're about to see is what we're already starting to see a little bit in the liberal media. These people are lemmings. So Hollywood, the liberal media, like everybody, nobody there has a spine. Nobody has any ability to think independently. They walk in lockstep like, you know, like, like a flock of sheep or geese. And I think we're about to see actually a big turnaround. You're already seeing this. If you turn on CNN, like you'll frequently see people defending Trump. It's amazing. Like you haven't seen this in a decade.


And I think we're gonna start seeing that in Hollywood as well. People understand that the nation is just not there with all their garbage, with the activists on the trans front and the open border front. Th this is not where the nation is. And I think that there is this sense already in Hollywood. I mean, I'm sure a lot of these Hollywood stars losing their homes and now having to face like totally disastrous Democrat leadership is gonna help a lot. But already you sought the Golden Globes. There was a kind of almost humility. There was no politicking. They get it, they understand that they're out. Their movies Were, I think, but their speeches were, Yes, well, right. I think we're gonna see a big turnaround right now. The lemmings are gonna start following in the other direction.


That's my prediction. I, I really hope Juul's followers who supported her, you know, performing at the RFKJ thing are speaking out as well because there are a lot bigger numbers on this side than the R on the other. And so she really, I mean this is no time to pander to your leftist base. Batya a pleasure. Thank you so much for being here. Well, we have so much this week. We've got tulsi, we've got RFKJ hearings as we pointed out with Steve. We got Cash. Patel buckle up folks. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.