
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Monday. I had the most dumb, believable weekend that you are going to find out about very soon. We have something really special for you coming up later this week to all the people whose phone calls and messages I blew off yesterday. I apologize you will soon understand fully why it was necessary, and I think you'll forgive me instantly when you see the bit of work product that we have in store for all of our viewers and listeners.


It's the greatest. It's just so funny. Okay? But we begin today someplace else that's a tease for you. I'm not at liberty to tell you quite yet what we're doing. We begin with Trump's 100 day week this week, Trump 2.0, he remains on offense, sitting for several interviews this week with his antagonists in the press. Meantime, the corporate media is more depressed than ever, as seen by the saddest, most pathetic White House correspondence dinner ever. And that's really saying something. Joining me now to break it all down, Emily Jashinsky, DC correspondent for Unheard and host of Undercurrents and Eliana Johnson, editor-in-chief of the Washington Free Beacon and co-host of the Ink Stained Wretches podcast.


These days, it feels like nothing surprises us anymore, right? But not necessarily in a good way. The headlines are heavy, the future feels uncertain, and so much is out of our control. But one thing you can take control of Right now is your family's financial future with life insurance through SelectQuote. Whether you need 500,000 or 50 million in coverage, SelectQuote makes it easy to find the right policy for your unique needs. They have helped over 2 million people find more than 700 billion in coverage since 1985, and they do it fast, often in as little as 15 minutes. Other life insurance brokers might push generic overpriced plans, but select quotes, licensed agents work for you, not the insurance companies. Even if you have a pretexting, or sorry, preexisting condition like high blood pressure or diabetes, SelectQuote partners with carriers who can still offer coverage. And if you're healthy, you could get same day coverage with no medical exam required. So don't wait for another. What if, consider taking a step to secure your peace of mind and get the right life insurance for you for less at SelectQuote dot com slash megan SelectQuote dot com slash megan SelectQuote, they shop you save.


Ladies, welcome back. So as Gail King might say, have you been, have you been, did you go to the White House Correspondence dinner? I did not. Eliana, did you go? I have been one time, and that was enough for me. I think maybe 2018 or 2019. That was, that was good enough for me, and I could, I cannot tell you how happy I was not to attend any cocktail parties or any events associated with this weekend of festivities in Washington. Yes, I totally agree with you. Same answer for me. I've been, I didn't go, I had zero desire to go.


I did speak with Maureen Callahan, who went, which she considered to be research for her new podcast, which is called The Nerve. Everyone should go and subscribe. It's doing great. She's crushing it. But anyway, I'll, I, I don't wanna steal her thunder, but she basically described virtually every guest who she talked to as doing the following. And it's not just Maureen. They do this to everybody. The listening audience. I'm, I'm pretending to look over somebody's shoulder. It's so annoying. I've been there too. It's so effed up. It's like they're always looking for someone more important. You really wanna be like, listen, ever. There is no one more important.


I'm standing here right in front of you. I've made the time to talk to you. I showed up at your stupid party. You know, like, you're so rude. But that's how they all are because it's a bunch of gloms who wanna climb some corporate ladder in Washington in the Press Corps. What's, what is the apex of that in today's day and age? I don't really know. But this thing has been dwindled down to the smallest, most pathetic version of itself with no stars. I mean, none. We used to have like Scarlet Johansen there. I mean, I mocked George Clooney, but at the height of his fame, he showed up at this thing. Now, it was like some sea lister from some cop show I never heard of.


I don't, it's like I didn't know who these people were with all due respect to the actors and actresses. It's just we used to have the reme de lare of the Hollywood crowd. Now they can't get anybody. Trump Used to go. Trump used to go exactly right, collective Supreme Court Justices used to be all over the place. Helen Miran. I saw one time at this, at these things. It was like, I'm just saying like it used to be household names. If they got Hollywood celebs, now it's like, who, who's that? You Google 'em. You kind of know the name of that show, but usually not really. And the, just the most insulting bit of information there.


Okay, there were a couple of misfires, I'm gonna start with this one. So they had Alex Thompson of Axios get up there, who received an award for, okay, wait, I wanna make sure I have the right title. Hold on. What is it? Alex Thompson. Oh, God, is it, did I not write it down? I can't find it. His was, I think, the Aldo Beckman Award For, oh, the Aldo Beckman Award for his coverage of the coverup of Biden's mental decline. All right? They gave him an award for this, and here is how he sounded when he took that award.


President Biden's decline and its coverup by the people around him is a reminder that every White House, regardless of party, is capable of deception. But being truth tellers also means telling the truth about ourselves. We, myself included, missed a lot of this story, and some people trust us less because of it. We bear some responsibility for faith in the media being at such lows.


I say this because acknowledging errors builds trust and being defensive about them further erodes him. Now, this guy is being universally praised for saying this, and I'm sorry, with all due respect, that is a joke we missed. We, myself included, missed a lot of this story. We bear some responsibility for faith in the media being at such lows. What a lie, Emily. We missed it. That's the problem with the Biden decline story, that the press missed it, it was kept from them by this deceitful cabal around the President, and they just happened to miss the biggest story of the decade.


That's a lie. That is not what happened. And I'm sorry, but the mere fact that Alex Thompson's is getting an award for his coverage of it is joke. I can name 10, so-called right-leaning conservative podcasters who were all over the Biden mental decline story for years before Alex Thompson was even touching it. Yes, he's in the mainstream. He was one who dared to touch it with a 10 foot pole. But what a joke that he gets an award for it. Are you kidding me? Stephen Crowder could be up there, but they would never, like, we can go down the list, but I'm sorry. Alex Thompson was not the person who blew open the Biden mental decline story.


And the media did not innocently miss the story. They actively worked to cover it up for years. They actively worked to suppress people who were pushing the story via the cheap, fake narrative right before the debate. And so, yeah, I mean, Alex Thompson is somebody who, within the quote unquote mainstream, was trying to push this story forward and getting absolutely buried by the White House and by critics within the media, to the point where he was sort of seen as an exception. People would be like, well, Alex Thompson's covering that, so that they couldn't, nobody else would touch it. And So he took some arrows and yeah, genuinely took some arrows for all of this, and probably that's what motivates him to feel somewhat vindicated now.


But the idea that you would give an award genuinely that this White House Correspondence Association would give someone an award for this story, I, I think he is right, that it acknowledges it. To acknowledge that you get something wrong, builds trust. But it is so cynical, so deeply cynical for this White House Correspondence Association to think that they can give Alex Thompson an award. He has a book coming out with Jake Tapper of All People, which is hilarious in and of itself about the Biden coverup. We'll see what's in that book. But to give him an award after everything that was done, and act like they can go about business as usual, is pathetic.


I agree completely. It's just ridiculous. These are, we're being gaslit here, Eliana. This is a massive gaslighting. They've ignored the entire right wing ecosystem that reports on President Biden that reported on him for the four years of his presidency that were jumping up and down this show alone, did a, an in-depth show on this back in 2021. You know, not that I need an award from the White House correspondence, but like, it's a joke to signal out this guy at Axios as like the leader of, that's bullshit. And he perpetuated more bullshit by getting up there saying that we missed it.


We, the White House Washington Press Corps missed the story. That's not the right verb. All right. I I, I've a little bit less harsh to take on this. I would say full disclosure, Alex is a friend, I think highly, I thought highly of his White House reporting. I agree with you on two things. First, I would say, let's just stipulate, these are awards for the mainstream media bequeathed two mainstream media people missed. It is not the right word. It would be, we didn't wanna cover it.


And you could talk about the reasons why they didn't want to cover it. You know, Alex tried to cover it, and the Wall Street Journal tried to cover it. Those were the two outlets that tried to cover this story. And pretty late In Game, Ana pretty late, pretty Late in the game. No, I, I agree with you. The efforts were that That's a, that's an important point. That's an important point. These Johnny come lately in the mainstream, who just as we were going into the next presidential election, we're like, gee, he seems infirm fuck off. We, where were they? When those of us were out there doing in-depth pieces on, on this for years prior and being dismissed as nasty, cheap fakey, et cetera, thugs against poor President Biden before poor James Rosen got banned from the White House Press office for 18 months because he dared to ask a question.


Did they, where was, I don't remember, Alex Thompson or these other guys standing up for James Rosen, they missed nothing. So they didn't wanna cover it. And the other piece of this is not only did they not want to cover it, they then gaslit the American public about the conservatives who were pointing this out. The New York Times and other outlets wrote about the deceptively edited videos of Biden and did full pieces about how any commentary about Biden's mental capacity, diminished mental capacity was misleading. So they didn't wanna cover it. And then they told their readers that any coverage that was occurring of it was misleading and fake.


And so I think to sort of fully address this, you would have to say, we didn't wanna cover it. And we gaslit people who on their own, were going down this path and were curious about what was happening. And the third thing I would say is that it's somewhat less courageous to speak out about this now, because after that June debate between Biden and Trump, the mainstream media was exposed as sort of the, the man who has no clothes. So these things are safe to say, and by the way, books about this are now marketable when they weren't before. So now this can be told, everything can be said, and it is considered courageous to say this sort of thing.


Whereas it was really hard and dangerous for Mainstreamers to say this before that. So I think that's the context around, around all of this. They also allowed themselves to get bullied by the Biden White House and into not covering the story, while claiming the mantle of quote, democracy dies in darkness of them being the ones who were adversarial to power, where they saw what happened to the James Rosens, the axis was revoked. They saw Alex Thompson getting all that. Yeah. And, and like literally that, that bullying was enough for them to shut up. But now they of course, want to frame themselves as the champions of democracy in the face of the adversary. And, and that is ridiculous too, because when it was hardest, they allowed themselves like that was I, I'll give them credit.


It was hard because the White House was gonna take away your access and they were gonna complain about you. But if everyone had done it, it would've been okay. And they know damn well it would've been okay, because though it was a true story and the White House couldn't get away with it, and the public saw it, but they allowed themselves to be played a fool by the Biden White House, and to get bullied into silence, that's when it would've mattered that they were standing up for democracy in the darkness. I'm just looking up the dates that the thing with Rose and I know happened in 2022, our episode was June of 2022. It was actually number 3, 3, 9. If you wanna go back and look, June of 2022, long before the presidential politics had heated up, and honestly like it's, there was no interest in reporting on anything that would compromise President Biden.


None whatsoever. They, they, this is, I told you this was taken out of the interview that I gave to the New York Times recently when we were talking about media. Where was Peter Baker on the fact that a neurologist had visited the White House 10 times in the past year? Where was, how was that missed? Why aren't they looking at the White House visitor logs the way they would during a Trump administration? He wasn't keeping them for some time. Why weren't they looking at them under President Biden, which would have shown them that he was having repeated visits from a neurologist? To this moment, we don't fully know what's wrong with him or what was wrong with him while he was the sitting president of the United States. It's just so, I mean, drew Holden online has done a great job of documenting some of this.


They go through, he goes through in particular, how disgusting the Washington Post was. How they did this is closer to 2024 in the election, how they did a deep dive into the videos of his obvious problems, concluding these are more Republican lies. They just prove, quote, the politics of misinformation and conspiracy theories. Do not stop at the waters edge. How, how Republicans use misleading videos to attack Biden in a 24 hour period. On and on that he, he points out about how after the, her report on Joe Biden, well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory that they talked about how memory really works and it just changes as you age, right?


Running defense for him, the New York Times did a whole big thing talking about how his, his infirmity was somehow a style choice. We read that to our audience at the time. The New York Times also claimed concerns about his age were based on the distorted online version version of misleading videos, to acknowledging later that his lapses were increasingly common after his debate meltdown, right? All the coverage changed after his debate meltdown. And they realized he was no longer going to be useful to them. And we could go on, just go to Drew Holden and follow his, his timeline, because it's got so many examples from the Times, from the Post, from others, and works for you, Eliana.


So, You know, he's telling the truth. He, he used to work for us and he's now at American Compass running their magazine. And we also did a piece about our Andrew Styles compiled 30 examples of this, and has been reviewing all the new books to come out of this. But Drew is one of the best in the, in the game at keeping receipts, as we call it, of, of all of these stories that were run. But this was the, arguably the biggest story in the country in 2024, Biden's decline. And you, you hinted at this, Megan, but we still don't know a lot about this. And I would say the news coverage that we got was focused on two things.


One was the physical manifestations of his decline. It was, he's wearing sneakers now instead of dress shoes, and he's using the shorter stairs on Air Force one instead of the big stairs. Now, that would happen to most anybody who gets older. And the other was focused on his loss of energy, which also is sort of a normal condition of older age. What we haven't gotten were answers to two things where people who were watching him were saying, no, like, this person's obviously getting older, but something really, really seems wrong with him. He, he must have some condition. And two, who's actually running the country if Biden can only operate between 10:00 AM and 4:00 PM which was something that Alex Thompson had reported actually.


Who's making big decisions on those off hours? And how are the people around him actually covering this up? They referred to a coverup, but the mechanics of that were still totally in the dark about, It's really incredible. You had a, a New York Times article like a month ago, Emily, on, on Covid. We were misled. And now the, the line on Biden's cognitive decline, we, we missed it. We just, in good faith now, it withstanding our best efforts to snuff it out. We missed it. And then George Clooney, for that matter, You know, he's doing a press tour for his Broadway show saying like, You know, I felt the need to speak up because people in my party weren't telling the truth.


That was, I was always raised to speak truth to power. And a month after he saw Biden almost fall off the stage and incomprehensible and unable to talk, he kept his mouth shut until after the presidential debate, when the Democrats could visually see their presidential hopes swirling the bowl. And he was refusing to go. Only then did Clooney speak out? I'm sorry, but I am not going to let any of these people, whether it's Alex Thompson at Axios or George Clooney or the New York Times, any of them claim that this was a good faith mistake that people missed despite their best efforts. It's a lie. It was a, an intentional coverup and desire not to know.


And we kind of know that because of their own reporting. This is a subtle subplot of all of the think pieces and investigative reports that have come out since the debate. But af especially since the election, which found that donors were regularly chatting about this White House aids were regularly chatting about this. People in the upper echelons of Democratic party circles were talking about this openly. And so that tells us that it's an open secret that tells us that this had absolutely, besides what people were just seeing on their screens in front of their faces, or maybe at the White House, if you were a White House reporter and you were seeing Joe Biden look like he was ailing, you were hearing other people talk about it as well. They were just doing it behind closed doors, which means that it's a story.


It means it's a story that you should have published. And we, again, we know this via their own reporting at this point at which this has become thematic, to just know that, okay, so everyone was talking about this, okay, you heard it and then it just never ended up getting printed because what you were afraid of losing access. And Megan, the other thing is, this was a huge story in 2020. It was a huge story in 2024, but everyone could see this in 2020. And a lot of people were talking about it in the 2020 election. I mean, really as far back as 2019, this is something that you could kind of see plainly with your own eyes. It was why Donald Trump was having success talking about the quote unquote basement campaign that Biden was running. And that's when the campaign was forced to kind of get Joe Biden out there a little bit more.


But he was saying all kinds of bizarre and concerning things before he was inaugurated president, before he was elected president. And the media was not talking about it then at all, despite the fact that a lot of people around the country were thinking it, media was thinking it too. We know reporters and journalists had the same thoughts. They just weren't courageous enough to probe them. Here's James Rosen. I misspoke earlier when I said 18 months. It was eight months he was blackballed at the White House. And this is how James put it in his own words. When I asked the POTUS president of the United States on January 19th, 2022 about this issue, it was considered rude. And I was blackballed in briefings for eight months. Here was that question, January 19th, 2022.


I'd like to, I'd like to raise a delicate subject, but with utmost respect for your life accomplishments and the high office you hold a poll released this morning by political morning consult found 49% of registered voters disagreeing with the statement, Joe Biden is mentally fit. Not even a majority of Democrats who responded strongly affirmed that statement. Well, I'll let you all make the judge whether they're Correct. Well, so the question I have for you, sir, if you'd let me finish, is why do you suppose such large segments of the American electorate have come to harbor such profound concerns about your cognitive fitness?


Thank you. I have no idea. It was asked directly Unsparingly, but politely, there was nothing rude about it. He got re where is James Rosen's Award? Where is his recognition? I'm sorry, but this is a farce. This is a farce. And it wasn't the only farce of the evening or reason to disrespect these people and their stupid meaningless awards, the award for excellence in presidential news coverage by a visual journalist, meaning a photo photo. What was the most iconic photo of, of the presidential contest or any presidential candidate in 2024?


Do you have to think more than two seconds to know what it was? It was Butler. Yeah, it was. But Butler, Pennsylvania, there were a couple of 'em. One from Getty, one from the New York Times, but there were the iconic photos of President Trump underneath that flag with a fist up fight that obviously Democrat or Republican. We all know it was, that picture was unlike anything we'd ever seen before. It's absolutely spectacular. This is the AP photo and, and magnificent, I'll, I'll get the names of the photo. Nope. It went to Doug Mills of the New York Times for his photo of Joe Biden.


Standby. We'll show it to you. So Doug Mills of the New York Times, who's a great photographer. This Yeah, He took one of the butler, he took one of the iconic butler. He did, yeah. Images. Yeah. And almost he almost got hit. Yeah. And, and this is what they gave it to him for. This is Doug Mills' photo of Trump, which did not win wasn't it nominated for a Pulitzer? I'm pretty sure it was nominated for a but no, but not good enough for the White House correspondence dinner because they, they felt the one of Joe Biden looking pensive under a shot of Abe Lincoln was the most compelling shot of the year. Emily, It's so ridiculous. I don't even know what to say. I mean, maybe their explanation is that it's a White House photo as opposed to a campaign photo. I have no idea. But those journalists were taking actual Presidential news coverage.


Yes. I mean, Trump is both a former president and was the Republican nominee for president. It's like, and, and frankly in 2024 became president. Well, one, the presidency. It's like, I, I don't, is there gonna be some rule, do we think in the White House Correspondence Association book that it must be of the sitting president and not of a campaign trail photo? I, I doubt it. And They're prob they're probably queasy about that Trump photo from Butler, which was a remarkable image and remarkable that Doug Mills kept shooting while he was being shot at and all those photographers who were in the Bay. But they're probably queasy about it because they know that it absolutely helped Donald Trump win reelection. Like there's no question about how that iconic image in and of itself was being shared by people who, like an Elon Musk who started to openly come behind Trump after Butler happened.


And if you, I, I went back to Butler the second time, he did his rally there with Elon, actually. And that was on lawn signs all over Butler pro-Trump lawn signs all over Butler. I know that we were in other parts of the country as well, but I think that's probably what makes the sort Press Corps queasy about celebrating an image like that, even though it was a remarkable shot. Much more remarkable than that Biden image is because they, they know that it was helpful to Donald Trump. Don't Do, do we really think, I don't think if Kamala Harris had been almost shot and stood up and said Fight with the flag all around her, even though she was only vice president and she was the campaign, You know, for a short time actual nominee that they wouldn't, that wouldn't be their shot. Baloney.


Go ahead, Eliana. Oh, I don't think we can separate these awards all out though. We gotta look at this in context. So if you zoom out, you have the president of the White House Correspondence Association, Eugene Daniels canceling the comedian Amber Ruffin, because she said that she wanted to see Trump murdered or something and saying like that, but she was too anti-Trump. So there was no comedian at the dinner too anti-Trump. Then we had them giving the award for best White House coverage to Alex Thompson for covering aggressive coverage of biden's decline. So you, you hardly can think that the White House Correspondence Association was then gonna give the best image to this iconic photograph of Trump.


Like they gotta thank, gotta throw the Biden people a bone somewhere in here. Just too much. You know, they basically canceled their own weekend and, and the award to Alex from them was, was not nothing, You know, like they were saying, we, we messed up here. No, it was nothing was. No, I totally disagree. Here's why they did it. It feels Shield Eugene Daniels to give out That award. Eugene Beyonce Daniels, there's a whole other story with him. We'll get to that, but no, yes, we talk. There he is. This is the president of the White House Correspondence dinner. This is the guy, a guy with a question mark. This is, he's literally thinks he's Beyonce. He puts on Beyonce hair and dresses like a woman and tries to find his inner fierceness, whatever.


That's the president of the White House Correspondence Association. But that's a, that's a st a different story. The reason they did it, Eliana trusts me, is because Right now with Trump in office, they need to say, we fell down on the job, but we need to shore up our resolve and never miss again. Now that it's Trump, I would stake every dollar I have I with you on this premise. I I agree with all that. I totally agree with that. Yes. So it's not a, it's not a genuine come to Jesus moment or a risk for them to do this by nominating Alex Thompson. Oh no, I agree. Safe. It's all part of setting. This is the part of the drama in which we find ourselves unwitting audience members.


I totally agree with that. And then in Eugene's speech at the beginning, got to that in which I, I don't wanna get ahead of you, but where he said we, the press are a lot of things. We're fearless. We, we have it, we know everything. We'll play it. We are not. Here comes, he Said, we are not the opposition. It's like, well actually you're kind of supposed to be the opposition. Like you're, you're the press Here. Yeah, but now, but now they want, now they are. Now they see themselves as that. But anyway, here's Eugene, Beyonce, Daniels slot 16. We, journalists are a lot of things. We are competitive and pushy. We are impatient and sometimes we think we know everything, but we are also human. We miss our families and significant life moments in service to this job.


We care deeply about accuracy and take seriously the heavy responsibility of being stewards of the public's trust. What we are not is the opposition. What we are not is the enemy of the people. And what we are not is the enemy of the state. There he is. Eugene Beyonce. Go ahead Emily. Just listening to your laugh during that soundbite was the highlight of my morning so far. I mean, it's a minute what he said. The the part that really got me is when he said We miss family moments in the service of this job. I was dying because it is like, what the hell are you talking about?


Your White House correspondence? You are not on the front lines in Marine, the dumb boss Marine. No, you're in one White House Now. Now he's an BC weekend show. Don't, don't sell him short, Emily. Yeah, exactly. Right. Like you're in the air conditioned studio outside the capitol. Congratulations, Eugene making a million dollars a year, probably writing playbook. They still are having like Eugene Left Playbook a couple of months ago and they're still every day mourning the loss of Eugene, Beyonce Daniels. And he is the perfect face of the media at this point because he sort of knows that he has to say things like to, to get morale up. And we are not, we are a lot of things, but we are not the enemy. But he can't even do that. Right? Because to Eliana's point, you are literally supposed to be the enemy of power.


That is the entire purpose of the press. And so he's, he's too competent to even explain correctly what the job is. It is to be the enemy of power. It is not to be so deferential that you think you, like if Eugene Daniels wanted a pat on the back, he should have kept Amber Ruffin as the comedian because we all know that they think what she's saying, which is not funny, but they all think that it's funny. So stand by it and have some actual principles and hold to these principles. I'll disagree with your principles. I'll think they're gross and stupid. But if you actually think that it's funny to joke about Donald Trump dying in some like weird way, then by all means like, do it, but don't bullshit us and act like you are too good for that.


You are too principled for that. You hired her. So what changed? No, you just got, you just got backlash. That's what changed. You are cowards. You are not brave. You are not serving the country. It is a joke. And they want us all to now applaud them. I mean it's just, it's too much. But I'm glad at least they've lost their celebrity access because that is the one thing that made them feel really cool every single year is that they could like get their picture taken with Brian Cranston. So congrats guys. Okay. You know, the other thing about it is Eliana, You know, journalists, yeah, they, especially the ones who cover the White House, have long hours at times. And there obviously over the past 20 years have been journalists who have deployed and taken big risks and actually suffered consequences of them as a result of taking on those dangerous assignments.


So I don't mean any disrespect to those, but it is a very small collection of the overall, I mean it's under 5%. 95% of journalists have a rather simple, easy job that tends to be an eight hour day in an air conditioned office where they have to pull a story off of the wire and repurpose it as copy for their own publication. There are great reporters like we see at the free beacon and so on. But I'm just saying, like, to talk about us, like we're sacrificing it all like a marine on the front lines and like sacrificing dinner with their families. I mean, You know what it, like on my team, if they sacrifice dinner with their families, they're probably gonna get the next morning off. It's like that's the way, and I've worked at Fox News for 14 years.


I worked at A BC, I worked at NBC. It's really not that bad. It's truly one of the great things of being a journalist is if you lose, You know, eight days straight at the office, they tend to give you a few days off. Especially all these union shops. Like I can't stand that he's painting this like, it compares forget to being a Marine, but to being like a liver surgeon. It's, it's, this is ridiculous. The the self-congratulatory back padding, like Beyonce needs to take a seat. She, this is not like her lemonade years. This is like she's over the hill now in her messaging. I I'm not picking up what she's putting down. It is ridiculous. We've all basically worked these jobs and above all the jobs are an enormous privilege.


Yeah. You get a front row bird's eye view onto the most powerful people in the world making the biggest and most consequential decisions in the world. You get to travel aboard their airplanes, see firsthand absolutely momentous events. I got to see President Trump shake hands with Kim Jong un and yes, You know, you wake up really early in the morning for security protocols that day. But it's an enormous privilege and it's really not, not very big sacrifice and it's a lot of fun. You could join it also join builders with powerful and important people. But it's like one of the best jobs you could ever have.


And so true. And I feel like there, you don't hear a lot of talk about that. The, I I I am I've never understood the sort of self-sacrificial, self-aggrandizing way. These folks talk about each other. The other part of it is you, you then go on TV and talk about all your access and what you saw. You know, there's just not a lot of hardship in this, in this job. No. And beyond that, a lot of people in this country are working long hours and, and working hard. Yes. And having a lot less fun at it. It's a pretty Interesting job. Way longer, way harder. They just Took a four year vacation. They just took a four Biden did not work nights or weekends. Like the audacity of Daniels at a black tie dinner.


Surely wearing some designer clothes to like be the spokesperson of the journalists who maybe were slugging it out at a local newspaper night and day. Like give me a break, put one of them up there. Like they can, they can make that speech. You can't. I I I would settle for somebody who's not, not a they them, I'm sorry, I don't wanna they them at the head of the White House correspondence today. It's ridiculous. He looks like a fool. Those pictures of him completely undermine any credibility that he has as does his M-S-N-B-C contract as he lectures us about speaking truth to power. Really did M-S-N-B-C do that during the Biden years? 'cause I spent a lot of time watching Joe Scarborough, the face of the network, tell me it was the best Biden ever, the best Biden ever.


And not to mention all the race hustling that's gone on, on that channel for years. And it's particularly in the prime time. So I'm not sure, Eugene, that I can take you at your word about speaking truth to power if you would sign up for a gig with that outlet. Not, and don't get me started on Politico, which is also a left wing rag that exists to do nothing other than prop up Dems and strike down Republicans. Okay. So that's, that's them. While we're on the subject of infirmity, I've got to get to a story. You got you ladies never thought you'd be talking about here in the MK show. And it's not politics, it has to do with Bill Belichick. Right? Did you see this? I'm sorry, but it dovetails Ever. It's healthy as ever. Yeah. He's never Been better. So he was the coach of the Patriots for all these, You know, super Bowls.


The audience knows, I knows I know next to nothing about sports, but I know enough to know he coached the Patriots while Tom Brady was the star. And they won all those Super Bowl rings. And now he's taken a job coaching football at the college level in North Carolina because he was fired, I guess by Robert Kraft, which is something I didn't know. But it was said in this CBS interview of Bill Belichick that hit on Sunday morning. And the the reporter Tony do Cappo specifically said to him like, you were fired. And he said it was by mutual agreement. And he said, well, Robert Kraft is the owner, said he fired you. And he's like, it was by mutual agreement. But this interview has, I, You know, I only cover sports if it's, if it migrates over into the news lane.


That's, that's how it comes to my notice. It's gotta be a very big sports story, which this one is for weird reasons. So this guy, bill Belichick has been in the news lately. 'cause his girlfriend I think is 50 years of 47 to 50 years difference between Belichick and his young gal pal. She's 24. She's 24 and She's a hot property. Oh my God. So she shows up at these black tie events with him wearing nothing. She's basically wearing like a bikini and he's wearing a normal man's clothing and it looks weird. It it, You know, like, okay, whatever. I guess I'm not, who am I to judge? But I, I'm judging, I I I won't lie. It's weird.


And I'm pretty sure she is with him because he's very famous and probably has a lot of money and gets her access to cool things. That's my guess. I'm just gonna say it. But anyway, he gives this interview and now it's starting to look much more like a Jill Biden situation. That's all I could think of. You guys. Like, she's like Dr. Jill on the sidelines calling all the shots and like trying to decide what he can answer and what he can't. In this interview and what we learned today, I'll show you the clip, but what we learned today was that it was far worse than CBS this morning, which is like a nice program. They're, they try to do like nice stories would even air they o the reason reportedly that they chose to air this one interruption of hers is because it was far worse than this.


She was trying to dominate behind the scenes and they felt it was okay to include one of her interruptions just to give the audience and just to, to be transparent that they had this monster on screen left who was completely trying to control him. And they, I they, it was to the point where they didn't feel like it would have journalistic integrity if they didn't show at least some of it. Watch this. The other change for Belichick is 24-year-old Jordan Hudson, his creative muse as he writes in his book, make Sure that that's The philosophy. Jordan was a constant presence during our interview. You have Jordan, who's right over there.


Everybody in the world seems to be following this relationship. They've got an opinion about your private life. It's got nothing to do with them, but they're invested in it. How do you deal with that? Never been too worried about what everybody else thinks. Just try to do what I feel like is best for me and, and what's right. How did you guys meet? Not talking about this. No, no. It's a topic. Neither one of them is comfortable commenting on what, And it, It went on like the, the portion I talked to you about. Like it went on and on to where it was very cringey. You were like, oh God, she was right off screen for the listening audience. She was right off screen. Almost like a, like a music producer would be as the band is doing a demo in a music studio where you can see the music producer's just like three feet to the left with the headphones on, like running the controls.


That's where she was. Which is very weird. It's weird for an interview like that. You don't, the, if the, if the spouse is gonna be any place they're normally like behind out of sight from both the interviewer and the interviewee. So it as not to be a distraction. Not only was she in sight, but she was a constant di distraction. Eliana, what are, what are we to make of this? There were two things. I mean, one, if she thought she was making it better, this thing became the whole story of how weird this was. She presumably was trying to make the thing, You know, steer him away from saying something that would've become the whole story. The other thing was you didn't play this clip, but they show, they say, oh, you're on social media now and you're on Instagram and you've posted these couple pictures and here's you doing a yoga pose with her.


And here, oh Wait, we have that too Eliana. Okay, apologies. Let's play it. And then you, then you take it on the, on the bad side. Okay. You join Insta face as you put it. I love that. There's some great pictures of you and Jordan where you're a fisherman and she's a mermaid. It's charming. It's a different side of you. What's the reaction been like? What's it been like to Have these different sort of photos? There's another one where you're doing, I know you're not into meditation or yoga or Pilates. You're balancing Jordan on your feet and she's doing kind of the Titanic pose. Yeah. So I'm, I'm on some of those social media platforms, but I honestly don't follow 'em.


Oh my God. Go ahead Eliana. So I wanted looked at his Instagram account. Those are not posted there. And then I just looked closely when you were playing it, it looks like those are posted to her account and that does comport with what my perception of his reaction was, which was he did not seem to realize those things had been posted online, which was totally bizarre. He just seemed totally caught off guard by the question like Steve Kra was saying in my ear that they were on his account and then he appears to have taken them down. Like he, at some point there was a collaborator, they're, and then they took them down. They're there now. Which is even worse. You never, never take it down.


Just don't take it down unless it's like a total error that you really, genuinely missed. Don't, don't take it down. It's, it, it's worse. What is this, what are we seeing here? It's her as a That's beautiful. That's beautiful. That's love, love. We are seeing love and affect Of that one Companionship. Well The, hes blindsided. The reactions online are basically blink twice if you need help Bill Belichick. And that's how it looks. I, I'm concerned for him. Yeah, well I mean this is a man with a i and it's, it's kind of weird to say this about Bill Belichick because this is what Tony was getting at in that interview, which is, it's a new side of him. I mean that's a wild way to put it.


Like Bill Belichick is known for being gruff and like very rough around the edges and not at all. Like this is, you couldn't parody Bill Belichick if you tried better than this. Like you couldn't script this. It's so wild seeing him in this situation. But he's also a multi multimillion dollar brand. I mean this is a powerful man. He's not just sort of like a washed up Patriots coach. So the guy is still like worth a lot, a lot of money. He is an important part of the history of football, an important part of the history of an intellectual property with the Patriots and the National Football League. And So it appears that he has been completely outsourcing his business to a 24-year-old who's like to put it crassly sleeping with him.


Yeah. And so it's just like, it's it So it power hungry. Yeah, exactly. And he looks like he is completely like what? I don't even know what the right word is for like, like he word. Well a short, a nice short form is whipped. We'll just put it that way. Everybody knows what The First put it first sport is put, But it's not, the consequences are not just Bill Belichick's personal life. It's also like he's a business. This is a business. He football players a team and it is so uncomfortable to watch him allow that to be outsourced to a 24-year-old who's clearly doesn't even know what she's doing because if she did know what she was doing, it is a horrible, if you are actually a communications person for a multimillionaire, you would never do what she did in that CBS interview.


'cause You know they're going to fricking air part of it. It makes you look like an idiot. Right. Don't tempt the bull. And when you're dealing with the news media, they're the bull. There's no point in waving the red flag. They already wanna get you. Like there's no reason in, in making it even worse. Here's that part of that exchange to which I referred about whether he was fired, just to show you. He just seems out of it. Here's thought 24, What's going on with this sweatshirt? Well you can see I've worn this one for a while. Do you remember how you got the cut here? No, It reads Navy. I, I have Robin Craft because 24 years together, six Super Bowls. Unless I'm wrong, he's not in this book. How Come he's not?


Well again, it's about my life lessons in football and it's, it's really more about the ones that I experienced directly. He's not even in the acknowledgement section. Correct. Do you feel like you were treated with dignity and respect when you were let go by Robert Kraft? Yeah, well it was a mutual decision for that would to, for us to part ways he, He said fired. It was a mutual decision. Okay. So I'm, I don't know what's happening there. He, his dad went to Navy, I think May coached at Navy. He's coaching now at UNC, which is a major program.


And I don't follow sports again, but my, Steve is telling me that he's, he was on ES ESPN as recently as last year sounding like a normal person. He did play college ball because honestly I looked at him first. I'm like, is there, is this a CTE situation? I dunno what, I don't know what I'm seeing, but I know that if the situation were reversed And we had a, what, 74-year-old female and a 24-year-old male in the background, like we're not talking about that blah blah. We'd be accusing him of elder abuse and asking whether he was guilty of coercive control and whether this woman was okay. And honestly I've got all those same questions here. I'm not sure we're ever gonna get any answers.


But she's got major Dr. Jill vibes, Eliana, He also sort, I mean she's claimed she seems to be managing it, but she didn't manage his appearance. He looked like he just came in from raking leaves or gardening or, or something. Not like he was ready for like primetime television. And then she also was wearing some navy get up and leggings and, You know, casual wear. I mean the whole thing was strange and, and concerning. Not that I'm super familiar with what the normal Bill Belichick, It's Seems like, well that's what I was, but he did not look ready for prime time. No, I was gonna say he's never been very media savvy and he's sort of like people, he's sort of like this awkward, some people will dispute this, but genius.


Like he's, he's a weird dude and he's really smart, but he's really weird. So he is always been a little strange. But even with that, like to Steve's point, this is on another level of bizarre even for Bill Belichick. And that is a high bar. Yeah. The by the way, so, so the question of how they met, it's even stranger because she tweeted it out, she posted it on UnHerd Instagram that if you go to her Instagram, I'm sure you guys are all at on UnHerd Instagram daily. Yes. The TMZ reports they met on a flight from Boston to Florida on, in 2021. And then I click the link and it takes it to her Insta, where she has like a book and he's inscribed it to her and it's dated 2 12 21 and it's like, thank you for explaining whatever to me on this flight.


And so they allegedly met on this flight and then he sent her this book. Now I, why would she not want people knowing that? Because that's, there's nothing wrong with meeting on a flight. What's the story there that makes me think like, how did you get on the flight? Was there a phone call through an intermediary that got you on that flight? Who was the intermediary? Was there any sort of business transaction involved? Why? I like what is it that you're self self-conscious about? Why can't we probe how you, how you met, right? Like, I don't know. I I have no idea whether or did They, did they get wind that CBS and Tony Depel knew something and was going to ask a question that probes holes in the stories? Yeah, I, the defensiveness about it is what makes me wanna know more.


I couldn't really give two flying figs how they met until I saw she doesn't wanna tell me. Notwithstanding the fact that she posted it and now actually I'm interested now you got me now. And it's not just me. You're gonna have the TMZs of the world digging like they've never dug before, which is another media unsavvy thing to do. Alright, I have good news for you. The thing that I did this weekend, the thing that I wanna share with you, I'm gonna be able to show you when we come back from this break, just the tease. All right. So, but the tease is so wonderful. So standby. It's up next And we will be back with the ejs who we have for the whole show.


Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just the beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement and every day you wait might make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, you don't wanna mess around. Okay. The good news is there's still time for tax network u s A to help self-employed or a business owner, even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network U s A specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. You may have missed April 15th, but you haven't run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move


a very special and important announcement to bring to you Now this Friday, an epic event here on the Megan Kelly show, the official worldwide trailer release for this special film, Blonde Origin. Here's a sneak peek. In a world where anyone with big money or big breasts can reach the stars Space, Three women, one mission. They all find me very inspirational. Yes, Limited training, Right, left, right, Left Their dream to inspire humanity or at least grab a few good selfies this Friday on the Megan Kelly show, the launch of Blonde Origin.


I don't appreciate what people call it a ride. It's not a ride, it's a mission. There's nothing frivolous about what we just did. Blonde Origin, where weightlessness and cluelessness collide. I'm inspirational. Oh my God. Okay, how far will we go to troll the absurdity? That's the question. And the answer is very, very, very far. You will see for yourselves just how far on Friday in an epic segment that is going to be unlike any other.


It was incredibly fun. Maureen Callahan, my friend and hairstylist Sarah Clemente and I went to the great unknown to see whether it was worth it so we could say we've been, oh yeah, we've been, and to, according to Gail King, you cannot criticize them unless you can answer that question. Yes, we, we have our cred and it's on. Let's just say that. Okay. We show you the full thing. We intentionally did not show you the fun shots, really fun ones here because we want you to tune in and I think everyone's really going to enjoy it. I can see you ladies are looking forward to it. Megan, how was space?


You have to tell us. I mean, yeah, really only a very small few of us privileged lucky ones get to get to experience it. And I, I only really like to talk to those who have so sorry, but you're not, you're not on the list. Sorry. Rather talk to Katie Perry. I'm not cool enough to know about space. Did you invite her? Did you even invite Katie Perry? Okay. She's, she's busy doing what I'm told is the worst tour anyone's ever seen. In fact, my crack team apparently saw this coming too. Because here is the video of her terrible dancing that is so bad. It's making national news. Watch this.


Okay. For the listening audience, she's like shoving her hands down and up like you would if you were like a cheerleader. Now she's doing some sort of robot thing like your, like your five-year-old does. Now this looks like my dancing, which is a true tragedy. And now she's shaking her bottle, which literally every, everyone does and can do. And she's back to the MK dance. So she's bad. Oh my God. And then what? She just got picked up the way your two parents will pick you up when they're holding your hands and they're swinging you. And then she ends with the crotch shot. Okay, we got, we got the, the picture. This is why lady, she couldn't go on. Not, she did the blue origins, but she didn't do the Blonde Origin because she's out there.


I mean, when, when you are looking at it thinking, I can do that, that's a bad, that's a bad thing. Yeah. I don't know what the baseline was. 'cause I, I don't know what the regular Katy Perry concert dance is, but same, I'm not, I'm not paying for that. No thank you. I Mean no thank Well I'm glad that Megan, you seem to be just as good as ever. So I'm glad that whatever Katie Perry caught in space is not like, this isn't an experiment. She didn't return damaged. There must be something with her. She can't blame it on that tr trust me. That's all I'm gonna say. Just trust me. She can't blame it on being in space. 'cause a lot of people have been there. Okay, that's all I'm gonna say, or no.


Okay. Okay. Let's move back to the news. This Wisconsin judge who got arrested late last week by the the FBI completely justifiably, because it looks like she obstructed justice when ice showed up at her courtroom to arrest a suspected illegal immigrant. And he was in the midst of a criminal proceeding because he'd been accused of battering somebody, two people who were there in the courtroom ready to give testimonials. And this judge upon seeing that ice was there with intent to deport this man who I think had already been, he already had a deportation order, shepherded him out, kicked out ice, shepherded him out a back door, the ju the door used by the jury, and then into the hallway along with his defense lawyers.


And then he ran. One ice guy was left at the front door, unbeknownst to the judge, and I guess he saw them come out the other way and went over and was like, he started chasing him a little like following him. And then, then he caught up with him and the guy ran. He took off. So then they did catch him, and they went back and they arrested this judge for obstruction of justice. Listen to how Rachel Maddow described this issue. We've had time to settle into what it's like to have Donald Trump in a position of power, right? So it's not like we didn't know it was going to be terrible, and it is terrible. He really did have a judge arrested today, and we'll have more on that in a moment.


He's not even a hundred days in, And we are in desperation mode from him already arresting a judge today. You kidding me? That is a sign of weakness, not strength. It is the public that is being strong here, and he cannot handle it. If this feels like a insane and reckless escalation from the Trump administration arresting a judge, I will tell you, you are not alone. It sure felt like that to lots of people in Wisconsin today. People who showed up outside the federal courthouse in Milwaukee after the judge was arrested. More than a hundred people out there today on no notice on a Friday in the middle of the day to emergency spontaneously show up Dangerous, an irresponsible escalation.


It was an escalation. She literally makes it sound like this was just over a ruling. Trump didn't like that he sent in the FBI to go arrest him, as opposed to what actually happened was she obstructed justice, allegedly. I haven't seen any facts that would save her from that charge. Not one put out by her side or anybody else, and is going to look at consequences for it the same as anyone else who obstructed justice would. Emily. Yeah, I mean, I would actually love to get Rachel Mada like force her to ask, answer the question of what, You know, if, if this is so bad from Donald Trump, does she think the judge did anything wrong? Right? So maybe she's just like, so if, if we, You know, hypothetically gave her the benefit of the doubt and said she's just mad that the FBI arrested a judge.


Okay, so what are you not mad about? What the judge did? And I suspect Rachel Maddow would say no. And what's really interesting about that is what this judge did pushed the left's position on immigration to its logical conclusion. If, if you believe That yes, Deporting people, is that bad, I mean, then of course you don't, you don't see this. There's, there's nothing wrong with what this judge did, which is why this judge who is very apparently reportedly plugged into this activist network in Milwaukee, was able to get so many people to rally on UnHerd behalf in the middle of a Friday, as Rachel Maddow said. And so I, I think this is actually, I've been sort of frustrated even as a conservative with some of the cases that this administration has chosen to elevate as high profile examples in the double and triple down on, because I haven't thought that they've been, You know, very, very good examples of the policies that the administration is pursuing.


You couldn't find a better example of a judge that needs to be arrested based on the facts that have emerged so far than this one. This is something that works with the public. They see someone abusing their office to protect someone who is abusing the privilege of being in the United States. I mean, this is a slam dunk for the Trump administration and for Rachel Maddow to jump out ahead of the story, I think really says a lot about where the left is on immigration. I mean, you might be able to find a better example that that judge down in New Mexico who's now accused of actually harboring a Trenda UA gang member. Here's Pam Bondi on Fox News talking about that on Friday.


So Judge Cano soon to be former Judge Cano got, he got, his charges were just unsealed. He's charged with obstruction. He is charged. He admitted post Miranda, he took one of the TDA members' cell phones himself, took it, beat it with a hammer, destroyed it, and then walked the pieces to a city dumpster. Wow. To dispose of it, to protect him. The wife also is charged with destroying evidence. Sandra, not only that, this TDA member and, and he had on a necklace that said, kill something about death. He had tattoos all over him. He also had on his cell phone pictures of two decapitated victims, two victims decapitated, gruesome photos, and he was sending them out and, and whoever he was sending them to was sending back saying, Hey, you need to be careful.


You shouldn't be sending these, you shouldn't be texting these photos out. And yet this New Mexico judge accused of harboring this guy, it's a problem. This is like the, even judges can go too far, can obstruct justice, can violate the harboring laws. And what are we supposed to do? Just give them a pass because somebody gave them a judicial robe. Eliana, I have to say, I'm sort of befuddled by the position of the Trump critics on this one. Is it that judges can't obstruct justice or commit crimes, or that if they do, they sh should not be arrested?


I don't really understand that. But the details of the Wisconsin case are, one thing that I think has been totally overlooked is that the, this guy who ice agents showed up to arrest with a warrant, they agreed to wait outside the courtroom, they presented their papers and did everything by the law, was in court for a hearing on three counts of domestic abuse for beating up a man and a woman hitting his victims were in the courtroom for a pretrial hearing. And what the judge did was deny them due process of law by letting this guy run out on the street through the back door.


So this was a total miscarriage of justice that left two victim, two alleged victims that this guy had beat up and sent to the hospital, standing in the courtroom not knowing what was happening. And the accused, You know, their accused guy, the guy accused of beating them up, running off down the street to go free, which seems That's that's exactly right. Pretty Bad. Seems Pretty bad. Yes. It says he was charged with three counts of misdemeanor, battery, domestic violence, and infliction of physical harm. That charges stem from a March 12th fight that occurred between Flores Ruez and two roommates after he was accused of playing music too loudly in the home.


The complaint says he punched one roommate 30 times, then hit a woman who tried to end the fight. He pleaded not guilty to the charges, but they showed up and were sitting there and wanted to give testimony and couldn't because this judge scurried him out the back. I mean, she cut the proceedings short, that's the allegation. So that she could save him from ice. He had been previously deported. And by the way, notwithstanding that they say he was actually going to be provided still a notice of intent and decision to reinstate the prior order of deportation. So another layer of due process on this guy, he would've had the opportunity to contest the determination by making a written or oral statement to an immigration officer.


But no, none of that is acceptable. If you ask the left, here's New York Times', David Brooks on this, judge Dugan sought seven. Well, obviously they're trying to send a, a note of intimidation, not only to her, but to all judges and maybe to all Americans. But I, I don't, I don't yet know that specific details of this case, whether she escorted the guy out the jury door or whether she's led him or it's, so that's all Mer I don't wanna comment on this specific case, but especially on the issue of immigration, there are a lot of people who are appalled by what the administration is doing, and there will be times for civil disobedience, and to me, oh God, if she, let's say she did escort this guy out the door, if a, if federal enforcement agencies come to your courtroom and you help a guy escape, that is two things.


One, it strikes me as maybe something illegal, but it also strikes me as something heroic and in times of trouble then people are sometimes called to do civil disobedience. And in my view, when people do civil disp disputes, they, they have to pay the praise. That's part of the heroism of it, frankly. It's, she's a hero. She's a hero who just behaved civilly disobedient Emily. Well, that's a, well, You know what, it turns out the details actually are important in this case. Yeah. It turns out, you might wanna know before you say she's a hero Conservative. David Brooks. Yeah, yeah. Conservative David Brooks, York Times conservative writer David Brooks. Yeah. It's, it's just like, listen, this gets my blood boiling.


It's not just even the alleged victims in this case that are being deprived of due process. This is American people who are potentially having to harbor someone who was charged with this because who are potentially going to have to live shoulder to shoulder with somebody who was charged with this. Because some activist judge appoints herself ahead of what the FBI wants in this case. And again, by the way, I thought Rachel Maddow was a, a defender of the FBI's authority. It's, it's, it, it's, it's important law enforcement authority. When the FBI was going after Donald Trump, that's where the left came down on the sacred duty of the FBI. But now, the American people will not only have to deal with the flood of what the New York Times estimated to be, I think a net of 8 million people who came into the country under the Biden administration.


That is the population of multiple medium sized states put together. So the American people don't even just have to deal with that. They have to also deal with the left saying that even the people, even the worst of the worst people who are, have all of these multiple orders, have had these insane allegations against them. We can't even deport those people. You just have to live with them because we should have open borders And we should allow as many people as possible to claim asylum in the United States of America. And any effort to push back on that, we will have to push back on that. And so you just have to live with this. I mean, it is So, it is so, I don't know if the alleged victims in this case are US citizens and it like, if, if we said that they were, I mean, imagine that being you or your family.


You get beat 30 times by somebody who's not supposed to be here. And then a judge just deprives you of the opportunity to have that case held out and to hold someone to justice. I mean, it's completely, what about the Citizen Apartments residence of that apartment building who have to put up with this guy blasting music all day, beating their neighbors, making them feel unsafe, allegedly, they can't even get a day in court because some dumb judge and Rachel Maddow's upset that she gets arrested for doing something illegal. Oh no, they ridiculous. They think the left is thenar narrative on this is that this was, IM intimidation. This was the Trump administration trying to intimidate all judges as if, if they, if they had wanted to do that, if that were their goal, as if they wouldn't have done something to Judge Boberg, that's the one they can't stand.


That's the one who's done all sorts of things to team Trump, including finding them in criminal contempt before the US Supreme Court. Well, after he found 'em, after the US Supreme Court said, you, you didn't have jurisdiction over this case, but he, he proceeded anyway. If there were a judge they really wanted to intimidate, it would've been boberg. They haven't, Trump has sent out mean tweets about him. Okay? Literally, everybody out earth has had a mean tweet from President Trump. This is, this is a federal district court judge who has absolutely no, no business, right? She's federal district court and doing this kind of thing. Any other, she states, she state any other federal or state judge would have been arrested for doing this with a criminal defendant who was under the federal watch who was about to be arrested by the feds.


Here is the, the messaging though, it's a montage from the Dems, Satan, Why would you possibly do this? And the answer is because we wanna send a signal to the judiciary. In my perspective, this is about intimidation and intimidating any potential judges over the next several years that could stand in the way of whatever Donald Trump wants to do. But regardless of the facts, this was put on to be a show. This is really to show intimidation of judges across the entire country because we know that Republicans in Congress have not been standing up to these terrible policies. It's been our judiciary, it's been our ju justice system. And so now they're under attack.


Yeah. So that's where they're gonna go with it. And my question for you is this is what like, I don't know, the fifth big individual case that's come up in the immigration lane, right? Since Trump started the deportations, we had Mahmud Khalil, the spokesperson for the Columbia bullies. Then we had Abrego Garcia, I missed one, there was another one in there. We have this judge now. Like there's whatever, there's been a handful of like individual names that people are starting to know as the sort of the face of the Trump immigration or deportation struggle. And is it starting to work from the left?


Because we have seen polls today that are not great for Trump. Trump's pushing back on them, citing his own internal pollster who's very good John McLaughlin saying that they're weighted too heavily to Democrats and independents. They don't have enough Republican or Trump voters in there. I'm not sure about that. You know, we actually looked at, we, we did a compare and contrast, and while there aren't that many Republicans in there, it seems to be the same amount of Republicans that most pollsters use. It's basically like 30, 30, I'll, I'll, I'll tell you exactly what they're, for example, the New York Times poll, which is terrible for Trump, has a sampling of 30%. GOP Dem, 28%.


So it's two percentage points more Republicans and 33% independence. Which actually to me seems to be what hurt him. 'cause he's not doing well with independence. You look back at a Harvard Harris Harris poll, Harvard Harris, which had Trump up to this month, all these other polls are finding him down. They had it GOP 35, dem 33. So it had GOP up to same as New York Times, but they had the overall sampling had more Republicans and Democrats than it did independents. They had 28% independence versus 33% independence in the New York Times pool, which I think wound up hurting Trump. Like independents have turned on him. That's what I think the headline of these latest polls is.


They don't, they don't like all the stuff that, like the base likes and, and or at least finds fine, You know, it's like not nonplused by the Dems who voted for Trump and the independents who voted for Trump, who are more like, not, not like the really right-leaning ones, but the, even the left-leaning dem independents are mad. He, he's starting to lose support with those groups. And it's in several polls. Hold on a second, let me find my numbers. So I, we can go through some of them. Okay, you've got Trump's overall approval rating NBC 45 disapproved 55.


So he is 10 points underwater CBS 45, 55, same 10 points under a, B, C, Washington Post, which is the, one of the ones Trump called out a 39% approval rating of 55% disapproval. So that's 10 plus six is 16, 16 percentage points underwater. Then you've got c Blonde Origin math. Exactly right, because CNN 41% approve 59% disapprove. So that's obviously very bad. The trend line in the RealClearPolitics average of all polls also not good. He last had a net approval on March 12th, where it was 48.3 to 48.1, and the averages are really what you should go with.


And now it's down to negative 6.7. As of Sunday, when you look at the real clear politics average of all polls, when you look at, You know, what's going wrong, why, why people are upset that New York Times poll, he's starting to lose them in immigration, which has always been his strongest, but he's, he's starting to lose support there. They're very unhappy about the economy in particular. And he's got really bad numbers when it comes to the economy and tariffs, which people are not in favor of. But the, the starting, like the waning and the immigration numbers, which have held solid up until arguably Right now would be a cause for concern. It doesn't surprise me at all, Eliana, because all you hear about Trump on these stories is the, the bad facts.


You don't, you really do not get fair and balanced coverage like that. Mahmood Khalil for one, You know, they basically made him into an American citizen, which he was not. He had no right to stay here. And he was an agitator on that college campus acting as the spokesperson for a group that was committing criminal acts on Columbia's campus, which he didn't read about. He talk, he's peaceful. He really wanted to negotiate a peaceful settlement and all it would've taken was a complete divestiture by Columbia of any Jewish cause in order to do it right. It's like you forget that. And then a Bgo Garcia, the Maryland man, I mean, it's a hoax. That's the new hoax. It, it's the new fine people on both sides. He's just a Maryland man who's just wearing a Chicago Bulls, bulls hoodie.


That's it. Without putting into context, You know, that he was with two gang members. That is the colors, those are the colors for MS 13. They, they all wear those hoodies. That's part of like their uniform. It's not like you wearing a Chicago Bulls, hoodies, whatever. So what do you make of where Trump is on the media war as reflected by these polls? A couple of things. I think a lot of this, I mean, it basically begins and ends on the economy and that started with Liberation Day and the fact that look, he'd be in much better shape if he just imposed the tariffs and stuff stuck to it. I'm not saying that's a good policy, I don't think it is, but there's just been mass confusion since Liberation Day about what the policy of this administration is gonna be.


And the markets have lost billions of dollars. And we said the same thing when, when Biden was in office, that if the economy didn't improve, he would suffer. And I don't think most Americans are paying very close attention to Trump's fight with the Ivy League or the cases of these specific immigrants. Most of that is background noise, but people are paying attention, particularly those who were strong supporters of Trump. And that means older people living on fixed incomes who, who can't, who don't have the luxury of saying, oh, You know what, market lost 20% today. It'll bounce back. These are people who are drawing off draw, living off their 4 0 1 Ks or pensions.


They're living off retirement funds and it really matters for them. So I think that's hugely problematic for Trump and will continue to be on immigration. He's obviously struggling with the media narrative And we didn't even get to the problems at the Pentagon, which I think have to concern people because it deals with national security and the pictures one is getting of what's happening at the top there are not totally reassuring. But on immigration, I mean, the story this weekend was the Trump administration deported a 2-year-old and a 5-year-old and an 11-year-old or You know, whatever the ages of these kids were. But that's not going to change the administration. And, and by the way, on immigration, Trump actually has shut down illegal immigration at the border.


I think they have a compelling story, compelling story to tell. And over time, I do think the public will be with him on that. I think Trump's fundamentally right on the issue. Whereas on the tariffs, I'm not so sure. Like people can look at their accounts and their own wallets and they're gonna make up their minds there. The facts, the, the, I don't understand the fights the left is picking on the immigration issue, essentially going to visit and have drinks with people who are not good people. Look, the Trump administration may not have followed the proper process, but the left is finding common cause with people who I don't think the American people would feel particularly sympathetic towards.


And I think the polls will come back to Trump on that. But he needs to focus on and be worried about the economy. I think he's also doing this, Emily, like he doesn't much care about these public fights with these individuals because A, he thinks it helps him, but b he thinks it's a deterrent. Like he is very focused on making sure that southern border is secure and what, but better way of making sure it stays secure than scaring the living daylights out of would be traffic, You know, traffic traffickers or border crossers that there's a new sheriff in town and you get in here illegally, even if you managed to make it past CBP, you very well may wind up in El Salvador And we won't care The that's and, and yeah, like I disagree on that policy and, but if you talk to people in the administration, that is what they say and it's actually it.


The deterrence point is a reasonable one. There have been stories, I think the Associated Press had a big one last week about people who have had already started their human trafficking journey by paying cartels up through Central America to come to the border who actually turned around because they didn't want to deal with this. So like to some extent that is a successful deterrent. They want people to self deport so that they have fewer of these Abrego Garcia stories to deal with in the media. What's interesting, if you look at the poll aggregation, so the five 30 or the Silver Bulletin one from Nate Silver at Real Clear Politics, New York Times, what they look like is an X and that's starting with Trump's approval high, his disapproval low and there's, it's not unusual for there to be a honeymoon period, but sometime in early March, around March 10th, March 11th, those numbers converged and it goes up again.


Or they, You know, the disapproval goes up, the approval goes down. And that's before Liberation Day. Again, not unexpected, but it happens fairly early for Trump. He's less popular now than he was even in his first term, according to some averages. And that's pretty early in his administration. And so I think some of this predates Liberation Day and I, I actually would put the finger more at Elon. I think Doge has disappointed people. I think it's angered people. I think just the idea of Elon Musk has pissed people off. Bernie Sanders and Alexandria Ocasio-Cortez are getting like tens of thousands of people to their rallies. And that's, that's not entirely fake. Like there's some real stuff happening because the, the Dems, You know, or the, the, the Dems are messaging things like Gilmore Abrego Garcia, horribly, like the, the trip to El Salvador that Van Holland made was insane.


The date complete. And oh my gosh, it was so like, they're, they're not doing the establishment. Dems are not doing themselves any favors on this. And it's genuinely going to be hard when, You know, a OC and Bernie have to focus more on immigration and can't just talk about quote unquote oligarchy because Elon Musk is leaving. But I actually do think, I mean, people's social security has been affected by Doge. Like they've had to deal with some of those things. And I, I feel like that's a big part of the bleeding and that's why it started earlier than Liberation Day and earlier than some of these high profile cases like Gilmore Abrego Garcia, which was later in March. I mean, I will say I did, I haven't looked totally deeply into the cross tabs on NYT, but their daily podcast today suggested Doge wasn't as big of an impact in the, the numbers when you dug deep and that they, they too thought the economy was big, but they actually saw weakness for Trump on immigration as I did too, in their numbers.


I just think it has to be temporary because the public overwhelmingly wants these people out. You know, the, the media's trying to highlight stories falsely of some sympathetic figure, which who aren't really sympathetic. And even today they're, they're at it again, You know, you heard this, this, there's this case, he's, he's deporting two and seven year olds now, American citizens. He's deporting them. And Marco Rubio went on the Sunday shows to put that to bed, saying, that's absolutely not right. Hold on, I think we have it. Do we have the Marco Rubio out? We do. Here it is in SAT 13. That's a misleading headline. Okay, three US citizens ages four, seven, and two were not deported. Their mothers who are legally in this country were deported. The children went with their mothers. If those children are US citizens, they can come back into the United States if there's their father or someone here who wants to assume them, but they, it wasn't like you guys make it sound like ice agents kicked down the door and grabbed the 2-year-old and threw 'em on an airplane.


That's misleading. Yeah, that's just not true. Is it the US policy to deport children, even US citizens with their families. And I hear what you're saying without due process. Just to be very clear there. Well, No, no, no, no, no. Again, if someone's in this country unlawfully illegally, that person gets deported. If that person is with a 2-year-old child or has a 2-year-old child and says, I want to take my child with you, with me, well then what? You have two choices. You can say, yes, of course you can take your child whether they're a citizen or not because it's your child. Or you can say, yes, you can go, but your child must stay behind. And then your headlines would read us holding hostage, 2-year-old, 4-year-old, 7-year-old while mother deported.


Very well done. I just wanna add to it what Tom Holman said on it, watch, If you choose have US Citizen child knowing you're in this country legally, you put yourself in that position, you put your family in that position. What we did is remove children with their mothers who requested their children to depart with them. This was a parental decision. Parental one, parent parenting 1 0 1, the mothers made that choice. And I tell you what, if we didn't do it, the story today, be Trump administration separating families again. No, we're keeping families together. So when a parent says, I want that, I want my 2-year-old baby to go with me, we made that happen. They weren't deported, we don't port us citizens.


The parents made that decision. Not the United States government, but it, but I don't hear any questions about making Roddy had a mother. She's never gonna, she's never gonna see her child again. Rachel Morin, she had five children, she, You know, those children aren't gonna see their mom again. Well done. Tom Holman at the White House that was just this morning. They, they're getting better at fighting these media battles, Emily. Well, I think they're, they're, they're probably realizing, and again, I'm having talked to people in administration, I think they're, they're probably realizing there are more clear cut examples to focus on that are, are like, it's, it's not their fault when the media like they did with Kilmore Abrego Garcia, it was an Atlantic story brings up a thing.


It's not like the White House wanted to focus on Kilmore Abrego Garcia, but after it happened, the White House dug in and in, and there are examples. I mean, of course Democrats acted like complete fools in reaction to that story, but this one is like completely insane that they were able to put a side by side of what would've happened had they not let children go with their mothers. I mean, this is just plainly a non-story because it's just like the common sense thing when somebody comes to the United States, overstays is not supposed to be in the country anymore and has a child there. It's a non-story that they're taking us citizen children with them. The story yeah, as Tom Holman says, would actually be keeping the children like, it's just completely crazy.


That's right. And so I think they're getting, I do think they're getting smarter. The other thing is they're getting a lot of heat for not doing mass deportations, quote unquote mass deportations at the volume that some of the hardcore, You know, kind of Steve Bannon types want to see them do. And so I think they're just realizing that the, the strategy needs to be a lot cleaner and clearer. So that's where they're, They're, I feel bad for them that front. They, they are doing literally everything humanly possible to deport as many people as humanly possible as quickly as they can. It's just, they've had so many, they're, it's not a kingdom. You know, they, they do have legal constraints on how quickly they can move. Even some of our viewers are writing in saying, You know, but Obama departed, deported 13 million people.


Why don't they just do what he did? Obama deported people at the southern border that they counted those as deportations if he did any, I don't think the number was that high, but the point was he decided at some point in his term to actually do some border enforcement and to turn the people away as they were trying to come into the country. And they counted each one of those, like the, the ones who were turned away as deportations. And, and So he ran up his deportation number, You know, Trump, if you wanted to count deportations by that number, my god, trump's definitely in the millions already. But that's, he's actually trying to get people who are, who are in the United States, living in communities, trying to get jobs and so on. He wants them all out and in many cases committing crimes like, but he doesn't really care.


I mean, he's gonna start with the worst first, but he doesn't care and make a distinction between extra criminal or just criminal. In so far as he violated our immigration laws, he wants them all gone, as do a majority of the American people. Standby, quick break, more on the backside.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling, you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU u's online. On campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal and professional goals. There's the NCAA tournament, which they are in again this year with over 340 academic programs. As of September of 24, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable visit GCU dot edu.


Paleovalley makes 100% grass fed beef sticks because healthy living should be easy and accessible for everyone. If you are constantly on the move, working, traveling, raising a family, consider checking out Paleovalley. You get clean, high quality nutrition, not the chemical lading garbage. So many brands are selling. And here's the truth. Most of the so-called healthy beef sticks you're gonna find at big box stores loaded with preservatives, not Paleovalley. They use old world fermentation methods to keep their sticks fresh without chemicals. Paleovalley beef sticks come in five delicious flavors. They went over huge in my house and are made from grass fed beef sourced from regenerative American farms. No MSG, no gluten, no sugar, just real nutrient dense food. Over 55 million beef sticks sold and Paleovalley stands behind every single one of them with a 60 day money back guarantee. Right now, you can get 20% off your first order. Go to Paleovalley dot com slash megan and use the code Megan for your order.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer Details apply.


People always wanna say, why are you so emotional? And when you testify, why are you so emotional on network? Because if they wore my shoes for 40 years, they don't understand why emotional. I've talked to the little girls as young as nine years old. They were raped multiple times by the cartel members. And then when you get to your knees and you talk that little girl and everything innocent and pure has been ripped from her. When you listen to the lake and Riley, 17 minutes, that young lady fighting for her life. Don't, don't just think, okay, a young woman died. Think of how she died, the terror that she went through and these children are sexually assaulted. I stood back with tractor trailer in 19 dead people at my feet that baked to death. Illegal immigration is not a victimless crime.


And so every sick person we take off the streets, especially child rapist, that makes this country much safer. Every illegal alien we arrest public safety threat one at a time, makes this country safer. I can't get enough of Tom Holman. I he should be out there every day. He should be at that White House press briefing room every day. Emily Jashinsky, Eliana Johnson back with me. That's what's real. That that is what's real. And those are the ones they're starting with the child, rapists, the murderers, the gang members. And we still can't get the media to give this team a fair shake. So it's, it's not gonna get any better.


They're gonna have to just plow through them. They can't work with them. They just have to plow right through them. Okay, I just wanted to show that soundbite. I I wanna move on because we had a big interview over the weekend. We dropped this Saturday morning with a guy named Colin Carroll and he is one of the now fired accused leakers from the Pentagon. So he worked as the chief of staff for the Deputy Secretary of Defense, Steve Feinberg. And he was fired along with two other guys over there, one of whom Tucker had on his show. And the other Darren hasn't yet spoken out. And any one of these three guys could be placed in handcuffs at any point these days.


They all deny that they leaked anything. And this was a, an hour and a half chance to listen to one of the accused, now fired guys. Military guys served us honorably, deployed to Afghanistan multiple times. And I wanna give the audience now listening on a weekday, a a chance to hear a bit from Colin. Here's SAT 31. The reason I'm here today, quite frankly, is because I feel wrongly accused. I know for certain I did not leak anything. I know for certain I didn't do anything else that's criminal either. And after his interview on Fox and Friends this week, I felt like one, I'm being told I can't talk about my investigation, but he is directing the investigation and on national television basically saying everyone we're criminal or maybe not, maybe we're gonna be exonerated.


I don't know. It was kind of a a a bit of a, it was hard to interpret what was going on. Yeah, I'm here because I want the American public to know the truth. I think that your viewers, you have got a lot of viewers and I think this is a good medium to do that. And I think from the truth, I'll be able to show that I am innocent and hopefully be publicly exonerated, which is really what I'm looking for. So Emily, we've had the advantage now on Monday of seeing all of our viewer mail, and it came in, in droves, in droves about this interview. It's posted on our YouTube Right now and on our podcast feed. And there wasn't one who had any doubts about him, and they had a myriad of reasons why they believed him fully, but there wasn't even one listener or viewer of the interview, which again is about 90 minutes long, who had even a scintilla of doubt that he was a truthteller.


They could hear him do certain things that truth tellers do, like run toward the story, run toward the event that they're being asked about. In this case, leaks want a full exploration of it, not just faking no ums and ahs as they try to dance past it or away from it. And I totally understand what they're saying. I I, when listening to that guy, my own personal opinion is he didn't do it. I don't, I don't know why he was fired, but he spoke of a Pentagon that is having a lot of internal fights with personnel, and these are Pete's guys, president Trump, even over the, over the weekend he gave an interview to the Atlantic Magazine, still reiterating that he's in Pete's Corner, which is good. But it does seem like there's a, a bit of personnel problems going on inside the Pentagon.


Yeah. So this is such an interesting story and that was a great interview. I agree completely. I had the same reaction to him as the audience did and as you did, people can watch Dan on Tucker's show, Dan Caldwell and Tucker's show as well, And we will likely come away with a similar conclusion. And, and even just knowing Dan a little bit, I I think that's probably exactly what happened. And there, there's been some fascinating reporting that basically the paranoia inside the Pentagon about leakers and about people who are trying to subvert Pete Hegseth and the Trump administration is so strong that it's that Pete's own inner circle is turning on itself because they're paranoid about who's leaking and who's not leaking.


And so the, the drop site story about what happened behind the scenes here is that someone who was trying not to leak Colin, who was trying not to leak this came out like last week, ends up being accused of leaking when trying to avoid looking like he's leaking. And it's because Casper and probably Hegseth himself, that's The chief of staff, Pete, Joe Casper. Yeah. And they are rightfully was right. Yeah. But they're correct that the, they're absolutely correct to be paranoid because everybody is out to get them. So they're in this impossible situation where they're trying to implement dramatic reforms of a corrupt institution and the corrupt institution is fighting back.


And in that situation, it's very difficult to not end up getting defeated by the institution because it's extremely powerful and you are this like team that's coming in and trying to quote like drain the swamp. So I feel like that's what's happening here. And it is a really sad story. And I thought your interview really brought that side of it out. Oh, thank you. I thought, I know you do that other show with Ryan Grim and he did a great job in his reporting, which advances story considerably Eliana, what she said is exactly right. Right. It's like you've got the deep state, which is a real thing inside the Pentagon who don't like Pete. Then you've got more neo Connie Republicans who, they're not his number one fans. You know, they're, they accept that he's running dd I'm a fan of Pete and I'm a and I'm a NeoCon republican.


Yeah, you're a NeoCon, publican free beacon. You know, just saying, endorse Pete, I'm a fan of Pete. They're Not, they're not, but they're not his number one fans. It's, it is fair to say his number one fan, like the, the, the main Neo Connie people wanted somebody who was a little bit more bellicose and there Pete's an acceptable choice there. There are more restrainers, there are more vo vocal restrainers, like more on the Tucker wing that they could have gone with. I, so I think they accepted Pete. But in any event, my point is simply, he, his main faction of support should be maga. And I don't know exactly who those guys are within the Pentagon, but I think all these forces have some of the forces inside the Pentagon feeling unsteady.


And he's been under constant barrage since he took the oath since before he took the oath all the way up to now. Go ahead. I I have a totally different take on this from you guys. I, I liked the secretary, I was supportive of him because he was the president's choice and I viewed him not as part of either the ma maga restrainer faction or the NeoCon faction I thought he had support from, from both sides. And in that sense was a good reflection of this administration. And most importantly, he had the trust of the president and he's a fighter in the press, which makes him a good fit for this administration. However, I it, with all of this stuff, it was clear that Pete would be besieged by the press this entire time.


You know, these guys, Colin Carroll, Darren Snick, Dan Caldwell, Joe Casper, these are four of the people you never heard of them before because they're not important really. People, they're, they, they served at the pleasure of the Secretary of Defense and of the president of the United States. You know, what you don't do when you're fired from an administration is go run to Tucker Carlson and run to the me Kelly show. I mean, great interview Megan. Like they're, they're wonderful. Of course the press is gonna cover this run to Politico and run your mouth about what happened inside. It's a betrayal of the administration. It's a betrayal of the oath that they took when they went in and if they think this is helping matters, it is not.


And I'm struck by the fact that all of these guys are doing it, and presumably we're vetted by this administration, foreign administration that puts so much, such a huge premium on vetting loyalists. Okay, I know, but he's a loyalty. This administration is supposed to, but, but is the loyalty supposed to stay in place even once they fired you and basically accused you publicly of being a felon? Right. Like the, the reason those two guys, both of whom had very nice things to say about Pete Hegseth came forward is because they feel like their reputation is being completely destroyed. And it was, I can speak to Colin. It, it was very important to him to come out and say, I did not do this.


I listened to the whole thing. I listened to the whole thing. And I think if you go serve, you leave and you keep your mouth shut. That's my, that's my personal use. But they Didn't fire him quietly. Ana, he's not supposed to defend March. I I understand that. I understand that. And that's a risk they take. And I don't think that he said, oh, I'm, So he said, I don't really know. He's not a Pete guy. Dan called was a Pete guy. Look, I don't think Pete went and threw his own people under the bus. Like nobody looks good in all of this, but to me this reflects poorly on the administration's vetting. It reflects poorly on their personnel choices and it reflects poorly on, You know, how they pick people they thought would be loyal to them.


Like the whole thing sticks. And by the way, I would say I have no idea what happened here. I have no read of this and no idea what the drama was on the inside. I don't think anybody Does. I think I do. I no, I I disagree. I I now feel like I have it figured out. But go ahead, Emily. Well, I was just gonna say, I mean from what we know, Colin seems to have actually been trying to be loyal. And that's what's frustrating to him and to Caldwell is that they were actually like, he got the call from Dan Lipman of Politico and tried to do the right thing and, and work it up the chain and still ended up getting booted and then smeared in the public. And so I guess I see what Ana saying.


I'm a little bit more sympathetic to them afterwards coming out and explaining what happened. Because they're making this case that it's important for the public to know about the, the, You know, mess that's happening behind closed doors. Yeah. It's about five people in the public that's following this story to the extent of like the, You know, the ins and outs of co even who these people are. No, nobody in America knows who these people are. They just know it's a big mess at the Pentagon. Well, yeah, right, but they're saying that you should know why. Yeah. I don't Think anybody's following along in the details here. I Don't, I don't know. I don't know if that's true because look, Pete went on Fox and Friends, he spoke to it from the Easter egg role, which made a lot of news. Dan went on Tucker, which is a huge show.


Colin came on this program, which is also very large. And the numbers are huge. People are definitely tuning in. I can see them. And so there's interest in these, in these guys and in this story, our interest is isn't getting it right. The left wing media wants you to just go walk away with chaos at the Pentagon. Chaos. Chaos. It's not ideal, but it's, I I, I feel like to sum it up, it's some growing pains happening over there and there are factions that are out to get you, You know, as a paranoia if they really are out to get you. I'm just not sure he found the right ones who are actually out to get him. And time will tell on that front. Okay. We'll talk more about it tomorrow when Tucker's here. So he and I will get into this whole thing in more detail.


Ladies, thank you both so much. Thanks Megan. Thank You. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.