
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. 24 Hours in and the Love Fest with the new Democratic ticket is on full display. Some comparing. Vice President Kamala Harris's search for her running mate to the reality show. The bachelorette indeed NBC news reports that those close to Ms. Harris say her choice came down to trusting her gut with one A, comparing it to finding a husband. Okay then last night the new pair's chemistry was on display for the, for, for, for the first time as they held a rally in Pennsylvania.


The same state that is home to the vp also ran. Now Governor Josh Shapiro. Kind of awkward. Her choice of course was Minnesota Governor Tim and he came out firing. We're gonna get into his performance in a minute and we'll take a deep dive into his background. And we begin today with Mark Halperin, editor in chief and host of two-Way, a new live streaming video experience in these crazy times. And boy oh boy, they are crazy. You should listen up to this one today.


Security for our country, security for our leaders and security for our families can bring peace of mind. If, you have it, but think about this. Are you financially secure? If all of your eggs are in one basket, like the stock market right now, gold and silver can be an excellent way to diversify your savings. We've been telling you this as a hedge against inflation and some of these market events, they're a physical asset that's in high demand globally and through Birch Gold Group, which has an a plus rating With a better business bureau, you can own physical gold and silver in a tax shelter, retirement account. Yes, you can diversify an old IRA or 401k for no money out of pocket into an IRA in gold and silver text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 And receive a free no obligation info kit and learn the role precious metals could play in your overall saving strategy.


Again, text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 Birch Gold as I mentioned, top, top, top eight plus rating Better business bureau. Not to mention thousands of happy customers. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Today might be a good day for that message and data rates may apply. Welcome back, mark. Great to see you. So have we learned anything more about how she chose and over Shapiro? Well, the totality, Megan of what I know suggests she chose them because he didn't come with in much trouble beyond his very liberal record as governor. And while she was headed down a path to choosing Josh Shapiro, there's a bunch of things. Some issue oriented, some personality, some Based on her meeting with him that made it clear that on deadline, 'cause she didn't have a very long runway here.


One guy was easy and the other guy was hard. One guy had vast, almost universal popularity within the party. The other guy turns out has some enemies within the party and she went with the path of least resistance, taking the risk on those liberal issue positions, but avoiding a lot of the landmines that picking Shapiro would've brought. Hmm. There is still a lot of speculation that the thing that did Shapiro in was effectively his last name. That he's a Jewish man because and has been pretty pro-Israel, as has Shapiro. One of them is Jewish, one of them isn't. And while Shapiro may have had his detractors in the Democratic party like John Fetterman, Senator from the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania, it's Pennsylvania, which is far more important on this electoral map and in question than Minnesota.


So she's still gonna have to deal with that. I don't know that there's gonna be an open backlash to her amongst Jewish liberals who consider themselves Democrats. But have we learned anything more about that factor? I think it was a factor, but again, it was a piece of this umbrella notion that Shapiro had a lot of issues. I believe she was on track to pick him as recently as a week ago. But what happened in that intervening week, it was disclosed by Federman almost publicly through AIDS into in a Politico story, that he thought he was too ambitious. That's a view held by a lot of senators and governors who know Josh Shapiro. He's, you know, he's a very ambitious guy and like a lot of ambitious people in politics, he's rubbed some people the wrong way.


Would that preclude him from being picked? No. Would his position on Israel or his religion preclude him from being picked? No, but what happened was you saw over the last week negative stories about him in the press. I call those turtles on a fence post. They didn't get there by themselves, And. it demonstrated to her the vice president's people, that the guy had a lot of enemies and he had a lot of issues that would've been factors including his position on Israel, had he been picked. And then we get to the meeting on Sunday where she meets with the, with with those two. And then Mark Kelly, who I don't think was really nearly as in serious consideration as as waltz and and Shapira. And it's a tale of two prospects. One who does what a normal ambitious potential vice presidential candidate does.


Let's talk about this. What's the campaign gonna be like? How many of my people can I bring in if I'm on, if we do win, what's my role as vice president? These are questions. People like John Edwards and Al Gore, when they were up to be on our ticket, they asked, you know, there's this famous thing now that if you're vice president you demand that you're the last person in the room with the president. When a decision's being made, the staff clears out and you and the president talk about it. What did, what was Walz Walter's position? Walter's position was, Hey, you want me to be the last person in the room? Great If, you don't all good. And so on deadline when she needs a United party. Headed into the convention in the fall, one guy divides the party on Israel, but also on personality, on school choice, on a bunch of issues.


And the other guy was endorsed by Bernie Sanders and John and Joe Manchin. I haven't heard a single Democrat express anything but enthusiasm about the pick. And so his liberal positions are an issue. There's no perfect candidates, as I said, but on deadline she could pick the guy where it's like, let's go integrated into the campaign. No enemies, no threat of disrupting the convention. And the other guy, a long list of potential problems, one of which was his last name, one of which was his, his his image on Israel. But I don't believe those were dominant. I believe those were part of this umbrella notion. One guy's easy, one guy's hard. Hmm, I've been thinking about and since yesterday.


And his, he's the most radical they could find on the trans issue. I mean, as I said yesterday, he's, he's another Gavin Newsom. There's just almost no daylight between those two, if any at all. Which is an issue very important to me personally and my audience as well. And all I could think Mark, and here's a spoiler for the people who have not seen the movie The Usual Suspects If, you have not seen that movie. You should turn down the sound for the next two minutes. 'cause there's a big spoiler in that movie. Kevin Spacey plays this kind of sweet, maybe slightly off character who is part of, finds himself, part of this gang of du well criminals and the whole movie, you know, that there is a big boogeyman lurking named Kaiser Soze.


And Kevin Spacey's character gets dragged into the police station early on. And they are really tough on him. They start questioning him. Chaz Parliamentary does a great job of cross-examining him. And he seems kind of a slightly ey and kind of walks him through some facts around the alleged crimes, but tries to avoid becoming the center of attention. And at the end of the movie, you find out that this guy doesn't have the limp. He pretended to have, doesn't have like a bent hand that he pretended to have that he's perfectly fine. He struts off into the sunset and we learn he was the bad guy all along. And I have to tell you, mark, that is how I'm feeling today about Tim Waltz. This guy scares me.


He scares me because he actually could become the vice president and potentially the president. And I'm gonna be honest with you in the audience, I watched him last night and I thought he was amazing. He is a spectacular speaker. He was charming. He had that rally in the palm of his hand. He's way more effective than she is or Joe Biden is. And I genuinely feel like for the first time that I can remember, had like a feeling of fear rise up in my throat because I know what he's permitting in Minnesota when it comes to children.


Which, you know, we talk about one of the defining issues of our time is that the way we treat our animals for, you know, our livestock, the way we kill them, because we're gonna eat them, that nothing compares to what we are doing to minor children. I I get emotional over And. it. This isn't gonna happen to my kids. My kids are good. This isn't about a personal thing for me. It's about everybody else's kids. I care about children and I am really in horror at what we're doing in this country. To them, England has rolled back these puberty blockers into cross-sex hormones, Scandinavia, all of these experimental laboratories for what he's pushing have all said, we were wrong.


We were wrong. And he is pedal to the metal full steam ahead on all of it. And so when I watched him dazzle last night, and I, I felt it, I understood I was, I'm not gonna vote for him. I've been honest about that. But I recoiled, here's a little bit of what I'm talking about. When he was at the Philadelphia rally last night, Now Donald Trump sees the world a little differently than us. First of all, he doesn't know the first thing about service. He doesn't have time for it 'cause he's too busy serving himself. He sows chaos and division.


And that's to say nothing of his record as president. He froze in the face of the covid crisis. The, He drove our economy into the ground. And make no mistake, violent crime was up under Donald Trump. That's not even counting the crimes he committed in Minnesota. We respect our neighbors and their personal choices that they make. Even if we wouldn't make the same choice for ourselves. There's a golden rule. Mind your own damn business. Vice president and I talk about freedom. We mean the freedom to make your own healthcare decisions and for our children to be free to go to school without worrying.


They'll be shot dead in their classrooms. He's, I see why she chose him. He's great and he's better than she is in his, in his rhetoric. So Megan, you raised so many issues there, including his performance that we can talk about. But I wanna start with the issue you raised first. Something I've heard from other parents, I'm a parent too, and I I, the depth of emotion that you feel is something I've heard from others. And anyone who doesn't respect that and anyone who's not eager to understand it, if they don't understand it on the face of it, should be eager. This is a guy who was chosen in part because he has a record and a reputation for caring about reaching out to Trump voters and people who disagree with him on issues.


I would hope that he would try to, he would make himself available to try to explain this position and, and related positions related to kids that maybe are misunderstood. Maybe he's changed his mind on things as the vice president has started to do on a range of issues. But if he really is legitimately concerned about being vice president for all the people and legitimately concerned about clearing up any misconceptions about where he stands on issues with, where he has past positions that are deeply upsetting to folks, he should speak out about it. Because right now he's allowing himself to be thought of as having positions that are not only offensive and troubling to people, but out of step with the majority of the American people.


Yeah, exactly. Like allowing children to be taken away from the custody of their parents because the parents don't wanna give them, so-called gender affirming care, which is really sterilization and cutting off body parts. That's that's what that is. It's it's crazy. He's not the only one, but he's Yeah, no, I know he's as radicals. They come, go ahead Mark. But now, but now that he's putting, put himself on a national ticket and now that he's got a pass that's being scrutinized, my preference is to not put you and others in a position of wondering what he really believes. Wondering if he understands at a minimum the other side of these difficult issues and, and is willing to address them.


Not just because it, it, it's, it's upsetting to people. But because he's new to the national stage, he's asking to be a heartbeat away from the presidency and we don't really have a clarity about where he is. We know in looking at his record that he is got some positions on issues related to kids that people want to know more about. And And, it would be a shame if the dominant media's attempt to sequester these two away from any serious questions on any topic for the duration of the campaign won the day. Because I think it's in everybody's interest, including his really, I I have to explain honest on that. I I don't, I don't have questions about it. I totally understand where he stands. Every single piece of legislation he has signed.


Well, I has been in one direction. Yeah, I agree. But I'd like to hear him address your concerns and at least express an intellectual and emotional and a parental sympathy for them. If that's his position, let him, let him enunciate. But let's have a dialogue. So, because, because his position on this issue, again, it's not the majority view and it's deeply upsetting to a lot of parents. And if he'd like to have, have the possibility of winning their vote, it'd be great if he explained it, he could disagree. Take the issue of abortion. Lots of Americans disagree with his position on abortion. Lots agree. But I'd like to know, when does he think life begins? What does he think about third trimester abortions? What does he think about the rights of the unborn?


I'd like to hear him discuss that in a context of putting himself forward for the job. Even if he ends up disagreeing with a lot of Americans on some of these positions, whether he's taking the popular position or not. Right now, it's just a matter, as you said, of familiarizing yourself with the record. But he needs to talk about it in the national context because he's upsetting a lot of people. And I'd say the same thing Yeah. About the three other people on the national tickets. They should do the same thing as well. Yeah. I mean, but I'm, you have to give it to JD and Trump. They, they'll talk to anybody. Trump showed up at the NABJ. Yeah, they, they do put themselves out there and she, and he, not at all. I won't hold it against him yet. He's only been the nominee for 24 hours, but she, here we are more Than too.


Give give him another day. More than two weeks into her campaign. Mark, I said this on the air the other day. If you go to her website, there's not a single policy position on there. You have no idea. I I don't, I actually don't know where Kamala Harris stands on virtually anything. The trans stuff, I assume. 'cause she's been vice president for four years. So I'm gonna attach her to what Joe Biden did, which is just about as radical as you can get though. There's one step further you could go and Gavin and Tim Walz have gone there, but she doesn't put out anything. Like, there's no policy positions. There's just a bunch of Kamala Harris photos in Pride gear. That's literally what she's running on at the moment. And the So-called vibes. That's kind of more we heard last night. How much longer can she go without sitting down?


Look, MS NBC's not gonna do it. Going over to super friendly territory. They're not gonna ask questions that the world wants answered. They're only gonna cater to hardcore dems. That's probably the only step she'll do though. Am I wrong? No. Look, she's got working for her people who are geniuses at understanding the bio rhythms and rhythms of the press and of the public. Brian Fallon, for instance, is one of her communications people. They know what the traffic will bear. They know exactly how to measure every day. Do we need to put her out and do, where do we need to put her out? It's like a, it's like a, a very careful calibration. So can we put her on a, a friendly podcast with a celebrity and then go to the press and say, Hey, she's doing interviews, she's just not doing interviews with you, the political media.


Do we need to do anything at all or do we need to put her on 60 minutes where she can typically, you can typically get a pretty friendly interview, If, you give them the first exclusive. So they're, they're measuring it every day and the clock is running and it's not really in their interest to have a policy debate. This election to me now is pretty simple, simple. The Republican, the Democrats want it to be about personality, vibes, momentum, and Donald Trump's a bad guy. And the Republicans want it to be about policy differentials, right? They want it to be about the Biden Harris record on immigration and inflation crime. And so for her to do interviews or put policy positions on the website is to play right into the hands of what the Republicans want the race to be about.


So this is be, you say she will be, she can't do it. I think she can, unless the press decides, you know, that she has to and and right now the press is back to rooting for her. Yeah, they're, they're in on it in a, in a way, you know, not openly conspiratorial, but they're totally fine with running cover for her. Yeah. So now this will be the third election of Kamala and or Joe Biden where we've been prevented from really hearing from and seeing them and seeing them pressed on their policy positions. He was the basement campaign in 2020 thanks to Covid. And now we know other issues. Then he ran again in 24 and he was hidden from us until he wasn't. And the campaign fell apart and now she takes over and is the stealth candidate once again, the American people are electing what we don't know, we don't elect vibes.


We need somebody who we trust, who we understand who's we, we can get behind their policies or we can't. It's, I don't know what this says about us, mark, that we seem to be ready to allow this. Well every, every election's different. Why, why would we quote we be quote, ready to allow it. Part of it is because the other candidates, Donald Trump and all the press and a very high percentage of the American people will take any steps, including ignoring the mental and physical decline of the incumbent president to make sure Donald Trump is beaten. That's just a reality of the mindset of the Democratic Party and its allies in the dominant media right now.


As I said, they know exactly how to calibrate whether she needs to answer any questions and whether there'll be debates or not, whether she'll do interviews or not press conferences. Now, I will say if she does those things, don't assume it's gonna cause her political damage. She's always been underrated because of the public image she's developed as vice president. But leaving aside the questions of whether it would hurt her political chances, obviously as you've suggested, it'd be great to know where she stands on, say China or tax cuts or anything else beyond just saying, well, she's got the same positions as Joe Biden, but I'm not optimistic about it because it's not in her interest at this point.


And may not be till after the election for her to talk and answer Questions. We're gonna, we're gonna get to November 5th. We'll have no idea what the policies are. We at best, we've had a campaign spokesman issue, a paper statement saying, correct. She disavows this position from 19 and that position from 19. Correct, correct. All of which she could get out of and say the person was confused that she didn't speak for me. I never said, I mean, we have no idea. Correct. We're looking to elect, let me go back to Tim and for a second, because one of the roles of the vice presidential candidate is to be the attack dog. And he was including some very low blows. There have been low blows on the other side as well.


Very aware of that, including from the top of the ticket. But here's how he sounded last night. Like all regular people I grew up with in the heartland jd studied at Yale, had his career funded by Silicon Valley billionaires and then wrote a bestseller trashing that community. Come on. That's not what Middle America is. And I gotta tell you, I can't wait to debate the guy That is If you if he's willing to get off the couch and show up. So you see what I did there?


See what I did there? Repeating the smear. Totally false and debunked lie, the guy who started the lie is already given an interview talking about how he lied about JD with some couch just to besmirch the man. And now you have a vice presidential candidate repeating it. Listen, and before I get too high on my horse here, I lived through Donald Trump suggesting Ted Cruz's father had assassinated JFK, another lie. So I'm not claiming that there's any high ground there, but as a citizen, I get the right to object. And by the way, I haven't seen JD Vance Beha engage in this kind of behavior. I mean he, they are so threatened by his background. Mark that what kind of a guy from the heartland goes to Yale that's so dishonest.


If, you read his memoir or know anything about the guy, it's a miracle he wound up at Yale. He was a child of abuse. No dad, drug mom, man after man in the house, including very abusive domestic violence. Things he witnessed and was potentially part of. And somehow after joining the Marines, found himself at Ohio State and managed to do so well because he was a smart kid. He got a break and got into Yale where Amy Chua took her, took him under her, her wing. That is so gross. I guess I shouldn't be grossed out 'cause politics are gross. Well, again, lots to unpack.


I'd say I, I wanna make two statements that are make so people clear where I come from. I'm not here for rooting for either side or rooting against either side. I'm for the American people. So when I make analytical statements about where I think things are, they're not 'cause I want one side the other when I just want the American people to win. And there's a difference between what is and what ought to be, what is is. I don't think Governor Waltz will make that joke again. I think it's way off brand for him. He'll continue to make little jives about the Republican ticket, but I don't think he'll make that joke again, would be my guess. Other people will, as you said, the Republican party under Donald Trump is in no position to be on their fainting couches over a personal attacks from the Democrats.


Just zero credibility to do that. I will say this, I think it's not a purposeful democratic plan, but the Republicans are burning up days on social media and from the Trump campaign going after Governor Waltz. I don't believe they'll win the election, go after Governor Waltz. There's no history of that. Most Republican strategists I know with records of winning would like every remaining day, the message from Donald Trump on down to be the record of Harris and Biden on the economy, inflation, immigration. And so as a political matter, a lot of people are upset about that, that lame joke from last night. But a lot of Republicans tell me, we gotta, we gotta avoid getting caught going after the little shiny object every day, particularly from the bottom of the ticket as opposed to the top of the ticket.


Right? Right. Last question. Not over the fact that Trump went to Georgia and ripped on Brian Kemp, who's this incredibly popular Republican governor in a state, Trump must win. Yeah, I don't get it, mark. I I don't purport to understand all of Trump's decisions. Was it like ego just needs to do it because he doesn't like Kemp and Kemp doesn't like him and he just needs to express his loathing for the man and his wife who's also said something negative about Trump. But I mean is it's not surprising given all the things she's he said about her husband. Yeah. Is it ego? Is there, is there something, 'cause I think like the comment about is Kamala really black to the NABJ?


I think that was calculated. The thing about Kemp I think was emotional. Yeah, well that's a three day story so far. And it's really annoyed a lot of people in the Republican party who like Governor Kemp and think, as your question suggested that they'd probably be better off working in tandem rather than opposition three days of 90 days. I'm not great at math, but that's a pretty high percentage of the days remaining. And again, most Republican strategists I know, including the ones working for Donald Trump, say every day. We're not talking about the Biden Harris record on crime inflation and immigration and, and America's role in the world. We're wasting time if Kamala Harris can skate through with the media's help and get to election day in early voting.


And voters say she's can be a good steward of a good economy and she can be a tough and intimidating commander in chief she'll, I think she'll win. The only way to undermine that is, is to talk about the record and to kind of smoke her out on it. And talking about Brian Kemp. Is it ego? Is it sensitivity? No, I've been told that he was told Kemp had been invited and hadn't shown and was angry about that, which is not true. He hadn't been invited, I'm told. But even if true, even if they'd invited him and said, you know, the former president would like you to be his personal guest, it is just madness to waste the news cycle plus two additional ones going after the guy and his wife. So I can't explain it. I long ago learned, unlike some of our colleagues to stop looking for the new Trump, the new Trump's never coming.


I know The old Trump, there was a, there was a bunch of nonsense after the assassination attempt that he changed. Yeah, I never said that. Yeah. And I didn't believe that. And he hasn't, But, but I will say, I'll say all that now withstanding, he still has more electoral college paths today and a better chance of winning Georgia than Vice President Harris does. So he's still got a better, a better positioning than she does, but he's not helping himself. And I don't know, his, his interview on Fox and Friends this morning was just a classic sprawling mess where he talked about a million different things and barely talked about what the campaign thinks he should be talking about. He has a high incentive not just to win the presidency, but to stay out of prison. And yet he's, he's not, he's not currently on top of this game.


Now maybe there'll be debates and he'll do, well maybe he'll find a way to start being on message. But, but the, the, the, the experience of, I agree with you about the, the black journalist event. I think he purposely wanted to change the to topic And. it worked. But there's no upside that anyone in the world could invent even Ivanka and, and Don Jr. And, and Eric, there's nothing you can invent to say attacking the Republican governor of Georgia who's popular is a good idea. There's just no upside to it. I mean, I don't see it. I I I realize Kemp is more establishment, you know, so maybe it's Trump again, like it's me versus the establishment. But he's beloved. Yeah. The main point is he's beloved in a state. Trump must win and Trump owes his fans and supporters better than to f with Georgia.


Yet again that, that this has already cost Republicans in Georgia enough. Yeah, exactly. They've got two Democratic senators thanks to this exact same dynamic and pretty liberal democratic senators. And, and yet he doesn't. And, and, and no one was surprised he did it. People were angry in the party that he did, but no one was surprised. And and it's gonna be a challenge to get him to focus on policy. It's not what he likes. He likes a personality contests. 'cause when he ran against Hillary Clinton that served him well, a personality contest against Kamala Harris. And as you yourself acknowledge this, this very talented communicator on the ticket with him, with her, it's gonna be difficult to win that personality contest.


In fact, probably impossible. I think he can win against her. But she needs to be fronted. Not this version, not this version of her, not the version of her. Oh, the press is now, you know, I mean the yes, the profiles this Version too, but I agree the press is profile is creating a false caricature. Can I, can I read you one thing? Those in the New York Times that I just find so hilarious. So all this coverage of her is so fawning about her cooking and her going to restaurants and, but, so this is from the New York Times story about the buddy buddy relationship between her and the vice president. Ms. Harris, a black woman in the unrelenting spotlight of national politics wears broad shoulder suits, pearls and heels, sometimes crisp chucks. She marshals an arch brow, a studied hand flip, carefully curated sentences.


Her wave is controlled. Her eyes always fixed on a distant point. Her movements smooth. That's like from a poetry contest sponsored by the D nnc about why do you love Vice President Harris that's in the New York Times? They have never written a paragraph like that about Donald Trump. And so I say again, did you Make it carefully curated sentences, Carefully curated sentences. Her wave is controlled. I don't even know what that means. Her wave is controlled. Like her eyes always fixed. Exactly. Her eyes always fixed on a distant point. Again, don't know what that means. Her movement's smooth. So when you say she, he can't win a personality contest against her, he can't win a personality contest against the Julia Louise Dreyfus Veep real life Veep version of her.


But the version of her who's performed exceedingly well, again, not a partisan statement, a factual one in the controlled settings where she's the candidate of the future who now has rallies that rival his in terms of enthusiasm and crowd size and that they've become cultural events, transcending political events. That version of her, I don't know that he can win a personality contest. 'cause If, you ask Trump supporters, why don't you like him? It's his personality. Even his own voters don't like it. And the 50% plus people in the country Yeah. And the 50% plus people in the country who don't like him, they hate his personality. So I do think she can, he can't win a personality contest against this version of Kamala Harris.


You know, it, it occurs to me, mark that after Trump was almost assassinated and then we went to the RNC, Republicans were jubilant for many reasons. But one of them was they had just had a near death experience their candidate had. And as a result they had, yeah, it was scary. They were relieved. He was okay. They were relieved. The country was not gonna go through whatever would've followed. Yeah. And they were feeling good in the polls of course, too. Well the Democrat party had its own near death experience as a result of that debate. And Joe Biden falling precipitously in the polls in places like Rhode Island, places like New Mexico, places like Minnesota.


And they knew it that they were on the brink and now they're back. They're back from the dead. And they're having that same exaltation, the exuberating that comes with having dodged a bullet. And that's one of the things we're seeing at the Kamala Harris rallies now. Not, not necessarily about her, the woman Yeah. But their chances. I'll give you the last Word. Totally agree. Totally agree. Megan. And you, you felt it in the, in the halls in Milwaukee. Right. Relief, unity, and excitement about a unified future. You're gonna feel that in Chicago, I'm quite certain, at least in the hall relief, as you said, same kind of feeling. Few, we dodged a bullet, a figurative bullet that Joe Biden is no longer heading a doom ticket.


A sense of unity fostered in part by the, the for the party. A a historic top of the ticket and a new vice president who's universally popular within the Democratic party's elite level. And then again, a sense of purpose of we can win this thing in, in Milwaukee. They were sure they were gonna win. Now Republicans are less competent than Democrats. She's taken two things away from Donald Trump. She's take and, and, and from his party confidence and excitement. And he's gonna have to figure out how to get those back. 'cause she's probably gonna have that this week with all the, the she events. She's gonna do cookie cutter from last night in the battleground states and then during the week of the convention.


So he needs to figure out how to take it back the end of August into September. Confidence and enthusiasm have been Donald Trump's hallmarks. And I'm sure he is a more than a little bit confused and frustrated that those have been taken away from him by someone who even Joe Biden and Barack Obama wouldn't have said a few months ago, had any chance of being the confident and enthusiasm candidate Even they underestimated this, the Yeah. And what it will do. Yeah. Mark, great to see you. Good to see you. Thank you, man. Okay. Back with a very interesting guest on Tim Wall's military history At the rally last night in Philadelphia, governor Tim and also spoke about his military career and how he quote proudly wore the uniform of this nation governor and joined the National Guard when he was 17 years old and served for 24 years.


But some veterans who served with Mr and say when the nation and his fellow soldiers needed him most Mr. and retired instead of being deployed to Iraq effectively, that he dodged it. He saw it coming and instead of fulfilling his obligation, he left early and ran for office. One of the service members publicly criticizing Mr. and is Tom Behrends. And he joins me now. Tom, thank you so much for being here. So you served with Mr. Walz in the same unit, is that right? I was in the same battalion in 2004 and then I got, I got promoted into the division, division artillery, actually the Vardy.


And then he stayed in the, one of the 1 2 5 and was selected to be the acting Command sergeant major at that time. So we were, we were together in, in the Europe deployment that we did in oh three and oh four. Okay. Right. You both of you were overseas in Europe, not in Iraq or Afghanistan as of that time, but then in early 2005, my understanding is your unit got notified that it was going to be deployed to Iraq Correct. It, it got a warning order, which basically gets everybody prepared that hey, this is coming. You know, get your, get your will in order, you know, let your family know, pack your bags, you know, all that type of stuff.


You know, get, you know, we're gonna be training just kind of prepares you to get in the mindset that Yep, you're gonna be gonna war or wherever you're, wherever you're going in your, in your deployment. And he at that time was the command sergeant major of the unit. He was a Yep. That acting is kind of what we call it. You're conditionally promoted at that point. You where, you know, when, when you receive the Rank If, you don't have the Sergeant Major's Academy completed, then you are conditionally promoted on the condition that you pass those requirements. You know, which number one is, is, is, is attending and passing the United States Army Sergeant Majors Academy, which is in Fort Bliss, Texas.


Texas. And then the other one is, is staying in the military for two years after they've invested all that money in your, in your education. And for the record, he did neither of those things, but no, he did not. Let's start, let's start with the Iraq deployment because you, you, the unit including MR and gets the notification that you're about to be deployed to Iraq in 2005 when it was, it was rough over there. And he had, we know from the reporting by Alpha News, he had in 2001 signed a commitment to stay for another six years. He reenlisted for another six years, which would've put his departure date at 2007 from the National Guard.


Correct. Instead, he left, he retired before your unit got deployed. Correct. And when this controversy came up, when he first ran for office, he tried to say I only reenlisted for four years, which would've taken him to 2005 and still would've not excused him leaving before the deployment. It still was too early. But the truth is, it was six years. He should have been there through 2007 according to Alpha News, which got its hands on the National Guard documents. In particular, his report of Separation and military service form showing he reenlisted for six years with his service obligation being complete on September 18th, 2007.


I wanna tell the audience, when Alpha News reached out to Walz to clarify the inconsistencies between his story and the official documents they had obtained, the campaign quote would not answer questions on the duration of Waltz's reenlistment. So let's go back to you. It's 2005. Instead of going with the unit and being the command sergeant major in Iraq, he quits. And what happens next to you and the other guys you're serving with? Well, in, in the fall of oh four, just stepping back a little bit, when, when the selection process was done, I was selected to, to position in Devar, which is Division Artillery, which is, you know, he, he was selected into the, one of the 1 2 5 Field Artillery Battalion, which I was a member.


We were both first sergeants together. So, you know, the, I went one way, I went to Varde to division, he stayed in the 1 2 5. And then when the, when the warning order came out, the 1 2 5 ended up being part of the first brigade. So they, they were the ones that were after notified that they were gonna war. And I was at division and division wasn't notified. So I was kind of like, well, I, it must not be my time, you know, I'm in division, I'm, I'm here, I'm just gonna keep working and, you know, division gets activated, I'll go. But that's, that's what happened with that at that point. So I real, I wasn't in the 1, 2 5 at that point, one of the 1 2 5 field artery, and he was, so when, when oh five rolled around, he got notified.


I mean, they all knew what was gonna happen. I mean, it was right on the documents. It was gonna be Iraq, the warning order was out there from March until May and then May rolled around and the rumor came out across the state that he had, he had quit, turned his stuff in and, and slithered down the steps out of the armory and, and had quit and retired and, and everybody was in shock because senior NCOs don't do that. I mean that you, you basically train for years and years. You're with your soldiers. Your soldiers are literally like your kids almost. I mean, you, you've watched them grow up, you've helped them shoot guns and learn how to do the radio stuff and, you know, fix wounds, If you can and different things.


And then, then all of a sudden when it's time to go, go do your thing with that you quit. I mean, that just absolutely was just, it was just disgusting. It was, people were like, well, what is he a coward? Whatever. Nobody knew what the answer was. And then, and I pretty much knew, well, I'm all call because I'm a 13 Bravo artillery guy and you know, and I then I got the call about a, not quite a month later. I mean, it was a few weeks and then they, you know, they, my colonel called and, you know, it was just weird. I was out in one of my farm fields and I was talking to him and he's like, well, you know, you're, we're asking you to go. And, and then there was a horseshoe laid on the ground and I always called it my Lucky horseshoe.


But other people said, how can you say that's lucky you went to War And? it was like, well, I gotta serve my country in a greater capacity and I gotta help protect my soldiers and, and do whatever I could to make the deployment as as good as it could be. 'cause it was, you know, like you said, it was a tough time in, in country then. So you went and how long was the unit deployed for? We were gone all the way until July of 2007. So when we started in, it was 22 months total. We had a, a six month train up at Camp Shelby, Mississippi. And then, then we ended up, we're supposed to be a year in country. It was supposed to be an 18 months deployment.


But then the, all the secar violence started in, you know, in oh six, late oh six and, and in January of seven. And we got extended to, to help out. We, we were involved in the surge basically, but we were already in country. So they just kept us in place and, and move more soldiers into Detroit to call the violence. Can you, can you just give us a feel for how rough that time was? I remember covering it as a reporter in 2006 was when the beheadings started, it just started to get very, very dark, even darker than you'd expect for war. You were there, so were the men who had served under him.


He was supposed to be there according to these documents. Right. What was it like for you guys? Well, I, when I got home, I kind of looked at, at some of our ground squirrels running around and, you know, they're always on the alert. They're looking for a to fly down or a badger to dig them out the hole. I mean, you're, you're always think down, down. I mean, I didn't, we didn't even, we didn't know really that we were even gonna get out of there until we got on the last Chinook to fly out. And even then there was stuff flying in the air at us chasing us out of country almost. I mean, it was really a trying time.


And, you know, it was, it was, they are, they are a thinking enemy. I mean, Iran was behind all of the crap that was shot on us. I mean, it was from the explosive form projectiles to the mortars, to the catusa rockets, to the training of the people that went across the border and then came back and then used all those tactics, techniques and procedures against us. I mean, they, they literally were the, you know, the, the people behind the scenes in our area. We were Shiite areas. So they, they were the, they were the, you know, the people killing us were the proxies of Iran. And when Donald Trump got rid of salami, Sala Sami or whatever his name was, he was the architect of all the people in my area that died.


I mean, he was the, he has 3000 people on his head, I think. but that, yeah, it was a, it was a, it was a rough time. I mean, we, we did what we could and, and kept everybody safe as much as we could. We, we drug out some old one 20 M meter mortars and, and shot 'em back at 'em and, you know, kind of got them, they didn't like getting shot at, I'll tell you that, that that kind of put them on their toes, but, Well, I bet I know that you wrote in October of 18 on Facebook, you've been trying to raise this issue. I should point out, you've been trying to raise this issue since he first ran for Congress. Once he ran for governor, you, you tried to tell the media in Minnesota, you need to know the truth about him, that he left us.


He, he quit and almost nobody picked up the story. The papers that you sent your letter to wound up endorsing him like the Star Tribune and ignoring you. And so this is the first time you, you're really getting, I think, a, a national audience to, to say what you say is the truth about governor. and, and Alpha News confirms you posted something in 2018 when he ran for governor, along with two others, with, with another, another retired Army Command Sergeant Major who is named Paul Hur. And before posting the letter, you wrote a message on why you wanted to bring this story out. It reads it part as follows, A nine 11, as I lowered the flags to half staff at the Brewster Veterans Memorial, I gazed at the bronze likeness of Sergeant Kyle Miller, who was killed in action in Iraq on June 29th, 2006 at age 19, while serving in the one 25th Field artillery bat battalion.


I wondered what that patriot thought that day in 2001, a teenager in school. And I wondered what all the other patriots who had joined the service after nine 11 thought on that day when they joined, we were at war, which we still are. And getting the call to go is probably going to happen. What if everybody said, sorry, I've got better things to do. We are the land of the free because of the brave. We are not the land of the free because of those who ran. The citizens of the state of Minnesota deserve to hear this side of the story, not just a sli politician's version of what he wants people to hear. Do you feel, Tom, that he cut and ran, that he abandoned the unit?


Absolutely. I, I look back on what took place then. I mean, it wasn't like, oh, I just happened to get out and then a week later the paper came out and the warning order came out and I just happened to time it just right. And I knew that was gonna happen. I mean, the, the pa the warning order was already out. Everybody knew they were going. And I don't know if he is never responded why to anybody really, except that well, I I hadn't quit to run for Congress, which is a lie. Like when a lot of the other ones, a lot of the lies he kept tells, I mean, but he, he basically said that. But you know, I don't know if he was a coward when he originally did it or if he felt, well, I'm in over my head.


If I go there, I'm, I'm gonna get people killed. Or I'm, you know, maybe deep down he felt I'm incompetent. You know, I mean, you, you can't talk your way on a somebody shooting at you in, in, in a scenario like that. And, you know, he's very good at talking and, and, you know, doing that. I mean, I gotta give him credit there. He, he loves hearing himself talk, but I don't know, you know, and, and on the end of it, I think the, the reason he quit was political because it was, you know, back then one side was kind of, it was George Bush's war And. it was an unjust war and why were we there and all this stuff, you know, And it was like, you know, I think, I think the bottom line is maybe it's all of the above, you know, maybe there is some color that's in there too.


But you know, that, that was the thing. It was like we were there and I was at a, a huge bunker complex where there was bunkers that were blown all the pieces, but then there were some that were locked yet. And EOI said, told the EODE explosive ordinances disposal guy, I said, well maybe there's weapons of mass destruction in there. And he said, well, I ain't open up. He said, I got enough work to do, clean all these rounds that are laying all over the desert out there, And. it was like, well, where's the media when it comes to this? I mean, they, they didn't show any of that. But I mean, there, there was all kinds of possibilities that there was more there than anybody said. But, you know, everything got skewed then. And, you know, it was just, it was like an unjust thing. And I think that's the bottom line.


But yeah, he, he literally, you know, when I, when I looked into, you know, the Star Tribune reporter I talked to way back when, he actually said, well, isn't that treason? And I said, well, treason is probably one level over and above what he did. I said, because that's selling your, the country out to another nation. You know, if you're a, a double agent spy or something. I mean, that, that's one thing, you know, he is a traitor because a trade, a traitor is basically a person who betrays the country. And that is what he did. And then I, you know, I got thinking about it about like this, that bird doll guy that just walked away from his unit in Afghanistan, And, it was like, you know, that literally is what Tim and did.


He is a desert too, you know, And it, it's a different version of it. But a soldier who leaves or runs away from service or duty with the intention of never returning, that is exactly what he did. He had no intention of ever coming back into guard or filling, filling out one more day in combat boots when he pulled the plugin was gone. He basically said, tough crap, United States. I'm getting the heck outta here. And yeah, that, that's, I'm not ashamed to call him a traitor or deserve. You did your duty and served the country honorably. So did Kyle Miller, who was killed in that same unit, 19 years old from Wilmar, Minnesota.


When an IED hit his convoy on June 29th, 2006, he was among the 2,600 Minnesotans deployed in March, 2005 in the largest overseas deployment of the Minnesota National Guard since World War ii. Tim Walz wasn't there. He was running for congress two years short of the time in which his deployment or his service was supposed to end. And unfortunately, that's not the entire story because there's the question in Governor Wallace's case of Stolen Valor And, it relates to that title Command Sergeant Major that Tom and I just mentioned. We'll take a dive into what he's doing with that as Tom stays with us through the break.


Don't go away. What really bothers me about Tim Waltz as a Marine who served his country in uniform when the United States Marine Corps, when the United States of America asked me to go to Iraq to serve my country, I did it. I did what they asked me to do it, and I did it honorably. And I'm very proud of that service. When Tim Waltz was asked by his country to go to Iraq, you know what he did? He dropped outta the army and allowed his unit to go without him. A fact that he's been criticized for aggressively by a lot of the people that he served with. I think it's shameful to prepare your unit to go to Iraq to make a promise that you're gonna follow through and then to drop out. Mm. And the thing is, welcome back to the Megyn Kelly Show back with me now military veteran Tom Behrends. The thing is, Tom, he was the commander.


I mean, he was in, in a position of command. And so this wasn't just like losing someone who is low down on the food chain and in a lateral position as the enlisted guys. He was responsible for these men. You are correct. And I would say amen to, to Mr. Vance there, because to do all that and then the drop out, it's just absolutely disgusting. And, and you know, he, he's the senior enlisted advisor to the, to the battalion commander. And I mean, you're literally, you, you're attached at the hip. The two of you will lead five to 600 soldiers and they, they all rely on you to make good decisions.


They rely on you to keep them safe, fed, housed. Well, but I mean, you know, it, it's just absolutely amazing that somebody I'm, I'm just absolutely disgusted in in that. That's why if if's just such a, a mission of mine to make sure the public knows the character of this person because it's just not, it, it's horrible leadership. It ain't even, leadership shouldn't even be in that category. It's, it is not just you. As I pointed out to our audience, Paul Hare her, another retired army command sergeant Major has spoken out about this. Tony Wenzel retired platoon sergeant for the Minnesota arm, arm and National Guard said to Alpha News that he could never vote for Tim.


and as our governor, when he abandoned his fellow soldiers, as he did quote, it sickens me to realize that Tim and in the face of being deployed to Iraq would quit when the going looked tough. He bolted. Good soldiers don't do that. And there have been many others who have spoken out about what they consider a dereliction of duty. I do wanna point out, just yesterday, the Harris campaign tweeted out a soundbite from him from 2018 where he seems to be suggesting he was quote, in war, in war, take a listen to this Hope woke up like many of you did five weeks ago.


And dad said, dad, you're the only person I know who's in elected office. You need to stop what's happening with this. I'll take my kick in the butt for the NRAI spent 25 years in the Army and I hunt and I gave the money back. And I'll tell you what I have been doing. I've been voting for common sense legislation that protects the Second Amendment. But we can do background checks. We can do CDC research, we can make sure we don't have reciprocal carry among states, and we can make sure that those weapons of war that I carried in war is the only place where those weapons are at. Now, Tom, he did go to Italy in 2003. Afghanistan was underway at that time. Not yet. Iraq memory serves, I'm trying to remember the exact date, but he was in Italy, so could that arguably be quote in war?


Well, maybe it felt like war to him. I guess it's not technically war That's not a combat zone. You're not getting combat pay in there and you're not in war. That, that is just absolutely just another Tim and lie out there. And, and the people listening to it probably believe it because they don't know any better. I mean, he, he had it out there that he was in in Italy and supporting troops that went to Afghanistan or some BS story. And yeah, there's, that's, I think I, you know, I, I guess I'm pretty sure Iraq was, you know, starting and going on at that time to a certain point. It started in oh three. I just don't know when. Yeah. You know, on Yeah, we, we were there because I'm pretty sure when we were there, we got the, we got the notification that Saddam had been, had been captured, you know, 'cause he was on, you know, they were hunting him basically from, you know, whatever time.


And I'm pretty confident it was like December of three when they, when they caught him. And I know we, you know, everybody was elated, you know, that we finally bought that dirty dictator that had done horrible things to his, his people and his country for years and years, you know, and, and maybe things would finally change that. That was, yeah, he, he, that is just amazing. I can't believe he, you'd think a lightning bull was struck right there. Well, can you, can you help us understand why that's such a big deal? Right? Because I think there might be some people at home saying like, eh, you know, in war he was kinda war adjacent. He was in Italy helping support the guys who were in war.


Is it a big deal to say you were in war when you weren't actually in combat? Yeah, it's a huge deal for veterans. And. it should be a huge deal for the general public out there, because basically it's proof that you're a liar. And if you're just lying for political gain or you're lying just to, just because you think that's what the people you're talking to wanna hear, that that's not good. As a, as a leader of a country, I mean, to me that's just, i I it's un indescribable how somebody can do that. You know, as far as the, you know, go soldiers out there, there's an awful lot of 'em that, I mean, before, before 2000, I had never been too war.


I had never been, I've been overseas training here and there we were in a cold war, which technically was a war. We didn't fire a shot, but we, we built things up to the point where we, we broke the Soviet Union without having to be in a hot war with them, which was good. But, you know, for somebody to say they've been in war and they're not, that is, you know, like the saying has been Stolen Valor, you're basically out there acting like you're something that you're not. And that's, that's not a good thing that that's bold faced lying. And I think every soldier knows that. I mean, I just think every soldier knows there's a distinction between being in war and being in a position to support the guys who are actually in the war.


And most soldiers would never dream of saying they'd fought in it when they hadn't. Though Senator Richard Blu, Richard Blumenthal of Connecticut certainly did and was nonetheless elected to Senator as a Democrat. Notwithstanding, there's another question of Stolen Valor, which I teased before the break. And that is this position of Command Sergeant Major, which he held for a short time conditionally as you outlined before. He needed to complete some other things in order to actually have the title, which he didn't. But now, repeatedly since he left, he's referred to himself as a retired command sergeant major, and he's allowed others to introduce him and call him that.


Here's just an example. I'm a retired command sergeant Major. I spent 24 years in the Army National Guard. So when you first came to Washington, you were a retired command sergeant major in the Army National Guard. So you were drawn immediately to As a 24 year veteran of the National Guard and the Red Bull Division, and a retired command sergeant Major. So why do you think that's not true? Why do you have an issue with him doing that? Because it is not true. He, he is not a retired command command sergeant Major. He's a retired master sergeant. When he failed, dropped when he dropped out of the Sergeant Major's Academy.


And when he quit, the obligations were not fulfilled for his conditional promotion. So he ended up being reduced to master sergeant. So his retirement, which he's 60 now, which he is probably drawing his E eight Master sergeant, he is not a retired command sergeant. Major I, the state of Minnesota even brought it out to, well, he can't call himself retired command Sergeant Major, but he can say he served as, which, you know, technically he was an acting command sergeant major for a few months, and then he didn't fulfill responsibilities and the, and the conditions. And he, and he was, was reduced. So, you know, they kind of came, came around and hee hawed that, well, yeah, he can, he can say he served as one, but he's right there on, on video and audio that he's says he is a retired command sergeant major.


And, and he's not. That's part of the reason that I brought this whole thing out in 2016, I believe was, was when he came down to a memorial here and in Harron Lake, Minnesota. And he spoke and he did the same thing to them. He know the public, he was in the first District of Congress, the United House of Representatives, and he, he basically said that he was a retired command sergeant major. There was a writeup in the paper And, it was in there six, seven times. And he tooted his horn, how he was the highest ranking, whatever. And one of my neighbors said, well, I, you know, he knew why he went to Iraq. And he was like, I got to meet a, a fellow command sergeant, major of yours. And I said, he is not one.


I said, he didn't fulfill the obligations and, and his son-in-Law is in the military in South Dakota. And, and he was like, we don't know that. Who, who's gonna, you need to get this out there. And I'm like, why do I gotta do this? I just wanna be back here in southwest Minnesota and, and live my life, you know? And, and he's like, well, somebody's gotta bring it out there. And I was like, okay. I guess, I guess I'm the one chosen that. So I, I wrote a letter to Mr. and, and I basically said, you know, this is a lie. Can you just please correct the record? If somebody calls you a retired command sergeant major, can you please just tell them that that is not true and just come clean. I I, I gave him the opportunity. He didn't say a damn word to me. And so I sent it to the, to the other departments in Washington that he was on the, on the committees with.


And I told them, oh, I said, he's not a retired command sergeant Major, I'd appreciate it. And everybody else out there that, that is a actual command sergeant major would appreciate it if he would cease and desist lying to everyone. And, you know, then he, then he started losing in the first district and he ran for governor. And then, you know, our, our state co you know, they had the great Minnesota cover up with him, basically, where they didn't want this to get out too much. So they kind of, kind of hit it. But, you know, now, now that he's on the national stage, I think people need to, they absolutely need to know the truth before, yeah, he gets any More published position. They, how about all those actual Sergeant Command Sergeant Majors who went through the two year training, did their duty served the country for that additional time, earned the title.


Why should he be running around saying he's retired with that rank when he didn't actually earn it, it was a conditional title that he didn't actually earn, earn it out. And now it is Stolen Valor. I agree with you, you've convinced me. I didn't totally understand it. I confessed before we chatted Tom, but that's just wrong. I mean, the titles in military service matter. They, they show that you've been elevated for a reason. You've done some extra work, you've done some extra, you know, things of honor in some cases. But the medals, the titles, they're there for a reason. They are. And that's part of the, part of the reason the Stolen Valor stuff came out when it did, because you had people out there that were wearing a, a Combat Infantry badge or a, or a Silver Star or a Bronze Star or a, or a combat action badge, or they had service stripes that showed they were overseas for two years and, you know, and then they came out with it.


And I, I think they actually said that. Well, yeah, that's kind of a, a weird way to have a freedom of speech thing. But you know, this whole Command Sergeant major thing is, you know, there's thousands of people that have went through the academy and, and have served honorably and all the way up to the United States, United, United States, army Command Sergeant Major, who know the top dog of all of them. And you know, they, everybody put in their time and they devotion to duty and their loyalty and their integrity and respect for others and their selfless service. And, and you got this guy out. I mean, I, I, I met, met, you know, a couple e nines and a couple colonels in a airb base one time, and they were just waiting for a flight.


And then I found out later that their helicopter got shot down and there were seven of 'em on there. And they, there was a female CSM from Iowa and they, they all, they all got killed and they're buried in Arlington. And it's like, you know, somebody needs to speak for them to keep somebody like this from being able to hang on their coattails and say, yeah, I was a CSM, I was a command sergeant major, I was in, we gotta stop these weapons of war. I was in war. I mean, what is going on with this guy If you? I think he's lived the life so long. He believes it himself, Tom, we reached out to him to get a reaction to what we anticipated you would be saying.


No response. He did give a response back in October 2nd, 2022 to the Star Tribune and said quote, I don't know if Tom just disagrees with my politics or whatever, but my record speaks for itself and my accomplishments in uniform speak for itself. So is there just a political disagreement between you? He is suggesting this is just, this is just political. I responded to him back then too, and I said, this is not political. This is patriotic. And I mentioned this the other day too, to somebody. I said, it doesn't matter if you're red and yellow, red or yellow, black or white Republican or Democrat or whatever you are If you abandoned your post when you should be there and quit then, then you are nothing to me.


And you are nothing to a lot of soldiers out there. There might be a few that say, well, yeah, he had over 20 years that he could get out. Well, yeah, technically that is true, but should he have gotten out? Absolutely not. He was the head, one of the head people up there. For him to do that was just absolute desertion and traitor. If he'd have done that back when the first Minnesota marched off to war, when President Lincoln asked our governor for troops, if Tim and would've been in back then, well, what, what he had done walked back to Nebraska and said, well, I've got better things to do than go fight the Civil War. I, no, I don't know. I mean, I don't know if it was coward or don't want to get shot or whatever.


Nobody wants to get shot, but somebody's gotta take the bullet. I mean, that's, that's what the heck happens in war. It, it's just absolutely disgusting. God bless those of you who take those risks for the country. I should say to the point you just raised, there are some who've defended him in. When the Star Tribune eventually wrote about this, which was 2022, you had raised it years earlier. Joseph Eustis, who served 32 years in the National Guard, told them he was a great soldier when he chose to leave. He had every right to, and that the attacks on and is record may have been made by disgruntled soldiers who were passed up for promotions. Another man, Al Bonfield, who served under and talked to Minnesota Public Radio and said he weighed the decision to run for Congress for a long time.


He loved the military, the guard, and the soldiers he worked with that he'd been eyeing a run for Congress earlier than 2005. And he responds to that Tom, that really, these are just, all those of you who I've mentioned are just disgruntled guys who are passed up for promotions. Well, it, it's a, it's a nice take on it. And I, I wrote a letter to the paper where, where Joe useless was at too. Joe, Joe took my position after I retired and he actually deployed, deployed to Kuwait in 2011 when the drawdown hit. And, you know, I responded to him, I said, you know what, you know, what is it is, did you write that because you're disgruntled that and got picked over you at that time?


I mean, that, that was, it was just, just a, you know, it's, it's another one of those things I don't, I don't know what Joe was thinking himself, CSM and or not CSM eu this, but it had absolutely nothing to do with that. You know, I mean, the selection was made at that time. You know, there, there was a, there was a board, you know, of all the senior May Maycom CSMs, they call them. And they selected who they did. I got, I got selected for SGM before he got selected for CSM. So there's no, there's no disgruntled on my side because I, I literally, my data rank, if he'd have stayed in and had that rank legitimately, I would've had days on him because I was selected first for the SGM position.


Then the CSM position opened up later. So, I mean, for him to say that, I mean, he, he can say whatever he wants. It's not true. I mean, I, I don't feel that myself. I mean, that's Okay. Lemme ask you one last question 'cause we're almost outta time. It's very possible that if Tim and, and Kamala Harris win this election, he could eventually become president of the United States, God forbid something happens to her, or just if and when she passes the baton to her vice president, could you vote for this guy to be potential commander in chief? Absolutely not. I mean, I, I'm not, I'm, you know, I, I'm, I guess I'm, I'm in the moderate to, to right leading person.


I mean, I'm not, you know, there's never been anybody out on that side that I wanna vote for. And especially him, I mean, just with his, the policies that have happened in Minnesota, he doesn't give a dang about the 49% that lost the vote. I mean, it's, it's all about who the, the 51% were. And he rams all of, all of his radical policies down that side of the, down that side of the everybody's throat. Which, which is a sad thing. I mean, If, you're gonna be a leader. You gotta lead for everybody. You can't just lead for the side. There's no way I vote for, don't, I, I, they're like the party of chameleons right now. I mean, if they, if they go to Georgia, they wanna talk geor like a Georgia person.


And if they, if they come and talk to, if Tim comes and talks to veterans of Minnesota, he acts like, well, I'm doing everything for the veterans. And then when the vote comes down, then he, then he slams the door on him and wherever they stick, you know, that's the color they change. And then all of a sudden they, you know, they go to the next one and then, then they, they jump on them and they, they say what they wanna hear there. Well, listen, it takes some courage to tell this story publicly so many times as you have, trying to make sure it gets out there. Not to mention that, to pick up the gun and actually go into combat as you did and lost fellow servicemen. Thanks so much, Tom, for all of it. We respect you. We appreciate you. Thank you.


Wow. What a story. I know we have a lot of military watching this show, and I would love to get your reaction. You can email me, you know, it's megan@megankelly.com, M-E-G-Y-N-I do read all the emails. Sometimes there are hundreds and hundreds, but I read them, my gal Meg dorm puts 'em together and sends 'em to me. And they all, they make me laugh because a lot of 'em say, I know you're not gonna read this. I'm reading them, so please send me your thoughts. Boy oh boy, that's, that's disturbing. And it's, you know, trying to maintain my objectivity. 'cause I'm definitely not gonna vote for this man. But those are disturbing allegations and we certainly hope that he will respond to our request for comment, especially on why his story of having a four year reenlistment does not jive at all with his actual documents as obtained by Alpha News.


We'll follow up on it if and when they get back to us. Up next, two of the best follows on X Red Ste, Steven Miller and Receipt Master Drew Holden, don't go away.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly, Megan Kelly If. you can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Joining me now, Stephen L Miller, contributing editor at the spectator and host of the Versus Media podcast and Drew Holden, author of Holden Court Substack, they are a must follow each of them on XI love these accounts. Red Ste and Drew Holden 360 guys, welcome to the show. Thanks for having me back, Megan, Thanks for having me. The pleasure's all mine. All right, so there's a lot to get through. I I don't even know where to start, but let's just start with where we just left off. So, governor and is accused of Stolen Valor stealing a title that he did not earn and running around saying he's a retired command sergeant Major when he's not saying that he fought in war, we had guns in war, which he never fought in war.


He was in Italy in a supporting role, never went to Afghanistan or Iraq in a combat role. Abandoned his unit apparently two years earlier than his enlistment date was, and then appears to have lied about it publicly. At least that's the allegation. He won't respond no to us and he wouldn't respond to Alpha News when they found the actual documentation and then has the nerve to go out on the stump and attack JD Vance, who actually did serve as a Marine and deployed to Iraq. I do think it's interesting in light of the heat that's already coming down on him for what happened in Minnesota during the BLM riots guys, where that's another situation in which, let's face it, he was out to lunch as Minneapolis burned Jacob Fry, the mayor says he's on record.


Like I kept calling the guy. He said he'd send help. The National Guard never came. A police precinct burned down, and once again, it appears Tim and did not answer the 3:00 AM phone call very effectively. Drew. Yeah, that's unfortunately right, Megan, I mean, you know, it's, it's interesting to me because in a normal universe, I think this would, this would be a really valuable role for the mainstream media to play to fact check these sorts of things, right? As you mentioned, the comments from the mayor are on the record. You could very easily go back and look and say, Hey, this guy who's now been nominated for vice president, he is, he doesn't actually pass muster on a lot of these things, he said.


And instead we have a media who's focused on his vibes, right? He's passed the vibe check. And so somehow it's no longer interesting what he had done before, and whether or not what he had done before is actually consistent with what he's saying. Now. Our connection is a little wobbly there. Let me, let me ask you, Steven, because the, the mayor of Minneapolis at the time, Jacob Fry is all over the record on just how bad he thought Governor Walz did in handling this nightmare and deploying the National Guard. And we've put together a soundbite of some of that from the time, listen, at 6 28 Wednesday afternoon, mayor Jacob Fry's, communication director Michael Vokovich, will text a small circle of advisors. Mayor just came out and said, the chief wants him to call in the National Guard for help at Third Precinct.


Mayor appears intent on doing word on the ground is it's really crazy and escalating. Texted back a senior advisor, but a couple hours later at 8 0 8 Kovich will relay a message from the mayor, quote, he said, and was hesitating This was a guard sized crisis and demanded a guard sized response. Do you Feel like the National Guard was slow, walked into Minneapolis for whatever reason? I recognized that they're coming from all around the state, pretty much when the very first window broke on a private business, I called the governor and I asked for the National Guard, But state officials have said the city had no detailed plan for the National Guard.


And the state argued the National Guard was a poor choice anyway, to handle civil unrest. But the next morning, Thursday at 10:55 AM Mayor Fry sends a formal request for the Minnesota National Guard, but the guard was never a major presence in Minneapolis that night. By 9 36 that night, the third precinct was surrounded by fire and chaos. Mayor Fry will text Chief Arradondo calling the governor regarding third precinct now Arradondo precinct being evacuated, now protestors reaching the precinct now. And finally, all officers evacuated by Friday afternoon, the city still smoldering. The guard was all in a senior aide sends a text.


Maine update from state is that they're mobilizing the entire guard and that this has switched from a protest to intentional destruction, Little late to the party. That was a Fox nine report with an interview with the mayor. Go ahead, Steven. Fire, but mostly peaceful governor. It would seem, I I, I mean, my guess my thing for the mayor is did kneeling not work to help this stuff? Ye yeah. I think it's interesting and, and it's tough following that veteran's, you know, story in, in his service. But basically I, I look at this and say, was Bo Bergdahl busy? Could he not join this ticket? Because it looks like Kamala Harris, it looks like Kamala Harris picked the most radical person and governor she could east of Gavin Newsom.


And so Drew kind of touched on that this election's gonna be about who Donald Trump is and who Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz pretend to be. And they're gonna have an entire media infrastructure behind them who's just gonna basically not push them for interviews, not push them to answer for record, not push to answer why Tim Waltz's wife thought smelling fires and burning bodies was a good thing. I'll play that soundbite that Steven just referenced. Gren Waltz is, Gwen is the wife of Tim Waltz, and in 2020 she gave an interview about what was, what she was experiencing during the George Floyd riots. Take a listen. I would say those first days, you know, when there were riots, I could smell the burning tires.


And that was, that was a very real thing. And I kept the windows open for as long as I could because I felt like that was such a touchstone of what was, what was happening. I don't know what that, what does that mean, Steven? She, she needed to smell the burning tires in order to feel connected to the rioters. I, yeah, I guess she needed to remember what burning small businesses down, you know, smelled like. And this is something that he's gonna have to answer for because you have Kamala Harris out here saying, we're not going back. We're not going back. Well, apparently she wants to take us back to the summer of 2020. And so I guess the good news or the bad news for us is if Trump wins, we're gonna get riots.


And if Kamala wins, we're gonna get riots and it's gonna be from the same exact people on both sides on the, on that side. So, you know, What struck me is listening to Jacob Pry in the, in the, in that report from Fox nine on the number of times the mayor was asking for help and didn't get the help you had Tim and come out and speak to this at the time about why he wasn't more responsive. I mean, this was obviously a very big deal. This is not just a 2024 retroactive story. Yeah. And listen to how he described it. Mayor Knew what he was asking for. He wanted the National Guard. What does that mean? I think to the mayor, yes. I think it's a perception. I'm certainly not questioning that. I think the mayor said, I requested National Guard. Phew, I'm out this great, we're gonna have massively trained troops. No, you're gonna have 19 year olds who are cooks.


So, But remember his service was great. They Insulting the National Guard for good measure. Yeah. Remember his service was impeccable and there's no blemishes. But here he is insulting 19-year-old national Guardsmen who apparently can't handle the job that he says he handled perfectly in his service. The, I mean, we're, we're 90 days out of this election and, and the Kamala and this guy's problem is, neither of them have been through a, a strong primary. And so the book hasn't even been opened on her yet. And now you have this guy where there's gonna be dozens and dozens of sound clips back there where he's com you know, he's calling socialism neighborly and, and things like that. And so that just Happened. Yeah. And so That was on the white guys for Kamala Zoom?


Yeah, it was, or yeah, it was like on s NBC or something like that. So Drew's drew hit this, right, that they have to run this vibe election and, and joy and things great. And he's our uncle and everything just, just as they have to run Kamala not on her record. And so what's interesting to me about her picking this guy is she spent the last two weeks walking back some of these policy proposals of hers, and now she just put a guy on the ticket that believes all of them. And so now she's back to snapping, back to having to defend this stuff, right? And so, you know, putting all of your chips in a debate, you know, Kamala Harris' hubris with come and debate me, coward is astounding given what happened to Joe Biden in a debate and what happened to Kamala Harris against Tulsi Gabbard.


And so they're, they really are writing this kind of razor thin Lady Obama type narrative. The problem is we're not coming off of eight, you know, eight years of Republican president. We're coming off of four years of Joe Biden record inflation for conflicts that have started under his presidency and that she has to both and Her vice presidency. Right. And she has to both explain that while trying to tell us she's taking us into the future. Well, or Does she, I mean the media, right? We've talked about this a bit with Mark. Halperin has been completely fine with her going underground, but for her prompter assisted rallies, right. You know, all two of them. And here's a sample drew of how the media has sounded in covering that.


As you point out Lady Obama, that's how she's getting treated. Watch. Yeah. I'm telling you, there seems to be a lot of, there's something appealing about a guy for people who say it is comfortable talking in a T-shirt and a baseball cap as he is talking in a suit, as he is talking in a tuxedo, His Midwestern appeal, that plain spoken way of talking that he has, he is a bit folksy. I think he got the hillbilly elegy against the real hillbilly. That is, that's that that's gonna be, you know, Yale versus the guy who's, you know, actually spent all of his time on the ground, you know, fixing F1 fifties. He Coined that that, that, that one word take down of the Trump bands team just calling the weird, that is something that really gained a, a fair amount of traction.


He's Like a Walking John Mellencamp song. I know one thing. He won't be talking about childless cat ladies or being racially divisive. That that's a step up from the other side. He's joyful when he is on the attack. He almost, you know, like does it with a wink and a smile and a a sense of humor when he is going after these guys. It was mesmerizing and you could just sense the power in the hall And. it was the power of joy. And these two people yesterday managed to put a smile on the nation's face. Oh my gosh. True, true. First of all, just on the, on the racially divisive charge, your side is literally holding racially segregated Zoom calls in its first week as a rollout for Kamala, but I'll let it leave it to you to unpack it, drew, Right?


I I think that's fair. You know, don't forget they picked Tim in part because he is a basic boring white man, right? That's, that's, that's what they've been saying all along the idea that somehow that side, right, the boring white guys for Kamala side is not the racially divisive party, I think is preposterous. Right? I think it's pretty nakedly preposterous, but I'll tell you for whatever reason that doesn't seem to be getting through to the media, who is cribbing all of that language. You know, you, you heard those couple quotes about Joy and how he's bringing joy to America. He's critical with joy. The Washington Post cribbed that same language in a headline they said that he's bringing joy. Like it's, it's, it's ridiculous on its face, but I think when it's then refracted back to everyone through the media who should be holding up this, this, you know, revealing mirror to candidates and instead you've got the vibes joy guy, and that's the, that that's not actually doing any due diligence about someone who might be a heartbeat away from the presidency.


Yeah. He's the vibes joy guy. And tr Trump and Vance are weird, even though, you know, governor Walz is just fine with chopping your child's penis off even though he is fortunate. Yeah. And that's not weird. Yeah. Right. That's, it's somehow the guy who mandates tampons and boys bathrooms for high schools is not a weird guy. Right. And it for fourth grade. Fourth grade, that's when it starts to Yeah, Elementary School start fifth, fifth, fifth. Yeah. Yeah, And, it's, it, it's one of those things too where you've got, you've got a framing that relies on what does the average Washington Post or New York Times editor consider weird. I would go so far as to say that perhaps that is not aligned with what most Americans and most voters think is weird.


I think people think that's a lot weirder and, okay, so Can I show this is a perfect place to bring in his lieutenant governor. She's a nut too. You guys may remember her. She got, she turned herself into a national news story not long ago in March of 23, long before we were thinking about this guy as the potential running mate for Kamala Harris because she said this insanity when he was signing one of his many crazy trans kids bills. Listen to Pen Peggy Flanagan in March of 2023, Because let's be clear, this is life affirming and life saving healthcare.


When our children tell us who they are, It is our job as grownups to listen and to believe them. That's what it means to be a good parent. Oh my God, do you remember the Steven? I wanted to be that nut case I wanted Ste So yeah, I wanted to be a Stego source when I was 12 and you know, parents didn't let me do that and now I ended up as a podcaster. So If you recall, she's also the one who was seen wearing the Protect trans kids knife shirts. So we, we can have, she's got on there talk about got, yeah, we can have that talk about what is and what is not stochastic terrorism, I guess if we want, I would not expect our media to basically suddenly jump in and start covering this stuff.


My grand theory of this election is that this is a Hillary Clinton do-over for them. We had Ezra Klein three years ago blaming coverage of Hillary's emails on, you know, why Trump won and not, you know, gamma not going to the state of Wisconsin for 104 days. And so they really do look at this as a Hillary Clinton do-over, we have another historic female candidate. We're not gonna let this one lose to Donald Trump this time. We're not gonna commit any mortal sins of doing our jobs and covering Kamala's past positions. And this whole weird thing really did spawn to kind of neutralize these hysterical laughing moments from Kamala Harris where she's the only one cackling. She's like, candidate Smile x.


And I really do believe that was deployed to neutralize anybody pointing that stuff out. And so, like what Drew said, they can pull this, these guys are just weird card all they want. But you know, these are the guys who are appearing in leather, leather dog masks on segregated zoom calls. And I guess If, you guys wanna do this joy election. I don't know how much joy people like me have having to chase down a clerk at a grocery store because laundry detergent is now locked up. And so these are things that, right, these are things that can't hide from, they can't hide from mass influx of immigrants on street corners with squeegees anymore. And that's not on them. They, you know, they're just trying to get by. But this is things people do notice.


They notice an influx of prices. They notice an influx of groceries being locked up. They notice an influx of, you know, homelessness and you can run on this, Hey, everything's great because this kind of was bored from like Paul Krugman the vibe economy and you guys can run on that. Good luck, I guess we're gonna see It's amazing, amazing that works or not. You're exactly right. Tell it to the family of Lake and Riley, how joyful right it is to have this woman in office. You know, tell it to the, to Chloe Cole who had her breast chopped off at age 15 by a medical community that's been captured by, by social craziness, pushing this stuff without any appreciation for the fact that a minor cannot give consent to that kind of a procedure in the name of gender affirming care, which he's onboard with 110%.


It's, it's amazing. But they picked him Drew because they think he's gonna help with working class Midwesterners. That he's got that, you know, John Mellencamp in a, in, in, you know, real life like a, a song, a John Mellencamp song, which I object to as a John Mellencamp fan. God Thers Hear Steve Kornacki, however of NBC with a hefty dose of realism for them on exactly how well Tim and does when it comes to actual working in middle class voters in Minnesota. Listen, I think that background, the small town background, the military background Democrats are hoping it's gonna help them here, here. This is Stearns County, this is in greater Minnesota.


This is similar to a lot of the, the terrain you see in Wisconsin, Michigan, Pennsylvania, and lost this by 23 points. How does that compare to Joe Biden in 2020? Joe Biden lost the same county by 23 points. How does that compare to Hillary Clinton in 2016? Hillary Clinton lost it by 28 points. And now here's the key. 'cause this county Democrats used to be much more competitive in, look at this, in 2012, Barack Obama won 43% of the vote in this county. The floor fell out for Democrats here when Trump came along in that Clinton race in 2016. And they haven't recovered it since and, and really owes his victory that big mar that margin. You got eight points there statewide.


He owes it to the Twin Cities area here, the area where Democrats in Minnesota and all these other states are already doing well. And the idea that he's got this automatic appeal with these small town areas in those three key battleground states, you don't see it in what he actually did on the ballot in 2022. Now that doesn't mean it can't happen, you know, see how this story, once it gets told how it does it resonate with voters. That's the thing Drew. He is not some working class whisperer. Yeah, exactly. I mean, I think it really, to me, what it highlights is how far can this vibes election sentiment actually go? Because the media may think that this guy is, you know, he typifies the working class and he, he's out there, what, you know, whatever, but he is a, died in the blood progressive.


Right? The things that he actually believes, which voters are aware of in Minnesota and beyond are not the sorts of, are not these folksy John Mellon campy types of, of, of values, right? And so it peeling back the layer, even just a tiny bit on his progressive policies. We talked about the the bathroom stuff, but also look at green energy, right? He's someone who has he by executive order and in his budget, he requires all providers of energy in the state to abandon traditional methods of energy by 2032. He wants a hundred percent green energy by law, mandated by law in Minnesota by 2032. You know, hopefully there's a, there's enough time in there for somebody to come in and fix that, but he's not, he, he's, he isn't this like every man sort of guy.


He is a radical progressive and the media might be able to hold him forward as, oh, well look at him. Doesn't he just look like someone who would be folksy and Midwestern and moderate, but, but he's not. He is very obviously not. Here's the other thing we talked about. We showed the lieutenant governor, you know, just do what your child wants. Your child deserves to get whatever they want. You know, you, you thought you were a stegosaurus, I thought I was a fairy named Tian. Okay? Didn't happen. You still could be. And and so that's his lieutenant governor. He seems just fine with that. Then there was an issue with a Florida teacher down in DeSantis estate where they had passed what the critics called the don't say gay bill, which just said you can't discuss sexual orientation and L-G-B-T-Q issues in curriculum, okay?


You can't discuss it in curriculum in the younger grades. And then later it got expanded. A Florida teacher defied that and showed a movie that celebrates the gay relationship of some young boys to a group of fifth graders. That's where I got fifth grade from the other one you tampons for fourth grade boys. Fifth grade boys were getting this film down in Florida, which was not okay. That's weird. It's very weird. That's weird. I I have a fifth grade boy. I, I don't, no, do not show 'em gay movies. The Florida teacher spoke out about her behavior. She got fired. Here's she was on CNN. Quickly, Those rights are gone when your child's in the public school system because there are students talking about these things.


It's where they get 90% of their socialization for the day. And we can't shut down every conversation. Every child has Parental rights. That's what she was referencing. They're gone when your kid, well guess why governor and is relevant. He came out publicly and said, come to Minnesota madam, you and any other Florida teacher, we want that kind of attitude right here in our schools. That messaging cost the Democrats or yeah. Cost the Democrats the last gubernatorial election. That's why we have a governor youngin when he took out, what's his name? The, the Clinton loving Democrat. McAuliffe. Yeah, McAuliffe. Thank you Terry McAuliffe.


Yeah. Minnesota is in the top five states of people fleeing the state in the last five years. They're one of the top states in bringing in immigrants. And that's both from the southern border and it's also from Ukraine and Russia even. And so that's another message that I think can be hit on is if he's such this great governor, folksy governor, why are people mass fleeing his states? And that's kind of why I said she really did basically say, okay, Gavin's not interested in playing. Number two, who can I get that's just like him And. it really, I mean if, if I'm Trump, it's as simple of If, you wanna win Wisconsin? Just hold up the photo of Tim Waltz posing with the Minnesota Vikings. Let's not overthink this stuff here. So this, oh, sports reference.


This really was, this really was a wild, this really was a wild choice. And. It's gonna, they're ba they're basically, we're seeing two, two candidacies that are basing on their base is their, they're trying to rev up both of their bases. And here you're gonna have a kind of moderate centrist, independent voters who are gonna sit here and go, okay, what's in this for me? And that's the danger of Heidi. I I tell you Steven, I'm scared though because he was very effective on the stump when you watched him last night. I know you, you were a fan, but couldn't you see Yeah, his oratory as skillful and I could see yeah, people being fool, fool by him. They're gonna try. Yeah. They're gonna try to sell him off as your happy drunken uncle at Thanksgiving. And again, the problem with only doing one debate.


'cause you know, as far as I know, we have one presidential debate, maybe one vice president's debate is the media not pressuring Kamala or Tim Waltz on these records that leaves them exposed in one debate. And so Kamala Harris, you're really gonna put all of your chips on Kamala Harris having one great performance in a debate where she's never really had a great performance. And the same goes for waltz. She, Okay, last time Around she got de cap. She got de cap. Well that's, you know, because she kind of just did the Joe Biden barking clown thing where she's not gonna be able to, I'm do that with Trump. Right? She's not really, she's gonna try to do these boss lady moments and stuff, but, and that takes me to, to Tim Waltz, who if the media's not gonna get this stuff out and pressure his record, JD Vance will do it on a stage and he's gonna have to account for it.


So yeah, he can do this kind of grand pappy yee-haw act on the, on the porch at Christmas. But again, there's not a lot that's really gonna sell. He doesn't, my family's from Wisconsin and I've been been back there tons of times. As Charlie Sykes will once tell you, he does not come off as folksy Minnesota. He comes off as the guy that M-S-N-B-C thinks is folksy Minnesota. Yep. And so All I can see when I look at him is like a guy with a scalpel coming for children. That's what I see when I look at Tim and Yeah, I I I Gotta ask, I end with this. I see the drunken neighbor on the ref who played Santa Claus. That's who I see. I gotta end with the fact that co bush went down in flames.


Yeah. Another member of the squad, first Jamal Bowman. Now Cory Bush gone but not forgotten. Here's a little montage of some of our favorite Cory Bush moments. Just 81 days after his 18th birthday, a Ferguson police officer killed him in a just world. Mike Brown would be with his loved ones right now, now dreaming of his future as he blows out the candles on his birthday cake. The effective tax rate on the middle class Okay. Is less than it is on the rich. Correct. But it's not surprising because this is the place where our black and brown staff members repeatedly speak of experiencing racism and sexism.


Islamophobia get pushed off in elevators, xenophobia, and more right here in this workplace. I wanna make sure I have security because I know I have had attempts on my life. I get to be here to do the work, so suck it up and defunding the police has to happen, But not my police. We will miss her, not her police. We'll miss her now that she's going. Yeah. Yeah. Miss is one way to put it. I i, I hope she is safe wherever she's with a fully staffed police force. I'm sure she will be. She'll find a way. I mean, probably make the taxpayers pay for it. I got husband 30 seconds last. Steven, your thoughts, Her husband's gonna have to get a real job now. And so like, I guess that's, that's how I look at it here.


So yeah. I mean members of the squad are just kind of all dropping and people are kind of, you know, Ian Omar has a primary next week, so we'll see how that goes. Please keep a OC in Congress. She hates her job in Congress so much. Please keep her there. She wanted to be out there tearing down hostage posters and rioting with her comrades. Please don't primary her, keep her in Congress Where she hates. She's gonna, she'll stay until the Kardashians leave their network. Yeah. And then she can just sub right in the job she's wanted all along. Alright, I gotta go. It is interesting though that there's been like the backlash against the squad that tells us something guys, so great to have you. Thanks for being here. Anytime. Thank you so much. Thank, thank you Taffy. Alright.


It's Taff to you when we get to know each other better. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.