
Meta's open source AI models are available to all, not just the few. Because they're open source, small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits of ai.meta.com/open.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000 OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And Happy Friday. What a week. Oh, what a week. We've got a great show for you today. Later I'm gonna be joined by the ladies of the Red Scare podcast right here in studio. That's gonna be fun. But first, I just wanna start with where we left off in this morning's episode. Maybe you saw our special episode or listened to it that just hit on Pete Hegseth and the rape allegations against him that are making headlines all over the media. I need to talk to you about this one more time because the way this is being covered is disgusting.


It is disgusting, And. it is grossly unfair. We, my team, And I, have been watching the media devour this news of a police report without actually telling you what's in the police report, just grabbing the most salacious headline and proceeding as though it's true. I'm gonna start with CBS. Watch this. According to the report, a woman referred to as Jane Doe met Hegseth during a conference at the Hyatt Regency Hotel. Both were drinking with a group at the hotel bar. When Doe said things got fuzzy, a nurse who treated her later said, DOE believed something may have been slipped into her drink.


She then recalled being in a hotel room when Hegseth took her phone from her hand. When she got up to leave, hegseth blocked the door with his body. Her next memory was when she was on a bed or a couch and Hegseth was over her. His dog tags were hovering over her face. I don't know. The young lady, Oklahoma Senator Mark Wayne Mullen said, Seth addressed the allegation in their meeting. I don't think there's any way in the world you can say that this was a sexual assault. What makes you so confident about that? Have you read the report? I actually have it. Got it right here. I read the report too. It's pretty, it's pretty clear that the, that the, of what took place, it was pretty clear that it was, she definitely wasn't drug to her room.


It was two people working on each other. Well, it also said she couldn't get outta the room. Well, that's one person Opinion. He, oh, my Seth's Attorney, he told CBS news. Police found the allegations to be false and claimed it was Hegseth who was intoxicated and the woman who was the aggressor. He also confirmed the Fox News host paid the woman an unknown sum of money after she threatened to sue. Fearing it could cost him his job. That is disgusting. No, don't ret. Text it to me. I'm talking to my team. Off mic. What's this woman's name? Don't text it. 'cause I have something open on my text that I need. What is it? Nicole Killian. Nicole Killian, you are a hack.


Do your fucking homework. You absolute loser. It's really not that hard. It's called reading. You claim you did it, do it, do it. And then report what's actually in the, in the actual police report. What a disgusting creon that this is disgusting. He's been accused, I believe falsely of rape. But you don't have to believe as I do, Nicole. It's fine if you see it a different way. However, you must report the facts. Those are the rules of our business. Anybody who doesn't report the exonerating facts for Pete Hegseth in this report is a hack and should be a treated accordingly.


And it's not just CBS news. All right? We pulled and in fact, before I get to the other examples, lemme just recap for you because many of you are living your lives and aren't able to listen to every episode we put out. But we went through this thing in great detail. It's an hour long. Highly recommend you listen and we re-released it this morning. And I. I just wrote down the highlights of it for my team so that they could go check all the news reporting to see whether this stuff was in there. Okay? You know the allegations. Jane Doe, that's what she's going by. Claims that she and Pete hooked up. Well, no. She claims it was a rape. He claims it was a hookup at a, an event for some California Republican women's group in October of 2017. She claims that she may have been slipped, a drug that the details are fuzzy.


And, but that days later she started to recall that she was in a sexual interlude with him and that it was non-consensual. And while the details were blurry, she remembered saying no a lot. Well, okay, that's fine. That's what's all over the news. All over And. then they blocked the door. She tried to get out, but he blocked the door, which you heard that reporter Nicole throw back at that lawmaker like it was the alpha and omega of the story. Nicole, pay attention sweetheart. I'm here for you. In fact, if you look at this police report, here are some of the details not reported by the hacks at CBS. Just a couple. Jane Doe, we don't get to know her name. We only get to know Pete.


We, we get to see Pete Hegseth rape defendant, but we don't get to know anything about Jane Doe. What's Jane doe's History, has Jane Doe accused others? Is Jane Doe known as a credible and truthful person? Does Jane Doe have a history of dishonesty or prote, potentially even criminality? We don't get to know any of that because we protect sexual assault victims. Even if we don't know if they're a sexual assault victim. Even if no one's ruled that they're a sexual assault victim. Even those of us at Fox News who came forward against Roger Ailes understood that our identities like yours truly would eventually be made no to him so that he could defend himself and ultimately were leaked to the news anyway. But Jane Doe gets to remain anonymous while making an allegation like this.


That's where we are. Here are some of the allegation. Here are the, some of the things in the police report that Nicole claims she read. Jane Doe was seen by an eyewitness flirting with Pete Hegseth at Knuckles Bar, which is attached to the Hyatt Regency at which they were both staying and in which he gave the speech, including touching his leg or arm prior to the alleged sexual assault. They were at Knuckles Bar around midnight. The alleged sexual assault happened between 2:00 AM and 4:00 AM She was seen in the, in the bar flirting with him, including touching him. Two witnesses at the bar. Women who we believe were at the conference with her, she was one of the workers for the this conference.


Two witnesses at the bar say Jane Doe did not appear out of control, intoxicated or drugged. She did not look that way to anybody. She appeared completely in charge of her faculties. She tells the police she only had one glass of champagne that evening. One glass that she had been drinking more than normal earlier that day she said. But that night she only had one glass of champagne according to her. And everyone around her said she appeared in control of her faculties and not drugged, not intoxicated. One woman said she might have been buzzed, but she wasn't drunk. Cops say videotapes that they reviewed, show her at 1:15 AM and a second. One at 1:30 AM with Pete. 1:15 AM she and Pete are walking out of the knuckles bar, presumably back to his hotel room.


She claims as his handler. She was just getting him from A to B. And at one 30 they were stopped because they had an argument poolside about his treatment of women. Totally inappropriate boundary crossing by this woman. Already, you're his handler. You don't know each other. You don't have any right to talk to him about how he treats women. Stay in your lane. You've behaved unprofessionally. You've already crossed a line. By the way, according to the eyewitnesses, Pete was drunk. He'd been drinking beer, not hard, hard alcohol, but was drunk by virtually every, everybody's assessment other than Pete's. They are seen at one 15 leaving Knuckles and walking their Armin arm, their Armin arm. And she is smiling. She does not appear drunk on the video tape.


She p appears in control of her faculties and is not stumbling. Read the police report, Nicole, at 1:30 AM they get stopped by a hotel front desk guy who was filling in for security because two hotel occupants called and complained about a loud, loud argument poolside. The guy went there to get them under control. Pete was yelling, I don't know if she was yelling, but they were having some sort of an argument and she defended him by saying, oh sorry, we're Republicans and I'll get him to his room. She put his, her hand behind his back and shepherded him away from the pool. The front desk guy said she did not appear drunk. She was not stumbling and did not appear intoxicated.


He, however did Pete. Okay, so now we've got 1, 2, 3 eyewitnesses who were there who say she wasn't drunk. Her whole story is that someone appears to have slipped her a Mickey and she was too drugged to remember exactly what happened during this allegedly traumatic rape. When was she drugged? We are now within 30 minutes of the alleged rape. She is seen by three eyewitnesses and on two videotapes reviewed by police looking absolutely fine. Within 30 minutes or so, she will be allegedly raped. When did she get intoxicated? When did someone slip her? The drug, the hotel front desk clerk.


We mentioned him. Then she goes to Pete Hotel. Hi. His hotel room between one 30 and two in the morning. This was within moments after the videotape in the Eyewitness Hotel. Front desk clerk said she did not look drunk. She goes into her room, into his room and she's texting with her husband. It appears from the room. The husband is down the hall with his children, their children in their own hotel room looking for his wife. He text her around 2:00 AM saying, I don't remember the last time you were out at 2:00 AM Like, where are you? And no response. And then after 2:00 AM he goes down to Knuckles bar looking for his wife. No one's there. Then at two additional times, I think it was 2:56 AM and 3:40 AM he calls his wife's phone.


No answer. She's still in there with Pete. According to the police report, she comes back home to her hotel room with her husband and her two children sleeping. The kid's sleeping. I don't know if the husband was, he had just called her at three 40. And according to the husband, she does not appear drunk. The husband says she's not stumbling, she's not slurring. And she's apologetic. And what does she tell the husband that she quote, must have fallen asleep? Pete had says, said they went back to the room. It was consensual. They had sex. She felt guilty.


Her husband was down the hall and she told him that she would tell the husband that she fell asleep. The husband told the cops individually, he's not talking to Pete. She told me when she got home at 4:00 AM when she looked fine, she must have fallen asleep. Pete simultaneously talking to the cops, not talking to the husband, says she felt guilty. And she told me she was gonna tell the husband that she fell asleep. She was in that room for at best an hour and 50 minutes, an hour and 55 minutes. 'cause she was home by 4:00 AM at 1:30 AM she was seen looking totally fine and not intoxicated. When did he give her a mickey? When did he slip her? The alleged rohypnol that made her so drunk and drugged out that she couldn't remember anything about this alleged rape.


She shows up, the husband says she looks fine, and she's sorry she doesn't wake up the next morning and run to the cops. In fact, it's not another 30 hours or so before she then has sex with her husband And. It all comes rushing back to her that she was allegedly raped by Pete. Pete Hegseth, I'm sorry, but this is a crock of shit. CBS news, the vaunted. This is bullshit. That's my opinion. I don't believe one word of this. I did the podcast yesterday, which we released this morning. And the more I looked at it and the more I slept on at the angrier, I got And, then I saw news coverage like this. CNN's lead, a California woman told police that Trump cabinet pick Pete Hegseth physically blocked her from leaving a hotel room, took her phone, and then sexually assaulted her.


Even though she quote remembered saying no a lot. NBC lead line, A woman told police that Pete Hegseth, president-elect Donald Trump's choice for defense secretary, took her phone and blocked her from leaving his hotel room before sexually assaulting her in 2017 after a convention in California, according to official records of a police investing and release Wednesday. I like this is, this is a lot. You go through the reporting. Let's see, Looking at just the the, okay, who reported that she was back at her hotel room by 4:00 AM and her husband said she was not slurring or stumbling and that she was apologetic.


New York Times, no Washington Post, no CNN no NBC? no. no one thought that was relevant. Did anybody sit down to do the fucking timeline? All you get in these reports is that the whole night was fuzzy. She was drunk for several hours or or fuzzy drugged for several hours. You don't think it's relevant that if you look at the timeline as laid out by the cops, at most we have a two hour window in which they're alone. She's seen one half an hour before it looking totally fine, but thanks to two videos and three independent eyewitnesses. And so when did she get drugged folks? She was in there for two hours and on the back end her husband said she didn't look drunk. And you don't report any of that. Nothing, none of that is relevant to you.


Here's another thing. The police asked her to participate in a pretext call where she calls Pete Hegseth back and says, Hey, remember that time you raped me? Why'd you do that Pete? Why did you block the door and not let me out and do all the terrible things I told the cops You did? And guess what she said? no, no, I refuse. That too is suspicious. You could explain it by saying a rape victim doesn't wanna confront her rapists. I get that. That's one possible interpretation. Another is she knew he'd say, what the f are you doing? Jane Doe You know this was consensual. And then start offering a bunch of details that made that seem very clear and obvious and true like a truth teller sounds. So she rec she declined to to, to do this.


Did anybody report that? I didn't know about it until I read the police report. Let's see. New York Times. Did you report it? No. Washington Post, no. CNN no. NBC? No. And this is unbelievable. They, they don't want you to know. Did did anybody point out that she went to Pete Pete's hotel room between one 30 and two within moments after the videotape and all the eyewitnesses say she did not look drunk? Did did the news offer you that timeline so you could draw your own conclusion? New York Times, no. Washington Post, no. CNN no. NBC mentioned that at one 30 and that she went back to her hotel room at four but didn't contextualize how improbable the date rape drug accusation was.


Given the timeline, we we can do this all day. We can say, you get it? I'm angry. This is wrong. Now he must be confirmed. You heard me yesterday. I I don't like the cheating on all the wives stuff. I'm, you, you may feel differently. I don't think it should sink his nomination. I don't like it, but this is not okay. What's being done to him? Joining me now, Victor Davis Hansen, a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and an author of The Case For Trump.


Every day the rhetoric gets more and more divisive. There's panic with some people willing to say or do anything if they think it will help their side win. There's so much uncertainty, which explains why so many people are preparing for what may come next. Imagine the possibilities if this descends into chaos. All of this could impact things that we take for granted. Right now. You can get ready with a three month emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply. It comes with delicious foods like creamy stroganoff, honey wheat bread and mushroom rice peel off the entire kit offers over 2000 calories every day. This food kit lasts up to 25 years. Who knows what our country will look like then? Go to prepare with megan.com right now to order your three month emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply. That's prepare with megan.com.


BDH Welcome back. This is an outreach. thank you. Your thoughts? Yeah, I read the report as well and there were some in there. I I, I mean, I don't think a person who is sexually assaulting a victim has a discussion whether, whether they, they can continue with the act of courteous if they don't have a condom. So it was a mutual discussion about condom protection. And, then they both mutually decide it was okay to go ahead. I don't think any rapist discusses that with the victim. And the second thing that bothered me, this is kind of graphic Megan, but he said that at one point she was in the superior position's.


So I mean if she, that, that does those two items themselves don't really fit the typical pattern of a male viciously forcing a woman down, penetrating her, injuring her. You, you don't rapists that do that. Don't say, by the way, what should we do about a condom? What do you think? Should we, I don't have one, do you? And she says no. And he says, she says, you is it mine? You go ahead. And he said, no, it's okay. We'll go ahead with it. And then she, she assumes a position on top of him and Well, lemme just say this though, Victor. Lemme say this. That is all Pete's story. So And I understand Pete said, She said, yeah, that that was from, so, but yeah, that was from his Point of view.


But for me, I, I am trying to just, just look at the independent verifiable facts. The verifiable facts. I'm not taking her story and I'm not taking his story. I'm taking the story of the police, the videotapes and the independent witnesses. And they do not, and her husband and they do not support this woman's story. I mean, if you take anything that Pete says is real, he's exonerated. If you take a lot of what she says, he's still exonerated. She's at best. She's like, it's it's fuzzy. And I. Remember he was, he he was on top of me and he blocked the door when I tried to leave one time. But all these independent facts, Victor, in order to Pete's benefit not hers. And the media either doesn't report on them or confronts lawmakers who are about to vote yes on, on Pete in the hallway as though they're about to approve Ted Bundy.


Yeah, but didn't she I I I know that But didn't she wait almost 72 hours before reporting it? Yes. Three days. She, she, so what how you, She didn't to nurse for her sexual assault and rape exam until Thursday. The alleged rape happened overnight, Saturday to Sunday. And I don't think she contacted law enforcement till Monday. Did she Not? It nothing happened until Thursday. She went to the se Yeah. Sexual assault nurse who then was an, a mandatory reporter. She brought in the cops And, then they spoke to her. So the earliest any official was told was the Thursday after the early mornings of Sunday, You know Saturday into Sunday. So if you look at the P police report, the alleged victim then goes back to her hotel room early in the morning, engages in sexual intercourse, And I think the name was blocked out.


But I think, I assume it was her husband. She had sex with her husband. The, on Monday morning when they went back to their marital home. Okay. Together, yes. And then And, then I. Did she contact law enforcement at that point? No. no. And in fact, it wasn't until Wednesday that she told the husband she had supposedly been raped when she was in the hotel. And then within a day she went for a sexual assault and rape exam. And that nurse called the cops. And, And am I mistaken that she said that during the sexual act with her husband or whoever that I think the name was blocked out. I assumed again, it was her husband then that brought memories back for the first time that she thought she Yes, re remembered it.


And then she, we got it transformed the, in, in the impre. She had transformed the act into one of violence that she hadn't really appreciated for three or four days. I don't think that's, but all the details were sketchy because her memory was so foggy. Yeah, I I just don't think the average person, I think there and then law enforcement didn't choose to turn it away, the district attorney. And that was why, because if you think, well, and here's One other facts here. Lemme just say one other fact. She also tells the police that right at the beginning of the night when she is first at the bar knuckles, which they were at at midnight, that this is where things got fuzzy. That's according to her.


She started to get fuzzy as of midnight at the bar, but two eyewitnesses at the bar say she was fine. The front desk clerk who confronted her an hour and a half later says she was fine. And the two videotapes show her smiling, holding Pete's arm and absolutely fine after she says she started getting fuzzy, putting the lie to the claim. Yeah, but there's no evidence. I mean, when she says she thinks it's possible sorta of kind of, maybe that somebody put something on her drank. Who is she suggesting that did that? I mean, if Pete is already drunk, I'm not sure he would be able to do that. And she has no evidence that she saw who was, who was close to her.


Is she saying the bartender did? Why would the bartender do it right? Or why, why would, there was No, here's the other thing. Here's the other thing. Pete, according to this other woman, and Pete, Pete was, You know he had an eye out for a woman that night, And. it was another woman. It was a different woman who Pete was putting his hand on this woman's knee while Jane Doe was putting her hand on Pete and trying to flirt with Pete. Pete later told cops, he didn't even notice this woman Jane Doe. She wasn't even a thought in his mind. He had his eye on another woman who wasn't into him. And since Jane Doe was his handler, this other woman called Jane Doe and asked her to be, pardon the term, a crotch blocker that's in the police report.


'cause she didn't wanna be with Pete. So this woman, according to Pete, then goes back to his hotel room with him stays, this is Pete's testimonial, stays in the room and oddly weird time like, okay, it's kind of over goodbye. And she, she's lingering. And the next thing You know one thing leads to another, but it sounds like a woman who didn't get any attention from him, who had been pointing out via text to her husband earlier in the night, that all the women were going crazy for Pete and who lingered, who wasn't noticed by the hot guy from Fox and suddenly found herself alone in his hotel room, lingered. And before You know it, now she's allegedly fuzzy. And the next morning, oh, or two, two days later, okay, I, it's coming back to me that I was raped by him.


And, and then she took, as I understand it, correct me if I'm wrong, then she discussed with Pete or took a payment from Pete to not disclose the incident because he thought it might Three years later, Three years later, three years later, and she, She, they, they talk about, I, I can't remember. I feel like it's possible. He, he, he heard she was getting ready to go public. Yes. I can't remember what the catalyst was. I'll look it up. But in any event, the, his lawyer and she or sh or her lawyer started to negotiate something to make her be quiet about this because he realized that, he says his lawyer says he would be fired in an instant at Fox News if you were accused of rape. So he paid her something to make her go away.


And then it, how did it air? Did she somebody directed people to the police report. Was that her, has she commented? Did she violate her non-disclosure agreement? She did. She, yes. Yes. She had a friend write a report and go to Mar-a-Lago or send the report to Mar-a-Lago to the Trump transition team and simultaneously apparently release it to the media. Well, I mean, as I understand at the time I read the police report, but it seemed to me that he was in a process of separating from one from his wife. So he was nominally single and she's in the same area with her husband and her two kids.


And any sane woman knows that if you're married and your child and your husband's in the hotel room, you don't walk with a celebrity who's intoxicated to his room. And then if something happens, you don't, you immediately, if it's a violent assault, you immediately tell somebody, your husband, obviously you would go back to your husband and say, my God, I've been raped. Or I, I or my friend, you'd call. But you don't keep mom for almost three or four days. And then when this process works out, then you don't take money from somebody with the threats that you're going to disclose something that that's he said, she said, that would be embarrassing to them.


And then you sit on that for years until he becomes, and you get the impression that she would've never come forward because it would've had very little currency. Unless he's in the limelight now as a nominee for the defense post. So then she wants to come back again. It's very similar to the Kavanaugh debacle. Very similar. And I don't think it's gonna work, though. I really do. There's so many, we're so, we're beyond me too. Now. I think that people are more rational and I, I think the, i I, I just don't think the facts will warrant once they start to discuss it, it won't warrant a, a charge that he forcibly put, put himself on some woman.


There's, it just Doesn't make sense. There's not, this isn't, this is an outrageous dereliction of journalistic duty by these news outlets to, to report it the way that they are. Yes. This thing smells to high heaven. The difference between Christine Blasey Ford and this woman in my opinion is I think Christine Blasey Ford just made it up to get Kavanaugh. 'cause she was a political operative. Yes, I do too. Maybe she had a negative experience with him all those years ago that didn't involve rape, but that maybe rejected her. I don't know why she had it in for Kavanaugh, but I know she didn't like his politics. But this woman appears to have just cheated on her husband and then really regretted it and gone into a panic under Pete's version of the story. She came back willingly, she threw herself at him.


They had consensual sex. And then she said, oh my God, what am I gonna tell my husband? And he said, I promise I won't tell. And she said, I'm gonna tell him I fell asleep. And at that point, she must have been looking at her phone. We've seen the phone receipts that he had called her first. He said at two, geez, I don't remember the last time. We were out till two in the morning. Then he called her at again, I'm trying to remember the exact times, but I think it was two 40 and three or 2 50, 2 56 and three 40. And then, and he also said, I'm going down to Knuckles Bar to look for like, he also went down to Knuckles Bar to look for her. So she must have been in an oh shit moment when she saw all of that on her phone.


So she goes back home, she gets in and she's apologetic. The husband is awake. 'cause he had just tried to call her at three 40 and she's, she says she fell asleep. That's it. It doesn't turn into a rape in her head. She says until Monday morning when she has sex with a husband and she doesn't give the the husband that story until Wednesday. And then I guarantee you, I guarantee you these two were having some very heated arguments over the course of those three and a half days. Where were you think so Whose, Whose room were you asleep in? Put that person on the phone. Who can I talk to? Why You know, there's just no way a husband doesn't know.


I just feel like this husband, he knew something was up and there's no way that the, at by Wednesday he must have had her and she resorted to I was raped. That, that's all my opinion. But at a minimum, the independent facts should be reported by the news and they should stop smearing him as though this is an actual rape to which he's admitted, which is what you would think if you read the reports. Okay. And I would, in related news, And, I, And I would, yeah, go Ahead. Oh, I would just, I would just say in, in the practical matter, you're in a very left winging state. And I know Monterey. It's a very left winging community. And you have likely left wing district attorneys and you have a Fox celebrity who, and Fox people are not that popular in California compared to say, other states.


And then this liberal environment and it's law enforcement apparatus look at this and they examine it very carefully and they file no charges at all. They see there's no sexual assault at all. And they, they, that's the end of it. And then she resurfaces. So it's gonna be very hard for her, I think to be used by the left to sabotage his nomination. And of course, we're not talking about what is really, and that's I guess the point of what she's doing and who's influencing her. But the, the real point is that Pete Seth is talking about some things that are beyond comprehension that we've never discussed before.


He wants to go into the d the DOD and stop the entire DEI apparatus. He wants to go in there and stop the revolving door generals who go into a defense contractor after retirement, come back to re come back to the DOD with high paying jobs that influences their strategy and bad strategy of procurement. He wants to go in there and no one else has even thought of that going in and looking, having an autopsy of the worst military catastrophe in a hundred years in Afghanistan. Who did it? Who planned it? Who was culpable, who was not, who's 13 people died?


Could this have been permit? We've never really had an in-depth discussion. So there's all these very important issues. And I don't think the left wants any of 'em to be discussed. And so I think there's, this is sort of a sideshow that's designed to get somebody else in there, a nominee of the usual type that would not do any of the things that Pete, if you read his book war, the War on Warriors would probably do. The other thing is if Pete Hef is running around giving women the date rape drug, you don't think we'd have another woman coming forward to say this is, that's not a one time adventure.


But the bottom line is the date rape drug does not kick in in 30 seconds and wear off in 30 minutes. This woman was fine by all accounts when she went into that room at two and was fine by her husband's account when she came out at four. That's not how the date rape drug works. And she's not even alleging that she was given a, a drink inside of his hotel room. It was the drink she had back at Knuckles Bar at midnight. So one at 1:15 AM she's fine at 1:30 AM She's fine. Where when was the date rape drug allegedly given? It's just such, this is obvious nonsense.


That's why they didn't charge Pete Hegseth. The cops knew, and especially when she said, I won't participate in the setup phone call of the guy they knew. My team has sent me the following just to answer this, that question. Sometime after the incident, the woman and her husband hired a lawyer to quote, ensure Hegseth did not get off without punishment. According to the memo sent to the Trump transition team, HEG Seth's lawyer proposed they sign a non-disclosure agreement, the details of which have not been made public. The memo said the agreement was signed about two and a half years after the alleged assault. This is what any man would do. I mean, any public figure pizza, I'm sure got some dough in the bank now from all the years at Fox, any man would say, would you please just pay her and make her go away?


Like I don't, I definitely don't want her coming up making those allegations. By the way, it's best not to go to bed with a complete stranger whose character you have no clue about men and women out there. And then you don't have to worry about people doing this to you. I will say one thing, the latest reporting is that this is in the Wall Street Journal. That team Trump is not pleased that Pete did not disclose this when they were doing the vetting and is doubly displeased that he didn't reveal. There was a police report detailed, which Pete knew about from at least 2021. They said, so none of like, even though Pete should not be condemned in this way by the media, And I don't believe he committed this act.


It doesn't mean he's gonna sail through And. it doesn't mean team Trump is gonna stand by him to the bitter end. I don't know what's gonna happen there. I just want people to be honest about what the facts show here. Yeah. And they're, they're gonna go after a certain typology of nominee and we know who those people are. It's RFK, Pete Eth, Tulsi Gabbard, and all the non-conventional people that we don't really, their resumes don't match what the, the usual occupants of those positions have. And that's the point. And that's what Donald Trump is trying to tell people. He wants people who are non-traditional, they don't have the usual debtors after their name or the titles before their name, or they don't revolve to universities or corporations in the Washington, New York nexus between jobs in the government.


But they have to be very careful how they vet those people because they're gonna, they're gonna get the most intense scrutiny, And I think we're gonna hear the same type of stories that are going to start to circulate. I don't mean sexual necessarily, but I think when RFK or Tulsi Gabert go up, they're gonna have the same hit machines that will go out, go after them. John Bolton has already That's right. Gone after her, said she was a veritable Russian asset and we've had RFKI mean, I never had heard until he was a candidate, the story of hitting a bear or some type of parasite, his brain or his, one of his former wives, hanger cell, all of that's gonna come out and it's gonna come out especially for those candidates because that's the ones that left, I think feels that they have the most traction against and they're most afraid of if he, if he nominates Cash Patel for the fbi, boy And I know.


Yeah, I know him very well. And he is a very bright guy. He was really, when he worked for Devin Nunes, he, he was the point man that broke the whole story. That Christopher Steele was not just a former spy who had been giving money by Hillary Clinton to compile, he was actually getting money from the FBI why They were denying it. So that was a really, and and they don't like him and he is very tough and he is outspoken and he is probably said things in the past that is, is gonna come out. But those are the types of things that we're gonna be, we should be in the store for because it's gonna happen. We're gonna have to steal ourselves for the onslaught because they'll bring up any unto personal behavior to try to kill these nominees.


And we're gonna have to just increase our tolerance for some of those stories because it is like that the, the Trump, he's not going to pick the person with the perfect resume and the perfect behavior and the, and who is beloved by the establishment that would, that's just not who Trump's gonna pick. He, he wants to get some street fighters and necessarily they're gonna have some dirt under their fingernails. I that is not to suggest if Pete actually raped somebody, we should put him as the DOD chief. It's just to say that some of these nominees are gonna have You know less than perfect personal histories and we're, we're gonna have to keep this factor that in. I wanna, I wanna tell you about this. Oh yeah, go ahead, Victor.


Well, it's not that they're the nominees that we have, these people are antithetical to 'em, but you, it's not that the nominees that are in office and were confirmed don't have baggage. It's just a different kind of baggage. And so when they look at Pete, Seth is, there'll be a Republican person that said, have you ever been in a situation where you just walked off the job for a week and nobody knew where you were? Like Lloyd Austin s a good point when you that's a good point. Were in charge of the entire military. Did have you ever had a, have you ever been in charge of an operation where you just left town and left all of your equipment to, in the hands of terrorists, $50 billion. Have you ever had that happen to you?


Have you ever set up programs where the merit of placing the shells on the target was not important as the proper gender and race in your unit? Had you ever done that? And I think the same thing with Pam Bondi, with the DOJ. They're going to say, have you ever got a a, a, a federal subpoena from Congress the way that Eric Holder did on Fast and Furious and just You know, tear it up without consequences. And Mary Garland, you ever Cooked up? Yeah. Have you ever cooked up an idea like Fast and Furious to sell guns to people in the cartels? Have you, as if you could trace it, have you ever, on one single day, have you ever coordinated as Merrick Garland has done?


You hired Jack Smith on one day, the third person and your DOJ went to work for Alvin Bragg the same day and the same day the White House counsel was meeting with Nathan Wade in the White House all coordinating law fair. Have you ever done that? Have you ever sent the SWAT teams out to people's homes like, oh, I don't know Roger Stone or the president of the United States, they went through Mel Melania's underwear. Have you ever had law enforcement group go into somebody at two in the morning like James O'Keefe and his underwear looking for the re acting as a retrieval service for the Biden? The Bidens lose guns, they lose laptops, they lose diaries, and the FBI then goes out and roughs people up to find them.


So there's all sorts of stuff that they do, but it's a different type of activity. It's much more dangerous to the Republic. And same thing with Cash Patel, I think they're gonna say, have you ever lied under oath as an FBI person? Well, Andrew McCabe lied under oath four times to a federal investigator. James Comey pled 245 times. He could not remember all the details of the Steele dossier. Robert Mueller said, I don't remember what the State deal dossier is. I have no idea what fusion GPS. Those were the two catalysts that prompted his appointment of special prosecutor. So they have a very different creed. They, they, if you have, if you're from a certain malu or zip code or university or prior resume, then you can almost, you're getting exempt from doing things lying under oath like James Clapper did or John Brennan repeatedly.


And there's no, there's no consequences. And then they come around and say, we're not gonna have this person in office because he doesn't have the right experience. But that's what Trump is trying to tell the nation. These people are too incestuous and they have a certain, certain type of resume and a certain type of outlook that gives them an arrogance and a bu and they abuse their authority and we're not gonna do it anymore. And that's, I think that's why we're gonna see some fireworks. That is so beautifully said, Steve Krakauer. We need to clip that response and put it everywhere because that's exactly right. Why are we, I asked the audience yesterday because look, Pete's behavior with respect to his many wives is not ideal Victor, but No, it Isn't.


I don't really care. It's, I I'm not marrying Pete Hegseth. I already have a delightful husband who I really adore. It's not my problem. It's between him and the women who marry him. What is my problem is a woke military that doesn't get enough recruits You know that is in which the men feel totally dejected because they're being lectured on white rage and white fragility and by these You know commanders that they're somehow wrong. Notwithstanding the fact that all these guys are the ones who are getting killed at an exponential rate, as you've been pointing out, that is my problem. That is something I need to worry about. So if Pete Hegseth is gonna go in there and shake that up and stop the wokeness and actually listen to You know the, the working class branch of the military as opposed to the brass who runs things and just wants another star.


Great. Good. I love to see that just the, the past 24 hours have been so eye-opening as you just started. Dig Into the Yeah, I I mean I I I don't like this anymore than you do, but in World War ii, George Patton, while he was leading the third army to victory and broke apart the German resistance in Europe was having an affair with his own step niece in theater. Oh Boy, Step niece, not his niece, but his step niece. At the same time, Dwight Eisenhower was infatuated with this British chauffeur young woman k summer speed. And people were very shocked and they kept warning, I, this does not look good.


She later claimed they had an affair. I don't know what's true, but if you had taken Eisenhower out of the theater and Patton out of the theater, we would've lost the European War at that point. And that's regrettable. They did that. But in the, in the great scale of things, George Patton was an authentic military genius, the likes of which we've never seen before. And Eisenhower had a genius for organization and grand strategy and people like that were essential to the war effort. And somebody like George Marshall, who was a straight arrow puritanical, brilliant, honest guy, knew that, and that's why he kept, he demonstrated with both, but he kept them both in command and we won the war.


And just, just the way it is. You know what else, we talked about this yesterday in passing, but JFK was having an affair as You know with everybody, but with a 16-year-old White House intern named Mimi Alfred. I mean, actual sex with this woman who was a virgin In, remember she was a yes, she was a virgin when she met him, Right? She was working for him in the White House, not to mention what Bill Clinton did. Yes. In the presidential bed. In the presidential Bed. Think same Democrats. They revere these two JFK and Bill Clinton. But we're supposed to get upset about what Pete may or may not have done with respect to his wives and his marriages. You know.


Well, we're not, I had, we're not, I had a, a close friend that was really arguing me about Trump and Stormy Daniels, what happened way before he was in office. So just as a joke, I said, what bothers me about Trump is his daughter was a arranging an affair within while he was president. And the guy said, yes, yes, good. Victor And. then I said, then he, he pulled out down his pants and showed the cabinet his sexual, oh my God, Victor, I I didn't know that. I'm so glad. And then I said he had an affair with a young intern with right off the White House and he beded a virgin. And then the guy said, well, that case, I'm glad you, I said, I just described JFK, bill Clinton, FDR and Lyndon Johnson.


And no one in those days, no one in those days disclosed any of that. They felt they all, if reporters all knew that FDR was having an affair with Lucy Mercer, they all knew that LBJ was doing things that were, we would call perverted. We all knew that JFK was completely uninhibited and outta control when it came to young women. Everybody knew the same was true of Bill Clinton. And these were occurring while they were in the office. Not Stormy Daniels years ago, nobody has made an allegation that Donald Trump did anything onward with women while he was in the off in office. And yet they, nobody, nobody says anything about that. They say FDR was a great president.


He was JFK was a model Democrat. Well, I wish we had him now. And, but Which one dropped T tr in front of the cabinet. That's LVJ. He, I could go on a little bit, had to be more graphic. He grabbed his organ and he said, does ho Chi Min have anything like this? According to Robert Carroll's biography, he, but it's also proven that he would open the door what he was, why he was on the toilet and force aids that he didn't like to take memos and they had to watch him defecate. So it's Oh my, I mean he was a, he was pretty crude person and yet yeah, he's an icon still in, in among the left.


And so I, I guess what I'm trying to say is not to excuse that type of behavior, but there was a time in America in a much more puritanical time than ours when people said, it's too bad they don't have character in these particular areas. But we haven't made the, the argument that because your personal life isn't suspect then you're not, you're not. It'd be nice. You're not gonna, well, The other, the other thing is where where was CBS's Nicole, what's her name? Whatever, on the Doug Emh allegations, I don't remember her running through the halls of the White House to try to get comment either from Kamala Harris on her being married to an alleged woman abuser.


Like there was no interest. What's so in actually tracking down this woman, There was a lot more evidence for Tara Reed. She actually mentioned her sexual assault by Joe Biden to her mother, who brought it up on a Larry King show, con contemporaneously than there ever was. I Interviewed her, Yes, was Susan glossy Victor. I didn't have a show. I I had no, I had no tether whatsoever to any news organization. I didn't launch this show. I came outta Covid. I flew out to California to sit down with Tara Reed because no one was talking to her. So I was like, You, know what? I'll just put it on my fledgling YouTube channel. I'm giving this woman a forum And.


it wasn't because it was a, a democratic accuser. I interviewed Trump accusers too. It's not that hard. You can let them have their say and then let the analysts poke holes or not in the stories, but ignoring the stories is what the left does when the accused is one of their beloved democrats. Absolutely. And we all know that Joe, Joe Biden serially violated the private space of women. He blew in their ears. He held them too long. He remarked in a way that was kind of creepy to young g preteen girls in the audience. He did such that when he ran in, as you remember in 2019 20, he had to apologize for his behavior.


And he said they called him on it. Finally, a lot of women came forward and said, you, you squeezed me. You tried to kiss me, you tried to blow in my ear. And they, he said, I came from a different generation. That's basically what he said. And when it was considered, okay, it's not okay, I apologize, but it's just a different standard. Yeah, yeah, absolutely. Right Now here's, here's what I was trying to get to all of this, at least the media piece of it is having an effect because I put it all under the head heading of H how dishonest they are untrustworthy and how their time in the sun is done.


Morning. Joe knows it, they're hemorrhaging viewers at an alarming rate and now we actually can put some meat on those bones. We still have some sources in the TV industry and people who know the ratings that the rest of us don't necessarily see in great detail. And sources are telling us that. Morning, Joe, over on Ms. Chris Hayes and Joy Reed are all seeing record demo lows. The demos 25 to 54 year olds, which determines advertising rates. Record demo lows this week for the history of their respective shows. Let me, let me give you some more Morning, Joe. On Monday got 770 in the overall and 86,000 in the key demo.


They had been averaging over 800,000, let's say back in June, like 866,000 in June with 114,000 in the demo. So they fell by a lot. Then comes Tuesday, Tuesday's broadcast of morning Joe was the show's third lowest broadcast of 2024 with total viewership down 38% from their average. And the key demo down 37% from the show's average. So they fell almost 40% overall from Monday to Tuesday. Monday's the day they made their announcement. And on Monday, instead of building during the show as they normally do, they lost, they went from 839 total thousand and 113,000 in the demo to 694,000 in the second hour and sunk 38% in the demo.


We're told that M Monday show, I believe, was it Monday show or no? Wednesday show was the lowest in Morning Joe's history, the lowest in their history. The Wednesday demo, that's the 25 to 54, they got 51,000, 1001 fewer And. it would've been a slashy, which is the ultimate embarrassment. They don't even write 49,000 write slashy, which is, you've fallen off the board. Victor, can you stay just a couple more minutes on the opposite side of this break? Yeah, yeah. Okay. thank you. Yeah, we'll be, I gotta take a quick break. We gotta finish that discussion and one more, and then my next guests don't go away.


There is an epidemic affecting two out of every three Americans. Poor gut health, processed foods, stress at work, fluoride in the water, even toxins in the air you breathe can overwhelm your digestive system. You might expect to feel the bloating and the heartburn, but sleepless nights, afternoon crashes, mood swings. These are all signs. Your gut may need some help while most probiotics get torn apart in your stomach acid. The spore based strains in just Thrive probiotic are clinically proven to arrive in your gut 100% alive, creating a fortress of good bacteria that can support digestion, immune system, and mental clarity. Just Thrive probiotic is non GMO and gluten-free. And you can choose between berry flavored gummies or easy to swallow capsules. You can even open the capsule and mix the contents in your morning coffee or sprinkle it on your food for over a decade, just Thrive has been fighting to make Americans healthy again with science-backed solutions you can trust. To join the Gut Health Revolution, visit just Thrive health.com. Just Thrive health.com and save 20% site-wide with promo code Megan. That's just Thrive health.com promo code. Megan


Meta's open source AI models are available to all, not just the few because they're open source small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai.meta.com/open


Just to correct. Not the lowest in Morning Joe's history. In fact, they've gone lower. But this is one of the lowest, almost getting slashies in the key demo on Wednesday. There is a reason it's audience is abandoning M-S-N-B-C Victor. Yeah, there is. They're in kind of a doom loop, Megan, because their diehard audience that got smaller and smaller and smaller, so they got down to 700,000 viewers is very intolerant of any deviation from the party line. But to expand their audience, they've got cool off the personal attacks on left wing people. I mean right wing people, all of the hysteria. Same thing with Joy Reed. Stop the overtly racist stuff.


But when they do that, they start to lose their small audience and the small audience gets smaller. So I guess the only way out of it is to take a risk and go mainstream and try to appeal to people of all political points of view. And in that process, they're going to lose their base hard left audience and they may not expand into the the right wing cool field with their insincere. So I don't know how they get out of it, is what I'm trying to say. No, I don't think they can, which is actually really fun to watch. I don't think it's not just those mourning and primetime shows that are suffering. The M-S-N-B-C has lost its mind. I mean, just up and down the line, they've lost their minds. You need look no further than the headline this morning on msnbc.com where they responded to Laken Riley, the 22-year-old nursing student in Georgia who was murdered by an Venezuelan illegal.


They responded to his being convicted and sentenced to life in prison without parole with this headline lake and Riley's killer never stood a chance What it Was up. He never stood, was up for a long time he never stood a chance. It was up for a long time. Finally, just as we come to air, they changed it to the guilt of Lake. And Riley's killer was never in doubt. Apparently their headline was too much, even for their left wing audience. Victor You know the common denominator with all the these stories is that this bicostal leader, whoever they think they are, they're they're completely immune from the consequences of their own ideology and policy.


So they never see the Lincoln Rileys of the world, their parents. They don't know what the, they all count on the idea that they're gonna experiment on us like we're Rat lab rats with all this transgender stuff, all this open border stuff, all this critical legal theory, all this credle critical racial theory. And then they're going to retreat into these zip codes and enclaves and, and areas where they're never gonna, Martha's Vineyard. The Obamas are gonna venture out from Martha's Vineyard or the Holly Hollywood Mansion or the Colorama Mansion, then lecture all of us, and then they're gonna retreat right back there with all the things they've done is never going, the fallout from, it's never gonna hit them until they really have, have to experience things that they promoted and they're, they're never gonna change.


And I think that was what, another thing about the LEC election was that one iconic moment when Obama was lecturing African American young men who have to deal with high prices and crime and illegal immigration. He was telling them they were illiberal and they had to shape up, and they didn't know what was good for 'em. It was almost like a Marxist saying, you're all suffering from false consciousness. And I the professor. I'm going to tell you what you really should be thinking and who you really, really, you really should be voting for. And that was, that was just thematic emblematic of that whole campaign. So that's really the issue right now. I think the, the people who lecture and the people get lectured to and they're tired of it.


I have to say the we knew this guy was gonna get convicted. His DNA was under her fingernails. It was very clear he was on videotape. The evidence against him was dead to rights. His name is Jose Ibarra, 26-year-old, illegal from Venezuela, found guilty by a judge and her poor mother. I mean, this is one of the, this is the woman I, one of the women I mentioned by name when I spoke for Trump the night before the election that I'd be thinking of Laken Riley on Tuesday, November 5th. And I was And. I have been for a while, as I know so many millions have, because this girl's story was just emblematic of so many who have been killed by Joe Biden and Kamala Harris'.


Reckless reckless border policies right now. They're trying to make it easier for immigrants to cross the border right this second in his last two months in office because he hasn't done enough damage. And you think about folks like her mom who testified yesterday on Tuesday that her, she missed Lakin's final text and phone call. Lakin had texted her good morning about to go for a run. Are you free to talk at 8:55 AM on Feb 22 before then trying her mom by phone. Less than 10 minutes later at 9 0 3, within seven minutes, she would be attacked, attacked by this illegal and her dad, her stepfather, John Phillips, read one of Lakin's final diary entries to her future husband in court.


I'm gonna play it. It's hard to listen to, but this is the real life toll of these leftist border policies. Listen To my future husband. I want you to know that I'm thinking about you. I'm working every day to become the best wife I can be by working through my current relationships to best prepare me for hours and our kids one day. And I, can't wait to love you in the best way. I know how for the rest of our lives, no matter what challenges we face, I pray that our trust in God and love for one another overrules the obstacle.


May our relationship last forever. Your future wife Blake. It's one final thing, Victor. He did not get the death penalty because he had one of these woke prosecutors who, despite the fact that Georgia allows the death penalty, did not personally believe in it. And so this guy will live on the taxpayer's dime until he dies in natural death in prison. Yeah, I think everybody that watches that, ask Nancy Pelosi or Joe Biden or Kamala Harris, what did you think was gonna happen? Or alon Alejandro Mayorca, what did you think was gonna happen when you let 12 million people in with no criminal background checks, no health background from places like Columbia or Venezuela where gangs are rampant or the Mexican cartels and and what did you think was gonna happen?


What would they do? They were wolves coming into sheer sheep. Was the idea that you wanted that it was just nihilistic? Why were you doing that? And why did you think that you would, you would unleash that flood upon innocent people like Laken, Riley and And. it was all, was it predicated in the idea that you were so protected, your neighborhood or the people you associate or your money or influence, that you would not only not experience these things but you didn't care about the people who did And You know just living out here, Megan, I have right now about a thousand pound freezer washer dryer in my, on my, in my orchard that was just dumped by people.


And I can tell you all of the garbage is all in Spanish, dumped wet diapers dumped. I've had semi-truck dumped and we've had a person die, found a corpse in our orchard dumped. Oh My God. And, and nobody, I mean that, that person probably committed suicide, but they don't know. But it was, it was, it's, it's some, I I don't think people realize it. I know where I work at Stanford, where it is got that same mentality of the Biden administration. They condemn as illiberal or reactionary or mean-spirited or xenophobic or racist.


Anybody who wants to have legal measured orderly immigration because they're never, they never experienced the downside. And when you say things to them, well, if you want 12 million people to come in and you're worried about housing and healthcare, Stanford University has about 10,000 billets in the summer of empty dorms. They have one of the best medical schools in the world. They have a law school for legal counsel. They have all these student interns that could help. Why don't you volunteer to take seven or 8,000 illegal aliens and let them stay in the campus for the summer and they go ballistic When you say that, how dare you say that? Same action you get reaction you get from the Martha Vineyard people.


We will love these people. When is the bus coming to get 'em outta here? Here's some care packages. They rich our lives in the 72 hours they were here. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. And that, and so that, that's what's all about Here. Here's two other things on it. Multiple John Hassan on x noticed this Washington Post AP New York Times all refused to describe Lincoln and Riley's murderer as an illegal I immigrant. And he's exactly right. Washington Post Venezuelan national Jose Ibarra found guilty of murdering AP. Doesn't say anything. A man was convicted of murder in the killing of Laken Riley, New York Times a Venezuelan migrant.


Nothing about the fact that he's here illegally and is part of this Venezuelan gang. We're not allowed to talk about it. And final point on it, Ali Beth Stuckey posted this on x no black squares for laken, no riots, no demands to listen and learn. No lectures on progressive fragility, no scolding from social justice Christians. They're angrier when a violent criminal is confronted by the police than they are when an innocent woman is murdered while jogging. They're more outraged when an illegal Haitian immigrant gets his shirt pulled by a border patrol agent at the border. Remember that The next time they launch another manipulation campaign. Boy that sums it up.


Yeah, it does. And they're, they're, they're not gonna stop until they're forced to stop. And that 98, that a hundred day metamorphosis of Kamala Harris, whether she, we all know that if she had won, she was gonna go right back to her open borders policy. And when she's lost, she will go as a lame duck vice president. Right back to the policy, which we see already being enacted by Joe Biden. They've already tried to create more apps to let people in in a final influx. There's a caravan forming that was all just a hundred days of cynical of falsity that they explained that they were wanted to secure the border. And I.


I'm against the illegal immigration. That was the one of the most insincere, fraudulent campaigns we've ever seen on that. That a hundred day facade that they were going to worry about the victims of illegal immigration or they were gonna stop illegal raid or restore the border, or they were going to worry about crime or fracking or a strong military. None of that. That that was even worse because they knew that's what the people wanted. And they did not want to give what the people wanted because they thought the people were stupid and their friends and their associates were smart. And therefore they were gonna fool the people one last time before they reverted back after they got. And the people said, I'm had it with you.


I've seen that you're a one eye jack. I've seen the other side of you. I don't want you anymore. And that's where we are now. Now you got politically, now you got the governor of Massachusetts saying she's not gonna cooperate with Tom Holman and his efforts to pull the illegals out of the country, including the criminal ones. The ones who have committed additional serious violent felonies. She's not cooperating this as our border patrol ice that is, has just gone into Massachusetts, her state and arrested three count him, three child rapists who are here illegally raping in two cases American children. One was a child rapist from Brazil who'd came up here when he got caught for doing that. There two others are raping American children here.


And she's sitting there saying, we won't cooperate when these people get arrested for crimes in Massachusetts. We won't tell ice so they can be deported. We refuse to do that. Well, we'll just see about that Governor. We'll just see whether the people of Massachusetts are okay with Governor Mora Healy's plan to let all the pedophile rapists stay in Massachusetts. 'cause guess what that does? It creates a magnet for them all to go there. Good luck folks in the Commonwealth. I'd much rather be in a state that says we're not doing that. And the illegals get word of it, And, then they don't come here. This is just so wrong. It's why it's an issue that you've been speaking out on for as long as we've known you.


VDH. thank you. Thanks so much for being here. thank you. It's a pleasure. Thank, thank you for having me Megan. Okay, coming up. We're gonna finish it up on a Friday with something fun. And that is the ladies of Red Scare. They are right here. I'm really looking forward to this. And maybe a martini next.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you, that someone somewhere has stolen it right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable, but it is a sad reality for some American homeowners and a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. And it's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, And. then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com. Use the promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megan and Home Title Lock dot com or by using the link below.


Meta's Open source AI models are available to all, not just the few because they're open source small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai.meta.com/open.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. not just the highs. Woo The Os Oh or the no, no nos. no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football You only. get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now. live across the D MV bet MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called one 800 GAMBLER.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show and SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply


The culture war between the left and the right is heating up after Trump's landslide win. Nancy Mace continues to stand strong in her fight to keep women's spaces safe. You'll not believe Katie Couric's attack on her. Meanwhile is Maga. Cool. Now joining me in studio to discuss it all the hosts of the Red Scare podcast. Very popular show. Anna Ka. Wait that it's better when I say it. Ian. Yeah. And Daja n Sova. Yep. Great to have you here. They were first with us back on episode 3 36 in 2022. Welcome back. Thanks for having us. Thanks For having Great to have you and cheers. Cheers. Cheers. Such a pleasure. We did bust out the martinis when we have somebody for the first time in the studio who likes to drink like I do.


And we have one of these We always do. Yeah. Yeah. It's how we, And we busted out our Christmas trees For you. We notice it's beautiful. You guys are so ahead of the curve. I mean it's before Thanksgiving, but Thanksgiving's late this year. Like if we wait until after Thanksgiving, we're not gonna get enough of the trees. Right. And you have a ton. And here in Connecticut it was, there was snow on the ground this morning. Whoa. Yeah. It was amazing. So this, this could kind of be real. Alright, so let's talk about it. You guys went from Bernie Bros to Trump supporters. You basically had the same arc as Joe Rogan. How did that happen? Well, Anna hates this 'cause Anna wasn't ever really a proper Bernie bro.


I will go on record and say that I've never been a leftist or a Bernie bro. Okay. I've always been a Trump supporter, but I was playing it cool and not going too hard on it because You know, like I'll be frank about it out of social cowardice because I didn't wanna veer any reprisals or repercussions. But if you listen to those early episodes, you can hear Closeted Crypto, maga crypto. I mean, people say that we did like a right wing pivot, maybe cynically, but I don't really see it that way. I think like the center just shifted so drastically. Left And I was a Bernie crat in 2016 and registered as a Democrat to vote for him in the primaries.


It was a very different political landscape. I totally relate to this because people have said that about me too, that it was like a money ploy to try to get an audience to You know switch on Trump to like change my views on Trump. And I actually did change my views on Trump. You know I was not his fan back in 16 for all sorts of other reasons. Yeah. I didn't mind his policies. I just didn't like him. And it's like, well then if it was a cynical ploy for you And, it was a money ploy for me. What happened to like Joe Rogan because he didn't You know like what happened to millions of Americans. The whole country shifted right by You know some five, six in some cases, 10 or more points. Was it all a cynical ploy?


Like Well again, yeah. They shifted right of center, which was more left. Left. Yeah. Yeah. So Exactly When the center moves left, you've necessarily found yourself You know to The right of Yeah. Even though you haven't moved your feet. Exactly. Yeah. And like what the liberals and Democrats wanna do now is shift the burden of proof from themselves onto everyone else to explain why there's a massive popular mandate for Trump, which just doesn't add up. I felt, I told myself I wasn't gonna gloat, but I felt truly vindicated because my home state of New Jersey only lost Trump by five points. I know.


Wasn't that amazing? Yes. Amazing. I know we go to New Jersey in the summers. And I was thrilled. I feel like Phil Murphy needs to feel the pain of the state becoming more and more red because that nutcase right there is trying to bring in those windmills to ruin the views and the safety along the jersey shore and kill the whales, which really is a thing. And he hopefully now will listen that neither his residents nor the rest of the country wants that agenda. Yeah. He should have. He should have realized it when he almost lost by a few points his reelection. Yeah. And the same in New York too. The same effect a little higher. Right. It was 11 points. But across the board you see these like sweeping demographic changes of people shifting over to Trump, even in like traditionally deep blue strongholds Like Manhattan.


Right? Yeah. Did, did you ever think you'd see the day they didn't go for Trump, but they shifted toward Trump? Yes. And double digits all over New York. The five boroughs. Well, we've been talking about And I know you guys have too. One of the main issues and the number one issue for swing state voters is the trans issue. They said that in democratic polling, there was a long postmortem. And they said in the swing states in particular, that was the number one issue. Too much focus on the trans stuff in particular by Democrats and not enough on the things that actually drive their lives and their concerns. And it's been very interesting to see this come to Capitol Hill this week. Mm. And Nancy Mace, who I think is, was probably inherently on our side on this issue, but like wasn't really focused on it, has now been woken up and is out there fighting this battle successfully on Capitol Hill.


So then yesterday she goes to speak, I don't, where was she when she got attacked? I don't know. My team will tell me. But she did get attacked by some trans activist. And here's a little bit of what happened. It's ridiculous. It's the day after trans day of visibility. We have had dozens of trans people die this year because of the hate lives that, and if you want internet, are we going internet with free speech for everyone or just the privileged view? Are you gonna stand up to the lives of trans people, lapping brown people? Are we fighting for justice or are we fighting for big tech? Fighting for justice here That his penis isn't gonna be in my bathroom.


So at any rate, but you have a responsibility If you're, If you're pro man watching the undress in a dressing room, you're part of the problem. Yes. It was Georgetown University. I mean the the trans stuff. Yeah. I think it was like the silent majority really felt an instinct against it and now maybe feel a new freedom to, to speak on it. And it's, to me it's clear that the issue isn't even necessarily that like gender politics, that people are trans or wokes. It's that like there's been an ideological capture of the institutions. Like you go to the hospital, they give birth and they call you a birthing person that erodes trust.


And what woke ideology has done broadly is just eroded trust in like a lot of like legacy institutions. Absolutely. Right. I, I get automated text messages from my insurance company. That's that. Say something like, did You know that people who have had their uterus removed are still at risk for cervical cancer? Get your pap smear now. People, people, people, I can I spurg on this issue for a minute? Yeah, yeah. I saw you posting about Autogynephilia. And I was like JD Vance's meme face like ding ding, ding. Because the most interesting thing to me about the trans issue is that the people pushing for it, the trans agenda are not who you would expect.


They're not the people that you would typically associate with being trans or identify as trans. It's not the young gay guys who wanna pass as women because they want access to straight men and do frankly a pretty good job of passing. It's not the young tomboy girls who, as you mentioned, maybe have a history of sexual abuse or a history of obsessive thought patterns. It's two separate groups. Number one, it's auto gyno files who are straight men who have a paraphilia where they're sexually aroused by the thought of themselves dressed as women. These guys tend to be older, they're high achieving, high iq, high aggression.


They're very good at like making themselves heard. I've said this before and I'll say it again. Well, it gets them off because they think being a woman is degraded. Yes. Yes. Yeah. Right. And they get off on like people reacting badly to 'em. Exactly. Yeah. It's like covert narcissism. They're like, I'm telling you everything I am, but if you react badly, you're the problem. And I never thought the patriarchy was real until I started getting bullied by these guys on the internet. So they just, and then the second group I think are people who are not even trans. They would probably be identified as allies. It's like liberal women and male feminists who maybe identify as queer or suffer from Munchausen by proxy.


And all of those people are very locked into like the medical industrial complex. And for me, like having looked into this, studied this for a long time, I think the name of the game is they wanna collapse all these categories together for maximum victim status and plausible deniability. The people leading the charge are like the Jennifer Pritzkers of The world. Right? Exactly. Right. The Pritzker family. And I'm sick of being lectured to by this Illinois governor who doesn't acknowledge what his family has been doing to our children. Now they're talking about him running for president. Okay. You know what our campaign in the streets against that guy to make clear what they've been doing. But okay, you had said so many good things in there. I don't know. I have to ask my team.


Do we have the A OC? So where she's going off about what's happening? Did you guys see her going off about Nancy Mace wants to pull down your pants, inspect your genitalia. We do have it good for my team. Let's, I don't know if I have, I have the wrong saw list you guys. I have the V DH thought list and not my red Scare one. In any event, here's a OC What Nancy Mace and what Speaker Johnson are doing are endangering all women and girls. Because if you ask them what is your plan on how to enforce this, they won't come up with an answer And it. It inevitably results in are women and girls who are primed for assault because they want, because people are gonna wanna check their private parts doing what?


And so the idea that Nancy Mace wants little girls and women to drop drought in front of who and investigators disgusting. It is disgusting. And frankly all it does is allow these Republicans to go around and bully any woman who isn't wearing a skirt. And if a woman doesn't look woman enough to a Republican, they want to be able to inspect her genitals to use a bathroom. It's disgusting. They're endangering women. They're endangering girls of all kinds. That's not true. And girls of all kinds, there's Right, there's so much in there. Yeah. So that to your point, Dasha, you hit the nail right on the head. These guys, these auto gyno files get off undressing like us pretending that they're us and then being shamed about it.


And so that what she's referencing there is one of those perverted little fantasies you will find in the dark trans chat rooms about how they wanna be told they're bad little girls and they have to lift up their dresses to show their private parts. I, I'd love to know what portions of the internet she's on because she just revealed something about herself that I don't think she knows she revealed. That's sick. Literally no one's talking about that other than the pervs in these chat rooms. I mean there, you said on a recent episode that there already are gender neutral bathrooms in Washington. Right. The fact that they want explicitly to go into a woman's bathroom. Like why are you so obsessed with gonna the bathroom? Right. Right.


I told 'em I was gonna pay for them to build one if they didn't have one. Turns out they already have them. So what's The Yeah. And this person who attacked Nancy Mace with his like herb deep voice, his You know. Yes. And they're citing these statistics of trans people who have been murdered. Like the trans people who are vulnerable are not agp s no, they're gay who are literally, they're homosexual transsexuals. Yeah, that's Exactly right. So this is Blanchard, right? Richard Blanc, I think I called him Blanchard the other day. Ray Blanchard. Yeah. Yeah. But Blanchard is the one who took a deep dive into trans people. And in particular, so-called trans women, which is just not a thing. It's men pretending to be women. Well, There are trans, I mean there's people with Gendered disorder.


There's two categor, There's two categories. Well that's where I'm going. Yeah. So what he found is that people who say they're trans break down generally into two categories. One is gay men, more effeminate, gay little boys, Homosexual, transsexuals. There You go. Yeah. And they're gonna be often like younger black and brown versus white lower income. They're the ones who are really at risk because they often engage in prostitution. They suffer from drug addiction. Those are the guys, women getting raped and murdered in the streets, usually by members of their own community.


And then, yeah, according to Blanchard, it's 93%. 91 or 93% are actually auto gyno files. So the overwhelming odds that if you meet a man pretending to be a woman are that he is one of these, I get off undressing like a woman. And, I, get off. I'm being shamed. And God only knows what's happening in the bathroom stall next to you. And you for so long have been shamed out of acknowledging that or even speaking of it to the point where we don't anymore. And, and now if you try to forget even getting into that, but if you just say, I don't want them in my bathroom, I don't want them in my locker room.


You get shamed. Only now are we starting to like find our voices. Right. It's one thing to actively oppress someone and another thing to like participate in their delusion and mental illness. Right. Which is what they sensibly wanna force us to do. Do You know Debra? So she wrote, God, what was her book you guys? She, it was so good. I love her. She's brilliant. She came on the show early on and she's a PhD, end of gender. The end of gender. And she wrote this great book called The End of Gender. And she was, she's a PhD and she's a specialist in sexual fetishes. And she was saying they're all, there's bizarre ones out there. And one of, I said, what's like the most one, walk us through it.


Some people really get off on imagining that they're being eaten by an animal That sounds Japanese. I'm like, like how? I don't, and she said like, they take in porn that shows like an imaginary, I don't know, it could be like dragon, whatever that's eating you. I don't know. It's this, it's called Bo. I mean there's, there's furries around like, do you guys ever think about the fact that furries still exist and we have to tolerate them, right? Yeah. So I do not wanna participate in that. I do not wanna be next to the guy when he is sketching out the dragon eating him and whatever that does to him down south. I don't, I don't wanna be anywhere near it. I don't care if that's what he does in his home when he is alone.


Yeah. But they're asking us to let that not only into our lives, but into our lives in the most vulnerable spaces for us. And it's not, it is not just bathrooms and locker rooms and sports and prisons. It's actually, we, we've talked about this a few times. They're coming into the breast cancer hospitals where we have to go for the mammograms. They're going into the OBGYNs. Mm. They, they have nothing to examine down there. They have a surgical created hole. At best. It does not to meet, need to be examined by an ob gyn. And. I don't need to wait an extra 10 minutes for that man. He needs to go back to his surgeon to see if he's healing correctly.


Yeah. And You know when you're like at the OB GYN or getting a mammogram, you already Can I curse on the show? Yeah. Yes. You already feel like shit and you're nervous and you wanna be alone in your own feminine. You don't wanna be around space. You don't wanna be around a pervert who's like secretly jerking off to your pain and misery. Correct. That's the truth of it. So in the midst of all this, again, to your point about who's reacting to Nancy Mace and others like her Yeah. Enters Katie Kirk, who just, I mean truly embodies Upper East Side elite privilege. Both of her daughters went to the top top schools for college. They went to the top, top schools, New York City privates.


There was a time in which I knew her a bit personally and she used to be somewhat reasonable when I knew her. She was always a liberal. But she's leaned into that upper echelon of liberals now where you have to be woke in order to have currency. And she reacts to Nancy Mace saying, I don't want men in the women's bathrooms as follows. Hey everyone. I'm just so disappointed that this Nancy Mace of Republican from South Carolina is being so rude, And, I, don't know, just bigoted against Sarah McBride.


It just seems nasty and mean and cruel because is the only member who is now forbidden to use the ladies' room. And it's just shitty You know people are just mean, aren't they? It really makes me mad. She's not the only, he is not the only member not permitted to use the ladies' room. All the men are also not permitted to use it. Right. And that's what Sarah is. And they have gender, gender neutral. Left nasty. Me cruel and shitty. I mean that's like classic boomer. The only demographic that didn't shift towards Trump was people over 65. And. I. Love that. I love the slow burn on your, Your response.


But You know what I mean. Okay. Boomer. And they don't like Trump because they think he's mean and rude and uncivil and they find him distasteful, but they don't really stop to ask themselves. Like maybe they're the only demographic because they're sheltered and sequestered away from like what's really going on in the world. How people really feel. Yeah, yeah. About issues like this one. Of course It's mean and nasty. I wish we didn't have to talk about this. Yeah, Yeah. Right. But I mean I don't, but it's not mean because somebody once explained to me is I was, it was a, a therapist of mine who was like, I, it was with respect to my first husband, we, we ended the marriage amicably.


But I remember the therapist saying like, you should tell him those things you just said And I said, well no, that's mean. And the therapist said, it's not mean to tell the truth. Like cruelty is saying something with the intention of hurting the other person. You say it because you want to hurt them, but being honest about how you actually feel is not cruel. It's not mean. And that's what's hap It's not mean to say to a man posing as a woman, Tim to Sarah. You may not come into our private spaces, the spaces in which we're lifting up our dresses and pulling down our pants. The hard no. Yeah. Yeah. And what's so depressing is that these people have effectively combined all the worst qualities of men and women.


Like they've, they've literally mashed up men's obsessiveness and aggression with women's avoidance of responsibility for their action. I mean, it's just not fair. They're so much stronger and smarter than us anyway because they're high IQ males. Yeah. What's next? They can't drive, nor can they ask for directions. They combine all of the worst things. That's amazing. They are talking about toxic masculinity. You know. They're the worst. There it is. Okay. So do we think it's gonna change at all now that there's been You know they had the one guy Scott Presler of Massachusetts who was like, I'm secretly on the side of reason, even though he pushed all the legislation mandating boys and girls.


Seth Moulton. Sorry, Seth Moton. I was gonna say Scott Pressler. no, no. Scott Pressler. I love, yeah, I love him. He's the guy who helped Trump win Pennsylvania. So he says, okay, I have to be honest now, I'm not in favor of this, but almost everybody else is doubling and tripling down and shaming guys like Seth Moulton for even saying this. So do we think the left will change? What do you mean? Like, will they see reason And I Depo be tam tempered? What does this say? Id poll. Is that your short for identity politics? I like it. I don't know. That's a really good question. I've seen a lot of people because after Trump won, everybody including liberals, breathe the sigh of relief.


The, the vibe on the street was peaceful And. it wasn't exactly enthusiastic, but people were reconciled to it. I saw that you guys had that Jaguar commercial on the dock yet. Oh my God. And we Have to talk about it. It reminded me of, of the recent, the most recent episode of Saturday Night Live with Charlie XCX. And it's very clear what happened with those, both of those things which were very clearly in development before Trump won the election. And with the SNL episode, they were hoping to have some epic brat memes on how Kamala owned and they had to throw them in the dust bin and just run Charlie as a pop star.


I don't think that Charlie's the one behind that whole brat. The brat. Yeah. I don't that She adopted. I don't think wokeness is over. Because you have to remember that it's really, really entrenched in the cultural institutions and federal bureaucracies and those people are still running things. And so I have a lot of hope that guys like Vivek and Elon will try to take care of it. Kill it. Yeah. Here's the, this is disgusting. The Jaguar ad. We, we must look at it. I'm sorry, but we must, no, here it is. There's a, it appears to be a man with breasts. I don't know what that means. I dunno.


Now says live vivid, delete ordinary Reminds me of the Olympics. Here's another man in address ceremony. Break molds clearly a man. Everyone's androgynous with very weird hair. Copy. Nothing. Don't worry. We won't be copying you Jaguar. Lemme just tell you something about Jaguar. When I was very young in fresh outta law school, I went to this firm, Bickel and Brewer. It was a great firm like cutthroat litigators. Like they were like, killer. Be killed. And. I. Love that. It was very sexy when you were 25 years old and when you made partner at Bickel and Brewer, you got a Jaguar. Wow. Yeah.


It was a great thing. And the guys who ran Bickel and Brewer, especially Bill Brewer who I know still to this day, the chiseled jaw, like the great suit with the Pocket Square and good looking guy, he looks a little like Robert Redford and John Bickel the same. And there was an image with the Jaguar that is what made them want to give the partners of Bickle Br. Right. So like it was cool. It was like sort of effortlessly f you cool this? I mean I don't know whether Bickle Brew is still doing the, but guarantee you if everybody's sold their Jaguar, there is zero chance. My former friends, my friends and former colleagues at B.


This is so this is a Bud Light moment. Well I think they're unveiling. Yeah. Go Well go broke Bud Light. I think they're unveiling like an electric car or something. And that's You know Electric cars aren't gay, they're gay, not France. Well hence Copy Nothing. 'cause they're trying to differentiate themselves maybe from Tesla. I think Anna is right that this was something that was in development at marketing prior Yeah. To the Trump campaign winning and Yeah. It just seems extremely out of touch and irrelevant. Right. Well to their credit, everybody in the Addest thin. Yeah. Right. We like that. That's a big deal's. Here is the guy Santino Pietro speaking about Jaguar. He's like their, I don't know, marketing guy or spokesperson.


He's high up and he's the one behind this. Speaking at the Attitude Awards 2024, We're seeing progress, threatened freedom's questioned and our rights rolled back. And we're committed to fostering a diverse, inclusive, and unified culture. A culture where our employees can bring their authentic selves to work. And we are on a transformative journey of our own, driven by a belief in diversity, inclusion, creativity established over 15 DEI groups such as Pride Women in Engineering and Neurodiversity Matters. There's too many groups. We've launched Major policy revisions such as transitioning at work to drive equity and just talking about new cars.


We are talking about all new ways of thinking and embracing the full spectrum of human potential and creativity. He's wearing a mess shirt. First of all. Yeah. Elon responded to that ad with, do you sell cars? That's how I feel listening to him there. Yeah. Do do you or don't you? I thought we were selling cars. Who, that's like, well, it's amazing news 'cause woke people Can't drive. So they're not really, They should be a scooter company. Yeah. That's like, who would drive who. Maybe that's what they're pivoting towards. Yeah. To The Jaguar now. Truly, who would drive that? Isn't it a But like I wouldn't be caught dead driving a Jaguar right now. And, I have to say I'm one of, I actually just had to buy a new car 'cause my lease expired.


And I, I looked into Jaguar just to see. 'cause I had a good affiliation given my years at Bickel Brewer, these cool guys who I loved. No, it's over. Thank God. I dodged a bullet there. Yeah. What kind of car did you get? I got another BMW. Nice. I have a BMW now. Classic. I like it 'cause it's sporty, but it's You know it drives great. Love their interior. Yeah. Cool. And I mean it really like accelerates very easily. Yeah, I like that about it. It's fine. Yeah. What do you guys drive? I don't know how to drive. What Do you mean? I dunno how to drive a car. I have a Volvo. Wait. Volvo. They just released the best ad ever. Okay. I don't know if you saw this on the internet. I, I don't have this one ready. Maybe we'll drop it in.


But it was great. It's the opposite of that ad we just saw where it has a man and a woman both attractive. Hello. I don't have to tell you. You're in succession. You're a successful actress. We, we like attractive people. If you're gonna be on camera, try a little For sure. By the way, Katie Couric should take that lesson. Why did she go without makeup on her closeup commentary? There's no point. Well, that's the new thing. It's like among aging women like Paulina Kova and Linda Evangela, where they do like the Instagram stories. No makeup. Okay, but she's not Paulina. no, No. She, yeah. All right. So like, if I, if I were Linda Evangela, maybe I would do it.


I news women like us, Katie, we need to put on the face paint. Anywho Volvo put out this beautiful ad of like a young hot guy with his wife. And she clearly is coming over with that look. And she's telling him she's pregnant. And then he talks to his mom and he's like, I, I'm worried. I, I don't know. Can I take care of them? Then they give birth to a daughter and he's trying to take care of his daughter and the Volvo is like driving and all the scenes. Brilliant. Okay. Yeah. Well, I've actually got something to tell you.


Okay. Kate Kate's partner. Oh, Andy, you're joking. You're gonna be a grandma. Like Leaning into just family and love the nuclear family. How this looks, how we sell, how the vast majority of people live. So now we all have to buy Volvos. I mean, I think in terms of wokeness being over, yeah. Like it is pretty entrenched in the bureaucracy. But as far as media goes, like the people have a bottom line. People wanna make money. You know if the ratings aren't there, if things aren't making money, if the Jaguars aren't selling eventually it might not happen overnight, but things will pivot towards some more.


Like, honestly not even. Right. Like center. Yeah. Normal direction. Yeah. Normal. It's not even like positional. Yeah. And, I. Think now for the first time ever, we have a counterweight, which is the independent media, podcasts, live streams, all of these things that people kind of poo-pooed belittle. But that actually played an important role in getting Trump across the finish line. Yes. And now that there's this counterbalance, I think corporations will probably feel a little freer in sticking with their own values. And the big question I always had about wokeness, because the, the long time justification for wokeness among sophisticated and rational people was that, oh, well it's just like economically sound.


It's good for profit. I don't think it is. I think it Loses People used to get a score from a lot of human rights campaign, which everybody wanted. Yeah. To be like a positive score. It was just a rabidly protran group now used to be just pro gay rights and equality and now it's just rapidly protran. Yeah. But now that bit by bit more and more corporations have said, we don't care what our score is from you. Yeah. I mean 15 DEI groups at Jaguars. Oh, 15. How is, how is that possible? What? I can't even even think of 15. What's, Who's looking at the engine? Possibly something like that. I'm Just curious whether we've covered that. Yeah. I was talking with v DH about the implosion of M-S-N-B-C in the wake of Trump's victory.


I think it's both because people are depressed on the left. And I do think people are realizing they've been lied to. They were not given the straight scoop by anybody, anybody. They said 700,000 viewers a night. That's when, when I was on Fox, it was like 4 million. Yeah. Easily. In, in, in the, in the demo we'd have 700,000, like the 25 to 54. The overall, that's alarming. And this is something I saw, you guys saw this, but I was discussing with my pal Paul Murray of Sky News Australia. So I go on with him once a week. I love Paul Murray. He's just so fun. I love talking to him.


I don't do any other like extraneous news hit. Oh, but I do this one because I just love this guy. And I was mocking those two. And. I was mocking Mika Brezinski champion of women and what a like strong feminist she is. And this clip wound up You know Unforeseeably everywhere. And, it even caught the notice of Red Scare. Here's a bit of it. They were on the cover of, was it New York Magazine 10 years ago? And you have a picture of the two of them where Joe Scarborough is like this. I think he might have his feet up on the table. It's like a power pose for him. And she, she is up there. This is, I'm not dressed for this, but I'm just, I'm gonna show you.


Okay. Cam. Cam, thank you. Yes. Oh my God. That should not be doing this. That's what she did. And he's sitting there in A power position like, yeah, do it baby pose. Show your brain. So I'm so over her. She's about women's rights and empowerment and rate this, this, you're full of shit and we all know it. Yeah. And they went to Mar-a-Lago. Yeah, exactly. They Were eager to, Megan D has to teach you how to Cry.


There's the image fair. That's so nuts. Look at this. I'm sorry. But is this not one of the most sexist things you've ever laid eyes upon? Look at her. She's like Betty Boop. She doesn't get to look in the camera. She's gotta look at him. You see? Yeah. She's looking at him, but he's looking into the camera. He's got the power pose with like the man spread cross-legged thing. And she's got leg up to the hoohaw. I mean, she looks cute. She looks cute. She looks fine. She looks powerful. But my issue with this image is that it's fake. It's a fantasy. 'cause You know in reality, she's the one bossing him around. Do We know that? I don't think that. That's what I think He's such a prick. I feel like it's him. Maybe.


Lemme tell you something. He came on my show on Fox News one time he requested. I'm like, all right, fine. You can move on. And can we keep this going past, you guys can stay a little longer. Sure. Yeah. All right. If we're gonna say goodbye to our lovely SiriusXM audience in about a minute, but we can keep it rolling. After he came on my show on Fox News to promote something, And I said, alright, fine, I'll do it. And I made a joke about how he has four four viewers. Well he didn't, he was like, gimme the look of death. Yeah. And the death dare and couldn't really get past. It was like, alright, we were crushing them at Fox. It was such a joke to compare the two ratings.


Like he had to expect a little guff from a competitor who was giving him, throwing him a bone. Well, by letting him You know, promote his stuff, he couldn't get over it. He was a prick for the interview. I never received so many interviews. I mean so many emails as I did from his staff over at M-S-N-B-C saying, thank God good for you. You did it. He's such an asshole. They all hate him. So I don't know that she's in the power. I feel like he's probably very domine, Often powerful men like to You know. Yeah. I also like stomped on full disclosure. Just learned who Joe and Micko were like this morning that's over here.


We're so you sent the York And I. We were like, we're so ignorant. But I but You know Glen Greenwell. That's how relevant the best take on this. You think where he was like, okay, all these people in the mainstream media, I'm guessing they're mainstream media. Yeah. We're whipped into hysterics. Were telling us for 10 years that like He was Hitler. While we're on the topic of lunatic leftist media, there's a couple of fun things I have for you. Yeah. Let's look at, she used to be respected the Washington posts, Jennifer Rubin. And not only was she respected, she was considered their conservative commentator. She might be, I mean, I guess not number one, but she's in the top 10% of people suffering from TDS.


Right. Like it's rabid. It's gone. It's like what happens when you get bitten by the sick raccoon? The rabies rabies like the, the froth of the mountain. It's set in. It's set in full little house in the prairie style. We'll pull the clip here she is. Can't talk broad themes. You have to boil it down to nuts and bolts. And you have to be pithy. What do I mean by pithy? How about this? Republicans wanna kill your kids. It's actually true. If you're gonna oppose vaccinations, if you're gonna stop breakthrough medical research, if you're gonna allow minors and all sorts of people to get semi-automatic weapons which they use to shoot up schools, well then you are responsible for kids' health and death.


Unfortunately, it has to be that simple and that direct And, it has to be over and over and over again. So what they need to do, in other words, is ramp up the rhetoric about Republicans. That will be a game changer. You see? Yeah. How did that work like two weeks ago? I mean, I really alienated people. And I mean. Do you believe they're still deluding themselves into believing this crap will work? I mean, what about giving them puberty blockers, I guess? Yeah. You know, Chopping off their body parts.


It's like Dr. Mangola style medical experimentation, which nobody talks about. Right. I feel like history, if there are any historians left, will not look kindly to this era. I mean, it just feels like such an inverse of like, Republicans don't wanna kill kids. Right. Nor do they want school shootings. No. They believe that it's a problem of mental health. I think like the worst thing you can say about mainline Republicans is that sometimes they will agree to use their kids as political pawns. But I don't think that they have that kind of antinatalists, anti-life bent left Libs have No, and plus it's like, I mean you, whatever, you can't get going on the topic of abortion.


But it's fine. I mean, good people have different points of view on that, but just to reduce the Republican party down to what they, they want to kill Hil. No one's going to believe that you already played the Hitler card. Yeah. Once you play that once. Well, yeah. But that's what's so perplexing for me that, that Glen was saying that they have played the Hitler card for year, for years. He's literally worse than anybody ever in the history of the earth. Except for Hitler. Except for real Hitler. Except for actual Hitler. He's a absolute threat on to our democracies. Hell about on destroying democracy. And then you're gonna do a photo op of you and him shaking hands.


Right. And you're gonna fly to his beachfront property and you're gonna fall the ring online and kiss the ring. Yeah. And so which one is it? I mean, okay, bill Maher, who's a, a friend of yours. I'm guessing you guys have been on each Other's show friends. Yeah. We've been on each other's show. I think think we have a mutual respect. Right. I have, I have a question for him. How can he sit across from you A Hitler supporter who are Yeah. Loyal about Hitler's supporter and talk about how Trump is a, not only a Bulgarian, but a threat to democracy. Yeah. I don't, bill is a complicated case. Sure. He definitely loathes Trump.


Well, With the passion of 10,000 sons, but he's not woke. You know. He's such an interesting guy. 'cause he's a non woke liberal. Yeah. Well it's an issue. Yeah. Like I was saying, with boomers of like decorum. Yeah. You know, know, they just don't, they find him distasteful. Especially like the elites. Yes. Yeah. Well, Well, and in that way, the Jaguar ad too, it's like in Pan like a, it's a lu. You're selling a luxury product. So you think you're pandering towards like people who can afford jaguars, who you think are gonna fall in line with like DEI woke ideology. But I think that is shifting and people are just becoming more realistic. Well, and the real people who are buying Jaguars are like plumbers in Central Jersey who made a ton of money off of their, Not Anymore small business, but You know, if I were to psychoanalyze Bill Maher and all the rest of these boomers, some of whom I, I really like and respect, it's really the narcissism of small differences.


He's mad because Trump beats him at his own game. Hmm. Which is being Well, They have a personal history too. Yeah. Trump sued him. Okay, Well there you go. Interesting. But I mean, Trump, And I have a personal history. Like you can check that and move past it. Yes. Coming outta wherever. Can I, I remember you remember. Can I Like, that was unpleasant. The switch. I ask you question. Yeah. Okay. Yet Trump said some not very nice things about you, and yet you made the reasonable calculation that he's better for this country than Kamala stood by his side, or very loyal to him. You were Great. Yeah. thank you. Really? Yeah. You were saying really ama great stuff.


thank you. But how did you like squash that beef? Well, it took a while. You know And it, it was organic. It took a while. Like that first year after that debate, which I confronted him. And then he, he really did spend nine months just attacking me. But in Trump's head, I attacked him first. Right. So I, it took me a while to really realize that he really felt like I drew First Blood as opposed to thinking, oh, I'm at a presidential debate. These moderators are gonna ask me tough questions. Right? Like, he felt like I drew First Blood. So you have to factor that in, first of all. And if you go back and you look at that year on the Kelly file, I did hit him sometimes, but not that often. I actually was defending him more than I was hitting him.


I only hit him on the Gold Star family. He attacked a Gold star family and he called that judge overseeing his Trump University case. He said he should step down because he's Hispanic. I was like, all right. That's, that doesn't make sense. But truly, I remember because I was very careful about like, when am I gonna hit him? 'cause I know people are expecting me to just go full TDS, but he just never let up. So I really didn't like him. I was like, he's a bully. He's, he's bullying me. This is unpleasant. And I just couldn't see myself like ever voting for him, even though I had voted Republican in the past several elections. And so I, I, I didn't like Trump. But then he started to govern. I didn't watch the inauguration. I was like, I, I don't wanna watch this.


I'm, I don't know what this next four years entails, but this doesn't bring me any joy. And I'm not gonna take it in this year. I can't wait to go to the inauguration. Like I, I'll go as a reporter, I don't wanna go as an elite guest. I, I'm actually, trust me, I could call there and try to get an invitation. I'm like, no, I wanna, I don't want that kind of a chummy relationship with him. I wanna do my job as a reporter. We'll show up there with my press pass and work the crowd. But over his four years governing, I was like, well, I like that And I like that And I like this. And I saw how unfair the media was to him. And then the Brett Kavanaugh thing was a before and after moment where I was, as I am with all these women, I'm open-minded.


It could have happened. I don't know. Tell me your story. I will listen with an open mind. The more she talked, it was like, what? And then they were trying to sink this guy from the Supreme Court based on a 30-year-old unsubstantiated allegation from a woman who went first in Democrat operatives to bring it forward. And then within two seconds calling him a gang rapist, And I was radicalized onto Team Trump. And then the next four years with a law fair as a lawyer, I was like, oh my God. This is, I mean, thing catastrophic For the country With Eugene Carroll too. It's like, that's how You know these guys are actually clean is because when they have to pull out the dirt that's like ancient and Yes. Nebulous on them, it's like you're like, wow, they must have actually not done anything wrong.


Well, let me ask you, Do you think he had any encounter with Eugene Carol? No. She seems delusional. No. And I mean the best. It sounds like a romance novel where, where he like pushed her into a Bergdorf's dressing room and he gave the best, most credible answer where she's not my type. She doesn't seem like it's type. I mean, yeah. And if that's really the worst and all the other lawfare, like if that's really the worst they have on him, then it really must have not, if they had something credible, we would know. Did, did You guys see the, the deposition testimony where her lawyer was deposing Trump and asking about that statement? She's not my type. And Trump was like, she's not, you're not, you're not, you're not my Trump.


Be perfectly. I mean, that's, that's one of Trump's best qualities that he doesn't really lie. No, sometimes that's what's crazy sometimes. Sometimes he lies in the sense of yeah, like hyperbolizing dramatizing things in service of protecting his record and reputation. But he's actually like totally honest almost a hundred percent of the time. And like Libs have this perception that he's like a died in the wool liar. And they're the ones who are really lying. Yeah. And they're really good at it because they are like, not only misrepresenting the facts, but also like fudging the meaning. And they're doing this in a very like, colluded way where all of them are on board.


So no one person actually has to take accountability or be responsible. They're, they're sort of waiting for Rachel Maddow to get their talking points for the week. Who by the way, Also, no one's watching. No one's watching. But I, I have to tell you something very sad. Rachel Maddow took a pay cut. I read this gone from post today from $30 million a year to $25 million a year. Single tier boohoo for one hour of television a week. Oh. However, will she make it? Wait, we pulled over. What soundbite what did we pull over? We pulled over. Oh, Trump at the deposition. This is worth playing. Let's no, what, what, go ahead.


Play it. When you said in that video that Ms. Leeds would not be your first Amazing choice, You were referring to her physical looks. Correct? Just the overall, not my, I look at her. I see her what she says, whatever. You wouldn't be a choice of mine either, to be honest with you. I'll be not insulted. I would not under any circumstances have any interest in you. I'm being, I'm honest when I say it, she, I would not have any interest in. Yeah. I mean she has like such a horny psychopath. Yeah. The the lawyer? no, no. E Eugene. Totally all her.


Like who Name their cat vagina. Yeah. And all she has all these like raunchy tweets and stuff. Yeah. She's like clearly a very like demented corn lady. Yeah. She's like a sexual assault ambulance chaser. Wait, while my team is paying attention, do we have the one where he says fortunately or unfair, fortunately about the grab him by the P word. I don't this, we're gonna go find it. This was the best. I mean, he's such a crowd pleaser. Right? Right. Explain that. How do you see that clip? Which one? Well, Whatever what you're saying here. Yeah. That He is You know. Even if you don't, I have a real message of like, mercy You know. I think like, it's okay if you didn't like Trump before. JD Vance didn't like Trump before. Right. You know.


I didn't either. And I wanted speaking for him. Yeah. And like now we can all just enjoy him. Yeah. When he, when Biden won four years ago, I remember distinctly feeling like, I can tell the liberals Ms. Trump. And now he's izing they won. They can all set aside our differences. He really is like a unity, a unifying candidate. That is the best alternative take I ever It's so true. And it's like to circle back to what you were saying when you were talking about how we were Bernie Bros. And we pivoted to Trump. I don't really like the purity testing. You're allowed to change your mind. Absolutely. It's not a cynical thing. And the fact of the matter is that Libs, I've said this on the show, I'm gonna repeat myself yet again.


Liberals say they hate Trump because he sows hateful and divisive discourse among other things. But it's really the exact opposite. They're threatened by the fact that he's a unifying force with mass appeal. That's what they're really upset about seeing. They can't handle that're seeing. Yeah. We're seeing, we're seeing it. Oh, wait, pause on where we're seeing it. And they found the deposition clip. Let's watch. I just start kissing them. It's like a magnet. Just kiss. I don't even wait. And when you're a star, they let you do it. You can do anything. Grab them by the pussy. You could do anything. That's what you Said, correct. Well, historically, that's true with stars. True with stars.


That they can grab women by the Pussy. Well, that's what it's, if you look over the last million years, I guess that's been million, Million, million years that they're, they're stars, Unfortunately or fortunately. And you consider yourself to be a star. I think you can say that. Yeah. And yeah. Now you said, Yeah, that's enough. Whatever. We did it. That's The best. When you're a star, they let you do it. Unfortunately or fortunately. Yeah. It's so true. It's so true. He's got an amazing Yeah. We've always called him our first Jewish president. Yeah. Because he has the cadence of like fel and our first woman president.


Yeah, he does. He does. Yeah. He's a genta. He's, he's just like super upfront and actually pretty even handed at the end of the day. But the thing that liberals object to, it's just like elitism, plain and simple. Like they have that very unfortunate combination of snobbery and cowardice. Hmm. Well said. Wow. That's exactly it. That that's all it is. Yeah. So when they say That's exactly right, he's a threat to democracy. Well, the democratic process has elected him. And also they never stopped to think that they might be the real threat to democracy with their like, endless law fair and media manipulation and like bending of norms and values.


But that is what I think when I think of Scarborough. Yeah. The day after the election, he went out on his show and he was like, I know you don't watch and nobody watches. No, you're fine. Don't star. I've never even Heard of him. But he I Love that about you. But he went out on his show and he was like, he, he was a, a huge first Biden and then Kamala booster. And he was like, I've been telling him about this trans issue. I You know. I've been saying it many times. You know you really, you're on the wrong side. There are You know people care about this. They don't want boys and girls sports. You were, I don't remember that. I only heard you ripping on Trump and calling him Hitler and saying Kamala Harris was the most articulate, inspiring orator, et cetera.


You lied. Really what you did was lie. But that's exactly right. He, he was full of cowardice. And by the way, my team says that they have pulled the, the bite when he was on the Kelly fo that I referenced. Let's take a look. Debbie Murphy has sent me the background and said, clip, let's watch it. And I will tell you whatever background she found. There's still a blonde woman on the set interrupting you at every turn. I, I swear to God it's, it is whether it's like six in the morning or it's nine at night. Yeah. What? Come on, somebody call me out Here. Only, Only if you snapped your fingers at me. You'd have eight fingers instead of 10. Right. There you go. Boy, you really, you did your research, didn't you weren't You got your own show. I got another guests. I weren't concerned. You Talk about it tomorrow morning. Roger ELs. Lemme come on the show.


Thanks for being here. If you wanna see more of Joe, you can join his four viewers and see it tomorrow morning. No, just kidding. They Okay, so they didn't get the end. That's so gracious. Yeah. They didn't get the end where he did not laugh. He was not happy. He was upset about my four viewers, which was true. And the, the snap your finger, he snapped his fingers in front of Mika's face like that. Even just the two of us sitting here, woman to woman. It's obnoxious. no, no, no. Like I get your fingers outta my face. no, no, that's but very a man doing it to a woman is really like, go F off. Wait, are they married? No. Engaged. But they had an affair. They were both cheating. They fell in love on morning. Joe, forgive me. 'cause I don't have my air. Who does that?


Forgive me because I don't have all my facts about these two at the ready. Yeah. Yeah. But I'm well, 90% sure. Right. Steve Kracker. They were both married to other people and they were cheating on those people. Wow. Look, it happens. I understand. That makes me wanna watch Morning Jo. Honestly, s just like crystal ball for real. Then she's out there like sex pot with her leg up. And again, like I did kind of sex potty photos. I did not potty. That connotes a different thing. Hmm. Sex pot esque photos for gq. So it's not that I'm saying she shouldn't so show off her sex appeal. It's that particular photo from a woman who wants us to believe she's a feminist. She's all about female rights or she's looking at him.


She's not looking at camera. She's basically showing her ass. And he's sitting in the power position looking directly into the camera. She's looking over her shoulder. No a any self-respecting woman would've said no. But can I tell you something funny? We'll drop it into this. My earpiece keeps coming out. Well, you, you don't need it. You can just listen. That's fine. But I did the GQ photos. Yeah. When I was turning 40. Wow. And I was pregnant with my second child. And I. How far along? And I, gq. I was like four months pregnant when I did the shoe. We'll find it, we'll put it. But I went, they were like, GQ would like to do a profile on you. Would you like to go do it? And I'm like, sure, I'll do it.


Fox kind of said, you should do it or you shouldn't do it. So I, I followed their advice. So I go with the PR person over there and they were like, how do you feel about wearing like a sexy outfit? And meanwhile, I'm four months pregnant. And, it iss my second child. So like things that already popped down there, You know. Like it doesn't hold together as well in child number two. And to be honest, it didn't hold together well on child number one. But in any event, I'm like, sure, I'll go over and they, they put all this fake hair. I mean I have fake hair now, but there it was fake there. It was temporary. Fake. Yeah. Yeah. They just put it in for a day and they glammed me up. I looked so like sexy in a way that I'd never seen myself. Yeah, yeah. And I was like, sure. Oh, they found it. Look here we go. Okay. Yeah. So I like that. I remember this look, first of all, I have boobs.


It's tasteful. I don't normally have boobs. I have like, I used to call 'em killer bees. I like, but they were like floating club. They were Cs And I. So now people are upset over my mocking Mika Brezinski in that. And they're like, you pose for G You're looking in the camera. Yeah. You're owning it. I don't Have a man there. No. Hey, my issue with those photos isn't that she's doing like a sexy slutty pose that goes against her feminist bonafides. It's that just corny and theater kid-like Totally. It's not right for her. It really depends on the person. It is right for her because it shows her subservient.


Yeah. I mean you got, you were saying you got cut off, but that some douche bag men like being like crap done. Well, It's like a cliche, like got men who work in finance will patronize dominatrixes because their lives are so, they have so much power and they're, they're under so much pressure that, that they then like to be like subjugated. It's almost, yeah. It's Like you're a bad boy. Yeah. It's a kind of a classic sexual pathology. That's not But that's not what was in that photo. No, no, no. Right. It was, look at me. Who took that photo? Was it Ani Leitz? It looks like it was Vanity Fair. Looks Like her Handy were, yeah, they were on the cover of Vanity Fair. Oh, How have, I dunno if it was, was it the cover?


It probably was. I was on the cover of Vanity Fair. How have they had Not with that photo. That was geeky. So few viewers for so long. Mark sell. Was it the cover Steve k Grauer? He's looking it up. no, it wasn't the cover. I just feel Very Oh, about Jessica Borough Scarborough Possibly running for president. It was 2012. Wow. The open laps. Finish your point. What were you gonna say? Dasha? Oh, how long, how have they had their show for so long with so Few viewers? Yeah. Yeah. Good question. I mean, M-S-N-B-C just doesn't have a lot of viewers. It never did. Mm. The slashies, I was making fun of this earlier, but if you get less than 50,000, which has never been a thing on Foxdale, we've never ever, you, you were never flirting with a slash.


But if you get hundred 50 gets flashy, 50,000 viewers. That's lot. But that's good for podcasts. Yes. It's not good for cable Podcasts who don't have like a video. Why not? Thing we're lazy. Yeah. It's not hard. I know. We don't, it's just us. We don't have like, I might or anyone. Well, I might have to make this happen for you. Okay. I mean, that'd be nice. No, Well that, that, speaking of being on camera, is this, how do you, how are you talking like this as a Hollywood actress? Well, I mean, yeah, it hasn't been great for my career, but I have other things going You know. I'm not like, well, just an actress, I'm a multihyphenate.


But I think things will shift. And. I mean it's always not ideal. I mean, you had Rachel Ziegler on the docket too. I think actresses should be quiet. So like I understand why She's such an asshole. You Know. Would, is she the one that's on the cover of Cosmo with the cover story authored by Jack Antonoff? I don't know. I just know the same girl. Her stupid statements in the news. I mean, look what? Yeah. I think actresses should be quiet. And I. Love that You can be hindered. And I'm like, I don't, I understand why I've been hindered in my career as an actress for being a media personality. Have you, do you feel like they've silenced you? Well, just, it's not ideal. It's a liability. People don't like liability. Does your agent say, Tasha, Shut up. Yeah. Yeah, of course it sure does.


He sure does. Of course. But I think things will shift and You know. Right? Well, right now they're looking for Trump supporters for movies, for television shows for the view. Like now they can be like, we hired Dacia. What do you mean we're fair and balanced? Well now that they, yeah, I mean it's, yeah, it's, I think just any kind of like commentary will make reliability Here. So the reason we had Rachel Ziegler on the docket is she's an asshole. That's number one. You called her a pig. She's a pig. I know I'm harsh sometimes. I really get She's a young girl. Oh fuck her.


We've called people slam pigs. So there we go. thank you. Anna gets it. No, no, no. I know, but I just mean she's You know it's actresses aren't known for their like, she's So annoying. I know she's dumb. She's young and she's dumb. But maybe she'll learn You know what she's whatever. I called her. It worked. She Apologized. She did a 180 after I attacked her. And she deserved it. You deserved it, my dear. Hopefully you'll grow up soon. You should listen to the Megan and Kelly show. It'll help you. So she came out and took a large dump on half of the country. Everyone who voted for Trump, I remember her words. She hopes they know no peace. Right? Or something really bad. And that Trump knows no peace. The man's already been almost assassinated twice.


So maybe check the rhetoric. So I attacked her and then she came out and she said, I apologize. Like I, I went too far. But it wasn't sincere because she's had a long history of saying woke annoying things. Our new Snow white and my team, my helpful team pulled this thought from just soundbite sound on tape. SOT from December, 2023 in which, I mean, I would say she leans into her role as both victim and heroine. Listen. And to everyone who hates when I win the Winged victory came to the Louvre in pieces and people still line up to see her.


Oh my God. And I can only help. What does that mean? It's a statue That despite my flaws and despite my cracks and my breaks, and there are many of them that at every premiere and everything I do, people will wait in line to see. I mean, she's an actress. They do that. She's Can you please analyze that from a, from an actor director perspective? They, that's what actress, that's how they are. They're emotional. They're You know. Was that act? They're porous. Yeah. I mean, but No. Like, could, could you do that? Could should I start crying?


Yeah. They're por Yeah, they're porous. They're like You know. They're not known. They're not intellectuals. No. My friend Melissa Francis is a childhood actor. She was on Little House on the Prairie. She and Ja Jason Bateman were like the new Ingles kids when the originals aged out. So they had to bring a new one. So, so, so she and he star together and she's amazing. 'cause she's still gives her children a hard time when they fake cry. Really? That's what you have to do. You have to laugh at them. And. then they break out into a chuckle. 'cause they know, she's Like, can I see a real tear? I, I would produce true water works. You're gonna have to up your game if you're gonna be in this family.


You can't Just cont actors as a friend of mine. Put it. Kids are stupid but intuitive and they can see you see through you every single time. And, I think that's what like actors are too, a lot of the time. Stupid But intuitive. Yes. Yeah. They have a different kind of intelligence. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. I agree. Well, what did you think of the Oprah Town Hall with Meryl Streep? Madam President. Oh, I, I mean, Madam Vice. Oh, did I say president? I didn't watch. I didn't watch it. Good for you. This is why you're happy. P how old are you? 33. Yeah. You're living your life. Having a great life. You know. How old are you? Do you mind if I ask? Sorry. Why? Because I look old. No, I I shouldn't have asked it of either one of you. I'm 39. So What's the story like?


I, we talked last time. One of you is from Belarus her and one of you is from Russia. Moscow. Yeah, from Moscow. Okay. So you then you came over to the United States with your parents and how did you find each other again? Remind us. Well, she moved to the West Coast. I moved to the East Coast. Bru. No fault of our own And I. Don't know. I mean, I think like we were mutuals and social media and we had some mutual friends in New York. Yeah. I moved to New York in 2018, which is when we started the show. I was in New York since 2009. But we had been following each other online. And we had both been, Yeah. Why are, why are you so much alike? Like the way, the way you speak, you have like a sort of quiet affect.


We're astrologically really Compatible. You're cut. But I love your cutting commentary with the, with like the flat affect. It's very effective. I think it's Slavic though. Yeah. Is it? It's, yeah. Like Melania. Like Melania. Yeah. I love watching her parenting videos where she's like, parent is gonna go to school and then he'll get his suitcase and it's literally how I talk to my toddler and you can tell that she really loves him and she's really enthusiastic about him, but she's keeping her emotions Totally regulated. Regulated, yeah. At bay. Because she doesn't wanna lose control. Does it surprise you that she married Trump? No. And stayed with Trump? no. no.


Why? Explain that. Because she's smart. I mean, well people love to slander her as like a eastern European prostitute. I feel like she experiences a lot of anti Slavic rhetoric. But she's clearly obviously like a very smart, an Alex woman, She's six languages. Yeah. Yeah. And she's discreet, but she can't be set of a lot of people. They love to pull up her like nude and risque photos and be like, They, they think that's a slam. Yeah. Yeah. This isn't the own you think it is. She looks great. And all models did, nude photos We're all like, oh man, I have to try harder.


You gotta get to the gym. And Ivanka was Slavic as well. So he has a type, Right? Well describe Eastern European women. I mean, we're effectively American so we're Probably, but You know these women, You know women like that. I think they're deceptively warm, but they have a reputation for being cold. But actually most like Russian and Salva Gomen I've known are very, Why would she put up with like, I mean, I don't know, whatever about Stormy Daniels, but there's no question I think that Trump has not been totally faithful. Yeah. So why would she put up with that? Mm. Maybe. 'cause she's not super sentimental.


Yeah. And You know she has a good life. She loves her son, she loves her husband. It's not, it's, I don't know. Doesn't have to be like a deal breaker necessarily for everyone. I would say like at the end of the day, Eastern European women have a warm heart and mean well, but they have a contempt for weakness. So you always have to save face. I share that. Yeah. I know. I can tell like you That's, But it's true. Very Interesting. But I think that that's all like non retarded women who end up, like they happen to always lean slightly. Right. Not because they're necessarily even like politically invested or involved, but that's just like how it goes.


Yeah. That explains a lot. I know she's like impeccable. Her beauty, her style, her class. Yeah. You could not behave any better. Right? Like what could, what more could you ask of her? And yet she gets totally ignored by Vogue and all the other magazines, they're, they have no interest in her because she's married to Trump. Yeah. Or yeah. Or they talk about how she's like basically a prostitute that she married who's like ready to betray him at any moment, which she hasn't done. And when she, The New York Times called her a mannequin when he was running a mannequin. Like really? And that's so sexist. I know this magazine that wants us to believe they're totally woke and evolved and so on.


Yeah. Alright, so what's your prediction for the next four years? How's it gonna go? Are these liberals who told us he was Hitler gonna try to be more open-minded in their coverage because they know that their base actually may have voted for him. The working class minorities, even women in much larger numbers than expected. Are they gonna try to say like, I'm gonna be fair, or are they gonna be their normal selves and try to ruin him? I think, well, I think if he does follow through on the mass deportations, we're gonna have kids in cages. We're gonna have lots of like trauma porn basically.


But for the most part, I, I've said this on the show, like they don't have it in them the way they used to. They're not doing the women's marches. There's no hashtag resistance. Like I just don't think they have the energy or the popular, they like the writings on the wall. So I think for the most part it won't be as bad as the TDS was during this first term. I think they're gonna recede into their own enclosed like siloed sphere of media. Like the Ezra Klein, the Maddie Glas, I can't pluralize that name. That's, That's After Martini. Well done. And Sam Harris was just on his podcast talking about the failures, the commonwealth's failures and Trump's victory.


And You know basically like lying through his teeth though he's not even aware that he is lying. I agree with Dasha. I don't think it's gonna be as bad or as strident as it was before. And the one, I'm a natural, like cynic and pessimist. But the one thing that makes me feel really, really hopeful about this administration is that everybody in it is so young. They're like my age. Yeah. And so it's very clear JD Vance is 40. He's 40, he's a year older than me. So it's like very clear that Trump is not only like interested in remaking the Republican party in his own image. He's also interested in injecting it with new blood and giving it a future.


Tulsi is 43. Hegseth is 44. They're So young. Think About it. I mean, that's crazy. My door guy said advance be president for eight years. I mean, you can only hope. Right? That would be such a gift to the country. Yeah. You Ladies are a pleasure. Thank You. thank you. Yeah. I, I I would suggest that we hang out socially, but I am like old enough to be your mother, so it would be not appropriate, but it come again. Yes. We would love to, to please Do. It was so fun. It's been great. thank you. Nice To see you in person. Wow. Right. Did you love them? The ladies of Red Scare, thank you all for listening and we'll see you Monday. Have a great weekend.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET. MGM Sportsbook. That's right. not just the highs. Woo The Os Oh or the no, no nos. no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So. whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only. get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now. live across the D MV bet MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BetMGM dot com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. gambling problem call one 800 GAMBLER.