
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East.


Okay, this is going to be the greatest show we've ever done. I just want you to know today is going to be the greatest show we have ever put on the air in the history of the Megan Kelly show. Well over 1000 episodes. And if I'm a liar, You can email me. We're gonna nail this show, and I know because I've already seen half of it. Let me explain. Welcome everybody just back from DC And by the way, check out my hour long Sit down with FDA Commissioner, Dr. Marty McCarey. You guys know him from Johns Hopkins and from being a covid contrarian in the best sense, a man of sense, who is for that reason elevated to run and reform the FDA by President Trump. And we had a really good sit down together yesterday, and he went over some of the things he's encountered at FDA since taking over 17 days ago, and some of the swamp creatures who came out to try to snare him when he was named.


So, it's a, it's a great exchange. I think you'll really enjoy it. It's doing very well. But now we told you we were gonna do this. Okay. Maureen Callahan came on in a month or two ago when Meghan Markle, as ever series dropped. And, You know, we deconstructed it. You may recall. And we had an idea at that time. And our idea has become a reality. Now. Maureen is a columnist for the Daily Mail, and she's also here to promote her new show on the MK Media Network. You can find it wherever you get your podcasts for free. It's just being produced by us. And it's called The Nerve with Maureen Callahan The Nerve.


It launches on Tuesday of next week. So go subscribe now and we'll run Maureen up to the top of the charts at The Nerve Show on YouTube, apple, Spotify, and all social platforms.


Let's be real. Our modern world can be toxic from ultra processed foods to environmental chemicals. Our bodies are under attack every single day. And one of the biggest casualties are digestion. Millions of people suffer with indigestion, bloating, and upset stomach. But here's the good news. We do not have to just accept this. Our ancestors had the answer all along. Bitter foods, bitter herbs and plants have been used for centuries to stimulate digestion, supporting detox, and keep the gut thriving. This is why JustThrive Digestive Bitters can be a game changer with a powerful blend of ancient time-tested bitter herbs. JustThrive says that just one dose before meals wakes up your digestive system, helping you absorb nutrients better, break down food, and say goodbye to bloating and sluggish digestion, ditch modern toxins, and get back to what our bodies were designed for. Reclaim your gut health with JustThrive Digestive bidders. Available now at JustThrive health.com. Use code Megan to save 20% off your first order. That's JustThrive health.com promo code. Megan.


Maureen, welcome back. You know, Megan, I've said this to you before, and I mean, it truly, I do not know what I've done to deserve you. Oh, I really, really don't. Oh, Maureen. And you, your, that was your idea, by the way. I am just gonna give you full credit for it to do the Meghan Markle spoof show. And we got, I think, to act out a lot of our frustration. And I think we, we are absorbing a lot of communal energy. Yes. Because the response, just even to the trailer that you put up last night, has been like a huge catharsis. They're with us, Right? They're with us. Everyone's with us. We all get it. And we all needed this.


I'm gonna show it in a minute, but before we get, and Maureen hasn't seen it. Okay. I intentionally withheld it from Maureen. I have seen it. And I died. I died multiple times over. I laughed so hard. Abby and I watched it together. Our stomachs hurt. We were laughing so hard. Oh my God. We're gonna keep the sound down here on the set as we watch it. 'cause we don't wanna ruin it for you guys with our laughter. But before we get to that, I do wanna start with the trailer for The Nerve. You all love Maureen, and I love this trailer. 'cause it really does give you AFL a feel and a flavor for who she is. 'cause a lot of people don't know her yet, and they're about to watch this. This is The Nerve when Ben Affleck moves out of the $65 million marital home he shared with J-Lo in the metaphorical Dead of Night while she's off in Europe.


We're going to analyze it like the collapse of the Roman Empire. When Meghan Markle drops yet another mediocre show or podcast. We're going to take it all apart like a pinata. We'll also be covering true crime in real time. Diddy, Luigi Mangione, Brian Berger, all those trials and what they say about America. We are your home for all things pop culture, including fashion, tv, movies, books, social media, and the new health and wellness space targeted particularly at women. And I promise you, you'll never guess what we're about to say next. The Nerve with Maureen Callahan launching Tuesday, April 22nd.


Please join us. I will, I will. I'm subscribing now The Nerve with Maureen Callen. You guys love Maureen. Do it. Support her and make sure we get her voice out there. Thank you, Megan. And while I have your attention, Joseph Massey, who is on promoting his poetry book, America, is the poem, has now risen, not only well past Maria Shriver on the number one and under Poetry, but his book went up to number 18 in all books in America on Amazon. That is Remarkable. Still in the top 50. God bless you, Megan Kelly. Show viewers, God bless you for helping Joseph Massey. It's, we have Wow. Un Him. We have single-handedly the audience of this show, UN Joseph Massey. That's incredible.


And that's, You know, we were doing a dress rehearsal yesterday for The Nerve, and we were saying, You know, this is like, this is the place where you, you can't get canceled. Yeah. Like, this is not what we're here for. That's Right. Yeah. Thank, and I love the name, by the way, The Nerve. Thank you. It's So clever. Well, It's apt right now because I am more nervous than I've ever been in my entire life. I, I am having physiological si. But I will be ready to go Yes. In that chair next week. Well, that working it out a little bit, That makes it even more fun for us to watch. Oh yeah, sure. We're not used to seeing you nervous. Okay. Okay. So back to our project. Where, which camera am I supposed to be looking at? Steve? I'm all disoriented. This one or the white one.


Okay. I don't know. I I, I've, I've never been on TV before. I don't. Right. Okay. Okay. So this is like an Oscar's red carpet situation for Maureen and yours Truly today. And the reason is, we did the shoot and we created our own version of her terrible Netflix show, which she calls With Love. Megan and I had this extremely talented producer who I've worked with for years come over and he, this guy's a miracle man. He did it all himself. We did not rehearse anything. Maureen and I did not talk beforehand. Everything you're about to see is ad-libbed, and I think you're going to love it as much as I do.


You'll be seeing it along with Maureen for the very first time installment. One of our own With Love. Megan, it's important to me to stay relatable. It's Megan like with a hard a Megan. I love to elevate a guest's visit. Finally. I can breathe again. Cheers. Dear our love friends, can you please zoom in?


Welcome everyone. I am so excited to share this day with you, just like In a tree With my good friend who's coming over. I love friendship and I decided to elevate my day and yours by having Maureen come over so that everyone can really love me and see the real me m as I am at home in my actual kitchen. She's here. Oh my God. Hi. Hi. You look amazing. Look even broader.


It's so Good to see You. Thank you so much for having me to your beautiful, incredible kitchen. This Whole thing. I'm so glad to be renewing our lifelong friendship. Me too. I haven't heard from you in forever. I wondered what happened. You know the kids, did I do something? No. Stop. By the way, I love your Luke. Sorry. What's that? You're Luke, you look amazing. You're Luke. My, my Luke, my, my, my Luke. My Luke. She likes my Luke. Anywho. Come on. Come On in. Okay. I'm doing something really generous for you. Oh yeah. Oh, I thought it might be nice if I made you a special gift basket.


Okay. Because, You know, you stay in somebody else's house. You always feel uncomfortable. You know, they don't really want you there. And I just wanted you to know when you're upstairs, alone in the other wing by yourself, that we are thinking about you and we've given you enough things to help make you stay there as long as you'd like. That's very thoughtful. Guess what I'm making for you? A side of corn, Microwave popcorn. Most people would just phone it in by going Orville, redden, Baer, or, You know, one of those brands, right? Toxins. Ton of toxins. Really what we are going to do is just plop them in there.


Here, take one. You plop it right in there. It's so simple. Only the lazy people don't do this. Put it In a paper bag. Here we go. It's right behind you. Are you sure this is safe? I'm sure it's fine. Pop in there. Okay. Okay. I do this all the time. Okay, here we go. We're gonna pop that baby in there for about two minutes and let the good times roll. Yeah. So I'm a Founder now. My company's called as ever, products that you can't get anywhere else, like Jam. Jam. Yeah. Jam. No kidding. There's a huge market. Huge. I never saw you as really a jam person.


What? But we know each other so well. What Do you I mean, that's what I mean. Like, we know each other so well and still just takes me by surprise. That's what I mean. It's almost done. Only 32 seconds more. Okay. The moment of truth Still Having, oh my God, You did it. We're going to put it in one of these special cellophane bags because what is a fancy food staple? If it doesn't get put in a fancy bag, we're just gonna dump it in there. Get rid of that.


It's okay. These aren't, it's not expensive like your clothes are. We're gonna How fun that is. I can, Oh, no. One more. There we go. May I taste a Matt? It's okay. I Nailed It. So now what's important is to make sure that there's a bow on everything, which is gonna have to do a little cutting and make sure that it looks absolutely perfect. I really like to cut my ribbons in a diagonal because I'm not a barbarian.


And I really recommend that you do it too. And by the way, I really hope you're noticing all these beautiful, fine finishes I'm doing on your special gift basket. I'm not done. Okay. I have some more little baggies and that's because I have more little treats for you. Oh, wow. Yeah. So I have to be honest, I've pretty much exhausted myself on the corn and the cob, and therefore I went store-bought. But these are amazing and you're going to absolutely love them. This, we're Just gonna put into different bags. They're spectacular. Wow. Yeah. You bought those, like you, did you go and buy them in the store?


Well, I mean, they were purchased for you. That's the important thing. Yeah, exactly. The thought is everything. Look How easy I can make this. I open them, then I open the bag. Could you, oh, of course. Yes. And then look what I do. Could You open, open That more? Okay. And then I just, and then I just dump It Just like that. Where, where are you getting all these like mini brainstorms? What's, I'm so impressed by this. I mean, you have to be A Founder to really, I, I Guess, understand it fully, but maybe in the next wave of our friendship I'll try to explain it to you. Hold that tight, please.


Oh, Okay. Now we're going to use a different color ribbon because we want everything to feel special in its place. And how do we cut the ribbon, Maureen? On an angle. There we go. It's just so fun sharing my love language with my friends. Yes. Yes. I mean, this is what friendship is all about, really. This special time of bonding and me asking you lots of questions about yourself. Right? 'cause you really come alive when you talk about yourself. Megan, I don't know if we're supposed to maybe mention your marriage, which seems like the love story of all love stories, really. My husband Dee, he, he gets me.


He isn't exactly what I thought he was. I mean, I, I was told there'd be a big castle. It, You know, it's fine. I can make do this in this place, but it's fine. What's important is love. Right? The most important thing. And and friendship. Yes. Friendship. Yes. Yes. Where would we be without our friends? And I have, my pretzels is yet another token of the highest esteem in which you hold me. It's super high. Great. Okay. Could not be higher.


I'm crying. I'm crying. I'm laughing so hard. I have not seen any of that. That day flew by the way. It flew. And, and we had not talked before. There was no script. No. I didn't even have like a scene breakdown of anything. Nothing just walked in cold. And I don't know whether to be proud of us or feel sorry for us, that we are so well versed in what Meghan Markle or her supplicant would say at any given moment, that we could just ad lib all day long. And it's true. The cocktails helped a lot. Yes. Those were real. The my favorite thing, my fa favorite part of the whole thing is like the one layer down boiling rage I have for you.


Oh yes. And everything. And one layer down, if that obvious like subservience and fear you have for me. Well, I told you after that, to me, I, like my inner child really came out, my inner child who spent 12 years being tormented by nuns in Catholic school. Right? Yeah. So the instinct is just defer and run the other way. Right. So that's all I had to do with you is just defer, defer, defer, and get outta there. It's so exactly. I feel if I do say so myself. We really nailed, especially like her and Daniel, the way she is with guest number one and kind of Mindy Kaling too. Yes. They're obviously all afraid of her hair trigger.


And she's like, she could snap at any moment. I'm Sussex now. Snap at any moment. Like turn on the charm just a little bit. Or like, but to, I, I did tell you you were slightly terrifying that day. You were very, very, very good as Meghan Markle. I, I, I I'm dying. It's, I can't, I can't believe it. It's my interpretation of Meghan Markle. It's, that's how I see her in my, in our parody of her and her ridiculous show. And you can't, for the listening audience, you definitely need to go watch this one on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly. You must, I mean, truly, if you can see the graphics, it, he's laid in all these pictures of me as a fake royal with a tiara, by the way. It's all ai.


Those are all AI photos, which is a, they, it looks amazing. It really looks like I'm a Beekeeper. It looks like A photo shoot. That Beekeeper thing with like the sun hitting you from like every and this beatific look on your face. Here it is again. Oh my God. And me is like with a, with my roast Turkey and with my chickens. Look me with my tiara and my chickens that I clearly amazing raising and getting eggs from. That looks amazing. This is all fake. It's ai. It's crazy how good it is. And he, he's laid in these little, there's your Australian dug in our royal carriage. The, the, the headlines, like the slate in front of the scenes include how to make microwave popcorn, how to put pretzels in a bag.


And the other thing you don't get when you're just listening to it is Maureen's expert side eye to the camera. It was, I mean, it was really easy to play straight man to you because the Absurdity, like, again, you didn't even have to take it up a level. Like we were just doing what she was doing on the show. That's right. Like when you were like, I'm gonna, first of all, this is how much I adore you. Yeah. I bought you store ball, plot pretzels. Right. Like, it's like, that's just funny. And you, It's just funny. You would like, it's so nice to be here in your kitchen. Right. Which is exactly what we do with friends. You know, we, we take 'em to the kitchen. We put them to work when they come over Of course thing. Yeah. You sort of berate them for not slicing things properly or getting ice together.


Or, my favorite bit was the faucets and the water and like, oh yeah. You were criticizing the way I was like turning the faucet on First. You helped yourself without asking me. I, I told Jake who was running the cab, I was like, you left for a minute. I was like, don't tell Megan I'm getting a glass of water. Don't tell her I'm in her cabinet. She's method right now. Yeah. Anything could happen. Exactly. Okay, so now we're gonna play part two for you. And this is part two of two, although there is a part three that You know, we'll see. But for today, we have two parts. And I think you're gonna enjoy this just as much. Here we go. I'm back. Okay, here we are.


I like to keep this on hand just from life in Connecticut. I think this is the earliest that I've had alcohol in a long time. Oh, welcome to Montecito. I can do it. Okay. I'm, there's Nothing you can't do. I know, I know. I'm a common girl and I don't have people do it for me. I've got it. It's disgust. Are You gonna hurt yourself? Gonna be fine. This is how I, this is how I interchange. Oh. Oh, there you go. Like, I've been doing it my whole life. I never doubted you. There we go. Woo. Good time. Wow. Am I gonna get hammered? No, that's why I'm feeding you. I think people are happier when they're around me if they're intoxicated.


There we go a little bit more. Ah. Oh wait. It's very important for you to put a little fruit in my bubbly. I think it elevates it. Here we go. Yes. Megan, Tell me where you got that gorgeous bracelet. It's Megan. Megan. You keep saying Meghan Markle. You know I'm Sussex now. It's very important to me. My dearest friends know it's Megan like the month of May. Right, right, right, right, right. Don't worry if something gets on your white clothes, you can just give it to your maid and she will take care of it. Cheers ma. Cheers dear. Cheers. Dear. You know how I like to say rhymes to me So great to see you.


I think it's important that we elevate our ice cubes. I feel like too many people foam this portion of the day in. If You could just learn like I have to elevate the ice cubes, you'll have more friends and more people will give you compliments. This is what we have to use my friend still water that's natural and bottled. Do not just use tap water. So we fill up the ice tray here. You try it. Anyone can do it. Oh, okay. And you don't hold, you don't hold it like that. You just hold it higher up on, on the neck like that. Yeah. Okay. Great job. But it's not just gonna be regular ice cubes. Maureen. No. Okay. This is, we are gonna put flower petals into the ice tray.


It's like a markle sparkle situation. No. Could you please grab some? Sure. What do those flowers say on them? There's like a tag Nonedible. That's fine. In small doses. And then we're just going to drip them into the ice tray. Okay. We're just gonna pop them right into the freezer. Oh, that reminds me. Ah, completely forgot. Yeah, we were gonna make my special sun tea. We're going to get rid of the little Lipton signs. Can I Ask you, is there a reason you're not using British tea? What? American tea? I've got an issue with the Brits. Oh, you may have read about it. Just to make it extra special.


Elevate it. You might say. Okay, here we go. Here we go. So the dog treats Okay. Dog biscuits. I'm gonna let you just follow what I've written down my instructions while I, I think it's time for an now with Chase. Will you keep working? And I'll be right back. This is sort of the history of our friendship. I do all the heavy lifting Here she comes, here she comes. And I'm back fresh as the daisy.


So you're well on your way with the dog biscuits. That's important on a lightly floured surface. We're gonna roll out the dough. Quarter Cup of water to finish it off Filtered. Of course someone put, there was water in the mixture room. Someone got left alone in the kitchen for another costume change. So Not too worried. I I saw this coming ta I already You already made Them. I already made them. Perfect. And guess what, since you already know this 'cause you made them, they can be eaten by humans too. Some in substance of coming to Megan's house for fun. You're going to eat dog food and you're going to like it.


Come. Good job. Okay. That's it. Your dogs are so well Behaved, Megan. Oh, thank You. It's just the kind of house I run. Look at that perfect amber color. No one else has ice sprinkles. Cheers Dear. No problems whatsoever. Just a wick. Oh no, I'm dying.


I was like doubled over in tears. I'm on my second tissue. I can that we're Both fixing our makeup during the, the, during The, like while that was running video. Oh my God. I mean also St. Strudwick really? I think the, the secret weapon of that entire bit because Megan's dog, I believe she probably sedated that dog. So he's that perfectly in his little perfect doggy bed and strut. He was being good. Was like, yeah. Oh, what, what didn't make the cut. And I hope you show online or something. Is St. Strudwick escaping to the pool? Oh yeah. And You we're in our black tie that's right in the middle of the day and you to run out. Yes. And your sequin gorgeous gown to the like, trying to get St.


Strudwick out of the pool while the sun tea is still brewing. And I was like, your pool guy must think you have lost your Mind. This is how I live. This is how I live. I I just wear black formal sparkles during the day. Yeah. There's another scene that we'll get to where in which we are, we elevate the outfits even more and we go black tie. Yes. And that's why we then we have fur on in this latest scene. But yeah, Strudwick was his typical terrible self, which will come to the surprise of no one listening to this show. And for the listening audience, you can see him at the end. He got up, we, we left to go do a wardrobe change and Jake had the cameras rolling and caught St. Strudwick of course, immediately jumping up and eating all the stuff that we had prepared.


So we caught that on camera. And the little, the little headlines in this one were how, how to put fruit in champagne. This is the stuff you get from Meghan Markle show How to make ice cubes. Literally, this is what she's doing. And then the Edible flowers was a whole story in and of itself because Jake, the producer, he went to like five different stores, grocery stores and flower stores to try to find edible flowers. And what they said was at the grocery stores, they were all like, oh, we got rid of those years ago. They were way too expensive. They're just, they're ridiculous. They die right away. It's not worth it. And that the floral shops, they said, you should never eat flowers. They're toxic. They're covered in pesticides.


They're only for looking, You know, do. And so that's why they have have that little sticker on those flowers like, do not eat, not edible. And so she's trying to market these edible flowers, which I guess I are they grown in her garden with no pesticides and no toxins. What? So I don't know. But you cannot buy these as a real person anywhere. You have to conveniently buy them from her, From, You know, we got those at the mail. I should have brought them for you. You would die Hers. Yeah. Okay. So they come in this, they come in, I guess the packaging for her crepe mix maybe. Okay. Yep. Or the shortbread, whatever. The crepe mix, which she tells us by the way, is French style. Thanks So much.


'cause crepes are actually a French invention. So they are by definition, French style Megan. And then they co there's this little cellophane baggy. Now, as you and I have previously discussed, I've never consumed street drugs. I know people who have, And it looks like a little drug baggy. It's so cheap. And inside are these like flakes, these multicolored flakes that you would never go. Those are fruit petals. Ugh. Those are lovely little fruit petals. They look like hard pieces of lint. Like that you would pull out of the dryer. I you're Better off with sprinkles. And also until you, when, so we were, I was deputized Thank you Megan.


Yeah. To pick the flowers, the hydrangea petals off. Right. The Toxin Riddles before we put them in the plastic ice tray, you said, look at the label. What does that label say to you? What does that label say to you? Just like a nun. Yeah. What does that label say to you? And I, it's, it said non-edible, which by the way, whenever I purchase flowers, I never think like, should I look and see if this is an edible item? Should I eat? Like, who thinks this way? I Eat these. Oh no, these I can't eat. Those I can't eat. Can I eat the peonies? Maybe the sunflower. Yeah. It's So, so hopefully we'll get to in the third installment, the, all the cooking we did, because we actually did a fair amount of cooking and chopping.


And mixing. It was hard labor. It was hard labor. And I was actually surprised. I thought it was maybe sort of a, a threat that would not be made good. The fruit platter almost killed me. Yeah. The fruit platter almost did me. We did it. I was like, are we done? Is this it? We did. We were not. No, we were not. But yeah, We were exhausted by the end of that. I mean, fruit Was flipping out of our hands. Yes. You were berating me for washing fruit too hard. Like you were really channeling her. It was method. You really were. And then the kicker was, we finished that up. It was a four hour shoot. We finished that up and I had to do am update. I had to tape that early that day. 'cause we had plans that evening.


So I'm like half in the bag from all the champagne we had. And then I had to do this hour and a half long thing with Stanford for business school. I'm like, How Did that go? You guys have no idea what I spent my afternoon doing. You have no idea what I've been through. Yeah. Yeah. It's funny too. 'cause then of course the next day I'm sitting with Marty McCarey and I'm like, I have the most bizarre variety in my job of pretty much anybody I know. Like sitting down to the FDA and pretending to be Meghan Markle, Duchess of Sussex the day before, Drinking champagne with just constantly piling fruit in which we both acknowledged was actually pretty Good. Yeah. We, we, that was a pretty good, we're gonna give her that one. I'll give her that one. But really just guzzling, guzzling, guzzling. Because it was partly in character and we're in fur for day.


Yeah. Like, we really took it up. And then when it was all over, just sitting and like having a moment to take all of our hard work in. Yes. We really, we really, really, really worked hard that day. The true is so fun. The Truest line, I think it was spoken in that segment was, this was me in, in the character of, of Ms. Markle saying, people seem to like me a lot more when they're intoxicated. Yes. That's why I serve. Keep it liberally, Keep it coming. And why I kept topping you off to try to like blunt some of that mean energy coming my way. She probably has no idea why people are like, yes, for the love of God, get this champagne at 8:00 AM a Hundred percent Now on the subject of the weird photos of, You know, the AI photos of Yes.


The princess version of me. She's not a princess. She's a duchess at best. Jake, he was asking you and me if we had any photos of ourselves when we were little girls in the kitchen. And not surprisingly, we didn't. And I knew you wouldn't either. No, of course. We, we were never in the kitchen. Like, Do you, do you have little picture pictures of you cooking as a kid? I was like, are you kidding me? First Of all, I grew up in the seventies. There are no pictures. And I was the third kid. There are no pictures of me. There was zero interest in me. But honestly I was not an attractive child. So it's fine. It worked out. No swear. I'll show, I'll prove it to you. Okay. Okay. But Jake ran our actual, like, our present day photos it through this AI generator that was making these photos. And let me tell you something, Maureen.


It doesn't work like that. Okay. Let's start with the one of Maureen and put it on the board. See what AI came up with. Ah, I like, I look like an 80-year-old. Like, I look like I have a form of dwarfism. Yes. Oh, it's nothing compared to what you're about to see, but standby. Let's just keep it on this one for a second. It's like a Maureen. It it is an adult picture of Maureen's face and Maureen's kind of hair on like a little body. It's been just shrunk. It's like been miniature. I've been miniaturized. Right. You look like, like a magical mythical creature. Not so much looks like a people or elf. Not like a ch Yeah, like eling. I do, I do. Okay. But now I definitely look like a little person. Look at the one that came up with, remember for me.


Ew. Oh my god. Ew. Oh my God. This is like, this would be you. Like that would be me. It maybe two. This would be you. I feel like it's six. Maybe It's me with my current hair and my current face, but smaller in like a little person's body. I something about this is incredibly disturbing and creepy and the kind of thing that you'll have nightmares over. I love this. I love that it's very Meghan Markle with your hair falling right into the food that you're creating. That's Right. Perfect. Yeah. Perfect. Oh, that's the other thing. And do You know, I found this out later, that in a real kitchen, chefs are not allowed to wear any makeup. Really? I Didn't know that. Yeah, of course. The hair has to be back. Right. And they're not allowed to wear any makeup.


So it's like all this stuff she's doing with like her big lashes and on their lip gloss, it's like, okay, you might wanna be careful before you touch that much food and hover over the, the the pat the pot and the pan. And what was the other thing about how we, how we shot it. I lost it. Anyway, the whole thing, Maureen was so much fun. It was very cathartic. It was very cathartic. She's so easy to parody, let's put it that way. I don't, I don't think it's exactly excoriating. There's some healthy mocking. But let's face it, she deserves it. She deserves it. And I think the, the, the real loss is really only gonna be Meghan Markle because as we've discussed before, she has zero sense of humor. Yeah. And if she could laugh at herself at all, she might really, really see the humor in that.


And especially the interpersonal dynamics that she has with her great friends who come over the, so the line that killed me was when I, I asked you about your mini brainstorms of Yeah. Decanting and repackaging in multiple plastic containers. And you said, and I'm guessing you had the, like in the next wave of our friendship, I'll try to explain it to you. Like you could unpack the microaggressions in that one statement four days. It like, there were so many things that were just flying by my head And how about you? And you're like, You know, yes. That's what our friendship's always been about. Me asking you lots of questions about yourself.


You really seem to come alive when you talk about yourself. And it's like, oh my God. And some of the other clips I'm sure we'll get to, it's Maureen, anytime she tries to say anything about herself, I talk to her. Megan just cut me right off. She, she was, she was really good at asking me an a, a barbed question. Like an insult, right? Oh, I love you. I love I know all your weak spots. Let me go right here. And then you, and then I try to answer in a way that will like, recover some dignity and you just cut me right off onto your next, You know, back to me, You know, back to you, back to you. I'm sure, I'm sure everyone is more interested in me. That's pretty much how she feels. Yeah, Of course. She's fascinating. Oh, This just in this, just in, we've been renewed for a second season.


You are kidding me. We've been renewed. Oh my God. Well of course we're so great. Right? The people have spoken. I mean, you are great. I am. All right. But you're, you listen, it's your show. So, You know, when You're a Founder, good things just keep finding you. You know, I, there is so much truth in that basic aphorism I never realized. Alright. We're not leaving her quite yet because she's, in addition to this show, launched a another podcast about founders. What else? Founders. Okay. I've been dying to talk to you about this because I was on, I was commuting on the train and listening to episode one. Okay. Okay. So I did, I think I did two.


Again, you're always overachieving, Rubbing In my my face. I, I mean, no, even listening, like even when we were talking about the Netflix show, I said, I watched these following episodes. They were three and totally go. I did four. Okay, Megan. Okay, great. You gotta commit when it comes to this woman, you're gonna fall behind. I I know. I'm doing my best. It's a, it's, it's that mountain gets harder to climb every time it's painstaking. That, that first episode struck me. Okay. She's got the Founder of Bumble on. Okay. Okay. Now I I would never have been able to tell you her name. No. Still can't. Right? So like, again, where's the gwyneth's of the world, right? Yeah. Where are the real starry starry Yep. Founders. This entire episode, it was like the, it was like watching a toothless child try to eat some oatmeal.


It was just like conversations about intentionality. Yes. Making Space, giving oneself permission to love oneself. Like tell me how any of this is applicable to building an actual business. Yeah. No, it's all her weird, like self-help talk. That's, we we're getting at some of that in our little bit. But if you listen, You know, to this podcast like the earlier one, it's all like, she's overly therapi. She's classic like this younger generation that has spent too much time online trying to explore themselves. And she said something to the woman I heard in episode two who did Girls Who Code. Yeah. I don't know, whatever.


And the reason of course she's on is because apparently Meghan Markle put some money toward that company. And so this was a chance for this woman to be like, you're so amazing. Oh my God, you invested in me. You support people. It was completely just a setup for that. Well, so the, the Whitney, the Bumble woman episode was notable for a couple of things, but one was, so Whitney goes to Meghan, do you mind if I tell the story about you? The Ireland story? Can I tell that story? I guess this really private sacred piece of information, man goes, oh yeah, oh yeah, of course you can tell that story. So they had just met, and by the way, the way they met was like, Megan invited her and her husband over for a New Year's Eve party, which is really like how you get to like forge.


Sure. You know, some intimate bonding when you're having people over for a huge holiday party, whatever. She goes, okay, so I'm, I'm in the airport in Ireland and I go into, You know, one of those like, what do you call them? Like a newsstand. She literally said this. What? Like a Hudson News? Like a new, like they're, okay. So I'm in there and I'm looking at the, at the racks and you are on the cover of every single magazine, Lord. And I said to myself, how does this woman deal with all of this attention? Oh my God, how does she, how does she manage it? And it was just like, Megan was just like, I know she Was eating it Up. Thank you. I know. It's so hard. It's so hard. That's what her show is about really. It's all secretly a cover for her that the Netflix show that we just pared this podcast.


Like she was talking to this woman of girls who code, and of course the woman referenced 10 times being a woman of color, a woman of color, how hard it is. I mean, she's an Indian, so like, not for nothing, but like, they're, they're not exactly oppressed. My God. They're like at the top of the echelon and income and god academic achievement. I'm like, okay, fine. Nothing against Indians. I'm just saying like, you're not really high on the oppression scale. Right, right. Just stop. And Megan's like, she said something like, You know, and, and that was that cut deep. And Megan's like, yes. Were you cut or were you cut open? She did not say that. Yes. So it was her, Oprah. She opens you to more experiences, Maureen. That's why that's a new way, that's, that's why founders get ahead because they look at life's crises in that manner.


The other thing I loved, she talked about being consumed with her packaging, which is someone who got the packaging, the items. It's really cheap stuff. She, she, She's, oh, we have some of this. Wait, they cut this? Yes, we did. We played it once before that. My team is telling me, but it's still good. Let's play it. So 33, Let's be honest. Launching a business, it can be so overwhelming, even with the best of teams. Woo. It'll keep you up at night. For example, a month ago I was absolutely consumed with packaging boxes. That's all I could think about.


And I would sit there doing the unboxing in my head, is there tissue paper? What about the packing peanuts? But they're biodegradable. And where does the sticker go and hold on and what size the box gonna be? And no, that's not gonna fit all the SKUs. Oh my gosh. And then someone says, but you don't wanna brand the outside of the box because a porch pirate had never heard that before. What's a porch pirate? And then I'm sitting there and I'm like, does any of this actually matter? Of course it matters. It matters at the beginning. But how much does it matter? Oh my god, what twaddle, She's never heard of a porch pirate. She's never seen any of those videos that go viral of people stealing. Like, okay, fine, whatever. Also, I can tell you there's a million there. There are not a million, but there are significant mistakes on the packaging.


Miss perfectionist. Oh yeah. 'cause you ordered the goods. That's, you referenced that earlier. You, you actually went to the website and ordered them my special Jam. Well, someone did, as Megan would say, yeah, I'm not doing that. Someone else did it. Someone, someone did it. But so, so, so she's talk, she's talking about her perfectionism and her struggles and does any of this matter existentially? I can say it does not matter. We're here for you. Exactly. So the Bumble woman tells Megan, she reassures her by saying, listen, the most important thing is did you give it your all? Oh God, it doesn't matter if you succeed or fail, but did you give it your all? Oh. To which I say it does matter. No, it matters if you succeed or fail. That's actually the entire point of this enterprise. Right? Because nobody wants to lose money on their investments.


You can't take another ding to your brand. Sorry. Is Is that what you're gonna tell your producer on your show? Like, we don't really care about success. Just try. Just trying hard. Just Try hard. And to me it's this sort of like post COVI, gen Z general philosophy in life, which is like, well, I tried hard. Yeah. The outcome doesn't really matter. Right. Did I give it my all what matters Is how I feel. Exactly. Not really how I did. Exactly. Here's one that you are going to love. This is from episode two when she's, she confesses the secret of every successful woman. Here it is. We're gonna talk about what's behind every successful woman. What's behind every successful, what's behind every successful woman is self-awareness.


There comes a point where each of these women on their journeys has such a tremendous sense of self-awareness and the desire to dig deeper. That is unflappable Self awareness from this one. It's almost like she's talking to herself about her. But she, but because she doesn't know herself, she has no idea that she doesn't have self-awareness. I think she thinks of these things as like items you almost pluck from a shelf. Well, I need some intentionality today. Authenticity. I need some authenticity today. I need some self-awareness Today. What's behind every Founder is such an odd question. It's like what's inside every Founder?


Right? What is the thing that they have to, that they feel they have to create or express? Right? She what's behind this female founder, it's so easy. It's a beta royal Yesss. What's behind this female founder. That's what's propelling her forward. Truly. This is what's true about her and her business. They only have a nickel between them because he's a royal. That's it. She was doing fine as a d-list actress on suits. You know, she could pay her bills. I'm sure she could pay her monthly rent in Toronto. Sure, fine. But she was not living in Montecito with the mountain views and the huge mansion and the garden the size of Madison Square Garden.


Right. The reason they got that money from Netflix and Spotify is because he is the grandson of the Queen and Son of the King Period. But she wants us to listen to her like she's a Founder. Right. Because she took all that money and launched her stupid ass lifestyle brand with jam. With Jam. That is inedible. Truly. And it, it's if you op when you open the jar, it's just, it like, there's no center to it, which I think is like, it's, it's the personification of the Meghan Markle brand. Like empty in the middle. There's no center Exactly. Empty in the middle, nothing holding everything together.


It's just sort of is like, there's Nothing in the middle of the jam jar. Well, like, I mean like a kind of like s like something that keeps the jelly jelled, right? Like, you, you don't, it would be like me spilling a bit of this water. It's that runny, it's that disgusting. So it's like, and the packaging you we were showing me is very cheap. It's extremely cheap. And she, oh, and by the way, we're never supposed to see the children or talk about the children, But we do talk about the children on the packaging. Oh. Oh, Is that right? Yes, we do. We talk about the children. That's that's why You're not allowed to talk about them elsewhere. We have to save it for the branding. We Have to save it for the branding. And she talks about what she loves to do with her children, which is, I don't even think this woman sees her children. How, like, how, how much time do you think it took her to shoot those episodes?


Oh, I mean, a long, a long time for her. Yeah, a long time. She didn't bang that out in four hours like we did. No way. No way. Because she also, again, she can't talk to anybody. No, she can't. It's all so stilted And everything has to be perfect. Yes. You can see, You know, she gets upset when like the, we were playing off of it, but when like Daniel tasted the food And it was not time to taste the food and Right. You know, he cut his finger. It was like, she doesn't like when things go wrong. And this is why she's such a bully. And this is why I was trying to overplay like how important her friendship is because we all know the, her reputation is that she bullies women. No one who spends time with her can stand her.


And the only people she's getting on this podcast are people who kind of owe her one because she used some of her royal money to seed their business so she could call herself altogether. A Founder. A Founder. Here's one more where she's talking about her favorite title. So 31 Title of Mom, just like me, favorite title. Love it. I love being a mom. Oh my gosh, I love being a mom so much. It's my favorite thing. It is the thing where you're like, oh my gosh, I just need a break. I just need a minute. I just need a minute. And the second that you step in the other room, you go, oh, But I, where are they? Lemme lemme just pop, lemme just lemme scroll through pictures of the endlessly on my phone. And then you just, my husband's like my love, can you just give yourself a minute?


Why don't you go work out? Why don't you go take a bath? I'm like, I know, But I just wanna cuddle for It's the mo it's the parenting paradigm where it is so full on. And I wouldn't trade it for anything. Oh my God, that is nauseating. I don't believe her, first of all, I don't believe her either. I don't what mother, do You know who talks like that? I mean, you're a mom. Do you, like you're telling me you have three kids that when they were little you were like, oh yeah, please just be all over me every minute of the day. Like I like, And then when they left the room, I immediately had to go to my photo app and look at photos of them. And until Doug came in, DI mean right. And said, my love, please go take a bath Or go work out.


Do you take care of yourself? Jesus, you don't spend enough time at all thinking about yourself. Right, right. Like, please it's self indulge. Just take self-care Like what she thinks mothers do. And she Goes, oh my God, I just love it. It's, first of all, mom is my, my, it's my most important title. So why are we not looking at the credits? Megan, mother of two, instead of Megan Duchess of Sus Sussex. Never Forget. Right. We are the Duchess of Sussex, first and foremost. Sussex. Now I'm Sussex now. Parenting Paradigm also, who doesn't talk like that. She's said, she's like, it's, it's a, I think she meant the parenting dilemma. That's what I think she meant. She just like takes these garbage words that come out of like c-suite, like guidebooks and just like, just throws them at the wall.


Yes. Well, Didn't she? I mean, like her, she's of course overly important and she refuses to drop that duchess thing. That's everywhere. Yeah. She's very proud of that. Even though she did absolutely nothing to earn it other than marry the guy. But she just came to New York and she was spotted at the Broadway Play Gypsy. And she had like a motorcade, she had multiple guards. She went in there like she really was Princess Diana and made sure that got in the paper. Of course. Here, look at this. Look at this motorcade. Like she's still an active working royal. Literally nobody would've bothered her. We, we have stars far bigger than Meghan Markle. Far bigger coming into New York and going to Broadway. Presidents go to Broadway without that kind of stuff.


And You know, I was reading like Taylor Swift at most will have like a motorcade of two, You know, people who are far, far, and again, great environmentalist. We've got four huge cars running just for hours on end. So she can go backstage at a performance of Gypsy. She doesn't wanna be noticed. Right. She just, she wants her privacy. No, she's wearing a loud hounds tooth floor length again. Like, what are you doing? And they ate at Polo Bar, which is a wonderful restaurant, but it is not someplace you go if you don't wanna be seen. No. And like one of the hardest reservations to get in the city. So it's already a flex unless You're loyal or a Founder. Exactly. Those, those Are the two ways in. Exactly. I'm sure. Yeah. You gotta, but that's, that's also a flex. She has to let everybody know first she went to Polo Bar with friends.


I'd love to see the friends who are the friends. Yeah. Because they're falling away by the minute. Right? Yeah. Who are the friends? And then she, and we didn't see her with a friend at Broadway either. I know they said that she was there with friends, But I didn't see pictures of them. And some of the ones who I saw, like when she got married and they had, it was maybe it was her baby shower, I think remember the big event? Oh, the big New York City where King went. Serena. Yeah. And there was TN Toy who started the class, which is an exercise program that I used to do and enjoy, but basically, I'm sorry, boot liquors. It was all boot liquors who are gonna be, and that's what this woman who she had on episode two was too. Like she was there.


She's picking these props who are there to tell the right stories about her that make her look good and also say the right narratives. Like this woman who was on episode two, this woman behind the Girls Who Code Rema Sajani ended the interview by talking about how she doesn't think we'd, we've advanced at all on women's rights now and she's convinced she's gonna die with fewer rights as a woman in America than she was born with. It was an obvious reference to Trump and Republicans. Sure. Without of course no pushback because this is their worldview. Even though she's in Montecito at her castle, she's and and whiter than I am. Right. She's black and oppressed. And so are the people on her podcast. Even though they're founders. Even though they're founders. And never forget Meghan was the most oppressed within the royal family and had to expel herself from the entire continent just to find some personal liberation and self-actualization.


But she's gotta use that label of the family she hates so much that are disgusting viral racists that Almost made her commit suicide. Yep. I think we've, we've summed it up. Okay, we, speaking of people who purport to hate the elites but are secretly desperate to be them. We pick it up next with Bernie and a OC,


You know, the secret to great days better Nights. It all starts by turning your bedroom into a sanctuary with Cozy Earth. Their bamboo sheet set is something special. The softest, coolest, most luxurious sheets you will ever own. Breathable, temperature regulating and crafted to help you sleep like it actually matters. Imagine crawling into bed every night and feeling restored, refreshed, and ready to take on tomorrow. And don't forget about their bamboo pajamas. Lightweight, yet cozy. They're designed to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. It's the sleepwear upgrade you didn't know you needed, but you definitely deserve. Cozy Earth makes it easy. You get a hundred nights risk free. Plus every bedding product is backed by a 10 year warranty. So take the time to prioritize your sleep and prioritize you. Visit Cozy Earth dot com. Use my exclusive code M-E-G-Y-N and get up to 40% off sheets, pajamas, towels, and more Cozy Earth dot com code Megan. And if you get a post-purchase survey, let 'em know that you heard about Cozy Earth from us at the Megan Kelly Show. Sleep Better with Cozy Earth.


Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance. Lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan


Before we leave the wonderful world of people's podcasts. Michelle Obama is still at it. Still at it. And in this particular soundbite, she's got thoughts on relationships. Listen here, Relationships are long and there are also ebbs and flows. Right? So I think sometimes people who date don't realize that, You know, in long-term relationships, you're gonna, you're gonna have deep, deep dips and you're gonna have, you're gonna have a bad year, you're gonna have a bad, I tell people and folks think that this is harsh. It's like you're gonna have a bad decade. Yeah. You know, I mean, I've been married to my husband for 30 plus years. I mean, the truth is, if you add it all up, even the year having Yeah.


If, if the odds were you're gonna be married to your partner for 50 years and 10 of those years could be bad, You know, that's, you'd sign up for it. You'd sign up for it. You'd sign up for it. You know, and that's really how it works out. Is it Michelle? It's not. I've been married for 17 and a half years and not one was bad. I think she and he married the wrong people. I think you're a hundred percent right. This is only her third episode. I can't think of anybody I would go to for advice less than Michelle Obama. She really doesn't know what she's talking about. First of all, she loves to tell us she hated Barack for a good decade. Yes.


Okay. Please teach me how to have a successful relationship. Right. With someone that you clearly respect and admire. Every time she's on the air. It's like I'm dragging this ball of dead weight behind me. His name Barack Obama, he's bringing me down. I'm trying to elevate myself with like these things on my head. He looks like Mickey Mouse. It's so, like with your ears up there, these two big balls on the left and the right of her head. Like what Kind of midlife crisis is she in the throes of right now? No, she's Constantly, did you see the other one where she had the three, the three balls on the back of her head? And I think it was Benny Johnson was calling it her Stegosaurus cut. That's what it looks like, like the back of a That's hilarious. S that hilarious.


I think that her, do you remember Megan McCain used to go on the view with those? Yeah. Yeah. And everybody's theory was that her styling team, like her glam squad must be working out some animus towards her because like anyone else would be No, no, no. Not for, not for, not for today. Not a good idea. And she's also Michelle, so she's constantly like hitting that wound of like, are we divorcing? Don't, don't, don't, don't, don't be gossiping about us. You know, I'm just trying to be an independent woman over here. I hate my husband, But I love my husband. But You know, when she's not doing that, so her brother is her podcast co-host, she's constantly berating him. Like every episode, you didn't tell me you were having marital problems.


Like he has to. I have an Obligation her a million freaking times. Hey, I was trying to work out my marriage and if it did work out and I told you what the problems were, you would hold a grudge against my wife for the rest of your days. Which is Real. We all know it. We All know nobody holds a grudge Like Michelle Obama. It's amazing. Every word she says about Barack Obama is negative. I can't think of her sitting there, just waxing poetic about him. Complimenting. He's brilliant. He's a great dad. He was the greatest president, whatever, a, a normal wife of Barack Obama would say. Right? Every time she opines, it's something that reflects poorly on him. How he's insensitive, how he's not a talker. How he doesn't know how to relate to people.


He doesn't keep the same schedule as she does. And now we're talking about that you can have a bad decade in a marriage. I Think that's a very unhealthy position to take or to advise other people to gut it out for 10 years of misery. I mean, first of all, what that would do to you physically alone? I, I would never wanna sign up for that. And secondly, does she not realize that it, by talking shit about her partner of decades, first black president of the United States, she's talking shit about herself. Lady, you chose Him. Yeah. And we would never know who you are if it hadn't been for him. Exactly. Like I'm sure she would say the reverse. He would never be have been president if it hadn't been for her. Her, like she was the inspo, she was the strength and the force behind the man.


But, You know, he was very young. We just actually saw a video of him speaking on the campus of Harvard Law School in favor of like more black professors and so on. He still had the Barack Obama orator skills. Yep. Like he, he was obviously a star in the making from a very young age. Very young age. I'm sure she thinks it's her, But I think it actually was him and some of his ex-girlfriends talk about how he made a choice to align with like this strong black woman as opposed to the white women he'd been dating. And he's half white too. Yep. Yep. Right. And so like to get him the street cred he needed with Chicago voters where he started and she was it, and yet now she's doing a podcast, which we are only listening to, by the way.


We're not listening to it. Right. Because she's former First Lady. Right. That's the, no one listens to a former lawyer from, I think it was Jen and Block do a podcast on with her brother on her thoughts on relationships. We're doing it because he made you First Lady, but she does not have a kind word for him. He made her famous and a a, aside from the, the lawyer, she didn't she get like, didn't Valerie Jarret give Michelle Obama like a no-show administrative job at a Chicago hospital like 600 KA year while they were all getting ready, they were all grooming Barack to be president. Hmm. Right. He, they at that young of an age, the Chicago political apparatus knew this guy could go to the White House, right?


So they were like, let's take care of him and let's take care of the wife. And like, let's make sure, You know, everything's seamless. I also really do think the root of her rage is that he is a natural star. He was born with many gifts that through self-esteem and great education, he allowed himself to cultivate. He allowed himself to achieve greatness. She grinds it out. She's grinding it out on this podcast. You listen to this podcast, you're like, why am I listening to this woman bitch and moan and complain? I've got better things to do with my free time. And, And You know what else is very clear? She has a great speech writer. Yes. She does not, yes. Have the gift of the spoken word that she's led us to believe she has in these speeches.


She can deliver it. She clearly is not writing them. She can deliver it. And You know what, what else? So Barack, I think, I think he got his rhetorical skills from the churches. You know, he, he, he gets a lot of that, right? Yeah. That, that cadence and that and that way of bringing a crowd up and then taking them down. She, I think prior to Harvey in the clink, I think he was hooking her up with like the Meryl Streeps or her acting coach or whoever and getting her really like, You know, up there at that level. But you're absolutely right because whatever charisma she's able to display at like a DNC speech, she can't do it in the confines of it. Like Even I listen to you Maureen, I be long before I ever saw you in person or spoke to you.


I was reading you and one of of the things that made me fall in love with you just on paper is just how witty you are. Aw. And I love the acerbic pen, You know, a against the right people. And you're very smart. And, and I've said this to my audience about you when you're not here, it's just like you always say something different. You don't, you, you don't comment any story with the same talking points that we hear everywhere else. And then I meet you in person exactly the same. Everybody listens to you even on the show. You say things even on your tease for The Nerve. Like I'll be studying it like the collapse of the Roman Empire or whatever it was. That's you. You can see it's the same person who is writing Yeah. And is speaking and it's exactly the opposite with her because she's a phony. Well, thank you for those kind words. And yes, I always wanna come at something from a different angle, just like you do.


And it's not like it's that hard for me. It's just like I get tired of hearing the same people parrot the same talking points or the same observations when I'm thinking differently. And instead of going, I should shut that off because like, I think differently. I wanna express that because I think and suspect that more people than not feel the way I do, they just can't say it because now it's not the thing you say and 'cause they because they don't have The Nerve. Exactly. They don't. But it's this, and that's with Michelle Obama. That's it. There is not an original thought rattling around in that head. She's having conversations that like tween ages have. It's so boring. Nobody's watching it.


It's so boring. The only, the only person who has fewer watchers and listeners is Chuck Todd and the Chuck Todd cast, which I think is, might be up to like, maybe he's got 2000 now. I dunno, we haven't checked in a while. But he, You know, big Splash and the New York Times that day, we looked, he had 1400 subscribers. It was very sad. I mean, he still hosts meet the press, this guy. Okay, so speaking of women who think they're all that Nabi, I haven't gotten you to weigh in on our newest astronauts and they're, and they're accomplishment. Yeah. The latest on these ladies is Martha Stewart. God bless Martha Stewart decided to weigh in.


She posted something online. Is it a site you guys, or I can't remember. There is. Okay. There is sound. She posted something online. It was basically like, remember this because she went up in a flight that achieved zero gravity, which is all they did. Right? And by the way, she was up there for 30 minutes, not three. Here's some, I boarded a Boeing 7 27 aircraft called GForce one and experienced what astronauts feel when they reach zero gravity. Okay, cool. But here, oh yeah.


Okay. Here's the caption of what she wrote. She wrote Martha Stewart, in case you spaced out in 2007, Martha has always been ahead of her game. This was tweeted out underneath her Twitter account, which has got many millions in the followers. It's a complete troll. Oh yeah. Because everyone's trolling them. Now, and I've gotta start with this. We played it the other day, But I love to hear your response because Gail King is getting very annoyed with the people who don't realize, number one, she's an astronaut. And number two, she is inspirational. Watch, Please don't call it a ride. That is not a frigging ride whenever a man goes up, you have never said to an astronaut boy, what a ride.


You know, we duplicated the same trajectory that Alan Shepherd did back in the day. Pretty much no one called that a ride. It was called a flight. It was called a journey. Because a right a ride implies that it's something frivolous or something that's lighthearted. There was nothing frivolous about what we did. And, and the machine, and the machine that we were on and what it took for the people to get that machine up and running, it looks like a Nipple Up and get us back down safely. So, You know, I'm very vol I'm very disappointed and very saddened by it. And I also say this, the, what it's doing to inspire other women and young girls. Please don't ignore that. I've had so many. Don't ignore women and young girls reach out to me. And men too, by the way, men too, that Say Everyone, wow, I never thought I could do that, But I see you doing it at this stage in my life.


Who would've th thunk it? Not me. And, and how inspired they are. Sure. E everyone now thinks that they can go up in Jeff Bezos's nipple shaped spacecraft because Gail did it. It's still not gonna make her anything less than Oprah's best friend. Correct. Number one, number two journeys. It's not a ride, it's a journey. I mean, I thought journey was also now a diminution of sorts. Like isn't journey something we apply to at the new season of the Bachelor? It's like, it's a journey. It's self-help. It's back to Self help. We we're a journey. Third, my favorite thing is, so her, her outrage is in direct disproportion to actual space flight. Right. Which this is not, this is like a vanity project.


And You know it's bad when other celebrities come out and mock you like that almost. Oh my god. Celebrity on celebrity violence almost never happens. That's true. But we're witnessing it right now. She goes, she, I think she was talking to entertainment tonight on the red carpet and she, You know, clapping back at her trolls and critics. She says, I mean the unmitigated go make. And she goes, when you go to space, when you take that, you then you come back and you talk to me about it. You tell me the magnitude of it. Once you, once you, me, the little people like, oh, anybody can do this. Oh, all you have to do is be wealthy or famous enough to befriend Jeff Bezos. Yes. And his sex stall blow up fiance. Make sure that when you go up there, you can have full glam.


That Gale's wig alleged is affixed. That the fake eyelashes aren't falling off in zero gravity. That the Enormously enhanced boobs don't float off on their own. Don't Float off on their own. That Katy Perry I've read, spent more time looking at the camera with her daisy for her daughter than outside at the moon. Would You please stop it? There was nothing frivolous about this flight, this mission, this journey. Okay, Maureen, nothing. Well, what about, when was it Lauren Sanchez? They were, they were recording themselves going Girl power girl. Like, don't make me be ashamed of my gender. Okay. So cringe going, oh my God, you guys, look, we we're seeing the moon, we're seeing like, guess what? We all see the moon just fine down here.


Have you seen your eyes? Great. You've done it. I'm so special. Wait, we have some of that. Let's watch that. Got it. This is not frivolous. Three Take space. Woo. This is just what Alan Shepherd did. Katy Perry staring at the camera. Flynn. I got You. I got you. Flynn. Gotcha. Ooh, proud Of you. Flynn stuffed animals. Moon, You guys, I have to tell you, look at the moon. That's amazing. Wow. Look at the blue Line. Oh my gosh. Look at the blue line. The butterfly.


Whoa, Whoa, whoa. That's amazing. Did Kitty Perry ever leave the lens? I don't think so. She's really trying to move tickets. It's, which is not happening. It's just like, it's like thi this is like end times kind of like, You know, the rich and the famous going up on a joy ride into space. Like space colonization's a really serious thing, You know? Yeah. Like it, it's the future of humanity. Like every visionary will tell you that. Every futurist will tell you that. And these three are up there taking selfies and say spouting inanities, such as take up space, something Meghan Markle would say, take up space. But you're in outer space.


Like, like comparing yourself to Alan Shepherd, comparing yourself to heroes who when they first went into space, weren't sure they were gonna like just disintegrate up there. You know? No, that's the thing. They actually use the a word astronaut. You're not an astronaut. You're Not an Astronaut. You're not an astronaut. You cannot be anything you want. No. Despite what this culture tells you, Here's part of what you were talking about with Gayle King responding to the haters. It's short. Have You been, if you've been, and you still feel that way after you come back, please let's have a conversation. Have you been So you can't criticize her unless you have been to space for three minutes. It's not like going to Epcot center.


Have you been to Epcot center? Give me your Yelp review. I and you back. Okay. Need space. I so have I, should we get some stripes? Should we get some like laurels for what the, I mean, I, I can't, I know like you can't understand the profundity of what I went through. But meanwhile it's like no one really would've been mocking you if you hadn't been so foolish in your behavior up there. Your outfit that you playing up your training of two days, learning how to put, buckle your seatbelt literally and get in and out of the craft. And then the, your self-talk when you got back saying things like, I'm so proud of me and I'm an inspiration. I've inspired people. Damn it, men and women. That's the stuff that leads us to, to mock them. And she's on the air. Like, these are my friends.


My friends are making fun of me. Well what does that tell you Gail? Exactly. What does that tell you? And are they your friends? And it doesn't help your sinking morning show, which is like circling the drain. Why are there no questions by the way, as to how an alleged journalist can be so close with one of our foremost billionaires and take a joy ride into space and not ask any critical questions or do this in any way that resembles something approaching journalism. Something Other than a vanity project. Yeah. So she, speaking of that morning show, one of the reasons it's failing is because they have exchanges like this. They had on the actual first black female astronaut, Dr.


May Jemison. It didn't go well. Watch, You heard Amanda Wynn tell me in the interview that she's conducting science experiments on this voyage, which I don't think a lot of people knew. They thought it was just six women going up into space for joy riding. In Fact. Wait, what do you mean just six women? Well, that's what I mean, that was the criticism Is six women. That's right. Right, right. But he's, he's speaking to the perspective and, and some of the narratives, That's the narratives that are out there that I was hoping to correct with this interview. And I'm glad that you're here to help me correct that narrative. So explain to our audience why even a trip like this one, all the trips that we take in this space Yeah. Benefit mankind. So it benefits humankind. And I'm gonna keep correcting human, I'm sorry the man, I'm sorry.


And the manmade and the man missions because this is exactly what this mission is about, is expanding the perspective of who does space. Oh my god. Women have been in space, men have been in space, dogs have been in space. Monkeys. Monkeys have been in space. Much of the earthbounds. William Shatner has William Shatner. William Shatner has been to space. Yeah. I think he made less of a deal. Yeah. Out of it. Like These people, Martha Stewart's been spaceless, she's been To space. Like we're not like, and I also thought like, I think Gail King is having some weird crisis because did you see those images of her before she got on? And she was so nervous, she was like in tears.


That's Why Oprah was so proud of her because she conquered her fear of flying. 'cause this is the same thing as flying, I guess fear of flying is when you're on the plane and it's making all sorts of weird motions and quick drops and you're scared shitless that your plane's gonna fall outta the sky. As does happen in Jeff Bezos, the billionaires gazillion dollar craft that multiple people have gone up and down and with zero incident, I have to say, even I would not be that afraid. I'd be like, okay. And I, I have a fear of flying. Really? Yeah. But I would be less afraid. And Jeff Bezos, same way as like you're far less afraid when you're on the 7 47, You know, Boeing airliner than you are when you're on the tiny flights. Yeah. Oh yeah. Of course. The little puddle jumpers or You know, sometimes we'll fly private if, whatever, You know, I don't know the circumstances, it's not our norm like Bernie and a OC.


Right. But those, those flight scare me tho. They genuinely scare me. Every time I'm on went, I'm like, I'm never doing this again. Really? Anyway, but on Jeff Bezos's craft, that's really not, it's going up and it's coming right back down. But You're still in space and like, it's still like a new form of tr I always, I often think of like people who started traveling by airplane almost as soon as commercial aviation was invented. That's ballsy. That's Ballsy, right? Yeah. And I think this is kind of ballsy and I kind of think the, the, the demeanor and the behavior of these ridiculous people notwithstanding, like I thought it was, I'm like, I'm sure Oprah got that invite to go up with Gail because they're like this. And Oprah said no. Well, You know, she was there. She was on the ground With the Kardashians. Right. With the Kardashians. Nothing frivolous.


Nothing, nothing Frivolous about this. No. But I also suspect the Chris Jenner said, no, I, I think there were lesser tier known Celebrities People on that flight. And I often also wonder like, so Ka Perry's in this cohort, like what do she and Orlando bloom have in common with Jeff Bezos? Like what are those four getting up to together that has forged such tight knit bo because like it can't be intellect. Right? Right. Well we know. I mean, isn't Lauren Sanchez friends with the Kardashians? So that makes sense to me. That makes sense to me. Yeah. That's who she, but again, She naturally Choosing to befriend. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. That's an interesting question about what the connections are between these women.


And then you had like the also rans of like somebody who actually does have some space connection. There was that woman and then there was somebody else who was like more serious person, But We don't know their names 'cause who cares, right. No, we don't. Was Lauren Sanchez and Gail and Katie Who stole all the air time and then kissed the ground when he came back? Like they had just gotten off like, You know, Off man flight to Mars. The Challenger. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Moving on from them for now. I mentioned A OC and Bernie, we've gotta spend a minute on them. They're literally on stop the Oligarchy tour And it turns out the free beacon reporting and others now confirming they're taking a private jet from place to place broke first within the, I think it was the post showing a OC was flying first class on one of the legs.


I guess that was because she was leaving Bernie and the Jet. But they have spent, he spent, I guess it, it now comes up over a couple million dollars from his campaign in 2020 on private jets. And they've spent like $221,000 on private jets going from place to place to bash the rich. Maureen, it's perfect. I love it. I love the continued implosion, the hypocrisies. You know, apparently democracy is dying, but God dammit, a OC and Bernie are gonna fly private or first class. Don't you dare put them back in, coach with the rest of us. I love these sort of self-appointed, first of all.


I also just love that like, people are talking about a OC as the future of the Democratic party. I really think it would've happened by now. Like her message is very, it, it's, it's very specific. It's very niche. It's not realistic. That's What James Carville's saying. He's like, we tried the Bernie thing twice and failed. Yeah, it's not, it's not gonna work. And then people see this and everybody who pays the slightest bit of of attention knows that AOCs origin story is completely false. Yep. She is a very well off girl from like Westchester, New York had a great education. The, this is the kind of stuff again, like when people can barely make their weekly grocery runs without trying to rob Peter to pay Paul in their own bank accounts.


You see this stuff and you immediately tune out. I cannot believe the word word You're saying. And you get, you get already rich multimillionaire celebrities like Gail King saying, I'm inspirational. I I am inspira. Well, You know what? They don't feel inspired by you. They're worried about paying your Bills. If you don't to tell people that you're inspirational, you're not inspirational. Okay. So that's her. And then you've got a OC and Bernie bashing the rich as they clearly are them. And yes, you're right, like actual people are looking at at this and recoiling. But AOCs fake origin story came up recently. I got this from Adam Corolla on whose show I went recently. And he played this soundbite and my jaw dropped because listen to her TA talking about her own bio. Because when the system is stacked against you, it's hard to feel like anything you do matters.


It's hard to feel like we matter in this democracy. And it is easy to give in to the despair. And I can tell you, I know that when I was waitressing and struggling to put food on the table for a while there I did, I tried to stop caring. I tried to just keep my head down, work my shifts and accept and accept that this is just how things are. But that is no way to live Arizona. It's no way to live. What I do know is that we don't have to live like this. And in fact we cannot live like this anymore.


Anymore. Okay. A OC grew up in Westchester as you point out. She attended Boston University where she double majored in international relations and economics and graduated with honors. She then moved back to the Bronx reading here from Wikipedia, became an activist and worked as a waitress and a bartender. So she wants us to believe that after she got her degree in honors double major at Boston University, she struggled to put food on the table leaving open. The only question of whether she meant she actually physically struggled to put the food on the table as a waitress. Great point. Or whether she actually wants us to believe she couldn't eat, notwithstanding her well off background.


And somehow she dug up the tuition for bu, which I I'm gonna gather was probably 40, 50 grand a year. Well, we never hear her talk about student loans, do we? No. So her parents clearly finance that four year ride. The only thing that really shocks me about that little clip you played is that she didn't code switch into her working class Latina accent, which working people love nothing more than when you pander to them. Right. And I also think this is such a toxic, bad message for pe. We live in a meritocracy. It's what makes America great. You can start from nothing and build your way up through dint of hard work determination, fair amount of luck. But really You can do or become anything you want.


And she's spouting the message that this country is stacked against you and that you are faded to be nothing or to be less than the things to which you aspire. I don't get why the Dems think that this is a winning message. She talks about her time waitressing like she was poor and panhandling and You know, was almost on skid row there. There a lot of us waitressed, a lot of us did blue collar jobs when we were young and in our twenties. Like she was, That's what you do. I was a telemarketer for like a year. And by the way, I was amazing at it. I really had a career there. Was that where you were like, I can do broadcast? Yes. No, I was, I used a fake name.


That's what made it easy. I called myself Rachel. Oh. And I was really good. I did it for a summer and then I kept it rolling for a while. But I don't talk about it like I was in the dregs and almost didn't make it and couldn't eat. I could barely put food on the table. I was poor. I was putting myself through school. My mom helped me with my, sadly my dad's insurance money after he died for with college. But I paid for my own law school and I paid for part of my college. And I don't talk about it like, I was like this lowly person who could barely pay her bills. Yes. I was very much in debt and I was doing a blue collar job to pay the, who cares? Everybody's got, that story doesn't make you special In her mind. It makes her special because she, that's the one thing that she, that I think that's the one part of her bio that she thinks gives her baf days with the working class.


I waitress, she makes it sound like she was in some hellhole dive bar. It would be like you telling the telemarketer story, like you're in a third world call center. You know what I mean? Yes. Like I worked retail. Like I don't, it's not a badge of honor. It's like what you do when you're a certain age and you have only, only certain, you have no experience. You've got only certain jobs open to you, you take 'em. That's it. Literally, our 15-year-old son has been working as a busboy, which you're allowed to do. And it's, it would be like him who comes from an obviously a family of privilege going out there and being like, I've struggled to put food on the table as a bus boy when I was working as a bus. It's like, okay, but who do you think you're kidding? And now it's good. We love that he's working as a bus busboy.


You know, we think it's, it is teaching him a, a lot of important lessons, but he would never talk about it like this. And she should stop talking about it. And Bernie should stop railing on the rich as he boards his private bombardier, whatever jet that talks about how it's got extra wide, mid cabin and, You know, long leg seating, leather seats, and probably some flight attendant onboarded too, waiting on him. Hand and foot. Please just stop it. Okay. Gotta keep going. This is a lot to get to. 'cause we spent a lot of time on Megan, which was worth it. I really wanna talk about, oh, do, okay. I have to take a quick break and when we, when we come back, we've gotta talk about what happened in the Carmelo Anthony Case yesterday where this is the, the guy, the 17-year-old who's been accused of killing this Austin Metcalf, another 17-year-old.


He reportedly ad admitted it. I mean they called him alleged. He said, it's not alleged I did it, but he's reportedly getting ready to argue self-defense. Okay. That we all, we knew all that. Then his family spoke out at a presser yesterday, which, You know, if you listen to the AM update that we offer every morning on our feed, 15 minutes or less, he'll learn all the news of the day. But it was the most bizarre thing I think I've ever seen with this very strange family representative who says a lot, I think unfortunately about the Anthony family. That's next.


There's a lot of talk about government debt, but after four years of inflation, another real crisis is personal debt. Some people are working harder than ever and still drowning in credit card debt and overdue bills. But there's Done with Debt. Done with Debt has unique escape strategies to help end your debt fast. So you keep more of your hard earned money Done with Debt does not try to sell you a loan or bankruptcy. Their tough negotiators. Go one-on-one with your credit card and loan companies with one goal in mind to drastically reduce your bills, eliminate interest and erase penalties. Most clients wind up with more money in their pockets, month one. And they don't stop until they break you free from debt permanently. Take a few minutes and visit Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their strategists. It's free, but listen up. Some of their solutions are time sensitive, so you will need to move quickly. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Under Biden American's, cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance. Lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer details apply.


Maureen Callahan is back with me, host of the MK Media Show, The Nerve with Maureen Callahan premiering next Tuesday. Go ahead and subscribe wherever you get your podcasts. By the way, my team, my crack team telling me that A OC, according to the New York Post, at least had at least $15,000 in student debt, which is but a small fraction of what BU costs while she was pushing for loan forgiveness. Ah, okay, perfect. That's right on brand. Okay, so this Carmelo Anthony Case is extremely disturbing. I outlaid a bit of the facts before we went to break, but what's happening now is, this is weirdly breaking down along racial lines because Carmelo is black.


The kid he killed was white Austin Metcalf, Austin Metcalf, 17 Perfect GPA being recruited to play in various schools for college like a football star. MVP, Carmelo Anthony also said to be a good student and possibly also getting recruited to play in college. And I think football. And he shows up at this track meet and apparently decides to sit in Austin Metcalf's like area. I guess they sit by teams and I don't know if they were playing on rival teams, but Austin and Carmelo did not go to the same school. And so I'm not sure if he was trying to provoke a fight or something, but he decided to go sit in the tent that Austin and his twin brother and their team, like supporting friends were under Austin Metcalf, reportedly, this is from the police report.


And witnesses decided therein told him to leave to get out of Austin's seat. And he, and he turned to him and said, sum to the effect of, You know, make me, I said like, You know, if, if, if you lay hands on me, see what happens. Something like that. And as he was doing it, he was reaching into a bag and Austin Metcalf did put hands on him and tried to make him get out of the seat and he stabbed him through the heart with a knife that he had in that bag. It's absolute, it's, it's just a depraved act. It's a depraved act. I don't know what's wrong with the family he grew up in or with him. His mother was there yesterday and interestingly was saying that this is a close family.


That it's a two parent family. That it's a God-fearing family, claiming he's a good boy. I don't know. I saw pictures of him online with the gun and middle finger and trying to look like a badass kind of tough guy. So I'm not sure what this guy was going through, but there's no mystery who did this, right? It was, it was him. So they hold this presser and first of all, Maureen, they hire this guy who, he's not their lawyer as near as I can understand. There's a different guy. He's a lawyer, he's a minister, quote unquote, I'm using that term generously, who's had a long list of trouble with the law in his own right, including the fact that we read this in am update.


But he was convicted of causing serious bodily injury to a 2-year-old child. It was his girlfriend's son. He was babysitting. He called the girlfriend at 11:00 PM this is a spokesperson for the family called the the girlfriend at 11:00 PM Told her to get home now, didn't tell her why. When she arrived, her child was unresponsive. He told the girlfriend he'd been watching a movie and her son just fell off the couch. He fell off and onto the carpet, but they brought him to the doctor, to the E emergency room. He wound up going to the ICU. The doctor said these are lies that the son had a subdural hemorrhage between the two halves of his brain at the back of the brain.


He also had retinal hemorrhages in both eyes. Quote, the severity of his injuries is not consistent with rolling off the couch. The investigative officer reported the doctor saying, without more adequate history of trauma, complainant's injuries are more consistent with abuse of head trauma and child physical abuse. This guy, again, still on the spokesperson, the prosecutor read two qui two statements from him. Dominique Alexander is his name. He signed the first one. He claimed the child had fallen off the couch. The second he admitted to shaking the child, he was charged with a first degree felony. And that resulted in a conviction. Then it went on from there. He also faced assault charges against the girlfriend charged with one felony, one misdemeanor, after he allegedly shoved and attempted to strangle his girlfriend who accused him of pushing, choking and headbutting her during several altercations like so many women do.


She ultimately decided not to testify or participate in the case against him and therefore it went away. So this is the man we're about to listen to. So You know, this is who the family has chosen to represent them to try to set the record straight on this horrific crime. And he went out there and the first thing he did was he saw Austin Metcalf's dad, Jeff had shown up to the presser whose first reaction after his son was murdered was to say, I forgive him. I forgive the kid who did this. And he went to hear what they had to say at this presser. And here's how Dominique Alexander, the man I just read you about, handled it.


What we seen at the beginning of this press conference of the father being at this press conference is a disrespect to the dignity of his son as that was disrespectful and just shows you all the character who was not invited. He knows that it's inappropriate to be near this family, but he did it. And so I say to people, actions speak louder than words. Okay?


What he has failed into is the political operatives that want to make these thing a political thing of hate, yet bigotry and yet racism. We have conservative operatives that have been posting nonstop. And he went on to say later that these political operatives are who led to the father being here, political operatives motivating this family with hate. And the father was thrown out. The, the cops had to come. He didn't wanna leave. He wanted to hear what they had to say.


Of course he did. And they threw him out with cops. That's despicable. That man is despicable. And then the family running out there trying to make themselves the victims, which is what they did. The mother got up and gave a big sob story about how hard this has been for her, are missing the point entirely. Nobody had more right to be at that press conference than Austin's father. Okay, you're holding a press conference, first Amendment, anybody can be there. I think I, I, tell me if I'm wrong. Secondly, this guy is a lost leader for this family who is doing themselves no favor talking on their own behalf.


He said in that presser actions speak louder than words. Well, sir, the guy you're defending stabbed a 17-year-old in the heart to death at a football game over a seat. So yeah, I guess actions do speak louder than words. Keep talking, keep talking. And that this family doesn't have the foresight to cut this guy loose after knowing what we know about the, in the, the serious near fatal injuries to a small child. Yeah. Are you Kidding me? Yeah. This is like the poor man's all Sharpton. They'll wake up this trip. Yeah, right. That's obviously what this is. They could, they obviously couldn't even get Al Sharpton. Al Sharpton. Oh, that tells you a lot. Right? We'll go to the opening of an envelope. Oh, He'll run toward any racialized crime you've got. Yeah. Yeah. So obviously he turned this one down.


That's my suspicion. And they got this basement barrel version of the already rather low al Sharpton to, to represent them, I guess. And look, it's not that I wanna see the mother either set of parents get harassed here because it's the kids, right? It's the kid who is accused of misbehaving. But she needs to keep some perspective on what Austin Metcalf's parents are going through. That's where my sympathy lays. Here's here's, she is the mom of Carmela Anthony And wake of this tragic incident. Our family has been under attack. Whatever you think what happened between Carmelo and the Metcalf boys, my three younger children, my husband and I didn't do anything to deserve to be threatened, harassed, and lied about the lies and false accusations that have been said about us, especially over the past week has been overwhelming.


The lies in their amplification. Put my family in danger. My husband had to take a leave of absence because he's afraid what may happen to our family. My, his mental health is deteriorating day by day. We have endured death threats. My 13-year-old daughter is afraid to sleep in her own bedroom because she's fearful of what might happen to her. I'm sorry. But that is as a result of what her son did. The first thing out of her mouth should have been about the victim. Really, really should have been.


I think the other thing that struck me about that statement she gave was, she's, it's passive language. This tragic incident. It's not a tragic incident. It was an aggressive fatal act taken by your son that took the life of another 17-year-old. You know, you have to like, it's all about owning stuff in this culture. Why can't you just own, I'm sorry. And also, don't they live in a gated community right now? No. They right now, yes. So they, they have reportedly, according to the Daily Mail, moved into a $900,000 home where they're being allowed to stay by somebody in a gated community while they scream racism. They, They're, while they're waiting on 500 grand to become liquid from their GoFundMe or Whatever.


Yes. And while their son, who the vast majority of defendants in Texas would be in jail without bond right now, 100%. But he's out on bond. Got it. Lowered. Some female judge lowered it and said, okay, I'll let him stay at home on house arrest in his million dollar friend's home. I guess I, I don't think it's theirs. And while they're screaming, we're all racists because that guy speaks for them. That Dominique Alexander Guy and he was out there that, okay, the mom's talking about poor me, poor us. And here's more of Alexander who blamed everybody. He blamed the weather. The school should have canceled the track, track meet because of the weather. They were under tarps. He blamed Trump here, listen to him in slide 25, Black people in America, while the current occupant sits at 1600 Pennsylvania, black people in America don't have to pull the race card.


It's what we live as a reality every day. It is what we have to teach our children. We don't want to, But we have to. We don't like to, but if we want sleep at night, we got to, I ain't pulling no race card. I live it. I'm reminded all the time that I'm a black man in America. Oh, but he is not playing the race card. If you look at that, say you have no context for what happened. You just got off a plane from overseas and you, you're looking at that, I would assume that that couple lost their child.


Same in a violent act perpetrated by a white kid. That's what I would assume. Me too. The Nerve of him to go out there and rail about racism in America. What are you talking about? There is no dispute. There's no dispute that that Carmelo Anthony stabbed an Austin Metcalf in the heart with a knife while not being threatened with any sort of weapon himself. The, the worst Austin Metcalf did. From every report we've seen, I, I haven't seen a thing from Carmelo Anthony's side saying differently was he laid hands on Austin Metcalf. And the law of self-defense does not allow you to respond to nod, non-lethal force with lethal force.


That's just the law in all 50 states. You, if I, if you pull a fist on me, I cannot pull a knife and plunge it into your heart. That's not what the law of self-defense allows. It has to be proportional. Megan, do you think that were the roles reversed and Carmelo was the one stabbed in the heart, fatally and Austin had survived and was charged with this crime that he would get turfed out on house arrest with a much lower bail. Oh, Al Sharpton, Ben Crump, they'd all be down there. We'd be watching nonstop coverage of what a racist country we are. They would turn, they're already trying to turn me Austin Metcalf with 0, 0, 0 evidence into a white supremacist down there to try to turn the tables.


This guy, Carmelo Anthony, has raised half a million dollars in this give, send, go account from people who have the most vicious anti-white comments you ever wanna read on the internet. Just somehow presuming it must have been the fault of the victim. Meanwhile, I, look, I'm open-minded to what he may have done. Tell me Sure. What'd he do? Sure I've read the police report. Nothing, there's nothing even alleged in there by any eyewitness other than that he did place hands on him to eject him from the tent under which they were sitting. That, that sounds like teenage behavior to me. That in no world is a justification for lethal force. And here is what a truth teller this Dominique Alexander is.


Listen to him railing about the criticisms against them. He's mad. People are noticing that they have $500,000 and that they're, there was a report, they used it to live in this 900,000 house, which apparently is not true. Or at least he says it's not. But listen to, to the errors in this statement alone. So 24 And now that the public knows exactly what is going on, I ask because these racist bigots try to prevent us from standing up for our baby, our boy. He should be afforded the same rights that Kyle Rittenhouse had, Daniel Pena and all of the people who have claimed whatever their defense was, he should be afforded the same rights.


Nobody in the public media has one video camera, But we got the video of Kyle Rittenhouse with an AK 47 shooting, three people in the back. Oh Really? We got that. And he raised more than $2 million publicly. And nobody said anything That, that didn't happen. Kyle Rittenhouse didn't shoot three men in the back and he didn't have an AK 47. This is not a truth teller. It's quite clear. And this family stood behind him as he railed about our racism. Trump being black in America. That's where this case is going. And it's getting incendiary. I mean, people are very worked up over this is I see stuff like this And it makes me so sad.


It real more than anything, it makes me angry And it makes me sad because it's pulling this country backwards. It's pulling us so backwards anytime. I don't know about you, but like anytime I interact with somebody who doesn't look like me, I always wonder like, do you think I'm bad? Do you think I'm evil? Because Of the rhetoric over the Past few years, becausecause, all this has been going on. Like, can we connect as humans? Like period. I think that if there were some precipitating event, we would know about it by now. He would've better rhetoric to throw at us than this bullshit. And by the way, not for nothing. Daniel Penny escaped like by the skin of his teeth. It was not looking good. And it's because of race baiting like this, that assumes specifics be damned if you're white.


You are a homicidal maniac, oppressor against anyone who is dark skinned. That is it. He's trying to OJ Simpson, this case, You know, where he's got what appears to be a clear assailant and a clear victim. But the assailant is black, the victim is white, and he's trying to play on old racial fears in the country about a racist police system. The police have nothing to do with this. This happened at a track meet in front of dozens, if not more people. Carmelo Anthony's the one who took a knife to that event and responded to what otherwise looked like a normal unfortunate teenage skirmish with lethal force.


It's very dark and it's very serious. I do think there's something wrong with this kid. Carmelo Anthony. If he, if he, if if what the facts alleged, if they're true, there's something wrong with him. That's just not, not a normal way to behave. There's something depraved about his heart and he should be in jail for the rest of his life. And that father, his father had every right to go there and hear what they were going to say about this case and his son who cannot be there to represent himself because of Carmelo Anthony. This is just, You know, it's like, it just infuriates me because you would see the BLM crowd out there exploiting this. And I don't say this in a provocative way, But I mean it White Lives matter too.


And, and Austin Metcalf's life mattered. Yes. This is just, anyway, they're Re-victimizing him all over again. They're making the victim, the perpetrator, the aggressor. They're going to racialize this. And maybe there is a racial component, I don't know. But we never come at things truthfully anymore. There's Zero proof of it. We know that. Listen, what a, what an episode. We usually start hard and lands soft today. We did the reverse, but it was an amazing two hours. Love you lady. I love you too. Good luck with The Nerve. Thank you. Don't forget to check it out. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear


Under Biden American's Cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.