
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year. Meat factor, America's number one, ready to eat meal service factor's, fresh, never frozen. Meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and shopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets. Eat smart with factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor 50 off and use code factor 50 off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on randomized controlled clinical trial results will vary depending on diet and exercise.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show and a special weekend edition. I'm taping this on Friday afternoon. I've been with my kids and Doug all week on spring break. Came back on Friday and did an hour live with the audience on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one 11 on our special series on Baby Lisa, a case we will continue to follow. But it's been such a busy Newsweek that I'm here with this special episode just to break down some of the stories that were driving me insane this week.


And then we're gonna start with the new show on Monday with Glen Greenwald. At that point, I will still be on spring break, but not on vacation. I will be moving locations but I will not be on vacation. But I just needed to get to couple these stories which are not evergreen and I needed to talk to you about them before they got old and before Glenn gets here, some of which he'll have no interest in, some of which he will. Alright, we're gonna get to all of it. So let me just dig right. In


these days, personal safety is not something that can be left to chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. That's why Burna is the choice for so many. Burna is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool, compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Burna uses non-lethal rounds, tear gas, pepper, and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part, burna can be shipped direct to your door and it's legal in all 50 states. Berna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. And look, sometimes a firearm is not the right choice for you. And Burna provides a powerful alternative. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com, that's B yna.com/megan to receive a 10% discount and learn why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are trying out Bea's less lethal protection. Byrna, non-lethal self-defense. Always ready.


Number one, and I'm sure Glenn and I are gonna be discussing this, the the left is melting down over the Trump administration's attempt to deport this leader of this shockingly anti-Semitic group on the campus of Columbia University. And his name is Mahmood Khalil, K-H-A-L-I-L. He has been arrested, he has had his student visa withdrawn and he has had his green card withdrawn and the left has made him into Rosa Parks, that he is a civil rights figure of our time that he was simply exercising his right to free speech and that this is an unfair and disgusting crackdown on it.


And it's not just the left, it's some people, I mean, Glen is of the left, but You know, obviously makes a ton of sense and we love Glen and he is a lawyer and he is smart. I would say he's much more antagonistic to Israel than, than most of the people on the right are. And that's fine, totally fine. But he is definitely defensive of Khalil here saying that this is, this is unconstitutional. What the government's doing to him, it's a crackdown in free speech. And he's not the only one. Our friends over at fire, that which is big on campus free speech. They are against what the Trump administration is doing to Khalil. Ricky Sch slot who interned for our show, writes for the New York Post now, and also co-wrote a, a book with the guy who runs fire.


She, she's been posting against it there, there are some folks on the right who have free speech concerns about what's happening here. So it's not just a leftist issue, but having taken a few days to look at the law, I have zero qualms about this guy getting his ass booted back to Syria. Goodbye Khalil, enjoy Syria or wherever you wind up. I really don't give a shit where it is. He got a golden ticket into the United States of America. We gave him a student visa, he got into one of our most prestigious universities. We let him study alongside American kids who were the next generation of leadership.


And What did he do? He decided to join up with this group that is without a question, pro Hamas that was allegedly distributing pro Hamas pamphlets, leaflets, promotional materials. He was extremely defensive of what had been done by Hamas on ten seven. And he recognized that even though he was here on a temporary status, yes we give him a green card, but that you're not a citizen yet. That he, he should be in a more of a like supportive role for this organization that was organizing the hell on on Columbia's campus. But he still took part.


He couldn't quite keep it together long enough to get citizenship. It was that important to him. And so by his own admission, he was a spokesperson for the group that was on Columbia's campus last year, causing all the havoc. Were they there to protest all the dead babies in Israel? No, they weren't. They actually looked at that as an acceptable form of armed resistance. We heard that from Khalil's own mouth, at least according to a fellow student at Columbia who posted a video of him speaking for the group who spokesman, he was justifying armed resistance against Israel.


This is again post ten seven Columbia student David Letterer posted this on X on March 11th. It's a little hard to hear, but try to listen here in so 14 A, As you've said, you've seen like Palestinians have tried multiple sort of resistance with whether it is armed unarmed resistance, peaceful, whatever, but Israel and they propaganda always fine, like something to attack. Like they, we tried armed resistance, which is again, legitimate and international law. But again, Israel is, and it is terrorism. We've tried, Okay, so what you heard there is Palestinians have tried multiple forms of resistance, whether it's armed unarmed resistance, peaceful, whatever, but Israel and their propaganda always find something to attack.


We tried armed resistance, which is again, legitimate under international law, but again, Israel, it is terrorism. So that's okay, that's a, that's a point of view. We don't have to actually support him in that point of view because what he's really doing there is endorsing Hamas and it's it's terror tactics. And endorsing a a terrorist group now gets you on to even shake your ground. Okay? But we're still in speech. So he's still on firmer, you know, terra firma versus what actually is gonna get him deported. I'm just giving you background on who this guy is. So then he goes and he decides to be the spokesperson for the group that took over Hamilton Hall that had campus encampments that made it difficult for Jewish students to pass from A to B on the campus of Columbia.


That made it impossible for anyone, Jewish students, professors, cops to enter Hamilton Hall, a facility for which all students pay, including the Jews. But they weren't wanted because this group took over. Hamilton Hall acted like a bunch of thugs, put barricades up against the doors, smashed windows with their cafes on, and effectively held hostage for a time. A couple of security guards who were in the building, including, you know, guys, maintenance workers who weren't making a lot of dough who felt personally threatened. But here's some video just in case you have forgotten about what his darling little student group that he's the spokesman for, he was the negotiator for did at Columbia last year.


The caption reads from our side of the barricades and sure enough, it's all these kafe wearing Columbia students screaming and leaning full body, leaning against the doors, large wooden doors. And there are several sets of them into Hamilton Hall. Free free Palestine as they chant. Do dad hold your grass, do dad hold your girl back? They've got ladders, but they're using barricade. The doors, stun grenades now are going off it's bedroom.


Cops are trying to get in. Let us not dialogue with our persecutor. They're called police officers. And when they tell you to sit your ass down, you do it or you get arrested or possibly deported Khalil. Now he was smart enough not to actually go as far as we know to that particular event because he was trying to become one of us. He was trying to become a US citizen. It's a no, okay, it's a no sir. Enjoy Syria, zero chance. He's becoming an American citizen now. But he wants to hold onto that green card and he wants to stay here in the United States. And he says, oh, I married, I'm married to an American and I'm expecting an American baby.


Should have thought of that before last year. Bye. Get out. Who the hell feels sorry for this guy? He'll do fine in Syria. His ideology seems to parallel perfectly what he will find over there. You'll love it. Sharia Law, you can find it in lots of places in the Middle East. Take your pick, but not here in America. Bye. So What did he do? He, we act acted as the liaison between this lawless student group and the university and continued to go into this is our understanding as of this date, there hasn't been a full recitation of it, but I've spent the weekend pouring through the reports and what we do know about him and it appear, there's no question, he was the spokesperson for this group that was behind the encampments and behind the taking of Hamilton Hall.


And he was in there with the administrators apparently on a daily basis saying basically you give us what we want, which is to divest Columbia from all of Israel. Or you get more Hamilton halls. Do you understand? And Andy McCarthy of National Review has had a couple of great pieces of this on this one on Fox News, one on N nr. And he likened this to the, to the guy Robert Duvall character and the godfather, Tom Hogan, who went over to see the movie producer who wouldn't cast the Frank Sinatra like character in that movie, in his movie. And you know, just kind of like, it'd be great if you'd cast him, you know, I'd love it if you'd cast him. Yeah, I'm not, I'm not muscle, I'm just the lawyer.


But geez, we'd really appreciate, appreciate it if you cast him in this role. And the Hollywood guy's like, no F off, nobody tells me how to cast my movies. And then he got a head horse in his bed, his favorite racing horse wound up with its bloody head in his bed in one of the most infamous or famous scenes from that movie. Most memorable for sure. And the, it's as if you have that guy saying what I just, it was speech. All I said is, I'm not here to threaten you, but You know, we'd really appreciate it if you put him, if you put him in, you know it's a threat. You're acting as the muscle. You really are the implicit muscle for a terror group, a lawless group and a terror group frankly on Columbia campus.


This guy was in there saying, you divest from Israel or you get the hose again. You get it. That's how this is gonna go down. He was the guy doing that. And even the Columbia administrators, the farthest left people you could probably find in America kept saying, no, we're not gonna do that, Khalil, no, your requests are a little bit much even for us. And the student group would not disband. That is why the NYPD had to break down the doors with stun grenades. None of that shit is lawful. They, they were guilty of trespassing, of resisting arrest, of destruction of property. There may have been assaults there, there have been plenty of criminal charges that have been unleashed on some 40 plus people who participated in what we saw there on camera and the related events.


Now Khalil may or may not have been one of them, I don't know, I know he has joined a motion to stop the university from releasing what it knows about Khalil to the federal government, which is trying to find out right now. He and some handful of others have just filed a motion trying to stop the university from revealing the full extent of what they know about Khalil. Good luck with that. Okay? If you didn't do anything that's problematic. It was just speech, it was just, your little speech is your thoughts. Why are you, why would you wanna stop it from gonna the feds? You should actually be thrilled to see that go. You should be like it's speech. Hello, I'm practically an American, I've got my green card. All I did was speak words, pro Hamas words, but they were words.


No, there's a reason he doesn't want that stuff released. And by the way, there is a question, even if it's just words, there is a question about whether he could be deported, notwithstanding the fact that he's got a green card that go listen to Annie McCarthy and his podcast on nr. It's well worth your time. And he talks about how this is what Jihadists do and have been planning to do in America for a very long time. They try to get into the country, they try to take advantage of our laws and our constitution, which is very permissive when it comes to the expression of ideas and the freedom of assembly. And then they try to martyr themselves and bit by bit change the law just to make it a bit more flexible, a little bit better for their side. And so there is a real reason for the Secretary of State to be able to say, I consider that person not yet a citizen, a threat to the foreign policy of the United States of America.


How so? Because we don't wish to send the message to other countries that they can send their jihad lovers over here to congregate on American campuses and try to convert our youngsters who are impressionable young teenagers for at least the first half of college into joining the Jihad. Totally valid. POV. And there's no question the Secretary of State has the power to do that. Okay? That's just speech. That's how the law is to me, pretty clear. It doesn't, if, if what you're just speaking about is jihad or a supportive terror, yeah, you're in trouble if you're not an actual citizen. Not if you're an American citizen, not necessarily, but if you're somebody who's less than a citizen asking us to continue the privilege of you staying here, you're in trouble my friend.


And your conduct is where I really want this to land. This guy did more than just speak. He acted like the Robert Duval character. Nice university here. Shame, if anything were to happen to it, all you have to do is divest from Israel. You can have your campus back. We'll let the Jews pass. We'll let the cops come in. We're being perfectly, I'll say it in my soft voice. The one that Khalil uses when he talks on camera when he presumably was dealing with administrators. Yeah, I like, I, I would hate for more maintenance workers to get hurt. I would hate for more cops to have to endanger their young lives.


I really would hate for more property that the Jews have paid for to get destroyed here on this pretty little campus of yours administrators. Fuck you, Mahmood, get out. All right. So that's it. Glenn Greenwald's coming on a Monday. He and I am sure will have a robust debate about this 'cause he's definitely on the other side and I love Glen, so he's just the man to do it with. So that's exciting. We'll do that. Okay, couple of other things that I definitely wanna get to. Elise Slotkin, she went on The View, she's a, she's a new senator from Michigan and I never heard of this person. You probably haven't either, but she's trying to make a name for herself because she's the newly elected senator from the state of Michigan.


And she was on the same ballot that elected Trump. 'cause Michigan went for Trump and she also got elected. So she's like, I'm the moderate, I, you know, I'm the future. You guys are gonna love me because you same people who put Trump in office and my friends in Michigan and I, I do have a lot of them. Would you please listen to me? Michigander, you elected an idiot. She's a nasty person. She is a nasty, nasty, hard partisan. And I realize you thought, okay, I'll put Trump in there and then I'll put this kind of moderate Democrat in. But no, she's not. She's just as hard partisan as the rest of them. This is no moderate. So she goes on The View this past week and decides to try to explain Trump and Trump voters, you know, 'cause she's from Michigan, she was on the same ballot.


So she gets Trump, she gets maga and here she was, you know, I guess all of our spokesperson explaining all of us to The View, listen. Right? I think there's a feeling in the country. Yeah. And I often say this, you know, we're, we're about to turn 250 years old, right? We're still pretty young. Yeah. For a country. These are our like, like our angry teenage years, right? We are going through this push and pull where we're happy, we're sad, we want this, we want that. And what do you do when you have a teenager who's threatening themselves and others? You just try to get 'em through this period alive so that their brain can fully form and you can come back to kind of what the, what a country.


You talking about Trump? No, I'm talking about our country. We're pendulum swinging. We're a lum swinging. And so for me, I think that this, I don't think there's a single American who feels like this is normal. Oh, okay, well she's not talking about Trump, but this is not normal. Everything Trump's doing is abnormal. And it's because we're in our teenage years where our brain is not fully formed. So we're just suffering a temporary form of, of neurosis, of delusion, of insanity. We're, that's, that's our problem where there's these mature idiots whose brains have not yet matured, but trust us, Elise, somehow she's got the magic that we don't have. Like she's the mature one. She's, she's, she sees more than we do.


She knows better. She knows better. Okay. Like we're the dumb kids who need to be controlled. We just have to, she's the patient parent. She's our daddy. I told you she was bad. Do you remember she was the one who decided to try to strangle Pete Hegseth during his confirmation hearing. And unlike all the other women, you, she did not appear in those highlight roles of like Maisie Hirono and Kirsten Gillibrand, the ones who were pummeling Pete. And were like, ah, she did not, because she doesn't, she doesn't sound like that. She doesn't sound like that. Ah, but she is just as annoying, probably more dangerous and just as partisan. That's the thing I really want you to know.


Michiganders, you did not elect a moderate. And anybody thinking about this person as any sort of a moderate needs to reassess asap. So for a couple of weeks or months now, I've been asking my team to put together these soundbites of that cross-examination she did of Pete. And they, they've done a great job, but they, they never got like all the pieces that I wanted. So I actually went back myself and all my free, free time this week, which I did have a lot of, it's only a seven minute exchange. And I picked my favorites. I personally put this one together. It's a little disjointed, but you're gonna get the feeling of why I dislike this person so much. And now this, you know, I have my soundbite. We don't go over a minute unless it's like extraordinary. This one's three minutes. Trust me, you're gonna get why I did it.


Watch it. I'm a CIA officer recruited after nine 11, I did three tours armed in Iraq alongside the military, and have worked for four different secretaries of defense, both Democrat and Republican. Proudly. I'm also a Democrat representing a state that Trump won, right? We both won on the same ballot. Do you agree that there are some orders that can be given by the commander in chief that would violate the US Constitution? Senator, thank you for your service. But I reject the premise that President Trump is gonna be giving illegal orders. No, I'm not saying he will, but if, do you believe there is such a thing as an illegal order that Joe Biden or any other President Donald Trump could give?


Is there anything that a commander in chief could ask you to do with the uniform military that would be in violation of the US Constitution? Senator, anybody of any party, right. Could give an order that is against the constitution or against the law? You So Are you saying that you would stand in the breach and push back if you were given an illegal order? I start by saying I reject the premise that President Trump Will understand be giving. I understand you've done your gender deflecting To legal orders At all. My, my this isn't a hypothetical. Okay. Your predecessor in a Trump administration, secretary Esper, was asked and did use uniform military to clear on armed protestors. He was given the order to potentially shoot at them. He later apologized publicly for those actions.


Was he right or wrong to apologize, Senator? I was there on the ground and I saw the, I Saw the I understand and I respect that. Was he right or to apologize, Pete, I'm not gonna put words in the mouth of Secretary Esper or anybody else From this party. He, he said on himself, you don't have to. What are you scared of? Did he do the right thing by apologizing? I'm not scared of anything, Senator I And say, say yes or no. You can say no. Have you been personally involved in discussions of using the US military active duty inside the United States? Senator? I'm fine. I'm glad we finally got to the topic of border security equaling national security because it's been abdicated at ignored for the last four years. It Wasn't my question.


And you're gonna be in charge of 3 million people. The active duty that I know you care about, I believe you care about. So, oh, thanks. Have you been in conversations about using the active duty in any way, whether it's setting up in detention camps, policing dangerous cities, have you been involved in any of those conversations? Certainly. I have been involved in conversations relating to doing things this administration has not, which is secure the southern border and not allow floods of illegal state into our country. So are you so through an invasion? Okay. That threatens the American people. Okay. Do you support the use of active duty military in supporting detention camps? Senator, everything we will do would be lawful and under the constitution.


I recognize that this administration has advocated responsibility. President Trump is gonna restore Order the Border of the spirit of Preservation. And yes, he has said, sir, Sir, I get your filibuster. I get it, I get it. A part of what happened in the spirit of preserving the institution that I think we both care about legitimately, the uniform Code of military justice. Thanks. I've heard a couple of different things. One, you said you will not change the uniform code of military justice, which is what governs justice system in the military. Yes or no? You said that earlier. Those are laws Senator set by Congress. Okay. So you will not go to, to change it. You're not attempt to change it. It's just so irritating.


It makes my blood boil. I I get that. Okay. You've done your genuflecting, you've done your gen genuflecting. What are you scared of? Then? Say yes or no. I believe you care about them. I believe you. I think we both care about them. We both care about the, the military. Sir, I I get it. You're filibustering everything so pejorative, so condescending. You are genuflecting, you're filibustering. What are you scared of? You P word. But I I totally have the same respect for the military as you do. I'm basically the same as you have, I bet as you are. I went as a, like a CIA analyst to Iraq to help with intelligence.


And that's basically the same as strapping a gun on my back and going and actually having to shoot bad guys. So I'm one of you. I get it. I, I, Elise Lakin will acknowledge that you might actually care about the military. I have decided you might be sincere in that. F you senator, she's truly like she's, i, I guess a wolf in sheep's clothing. I don't a partisan and nonpartisans clothing. I'm not sure exactly how I wanna say it other than don't trust her. Don't buy her little moderation. Act and understand what you've elected because I think Michigander genuinely believed that this would be somebody who possibly could work with Trump, who wouldn't have TDS who could go to Washington and represent the people who don't hate him, who actually voted for him for president, but aren't necessarily Republicans or diehard maga.


Right? You you made a mistake there, my friends. You, you had a great Republican candidate, you rejected him. That's fine. You could rectify it the next time around. And I really, really, really hope you do. You have the, the possibility of doing that now. And I really, really, really hope you make a better choice because this woman is nasty. She's a nasty person the way she spoke to him about his military service. Like I will dane to tell you that your love for the military is real. I believe you. Who gives a shit whether you believe Pete Hegseth cares about the troops. Who gives a shit. How dare you say that to a man who's been deployed three times to Gimo, to Iraq, to Afghanistan, and has laid his life on the line for his country.


How dare you speak that way and then get out there and talk to the rest of us. Like we're these no nothing little teenagers. And that's the only reason why we voted for Trump, because our brains aren't fully developed. Long story short, Elise Lakin, thumbs down. Okay, gotta keep going. While we're on members of Congress, Tim Sarah, formerly Tim McBride has been elected as a congressman out of Delaware. And this is the person who led to the whole controversy over whether we were gonna be letting men posing as women use the bathrooms belonging to women on Capitol Hill. Remember Nancy Mace petitioned the house speaker Mike Johnson to say, please don't allow that.


Now in that case, it's kind of an academic exercise because all these congressmen have their own bathrooms, but it was a chance to raise a larger issue. And do you really want Sarah, formerly known as Tim McBride walking down, you know, in Statuary Hall and saying, oh, I gotta go. I'm gonna use this public bathroom that belongs to a woman. And there's your little girl who's there on a tour with her eighth grade class and bumping into this man posing as a woman in a skirt going to the bathroom. I don't think so. I don't want that. Get out. Go to your own space. And so Speaker Mike Johnson actually did change the policy to say you have to use the bathroom that aligns with your sex at birth. Well, Sarah, formerly known as Tim, God, there's a reason I'm struggling with the names and I'm gonna get to that, is throwing a fit right now through the surrogates because McBride was at a house hearing and representative Keith Keith Self, who's a Republican from Texas, referred to Representative McBride as Mr.


Which is what he is. McBride is a man, he is a man in a dress, he is a man in a skirt. Doesn't make him a woman, never will. And representative self referred to McBride as Mr. Leading another congressman to have a meltdown. And the hearing ended over him using the word Mr. Watch, I now recognize the representative from Delaware, Mr. McBride. Thank you Madam Chair, ranking member Keating also. Wonderful, Mr. Chairman, I'm sorry, could you repeat your introduction again, please?


Yes. It's a, it's a, we have set the standard on the floor of the house, and I'm simply, What is that standard, Mr. Chairman, the standard. Would you repeat what you just said? I, when you introduced a duly elected representative from the United States of America, please. I will. The representative from Delaware, Mr. McBride, Mr. Chairman, you are out of order. Mr. Chairman, have you no decency. I mean, I, I've come to know you a little bit, but this is not decent. We Will continue this here. You will not continue it with me unless you introduce a duly elected representative. The right way This hearing is adjourned.


Good for you. Congressman Keith self and shame on you. Bill Keating, Democrat from Massachusetts who used the opportunity of him speaking truth and reality to grandstand. That's what happened. Sarah McBride is a man. Sarah McBride is a man. Sarah McBride is a man. That's why he said, Mr, I am sick of the pronoun nonsense. And this is in that category. This is an honorific, what you get called by. But it's the same disconnect.


It's when you try to rub your belly and pat your head at the same time. And it's hard, like the left and the right, they don't really wanna do the same thing. They don't, you're, there's an incongruity happening inside your brain. And that's what was happening to representative Self who knew what he was looking at was a mister. Sorry Sarah, you're not fooling anyone, okay? You might look with a long hair to some people, like a woman. As soon as we hear you speak, we know. All right? We know it's obvious to everyone, and this is what Sarah decided to say about the issue after the fact SAT 17, We will not take a lecture on decorum from a party that incited an insurrection.


Does that sound like a woman to you? I appear to live rent free in the minds of some of my Republican colleagues. I wish that they would spend even a fraction of the time that they spend thinking about me, thinking about how to lower the costs for American families. I wish they would spend a fraction of the time that they spend thinking about me figuring out how to make government actually work better rather than making it work worse in order to prove that government can't work. They are obsessed with culture war issues. Oh, okay. The Republican Party is obsessed with culture war issues. It is weird and it is bizarre.


So you have a penis and are in a dress. So you, you get to stop with the lectures on the culture wars. Okay? You're a man with either a wig or with women's hair. I, I guess maybe fake breasts. I don't know what you did in there. Don't really wanna know either, but you're wearing a fucking dress and you've got a dick. I'm sorry, I just like get it together. Sir, you, you might not be in a position to lecture Republicans on the culture wars. All right? You are the one trying to pervert the culture right now, the vast majority of male to female trans people are auto gyno profiles. They get off, it's a perversion on dressing like a woman.


It's a fetish. They get an erection by putting on women's clothing and making the rest of us participate in the delusion. So Representative Faith did the right thing. He wouldn't participate in anyone else's delusion. And he doesn't have to, and neither do you. I don't wanna participate in anybody's fetish. There are guys who get off and dressing in a diaper and having women pretend that they're their little baby. It's a no, I'm not participating in that from afar or any place else. I I don't have to see this person when he is outta the bedroom and say, oh, how's my little baby? No, I wouldn't. And I don't, and I don't have to look at Sarah, formerly Tim McBride and say, miss and say, say Miss.


See, I can't do it. The reason I'm stuttering on it is because we know what the truth is. We know the truth is Mr. We know that. And that's why when you try to say Miss or Congresswoman, you can't, you stutter just a bit. You could get it out, but there's you, you've been hearing it. There's like a second of like pause because it's the head and the belly thing. Like I, I know what's real. I have mentioned this piece to you guys many times, okay? It is called Pronouns are Rahi, no pronouns are Rahi. No. And it is, it's by somebody named Barra Kerr. This thing was like contraband on the internet for quite some time after it was initially posted.


Nobody would let it be posted. They kept pulling it down and then finally it did get posted and now it's on the internet and you can just Google it and read it yourself. Okay? So this is how Barer per puts it. This is a couple years ago. So this is a brave piece. There's a lot of chat around pronouns right now, specifically preferred pronouns by which is usually meant the pronouns a person would prefer other people to use when they are the subject being discussed by those people. This is how I want you to talk about me. They, they bill it as a simple politeness, a courtesy. They go on to say, I've also heard many people declaring that anyone who won't comply usually directed as a woman. But here it was, man is obnoxious, mean hostile, unpleasant Misgendering is hate speech.


They say that is what Representative Faith was accused of. Misgendering Sarah, formerly Tim McBride, misgendering. What he did was actually gender Tim. Now Sarah, correctly, I'm not trying to be disrespectful of McBride by quote Deadnaming him. My general policy is if you change your name for whatever reason, I'll go along with your new name. I mean like, fine, lots of people do that. So I will call you Sarah if I must, but I will not call you she or her or Miss or Mrs. Or Congresswoman because those are false. They're fake. That's fake news. It's not reality.


If, if your name is now suddenly Sarah because you changed it legally, then that that's your new reality and I'm fine to go along with it. The reason I'm now saying Sarah, formally Tim, is because I'm trying to make a point to you about why accurate pronouns are so important and why it's so hard to play the game, the delusion game they want us to, all right, I'm coming to something. So, okay, bar Barra writes the following, Barra Carr Kerr, one of the biggest obstacles to halting the stampede over women's rights is pronoun and preferred name courtesy. People severely underestimate the psychological impact to themselves and to the, and to others of compliance.


And now they go on to talk about, forgive me, I don't know whether Barr, her as a man or a woman. So I, I don't know what the pronouns are here, but Kerr goes on to talk about how there's this test. You see all these colors I'm holding up, they're, they're colors like blue, gray, red, blue, orange, reds, whatever. But these colors in this test are not in their proper like color. Like blue in this thing is written as blue, but so is yellow. Yellow is also written in blue, gray is written in pink, blue appears elsewhere in yellow, purple appears in yellow, red appears in green. And how there is this experiment that you can take that shows how much harder it is for you to say the color of the words written in front of you when they're in the wrong color.


When blue is a color other than blue, when red is a color other than red, because your brain has an understanding, you have this conscious awareness that and, and a sub and an unc, a subconscious awareness that you're fighting a conflict, that something's wrong about what you're being asked to say. And using preferred pronouns, barer goes on, does the same. It alters your attention, your speed of processing, your automaticity. You may find it makes you anxious. You pay less heed to what you say, what you, what you want to say, and More to what is expected of you. It slows you down, it confuses you, it makes you less reactive.


That's not a good thing. Is that how we want our members of Congress? Do we want hearings in the halls of Congress with a bunch of congressmen who are slowed down, are confused, and who are less reactive to what they're hearing? We do not ladies and gentlemen. And it's not cruel to try to avoid that unnecessary distraction and hampering of our lawmakers. That's what Mr. Faith was standing up for Mr. Self. I keep calling Mr. Faith, Mr. Self. That's what he was standing up for.


He, he was standing up for reality and for the ability to function in his job in as clean and easy and effective a manner as possible that was standing the obvious delusion of the man wearing a skirt up on the Deus with him. The thing about pronouns are rohypnol in this piece that really stuck out at me is it ties back to Gavin de Becker's, the gift of fear, not explicitly, but in idea. And almost every woman I know has read that book. And if you haven't, you should. And if you're a dad or a brother, you need to buy it for your, your all the women in your life, okay?


Or a grandfather or a husband because Gavin de Becker's a national security expert, I mean a security expert, he has been fighting to prevent people who have been stalking victims from getting restocked to tighten laws around this. He's been on the security teams of our biggest and most well-known celebrities and business executives, politicians, you name it. He's a true expert in security. And Gavin de Becker wrote the, the Gift of Fear many years ago. And it's about how women have an eight sixth cents. And it's the thing that tells you late at night when you're getting out of the parking garage and getting into the elevator, if you see a sketchy male character in there, don't go in, don't go in.


Or when you see somebody come up to you as you have your groceries and you're trying to open up your front door of your house who says, oh, let me help you, let me help you. And you've got that tingling sense in the back of your neck go up. That's your gift of fear. And you say, no thank you. But you have this other side of you that's groomed by society. Be nice, be courteous. Don't be unkind, don't be a bitch. Be nice. He's trying to help you. He's doing you is solid and they're in conflict. That gift of fear. And the way women are raised, girls are raised, be nice, be kind. Don't be mean. Don't hurt people's feelings. The guy did you a solid, he offer to carry your groceries. Let him carry them.


He's doing a kindness, he being neighborly or get in the elevator, you're gonna hurt his feelings. What are you trying to say? Like you're better than he is. You're trying to think he smells, you know, like what you gonna, what do you mean he just gonna feel rejected in there? Like you think he's some sort of a pervert. Fucking get in the box, get in the locked box with the person who's making all of your spidey senses go off. That is crazy. So that's what Gavin de Becker writes, writes about in the Gift of Fear. And he's spot on. We all have it and we must listen to it. And we must not let it be dulled by fake or preferred pronouns which ask us to reject our innate senses, our innate understanding of what is real and what isn't.


In the name of kindness, politeness, courtesy, common courtesy or decency as you heard there, decency have, you know, decency is what was said in that exchange that it was indecent for him to call Sarah, formally Tim, Mr. It, it was absolutely decent, it was truthful, it was honest. And here is what they say about the pronouns are like rohitha. They dull your defenses, they challenge your inhibitions. They're meant to. You've had a lifetimes experience learning to be alert to him and relax to her.


That is true. It's not to say all men are evil or dangerous, but guys, you know what we're talking about. You know what, you know, if you've sent a young girl off to college, you know exactly who you've warned her about or off to some party in her later high school years. You're not really worried about her fellow girlfriends sexually assaulting her. They, they can do different kinds of damage, but not that it's men. It's men who in the overwhelming number of cases involving sexual assault or harm are the perpetrators against women for good reason. You've had this lifetime's experience, this instinctive response keeps you safe. It's not even a conscious thing. It's like your hair is standing on end. Your subconscious brain is helping you not get eaten by the saber tooth tiger that your eyes have not yet noticed.


Incongruent pronouns also make your brain work much harder, not just when you're using them, but when you are receiving them as information. You are working constantly to keep that story straight in your head. Male or female. Which, which one again? Concentrate harder, ignore your instincts, ignore your reaction. Ignore. And you are still affected emotionally and instinctively by incongruent pronouns, nouns, and names. Despite your efforts to be immune. You're not immune to this effect. You can know perfectly the actual sex of a male person and yet you will still react differently if someone else calls them. She instead of he pronouns are dangerous.


That's the truth. And the piece concludes by saying, I wanna be alert. I want others to be alert. I want people to see the real picture and I want those instinctive reactions that we feel when something is wrong to be unblinded, dulled by this cheap but effective psychological trick. I feel like I owe this to myself and I absolutely owe it to other women and that is why I will not use preferred pronouns. Using rohypnol on others is not a courtesy. That's so well done. And it's exactly right and that is why it was totally appropriate and right and correct to refer to McBride as mr.


So thank you for doing that. Thank you Keith Self, I appreciate it. And Bill Keating, you take a lesson sir, because you not only undermine the effectiveness of your hearing, but you in doing what you did, endangered every girl and woman on Capitol Hill in your home state of Massachusetts and in this country, we don't need to deny reality, we don't need to participate in McBride's delusion. It is not impolite or unkind or rude to call a man Mr. And that is a man. And the overwhelming odds are that that man is in indulging in a sexual fetish up at that microphone or on that Deus and you do not wanna participate in that.


Okay, that's McBride. Couple of other things I need to get to before we, before we move off into the weekend and that, okay, I might save this one for Glen Greenwald. Hmm, I'm on the fence. There's so much goodness here, you guys. I'm like, my team has pulled so many good things together that I've been texting them about all week. I'm on the fence about whether I should go for them. Alright, I'll do this next one 'cause I wouldn't do it. I won't do this with Glen Paris. Fashion Week was last week. And I remember watching some bits from Paris Fashion Week when, you know, I was younger especially, and a younger woman and cared about such things and like saw the fashions.


I've never been particularly like a fashion queen, but I pay some attention. And this is how it used to look. I mean like the most beautiful women on earth strutting down the runway. Totally freaking iconic. Here's one from the 1990s, it's the Versace Show, okay, look at these women, Carla Bruney, Claudia Scheffer Schaeffer, Naomi Campbell, Cindy Crawford, Helena Christensen. They're goddesses, they're absolute goddesses. They look about 10 feet tall in their gold Versace dresses with the shimmer. I mean, just female icons, total womanhood.


And it was lovely to watch. Absolutely lovely. And here's another one. This is a 2016 Balmain show. Okay? Stunning, stunning. Seven foot tall models with, you know, some cutouts on the dress, but still appropriate, perfectly shapely, not or anorexic for what it's worth. You know, just like great looking gorgeous, perfectly made up legs to the moon, great jewelry, sparkly, fierce, feminine, fabulous. Love it. There's some inspo there, there's some inspo. Whenever I saw things like that, I would remember, I would think to myself like, I gotta try harder.


I gotta try harder. Like in a good way, you know, like, maybe I will lose that last two pounds. I won't have that dessert. Or maybe I will like spend five more minutes at the makeup table just to try something new with the eyeliner. Like I think you feel good when you look good. God, there was some football player Doug told me about who used to say when, when you, when you look good or when you feel good, or when you look good, you feel good. When you feel good you play good. When you play good, they pay good. Was it Deion Sanders? Anyway, I loved it. Yeah, it was Dion Sanders. Look at that. I remembered a sports reference. Anyway, there's some truth to it. Will, we've gone a different way over in Paris where we had a very different kind of PA fashion week, including this man in a red dress that, look, he's bald.


He looks to me exactly like Uncle Fester. Take a look at this thing. Oh my God, oh, oh, he's got to be six and a half feet tall. He's gotta be 350 pounds. He's wearing I think a white skull cap and white makeup on his face. Look at this, it's the ma, it's the same man. It's uncle fester. He's, he's gotten, he's put on even more weight and he's gained a lot and he's gained some inches. They're proud of the disgusting huge fat belly, which is also being shown in the slit dress and absolutely no attempt, you know, to sort of work it like, you know, like a Laverne Cox might, you know what I mean?


Like work it as you walk the runway. No, he's walking like an uncle fest as well. And look at these idiots watching him in the, in the gallery. Idiots. Somebody should have said, come on, why didn't somebody say, boo, come on, sit down. Because they need to socialize in these circles. They can't be kicked out of the after party. They have to be at the right place with the right drink, with the right people so they can invite, get invited to the next one. Mm heavens forbid. What if you, what if you were to be banned from the next event to Paris Fashion Week? Can't have it Now. There's more about this particular, this particular fashion event and I've gotta find it because it's unbelievable.


Here it is. Okay, by the way, this was, this was during International Women's Week too, so take that for what it is. Uncle Fester. This show is by Matre Les. Okay? Reading that from my team, which translates to fecal matter piece of shit, which is absolutely true. So are they, are they just trolling us? Because this is a piece of shit attempted fashion. It's a Canadian design duo named Hannah Rose Dalton and Steven Raj bas Karon, and those are the ones who chose a bald, overweight man with white makeup to walk the runway in the fashion that we just discussed.


The model was quote, gender non-conforming. He's a DJ and a performance artist who goes by Louis G. Burton Lewis's Instagram shows that he is a man who dresses as a woman. But all of this has me wondering whether this is a real fashion pair. Why would they call their show Fecal Matter in French? But I took Spanish, which is literally piece of shit like, I'd like to know more if that was your goal. You nailed it. That was definitely piece of shit fashion. But I think instead it's probably just an effort to be as risque and push the envelope as possible so that you can be part of the cool kids.


That's what, that's what gets you cro props. There was an another moment in Paris Fashion Week that was right up the same alley. This one was from Dutch designer Durron Latis Dur Animal Collection, where a male model who had double D, at least prosthetic breasts, walked the runway. It's the, these things are jiggling like nobody's business. Look at this. This is so freaky. This is a freak. That's why what I see is a freak. Somebody you would've used to have to pay money to see this in a circle for the listening audience. It's a very tall man with pants and it appears to be no shirt though I'm told it's, it's one of those like bi sensor tops that actually is just like mesh.


You can see right through it. There was something you could, you couldn't have told. It was at a matched skin tone top creating the illusion. He was topless. Lat, the designer of what again? What's the designer of what garment defended the look to women's wear Daily. It's about cosplay. It's playing with bad taste. It's about form every season we're trying to sort of surprise ourselves with how we can change an original piece into something that we find interesting and we're gonna do whatever the fuck we want because we're free. Great. You do that Mr. Latan. And we will not buy any of your clothing, okay? Such as it is, there are always going to be mentally deranged people in our society, like the two people who are featured in Paris fashion show.


And then there will be equally cynical advantage takers like the designers behind this whole thing. The only solution for the rest of us is to say no. Call out the depravity and register how gross we find it. That's all we can do. Or we're going to lose everything to these people Already. Our society has devolved to the point where women are running around half naked at public events. You know, we, we talked about what we saw at the Oscars. Look what happens at the Grammys. You know, Bianca sin, I just mentioned her people are already literally running around naked to get attention. And now it's perfectly on brand for fashion week, which is supposed to have like a preview of what's coming to be naked too, but also trans and a man pretending to be a woman a, a man.


I guess mocking women's breasts, which are actually a mechanism to keep infants alive and not your play thing. Not your fucking accessory. UD Danish freak. It's just so deeply offensive. And all the rest of us can do is continue objecting. Just be loud about it. Object. You know, say you're disgusted. Don't tune in when it's somebody whose product we can punish. But to just let it go with like a chuckle, that's not good enough. This is, this is truly sick stuff and it cannot define us and it cannot continue. It really can't. Whether it's some guy dressed as a woman in the US Congress demanded to be called Ms.


No, some guy putting on prosthetic breasts again, which are an organ that help children sustain life. Not your toy or Uncle Fester putting on a red dress and trying to walk through Fashion week as, I don't, I don't even know what he was trying to do. I'm not sure, but I liked him a lot better when he was on the Adams Fa family. It was a great show. It was. It was. Was it? Yeah. Was it the Adams family or was it the Monsters? Okay, I get my, my monster shows from the 1970s. Confused. Alright, so that's it for now. Those are the things I had to go off on. I have a lot more to discuss. I including the Michelle Obama podcast and an amazing fact check we're gonna be doing on CNN that I think you're really gonna enjoy.


But we'll save that for when Glen joins us on Monday. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Okay, so you're thinking about what to get that person who has everything, or maybe you are that person that has everything and you just happen to appreciate the finer things. Well, do you want something really special? Consider hot salt. This is such a unique fun gift. Yes, hot salt. Exquisite, savory heat. Now you're interested. So let me tell you about Firecracker Farm, A wonderful little family company that makes hot salt, a delightful spice infused sea salt. It has the perfect amount of heat and amazing flavor that makes everything taste better. Word is getting out and people are loving it. And that is because it's made with love. People can feel it and taste it. It's small batch family operation. So supplies are limited. It comes in sleek stainless steel push grinders really cool. Plus you can take them anywhere when you run out. They have refills a little too spicy for you. Just mix it in with some regular sea salt to tame the heat, but you won't need to. It's blended to perfection. Honestly. It's the best thing to happen to food since fire. So what are you waiting for? Go to Firecracker Farm right now and use the code MK at checkout for a special discount. That's Firecracker Farm code. Mk. Get some hot salt before it's all gone. You're gonna thank me.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged, domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America At the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Ready to optimize your nutrition this year? Meet Factor America's number one, ready to eat meal service factors, fresh, never frozen Meals are dietician approved and ready to eat in just two minutes. Their chefs handle the shopping and chopping, delivering fresh, fully cooked meals to your door. All you have to do is heat and enjoy. Choose from 40 weekly options across eight dietary preferences like Calorie Smart Protein Plus and Keto. And if you're looking to lose weight factors, keto meals can help you lose up to eight pounds in eight weeks. Savor nutritious premium meals no matter how busy life gets. Eat Smart with Factor. Get started@factormeals.com slash factor 50 off and use Code Factor 50 off to get 50% off. Plus free shipping on your first box. Weight loss with Factor Keto based on randomized controlled clinical trial results will vary depending on diet and exercise.