
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megyn Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show back home in our real studio back from the Jersey Shore. The summer's over and man, it ended with a whimper. With that interview last night, the interview of the nation waited 39 days for has finally happened. And I've got a lot of thoughts, which I'm gonna bring to you just me today. Yes, vice President Kamala Harris and her emotional support, governor Tim Walz actually answered some questions from a member of the media. It happened, and honestly, in honor of her and her decision, I brought my big white blankie, and I'm just gonna do the show with my own big white blankie.


Today is my emotional support. I'm just gonna hold onto it. I'm just gonna, and I'm gonna hold my blankie and this is gonna get me through the next 27 minutes of interviewing from Dana Bash and also for potential maybe even eight years as commander in chief and leader of the Free World. I've got my, this is absurd. She did show up with her blankie, her emotional support governor, and he did, if it's possible, even more poorly than she did. All right, we're gonna get to all of it. I'm sorry, Dana Bash. I'm disappointed. I actually like Dana Bash. She's like, she's tough to dislike.


She's a nice person. And honestly, she's a real journalist. She really is. She's not like some of these other hacks, but she fell down on the job last night. There's no question. And my overall take, can I tell you, is that this is what happens when you have a meek person interviewed by a meek journalist. That's what we saw. I, I don't wish to personally offend her, but that's what I saw. She didn't have the stones to really press Kamala Harris, and I think that's because she knew Kamala Harris couldn't take it. So she went very gently with her. And as a result, we didn't get Kamala, Harris really pressed on any answers. And we didn't see her in any uncomfortable position, which is your job as a journalist in that kind of a setting, when you are the only one to get an interview with the person who could be the next president of the United States and you go soft on her, you failed us.


You've failed the profession and the country. And that's of course why she was selected. Kamala Harris knew very well. She could not take a tough interviewer. Her team knew she could not take a tough interviewer. And it's interesting to me, again, with all due respect to Dana Bash, that they went with Dana instead of Jake Tapper. Because when you're thinking about which of those pair to take, they did the presidential debate between Biden and Trump together. Why would you go with her? Oh, is a female thing? No, because since that debate, Tapper has actually obviously been trying to be more middle of the road. We all know what happened during the Trump years. Let's not go back over it. And so I think he would've felt a greater obligation to try to press her, but Dan Bash did not.


And while there were a couple of instances where she pushed, pushed for an answer to the question, there was so much more that could have and should have been done that led us feeling completely empty. That's, that's the overall take I have. It was empty calories. CNN promised that us that this interview was going to quote present Harris with the first chance to elucidate her position on various domestic and foreign issues. It did anything But. it wasn't even 30 minutes long and she wasn't alone again. She had her big white blankie there. He was there. Oh, just in case.


And he did try to actually help her out at least once at the top tried to claim he'd been saying something that was in defense of her. We'll get to that. But she struggled with the very first question, which is the most obvious question ever. They all ask, what would you do on day one? Literally everyone asks that. That is the most predictable question she's ever going to get. And she flubbed it. She, she, I don't know what she said. We'll get to it. Then she continued to gaslight on her border policies. The fracking answer that even earned her a very gentle Daniel Dale CNN fact check. This guy is rabid.


He's frothing at the mouth to go after Donald Trump on his little fact checks. This one was like, well, some might think that she didn't quite answer honestly. And then there's Governor, Tim, Walls, the blankie who claimed his Lies about his own military record and service amount to poor grammar. It was poor grammar, you see? And just too much passion. He's so passionate. He must lie. Literally. Unbelievable. It was literally unbelievable. Alright, so let's go through it. I've got her speech, I've got my notes and I wanna talk to you about it all. I've got some sound bites cut for you. This is my overall take.


She said nothing. She rambled, incoherently with a bunch of drl about a new way forward, an opportunity economy, and turning the page without saying anything. And the whole time I watched her, all I could think about was this scene. Do you guys remember this scene? I'm sure you've seen when Harry met Sally, great film. And at the end of that movie ish, toward the end, they're playing the game of Pictionary and Meg, Ryan's character is up there drawing. And you've got Bruno Kirby and Billy Crystal and the other cast members sitting on a couch trying to guess what she is trying to communicate.


Watch. It's a monkey. It's a monkey, a monkey, sea monkey do. It's it's an ape going ape. It's a baby. Planet of the apes. Planet of the apes. She just said, it's a baby. How about planet of the adults? It Doesn't look like a baby. Big mouth. Mick Jagger is a baby. Baby ape. Baby apes. Stop with the apes. Would you please? Baby's breath, baby. Rosemary's baby mouth baby. Why don't you come home Bill, baby, baby. Kiss the baby melancholy baby's mouth, baby fish, Baby fish mouth baby fish mouth. 15 seconds a baby mouth, baby, baby. Boom, baby. Draw Something resembling anything. That was it.


Say something resembling anything. This is how I felt. What are you saying? You're incomprehensible. I mean she was perfectly on brand in that way, But. it also looked very much like she had been coached to try to keep her demeanor very flat, very even keeled. I am a serious person. I am not a giggler. I have no cackle, I have no personality. I am a sober, serious person. Notwithstanding the many years you have seen me make an absolute ass out of myself, even when asked about my grand niece's moment of admiring me, I will remain sober and serious.


I'll start with that one just to show you what I'm talking about. Let's play that one. When she was asked about how wonderful it is that she's a role model when it comes to gender and race and the little grand niece who's, who's photographed looking at her, The photograph that has gone viral, you were speaking, one of your grand nieces that you were just talking about was watching you accept the nomination. You didn't explicitly talk about gender or race in your speech. But it obviously means a lot to a lot of people. And that viral picture really says it. What does it mean to you? You know, I, listen. I am running because I believe that I am the best person to do this job at this moment for all Americans, regardless of race and gender.


But I did see that photograph and I was deeply touched by it. And you're right. She's, it's the back of her head, her two little braids. And, and then I'm in the front of the photograph, obviously speaking. And it's very humbling. It's very humbling in many ways. It's very humbling. It's very, it's very humbling. Very humbling with no smile, very humbling. Clearly somebody has coached her to try to act more stoic. And it is just that it is an obvious act. And it was painfully clear. We've seen her, she's not an unknown. We've been watching her for years now.


Right? And even the way she answered that question, it was indicative of how she answered almost all of them, the forensic diagnosis of what we're looking at in that picture, right? It was like, and and she is looking at me and I am on the stage speaking, obviously speaking, okay. It's exactly what happened in front of the airplane the other day. What's next by Mr. Madam Vice president? I am going to go up these stairs. Like that's, that's the way her mind works. Small ball. There's no grand thinking. There's no deep thinking. There may not be much thinking at all. There appeared to be a struggle to maintain a script, to rehearse and then deliver the lines that her team had prepared her with.


And whenever she got off of those rehearsed lines, we got the Kamala Harris word salad, you know, the searching for a landing point. And that included on day one that, that was the first question. Tell us what you do on day one. And amazingly, they had not prepared her for this one because we were back to baby fish mouth on it. Take a listen. If, you are elected. What would you do on day one in the White House? Well, there are a number of things I will tell you. First and foremost, one of my highest priorities is to do what we can to support and strengthen the middle class October And series. When I look at the aspirations, the goals, the ambitions of the American people, I think that people are ready for a new way forward in a way that generations of Americans have been fueled by, by hope and by optimism.


What I think, sadly in the last decade, we have had in the former president, someone who has really been pushing an agenda and an environment that is about diminishing the character and the strength of who we are as Americans, really dividing our nation. And I think people are ready to turn the page on that. So what Would you do day one? Okay, I, is she hungover? This is how I talk when I'm hungover. Where you can, you can, you can't really muster much emotion. Your, your affect is flat. You feel slightly nauseous.


Like she seemed like kind of hungover, didn't she? Kind of mildly unwell and absolutely nothing was in there. Okay, I will tell you first and foremost, listen to all the filler. One of my highest priorities is to do what we can to support and strengthen the middle class. When I look at the aspirations, the goals, the ambitions of the American people, I think that people already, for a new way forward in a way that generations of Americans have been fueled by, by hope and by optimism. What the fuck are you saying?


Nobody knows what you're saying. I I, I used to be married to a great guy who is Polish, his parents are actually from Poland, and I learned a thing or two about the poles and polish in the way it's spoken. And one of the beautiful things about that language is they repeat things like in triplicate. It's, you know, If, you say like, how are you in Polish? A lot of Polish people will respond not just with, with I'm fine in Polish. Their answer would be more like, I'm fine, I'm great. I'm feeling really well. That's how they speak it. And that's her only, it's not actually on point, it's just random filler repeated three times.


What is this? When I look at the aspirations, the goals, the ambitions of the American people she's filling, she doesn't know what the day one priorities are. The team forgot to tell her, I think the people are ready for a new way forward. Okay? I guess that's a phrase we've practiced. So she got it out in a way that generations of Americans have been fueled by. What does that mean? What do you, what do you mean a new way forward that generations of Americans have been fueled by, we've been fueled by a new way forward. You mean like in the way that people die and then new people are born and we have a new way forward. Oh, by hope and by optimism. That's my day one plan, hope and optimism.


This was said. Then she goes on, I think sadly in the last decade, this is a favorite phrase of hers throughout, in the last decade we've had in the former president, someone who's been really pushing an agenda and an environment that is about diminishing the character and the strength of who we are as Americans. Filler, filler, filler. What do you mean? What are you trying to say? We've has, we've had a president who's rhetoric I don't like. What is she saying? He's been pushing an agenda and an environment that's about diminishing the character and the strength. I know I'm giving you a headache. People, I just want you to feel as Kamala Harris felt when delivering the interview hungover. I'm not actually making a comment about her alleged drinking, but I'm just telling you, I I know that affect.


I've seen that on my college friends. I went, I went to college for four years in law school for three. And I know that affect really dividing our nation. People are ready to turn the page. Here's what's crazy. She kept saying that thing over the last decade. At one point, Dana Bash finally said, you know, you, you guys are in office right now. We've been you If. you wanna turn the page? Why didn't you turn the page in the past three and a half years? And we'll get to her answer But. it wasn't just the last three and a half years. You know, you look back, what, what was a decade ago? 2014. Who was president then? Oh yeah. It was Barack Obama. Trump did not take office until 17 January of 17. He had four years of the last decade. Democrats had six and she was allowed to just repaint the sky.


It's not blue, it's it's red. It's been red all along with evil Republican policies and we're ready to turn the page. Okay then when Bash followed up, which was good, so what would you do? Day one, we got a little lecture on her opportunity economy, which is, she knew that one because that's from her speech two Fridays ago. Remember she laid out, you know, some random socialist policies about how they were gonna help everybody buy a house and they were gonna help everybody by giving them tons of money in year one of a baby's life. And she was going to crack down on the price gouging grocery stores that have a profit margin of under 2%.


Okay? That's kind of what she referenced. So here she was somewhat more steady 'cause she remembered her plan, fine then jumps in the blankie, the emotional support blanky here with me. It's soft and it's fuzzy. He jumped in and she bashed us. What about you? And he says, well, I'm excited about this agenda too. As I said, the idea of inspiring America to what can be, it's contagious. Her word salad inanity is contagious. The white blanket could wind up sounding just like her. What is it? What is it? What do you mean? As you've said, you've said nothing. This is your first answer.


When did you say that? She says that the idea of inspiring America to what can be, that's her line. We can be unburdened by what has been and then it be inspired as to what to be, what can be. That's what he said. Okay. So absolute nothing from him. Then we get to a good question by Dana Bash saying, okay, you, you want an opportunity economy and you wanna turn the page from where we've been. But a lot of people look back at the Trump years and wanna go back there. You know, we have a crisis of affordability. Things were good under Donald Trump when it comes to groceries being left less expensive. Hous housing was more affordable. And she goes into, it's the pandemic.


The pandemic was to blame. And we have got inflation now at under 3%. Okay? So we have basically fixed it. We've got inflation under 3%. Inflation when they took over was at 1.4%. It was at one 4.4% under Donald Trump. The pandemic started in March, the previous March, March of 2020. Everyone remembers where they were and they took over in January of 2021. Inflation was at 1.4%. It went up to over 9% under Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. And the fact that they have now gotten their morbidly obese patient from a level that they could star on that MTV show about your 500 pound relative down to something that might just require some ozempic.


And Jenny Craig is nothing to brag about. They're down now at the 3% range after trying to stymie the enormous inflation that they created with their drunken sailor spending at the beginning of the Biden Harris term that was not raised. Okay, that was not pressed. Groceries are still too high and so on. Now Bash says you've been vice president for three and a half years. The steps you're talking about now, why haven't you done them already? And what we got from Kamala Harris was the cost of insulin is down thanks to us there. She's very proud of the insulin. She mentioned it. I mean, I'm very happy that for the small subset of Americans that have to take insulin, the price has gone down not for nothing.


It went down under Donald Trump. Donald Trump is the one who lowered that and then they continued it and expanded the lower price for more people. So good. That's nice. But how is that an answer to why haven't you done all your economic policies you're touting when you've been in office, you've been too focused on the diabetics. That makes no sense. She went on and on. She kept raising this thing. So then Bash, we have it. Okay, well let's take a listen. You have been vice president for three and a half years. Yeah. The steps that you're talking about now, why haven't you done them already? Well, first of all, we had to recover as an economy.


And we have done that. I'm very proud of the work that we have done that has brought inflation down to less than 3% the work that we have done to cap the cost of insulin at $35 a month for seniors. Donald Trump said he was gonna do a number of things, including allowing Medicare to negotiate drug prices never happened. We did it. This is her plan to fix the economy. So now I, as I travel in the state of Georgia and around our country, the number of seniors that have benefited, I've met, I was in Nevada recently, a a, a grandmother who showed me her receipts. And before we kept the cost of insulin for seniors at $35 a month, she was paying hundreds of dollars up to thousands of dollars a month for her insulin.


Okay? We are still dealing with inflation that you caused. People still can't pay their bills. And we get job list numbers revised every other day downward because we're not making up the losses. This is, we'll get to her, her Lies about the jobs they created. But the plan, the plan is insulin If, you don't have diabetes. I don't know what the plan is for you. I said it was really not made clear. So DA Dana Bash follows that up with, so you maintain that omics is a success and she goes back to the insulin again.


I maintain that when we do the work of bringing down prescription medication for the American people, including capping the cost of prescription medications for seniors. And then we extend the child tax credit. Again, this is from her economic PO proposal the other day. She says, I'll say that's good work. And one of the other things she mentioned in here is when we do what we have done to invest in the American people and bringing manufacturing back to the United States so that we created over 800,000 new manufacturing jobs, that's good work. That's her answer to whether omics was a success. First of all, that 800,000 manufacturing jobs has been fact checked over and over. Joe Biden's touted it, it's a lie.


What they did was allow the jobs that have been shut down thanks to the covid Lockdowns to resume some 600,000 of those were just getting the people who had been put out of the work, out of work by the government during the pandemic lockdowns to allow them to go back to work. And then naturally the American economy generated a few more on top of that. That's what she's claiming. That's the sole evidence in this that she's pointing to as the omics success. Okay? So she's not disavowing, omics. That's actually kind of the headline that she's not saying. It's not gonna be how I attack, attack this.


That's Joe Biden's plan. You can ask him about it. She's not distancing herself from it. Then Bash asked her, okay, how about fracking? You supported the Green New Deal and you said in 2019, there's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. Fracking is very important, especially in states like Pennsylvania, which is a must win for Kamala Harris. This is a massive point of vulnerability for her and she knows it. So what did she do? She lied. Watch When you were in Congress, you supported the Green New Deal and in 2019 you said quote, there is no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. Fracking, as you know, is a pretty big issue. Sure. Particularly in your must win state of Pennsylvania.


Sure. Do you still want to ban fracking? No. And I made that clear on the debate stage in 2020 that I would not ban fracking as vice president. I did not ban fracking as president. I will not ban fracking. Okay. She says she made it clear on the debate stage in 2020 she was no longer running for president in 2020. She had been chosen by Joe Biden as his running mate. And she had one debate and it was against Vice President Mike Pence. I will show you that in one minute, but first I'm going to show you the clip from 2019 to which Dana Bash was referring.


There's no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. So yeah, and, and, and starting and starting with what we can do on day one around public lands. Right? And, and then there has to be legislation. But yes, and this is something I've taken on in California. I have a history of working on this issue. And to your point, and you know, they, we have to just acknowledge that the residual impact of fracking is enormous in terms of the impact on the health and safety of communities. Okay? So ne there's a true believer there's somebody who actually set her position and then backed up why she has that position. You can see that seems sincere. So when did, did she take the stage in 2020 and say, I was wrong, fracking's not the way, and I reverse myself on my promise to you absolutely.


That I'm gonna ban fracking. When did she do that? I don't remember that. Most people don't remember that. Here's what she actually said in the Pence Harris VP debate in 2020. I will repeat. And the American people know that Joe Biden will not ban fracking. That is a fact. Joe Biden will not ban fracking because Joe Biden's position was let's not ban fracking. And he was at the top of the ticket. But listen to how she mischaracterized it. All right, I'm gonna go back through it with you. Will you ban fracking? She, she asked No. And I made that clear on the debate stage in 2020 that I would not ban fracking.


That I would not ban fracking. Let's, let's listen again, let's reque 2020. I made that clear that I would not ban fracking. And but before you listen to this, here's your follow up answer. In 2020, I made very clear where I stand and I have not changed that position. I kept my word watch. I will repeat. And the American people now that Joe Biden will not ban fracking. That is a fact. She's a liar. And this was the biggest anchor fail of the evening. When you get ready for an interview like this, you must study the candidate's positions.


There was zero doubt this was going to come up Zero doubt by Dana Bash and CNN and Zero Doubt by Kamala Harris. And as the anchor, your obligation is to study the previous positions, which Dana Bash did to some extent. She saw that the comments in 2019 and then figure out where the candidate is likely to go and be ready for it so that you can ask appropriate follow ups. Dana Bash apparently ignored or saw and disregarded the answer in 2020. I understand why it's clearly not Kamala Harris saying, I reversed my position, But it. You would wanna know, you'd ask your team, get me everything she said on fracking at all the debates. Make sure I know.


And so she should have known that in 2020 she was asked about this issue at a debate and she restated something that was Joe Biden's position, not hers. And I believe that her failure to do that is what let left her unprepared to fact check the candidate in the moment, which was what was required of the journalist sitting there. She should have said no, Madam, what you said on the debate stage in 2020 was that Joe Biden would not ban fracking. That Joe Biden wouldn't do it. You have never reversed your own position except in a paper statement that was released by your campaign.


So when did you personally flip instead she got away with this. That distinction would have been noted by a journalist who was prepared and I'm sorry, but she wasn't. She let her get away with it. I mentioned at the top this CNN fact checker. This guy's so annoying. I mean he's just so annoying. The double double standard and the fervor that he applies to Trump versus Kamala Harris. I mean it's obvious in his little gentle fact check of Kamala here. Watch It makes perfect sense that at the time she was speaking on behalf of Biden, the President, not the vice president sets administration policy, but maybe other people feel differently. I certainly did not hear anywhere in there Kamala Harris saying that she personally had abandoned her previously expressed 2019 view.


Rather again, she was speaking for Joe Biden. Oh my God, he's so weak. Good Lord he's weak. Maybe others feel differently. How the fuck could we feel differently? It's express, it's explicit. She didn't say it. I'm sorry. It's ridiculous. I hate failures in the press like him. That's ridiculous. How do play it again? How do I feel differently that she was stating her own opinion? Let's watch for it. I will repeat. And the American people now that Joe Biden will not ban fracking. That is a fact. There's no feeling differently. Stop it. Just stop with your false. I'm kind of fair. You know, I it's, it's a matter of opinion.


You could go one way or the other. You cannot. She did not reverse herself. There's no longer version of that answer that makes it better. She only spoke to Joe Biden's position because he beat her in the primary in which she was saying she wanted to ban fracking. He beat her. Americans don't want that. It's just, it's incredibly frustrating. And then she actually had the balls to say, I kept my word and I will keep my word. And I've been very clear where I stand. Dana Bash says, what made you change the position at the time? Now the proper follow up would've been, you never did say that you changed your position.


You only started to espouse the position that was at the top of the ticket of the man who actually won the nomination. She answers, we have this, don't we? My values have not changed. Do we have this one watch here. And here's her answer. When Dana Bash says, what made your position change at the time, Let's be clear. My values have not changed. I believe it is very important that we take seriously what we must do to guard against what is a clear crisis in terms of the climate. And to do that, we can do what we have accomplished thus far. The inflation reduction act, what we have done to invest by my calculation over 10, probably a trillion dollars over the next 10 years, investing in a clean energy economy.


What we've already done, creating over 300,000 new clean energy jobs. That tells me from my experience as vice president, we can do it without banning fracking. In fact, Dana, Dana, excuse me. I cast the tie-breaking vote. That actually increased leases for fracking. Yeah. As vice president. So I'm very clear about where I stand. And was There some policy or scientific data that you saw that you said, oh, okay, I get it now. What I have seen is that we can, we can grow and we can increase a thriving clean energy economy without banning fracking. Okay. Okay. Let's just go over this.


Let's do the first part together. Okay. The first part can be summed up as follows. Draw Something resembling anything. Say something resembling anything. My values have not changed. Let's be clear. Let's do, my values have not changed. I believe it is very important. Filler, filler, filler that we take seriously. Filler what we must do to guard against what is a clear crisis in terms of the climate. What was your posi? What made you change your position at the time? Let's be clear, my values have not changed. It is very important that we take seriously what we must do to guard against what is a clear crisis in terms of the climate.


You've said nothing. You've said absolutely nothing. And to do that we can do what we have accomplished thus far. What? Speak English. Wait, no. There's too many words and too little substance. And to do that we can do what we have accomplished thus far. That is not an answer and it's definitely not responsive to what made you change the position at the time when you changed your position, according to you, when you allegedly had your own personal flip flop between 19 and 20, what made you change your position? Was it the Biden administration's policies being implemented because you didn't even have the office yet?


We can do what we have accomplished thus far. It was what we had accomplished thus far. This is not an intellectually gifted person. Okay, then she goes on, you heard her to talk about the inflation reduction act, a clean energy economy. She stumbles on saying Dana B's name, which I grant you is hard, but you know, this is a person who's been lecturing us about how we need to pronounce her name perfectly. And so she got all, and I said, Dana, it should be Dan. I'm with somebody who lectures. So that threw her off. And then she says the following, I cast the tie breaking vote that actually increased leases for fracking as vice president.


So I'm very clear about where I stand. You're the only one. I cast the tie breaking vote that actually increased the leases for fracking. Whoa, that's big. Awesome. She sang as part of the Inflation Reduction Act, they helped loosen the spigot on fracking and the Q cast, the deciding vote. You know what they did? There actually were some more leases for fracking in that thing. And then you know what the Biden Harris administration did? They then stopped it. They paused it. We just looked this up. They paused the program that would allow for the leases until the Department of Energy can update the underlying analyses for authorizations. Meaning we actually don't wanna do that at all.


And here's why. In part they said it's because the current authorizations do not account for the impact of greenhouse gas emissions. They are so dishonest. That is, I allowed the fracking leases to go up right before I stopped them. For the very reasons that I'm in favor of banning fracking to begin with, which is greenhouse gases. And my deep concern over the environment, the real 2019 Kamala Harris is the actual Kamala Harris, the one who was able to explain why she hates fracking when she was asked at that town hall and everything thereafter, is a lie.


It's a lie. She doesn't wanna lose Pennsylvania. I know a lot of Pennsylvanians, they're not dumb. And those who are in the fracking industry are gonna know exactly what's happening here. Okay, then we get to immigration here Again, utter fail. She talks about how Dana Bash sets it up. Forget borders are, even though that was everywhere, including on CNN, now it's just root causes. That's all you had to look at. You had to address the root causes of migration. How'd that go? Watch this. Why did the Biden Harris administration wait three and a half years to implement sweeping asylum restrictions?


Well, first of all, the root causes work that I did as vice president that I was asked to do by the president has actually resulted in a number of benefits, including historic investments by American businesses in that region. The number of immigrants coming from that region has actually reduced since we began that work. But I will say this, that Joe Biden and I and our administration worked with members of the United States Congress on an immigration issue that is very significant to the American people and to our security, which is the border. Okay? So they care deeply about the border and really she was only in charge of root causes.


And why they waited three and a half years to implement some reforms to asylum went unanswered. It went unanswered. And then when finally Dana Bash was offered the opportunity to ask a follow up, she did not say, why did you wait? I'm asking you why you waited to do anything about the border until right before he was running for reelection. She did not. What she followed up with was, oh, okay, so you would push the legislation that did not actually get passed again. You'd push it again. We already knew the answer to that. She already said that. She said that at the convention that she wants to sign the bill that got killed the bill that Republicans killed.


In part because it would've given the President Joe Biden the ability to completely erase the bill, wipe out the bill, pretend the bill had never been passed with a stroke of his pen. It gave him the authority of a king to stop all the reforms. One of the many reasons why the Republicans were like, this is not a good bill. We're not signing this. We're not gonna push this. But they say it's all because of Trump. Okay, so the, that would've been the opportunity at the long, at the end of that long answer to say the question was why did you wait three and a half years to do anything about the border? But she didn't. She went to the empty. So would you push that legislation again, something we already knew the answer to a waste of a question, a failed follow-up opportunity and something we really needed to know.


Because under this administration there have been been at least 10.4 million illegals who have come into the country that those are the official numbers. That's not counting the God aways and all that 10.4 million under Biden Harris. Guess how many it was under Donald Trump? 2.34 million. 2.34 versus 10.4. Why didn't I hear those numbers mentioned last night? Why wasn't that the follow up? Why did the border czar or person responsible for root causes of migration not get those numbers put in her face and have to answer questions about how we got there, and specifically whether she's going to deport those illegals.


What's going to happen to them? Are they going to be deported? What are you going to do to stop the illegal crossings when you take office specifically? Do you support what Joe Biden did on his day one? On his day one? We pulled it just this, the, the, the gaslighting on immigration was at peak levels last night. She actually tried to swagger in there and pretend like she's been the Stephen Miller of the Joe Biden administration who's been like with her thumbs in the belt loops going, yeah, lemme tell you partner, we're gonna shore up this border 'cause we don't want, no, that's not what she's done.


It's not what Joe Biden's done. It's not what anyone in this administration has done. Here's what Joe Biden did. And the reason we went from 10 from two under Trump to 10 under Joe Biden in the first 15 days in office, many of these were on the very first day, more than a dozen Biden administration, executive orders were issued relating to the Trump's, to Trump's adminis immigration policy. Number one, he moved to suspend the remain in Mexico program, which was very effective and said, If, you wanna asylum here, we'll evaluate your claims. You have to stay in Mexico while we do so If, you get denied your Mexico's problem, not ours.


They got rid of it, they didn't like it and they pushed to kill it. They halted construction of the border wall stopped constructing construction of the border wall and sold off the pieces so that it couldn't even be resumed with any sort of ease if a Trump administration were to come after them. They eventually lifted the title two restrictions, right? That turned back unaccompanied minors and others who arrived without a parent or guardian guardian. And then as soon as he revoked that policy, their numbers spiked at the border. And February of 2021, that's a month after Harris Walz took office Harris, sorry, Biden Harris, they initiated a review of the Trump policies quote that have effectively closed the US border to asylum seekers.


It was one of their top priorities. Get the asylum seekers back, invite the people back. We don't like what Trump did. They began a review of the fast track deportation procedure that Trump had implemented, known as expedited removal, which allows immigration authorities to remove an individual without a hearing before an immigration judge. They didn't like that at all. That was all Biden Harris. They did, however, in February 20th, 2021, issue a memo to ensure that lgbtq plus refugees and asylum seekers had equal access to all protections. Let's make sure that the gay refugees and asylum seekers have plenty of rights.


They issued a memo in March of 2021, reversing the Trump policy that banned refugees from key regions and enabled flights from those regions to begin within days. Okay? So they enabled flights from these regions from which Trump had banned refugees to begin within days. They declared that the 15,000 annual refugee refugee cap set by Trump would be raised. And it was raised in, raised in 2022 to 125,000. They got exactly what they wanted when they reversed all those Trump policies. For her to stand up there now and try to act like she was this tough border czar, who as a former prosecutor understood the dangers of illegal immigration was absolutely ballsy in its dishonesty.


There's more that, that story about, I was a da now I was Attorney general. I cracked down on illegals in California who had broken the law. Yes, if they had broken the law while in your state, you prosecuted them and you started paying attention to, in particular the gangs that were coming over these trans na transnational organized gangs who are committing crime in California. That's a different issue, madam. That does not relate to how you would stop them from crossing the border to begin with. And we know where Kamala Harris stands on this, this issue because she's made it clear.


She's actually put it in writing herself. There is a tweet she sent out April 21st, 2017 that reads as follows. An undocumented immigrant is not a criminal period. An undocumented immigrant is not a criminal. I have news for you, miss Attorney General. They are a criminal if they came here illegally, if they crossed the border illegally, it is a crime. It is called improper entry. And you can be imprisoned for up to six months for doing it. It not, they wanna pretend that all these illegals who came in under their administration, again, the number's greater than 10 million by by millions.


They, they were just visiting relatives and their visas expired. That's not a crime. But If, you come across the border illegally through the holes in the fence, through the river bypassing border patrol. It is a crime and she knows that. But she Lies the, the, the immigration piece of it was just absolutely galling and infuriating. I don't know whether anybody's gonna take the time to actually fact check them. I think most Americans have a general feel for it's gotten much worse under Biden Harris. Dana Bash followed up with some of this shit and said, what she was trying to say is, you flipped on a lot of things.


How are s how are people supposed to take you at your word? And here comes one of the most inane answers of all something about metrics and deadlines around time. Watch. How should voters look at some of the changes that you've made, that you've explained some of here in your policy? Is it because you have more experience now and you've learned more about the information? Is it because you were running for president in a Democratic primary and should they feel comfortable and confident that what you're saying now is gonna be your policy moving forward? Dana? I think the, the, the most important and most significant aspect of my policy perspective and decisions is my values have not changed.


You mentioned the Green New Deal. I have always believed, and I have worked on it, that the climate crisis is real. That it is an urgent matter to which we should apply metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time. We did that with the Inflation reduction Act. We have set goals for the United States of America and by extension the globe. And then she went on to say, my value around what we need to do to secure our border, that value has not changed. Well, if that value has not changed, then it remains an undocumented immigrant is not a criminal and that we should open the border. What is metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time?


It's baby fish mouth. That's what it is. It's baby fish. I need my, I need my blankie. I need my emotional support blankie to get through. I don't understand anything she says. And she could be president and I, I I don't think she's smart enough to be president and yet she, she could be pushing through policies that affect my children. I I need my blankie. I, I understand why she travels everywhere with the blankie. It must be very disconcerting to be Kamala Harris and to not understand anything. And now not only do you not understand anything, you gotta lie about it all. You gotta try to remember the old position, the middle position, the position you've now been forced to take in order to try to win this race and try to claim that they're all totally consistent.


It must be very unsettling. That's, I can't wait till estate Patti, you know, who came on the show. She's amazing. Gets a hold of metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time. The climate crisis is, is real. It is an urgent matter to which we should apply metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time. That's what I'm gonna say to my kids in the morning when they don't get out for school on time as we go back to school, we have implemented metrics that include deadlines around time. And I expect you to honor them. Nice clear messaging. She goes on to say, oh, you know, in, in Georgia, I've been here extensively. I'm in Georgia now.


I believe it's important to build consensus. It's important to build consensus. This is still the answer to why should people believe that you're not gonna flip again? Why should they believe you at your word? Okay, so the one is metrics that include holding ourselves to deadlines around time. Then my value around what we needed to secure our border. That value has not, cha not changed. Okay. Then she gets to the third paragraph answer, which is after four years of being vice president, I'll tell you I've traveled Exte extensively. I'm here in Georgia, I've been here 17 times. Good for you madam. Good for you. And I believe it's important to build consensus. It's important to find a commonplace of understanding of where we can actually solve problems. That's the plan. It's important to build consensus and important to find a commonplace of understanding of where we can actually solve problems.


That's the plan. It's I guess how we're going to be governed similar to Tim Walz, as I said, the idea of inspiring America of to what can be the idea of inspiring America to what can be and then her hope and optimism a new way forward. And then we land it with this build consensus to find a commonplace of understanding of where we can actually solve problems. That's your next administration America. Then Dana Bash wasted a question on whether she'd put a Republican in her cabinet who gives a shit. I mean, literally nobody. I can, I think I can speak on behalf of Republicans when I say no one gives a shit.


We all know that if she puts a Republican in her cabinet, it's going to be a Liz Cheney, Adam Kininger type, maybe like a Nicole Wallace Republican, maybe Jen Rubin Republican. No one cares the answer to that. That was a wasted minute and a half we could have used on many other issues, including the radical behavior of her running mate. Okay, let's get to Tim Walz who just when you think no one sitting at this table, neither she nor the big white blanket can embarrass themselves any further. He does. She asks him to her credit about the carrying the weapons in war, which we know is a lie. He never served in war.


He's been stealing valor for quite some time. And take a listen to this answer. You said that you carried weapons in war, but you have never deployed actually in a war zone. A campaign official said that you misspoke. Did you? Well, first of all, I'm incredibly proud. I've done 24 years of wearing the uniform of this country. Equally proud of my service in a public school classroom, whether it's congress or or the governor. My record speaks for itself. But I think people are coming to get to know me. I, I speak like they do. I speak candidly. I wear my emotions on my sleeves and I speak especially passionately about, about our children being shot in schools and around around guns.


So I think people know me. They know who I am. They know where, where my heart is. And again, my record has been out there for over 40 years to, to speak for itself. And the the idea that you said that you were in war. Yeah. Did you misspeak as the campaign has said? Yeah, I said, we were talking about, in this case, this was after a school shooting the ideas of carrying these weapons of war. And my wife, the English teacher telling my grammar is not always correct, but again, if it's not this, it's an attack on my children for showing love for me or it's an attack on my dog. This took chutzpah. Let's go through it. You said you carried weapons in war, but you've never deployed in a war zone.


A campaign official of, official of yours said, you misspoke. Did you? Well, I'm in, I'm proud, incredibly proud of my record. He keeps doing this. Equally proud of my service in the classroom. Did I mention I was teacher and a coach, A coach, an assistant coach. Okay, whatever. But he's more stolen valor and the classroom. I'm in the classroom. My record speaks for itself. It doesn't actually, you've put a lot of Lies into that record that you've been called out on by service personnel. You must clarify as your campaign had tried to do and now you appear to be distancing yourself from that clarification. And then here's, here's, I mean, two pieces of this that are really, I speak like they do. People are coming to get to know me. I speak like they do.


I speak cand candidly. I wear my emotions on my sleeves and I speak especially passionately about, and then he goes on to blame it on the school shootings. I guess he was upset about school shootings, so he lied. But stop saying you speak like we do. I speak like regular people. What kind of bullshit is that? No, you don't, sir. We don't lie about military service. We didn't actually perform like going to war. We don't steal valor by saying that we had a higher rank in the, in the National Guard than we did. We, we don't run around saying we were part of, we served in operating enduring freedom in Afghanistan when we didn't. We don't stand and watch somebody say that we were in combat in Iraq when we weren't.


You don't blame it on us. Don't pull us down to your lowest common denominator of falsehoods. We don't behave like that. You do. And you're asking for the second most powerful position in the nation. You want us to put you there? You can't even be honest about the Lies that you've told. We don't even get a straight explanation for what you said and why you said it. It would be fine to do some spin. But instead you wanna say, we all lie like this. Stop. I'm passionate. I'm passionate as the audience on this show knows I get passionate about a lot, a lot. It doesn't cause me to lie. It's not some weird total recall insertion in the arm that, or the head that makes you suddenly start lying passion.


That's not how passion works, governor. They know where my heart is. He says my, my record's been out there for over 40 years to speak for itself again. What a dodge. So then she goes back, you heard it there. So did you misspeak as the campaign has said, that was a good follow up. And he says, well, yeah, I said, we were talking about, in this case it was a school shooting, the ideas of carrying these weapons of war. And then this gall and my wife, the English teacher told me, my grammar's not always correct. You mean it was a grammatical error when you said the weapons of war you used in war when you said you carried a weapon into war, it was a grammatical issue.


Does anybody believe that? Literally no one does. How about, and this was, this was the place Dana Bash for the follow up. Are you actually saying it was a grammatical issue when you said you carried weapons into war? That's what you want this audience to believe. Was it a grammatical issue when you said from the time you ran to for office to today, still on your gubernatorial website, that you were a retired command sergeant major when you weren't, was that a grammar issue? How, how exactly I, this was, I know you feel it.


I I don't have to explain it to you. And then the final chutzpah, again, if it's not this many meaning these crazy attacks on me, if it's not this, it's an attack on my children for showing love for me or it's an attack on my dog. Okay. After the Democratic National Convention, a couple of insane lunatics online thought it would be fun to make fun of his son Gus, whose special needs, who's on the autism spectrum. My understanding is he's nonverbal. Well he's verbal, but he's got a non nonverbal quote disorder of some sort. And some trolls thought it might be fun to make.


I don't know whether they knew that about the sun or not. I'm going to assume they didn't, but I could be wrong. So you pick one or two trolls and you elevate that to the only presidential sit down that you and your running mate have given you elevate it. Why? Because you're trying to paint yourself as the victim. This is a Meghan Markle. I've said that Kamala Harris is a Meghan Markle. She fires everybody. She bullies everybody. And there's no substance to her. So is he. That's this is what Meghan Markle does. The British people are racist, the American people are racist. And then she finds a couple of random troll comments on the internet to prove her point. You wanna find random troll comments to prove that people have said something about you. It's very easy, very easy. The the what is true is what the overall takeaway was of any given event of the reaction to any given event or appearance.


And the overall reaction to Tim Walz and Kamala Harris at that convention was extremely positive. And the outpouring of love for his son and the relationship between a father and son in that moment was overwhelming to yes, even among Republicans. But he wants to dodge the responsibility for his Lies and he brings up his son to do it. He tries to hide behind his son and say, remember when they attacked my poor boy? That's disgusting. He re elevated the attacks on his child and fronted them with a huge national audience in the only presidential sit down they've given because he needs cover.


It's disgusting. It was incredibly cynical what he did. And then he adds an attack on my dog. Do you know what that bullshit is? Is about, his dog is named Scout. He put out some picture of him with Scout and then his campaign put out a different picture of him with Scout only. It was a totally different dog within the same timeframe as he still owns the First Scout. So it wasn't like, oh, you know, he one died, he got a New Scout. People were like, what's happening? And we know that this guy's a serial liar. He lied about the Chamber of Commerce, giving him a commendation. He lied about being a retired command sergeant. Major. He's been dishonest about exactly when he found out he was deploying to Iraq. I mean he, he lied about his DWI back in 1996.


He, he was deaf. That's bullshit. No, he is not. So he, here again, he, he posts a picture of his dog scout only it's two different dogs. And the internet started to go nuts. Like is he lying about his dog? What is the, why is he lying about his dog? And and his campaign said, oh look at the full video scout's in it. You know, I guess they just posted the wrong picture. That's not on the public, that's on his campaign staff. And they wound up having to delete the second erroneous scout tweet. It was his personal Twitter by the way. So I mean we can blame it on the staff But. it was his personal Twitter. Anyway that, so now that's elevated to the attack that like three people launched on Twitter against his son Gus.


He's the victim. You see the evil Republicans will stop at nothing. They attack my dog, they attack my son. Phil Houston will tell you this is classic behavior of a liar. He's a liar. And he was caught, and he hasn't come up with a better way of explaining any of this. She did not ask about any of the other stolen valor claims. Instead, as we pointed out, she was interested in the photo of the niece and whether there might be a Republican in the cabinet. There was no follow up. No follow up whatsoever on on anything he said.


Then there was the IVF question. There's another thing he lied about. He said they used IVF. They didn't, they used a totally different fertility technique that is less invasive, less difficult, with all due respect to the IUI recipients. I understand and less controversial than IVF. He did that because he wanted to attack Trump and Vance as allegedly being against IVF, which is a lie that's being circulated about them. It's not true. And so she raised that and the drunk driving Lies in another question asking, how can people take you at your word? Similar to Kamala Harris, like you reverse yourself on everything. And here's Tim Walz who just Lies about everything and listen to what he said. You had to clarify that you had said that you and your wife used IVF But.


it turned out you used a different kind of fertility in order to have children. And then when you ran for Congress in 2006, your campaign repeatedly made false statements about a 1995 arrest for drunk and reckless driving. What do you say to voters who aren't sure whether they can take you at your word? Well, I've been very public. I think they can see my students come out, former folks I've served with, and, and they do, they vouch for me. I certainly own my mistakes when I make 'em. What the one thing I'll tell you is of I wished in this country wouldn't have to do this. I spoke about our infertility issues 'cause it's hell and families know this. And I, I spoke about the treatments that were available to us that, that had those beautiful children there.


That's quite a contrast in folks that are trying to, to take those rights away from us. And so I, I think people know who I am. They know that record, they've seen that I've taught thousands of students. I've been out there and I, I won't apologize for peaking passionately, whether it's guns in schools or protecting of reproductive rights. The contrast could not be clear between what we're running against the vice president's position on this has been clear, and I think most Americans get it if you've been through that. I don't think they're cutting hairs on IVF or IUII think what they're cutting hairs on is an abortion ban. If, you went through IVF, you were very clear that you went through IVF once again.


Was it you just misspoke and said IVF that you'd used IVF. When you go through IVF, you have massive ethical concerns. You worry, you worry about the embryos that you might create and what you're gonna do with them. I'm gonna freeze them forever. A a am I gonna go back and try to use them all. These are my children. It's, it's a difficult moral question. Been there, I was lucky enough to not wind up having to answer that because we didn't have the extra embryos. But I feel for those people who are just dying to be parents, and this is one of the tough questions they have to ask. It's, it's agonizing f him for trying to pretend we don't split hairs between IUI and IVF. Yes, we do split hairs. And in fact, there is a reason why a lot of conservatives would not do IVF and I get it.


I totally get it. But he, this is a another lie to cover up for his other weird form of stolen IVF valor. Yes, it's absurd. I get it. But he's glom on to those who have actually gone through IVF and put themselves through this and wrestle wrestled with these ethical considerations because he wanted to sound more sympathetic and like he had better standing to make the case against Trump Vance. And now it's just no one's splitting hairs. And I speak passionately. I speak passionately, understand. And when he gets passionate, Lies come out. He's passionate about his drunk driving. He was passionate about his rank in the military. He was passionate about why he didn't go to Iraq.


He was passionate about the Chamber of Commerce. He, he was passionate or just using improper grammar when he said he carried guns into war, the war in which he never fought the war, war from which he cut and ran. That's Tim Walz, okay? That's the big white blankie performing his role. And then the gall of, I certainly own my mistakes when I've made them. You know, If, you drop the th on the them, you sound folksy and lots of people write nice articles about how avuncular and folksy you are. I make, I own my mistakes when I make 'em. You're literally failing to do that right now.


The how did she not follow up with, will you do that here? Will you do that here? Was it a mistake to say that you were deaf? That you had a hearing problem when you didn't, when you've been caught driving 96 in a 55. That was, was that a mistake? Would you like to own it? Was it a mistake? You were mistaken about the fact that your wife went through IVF? That was, that was a mistake. You were mistaken when you said you were in war. That's a, that's a big one, George Santos to say that you were in war when you, you were mistaken about your rank by the way. We went back and looked and pulled the actual notice from the National Guard demoting him in 2005 because as you know, he never actually earned the rank of Command Sergeant Major.


When he retired, he was placed, placed in that provisionally and then he retired without having earned it. So it was withdrawn. And he went from being an E nine status with the government to an E eight. And he got a notice saying, you've, your rank has been reduced as follows. And now he wants us to believe that he owns his mistakes and he speaks passionately. You guys know what's happening there. The question is, will the American people, finally we get to biden's cognitive decline. She asked one question, any regrets? Any regrets about your Lies? That's me, not her. And here's how that went. Do you have any regrets about what you told the American people?


No, not at all. Not at all. I have served with President Biden. I'm sober. I'm serious, by the way, For almost four years now. And I'll tell you, it's one of the greatest honors of my career. Truly Very sober. He cares so deeply about the American people. He is so smart and and loyal to the American people. And I have spent hours upon hours with him, be it in the Oval Office or the situation room. He has the intelligence, the commitment, and the judgment and disposition that I think the American people rightly deserve in their president.


By contrast, the former president has none of that. Why is she talking about him like he's a dog. He's got the disposition, he's got the disposition to serve. And then talking about how he's smart. He's, he's really, he's got the intelligence to do the job. What? She's been spending too much time searching the internet about herself and she's feeling unsteady about her own level of intelligence. He's smart. What about us? We're smart. Name that movie. Email me Megan at Megyn Kelly dot com. We're smart. We're smart too.


There was no follow up. There was no follow up about her critical role in covering up his cognitive decline. By the way, for those of you playing at home, he's still president right now. Technically he's been on vacation for a month. How about, did you see any of the cognitive decline that we saw at that debate or thereafter? Did you feel any obligation to do something about it for those Americans who blame you for not bringing this to the forefront earlier? What, what say you do you wish to apologize to the American people for not coming forward earlier on the cognitive decline of the sitting commander in chief? No nothing. You can find non snarky follow ups, even if you're Dan Bash and afraid of confrontation in that situation.


And she owed it to us to do that. She went on New Way Forward, turned the page last decade, and we didn't get anywhere. We really didn't get anywhere. It ended with the inanity about the, the, the picture. She spent some time on the call, the call from Biden to Harris a lot of time actually on, you know, telling her that he wasn't gonna run and that, you know, would he get behind her. And there was a moment where she said, she starts to giggle. I'll give you a little too much information. And Dana Bash says, there's no such thing. Oh, contraire Dana. Oh, contraire. Because then we heard a little lecture about how I was with my baby nieces and they said, auntie, can I have more bacon?


We had just had pancakes, you see? And I said, yes, I'll make you more bacon. Yes, it is. Too much information. She was right about that. That was the thing that Kamala Harris was most right about in the whole interview. And when we were gonna sit, we were sitting down to do a puzzle. See we had bacon and we had a puzzle and we had pancakes and it was wonderful. And then he called me and it was very clear he was gonna support me. And then she says to her, so when he called you, he said, I'm pulling outta the race and I'm gonna support you. And she says, well, my first thought was not about me, to be honest with you. My first thought was about him, to be honest. And that's another tell, to be honest, is one of those filler words that's generally meant to cover up something that is not honest.


It just is. It's one of those key words. To be honest, my first thought was not about me, which basically tells me that her first thought was 100% about herself and it was not about him. That's basically it. That's where we are. The media reaction has been gross. I mean, honestly, like the, the gaslighting continues from the media. Bill Burton, who's really kind of turned into a, an just a partisan hack. He used to be kind of a straight shooter in the Obama years. Now he's just a bootle and kind of sad really. He went on about this like, it was like it was Reagan after the Challenger went down.


I mean truly he was treating this like she really is, is the most articulate, inspirational leader we could ever ask for. And I guess we're just gonna have to pretend that that's real. He says this is a moment to recognize that it's absolutely underappreciated. Vice President Harris is running a perfect campaign. She's worked in the international spotlight these last four years. She's endured incredible amounts of criticism. She came out the other side, absolutely ready for this moment. She took over a campaign she did not hire, she added pieces to the team who've made it stronger. Those pieces, by the way, way last night, were running around the internet trying to tell us, she said more than she did and some stuff different than she did. Her campaign manager all over the internet saying, oh, what she said there about fracking was as follows.


And then insert message that had absolutely nothing to do with what Kamala Harris had actually said. You could feel their frustration. She goes, he goes on. She ran a convention that was absolutely electric and it's energy. I'm sure Kamala Harris is out there directing that convention. Don't you think she micromanaged that and she stepped up to the biggest speech of her life and achieved at the highest level. It is not inevitable that anyone could be able to do what she's doing. She is a true inspiration. What's been funny though is over on CNN, the reaction was pretty lackluster, I have to say. Like I think they kind of knew she had a job to get done and she didn't get it done. And that's really the question that we end with.


Did she change anything? If she did, she changed it for the worst for her. There's no way that that interview helped Harris Walz just no way. If anything, it helped Trump. And we'll see whether Trump is disciplined enough and has strong enough messaging with his team to capitalize on all the things that we've just gone through is yes, we did some fact checking. And in particular the border stuff is just so galling. If they don't shove that down her throat, then they deserve to lose. I'm sick of this bs. Where are the great messengers? Get out a damn ad that calls her out on all this bullshit. I just, it's so easy if I can do it sitting here ad-lib, you can do it.


I just, how long do we have to wait before they shove this stuff down her throat? It can't be a Trump Truth social tweet. Get an ad together. Like that one we saw in Pennsylvania in the Senate race right after she announced. So she lied a lot. I don't think she changed the game in any way to help herself. I do think she helped Trump, but she only helps Trump if he, if he capitalizes on it, there may be some help even without that. And it's as follows, the American people watching that at home would understand that Tim Walz is a liar. They would definitely understand. He was a liar. You could see him dodging. He was very clear, passionate, grammar.


They know that's not true. I'm just like you in my Lies. There's just, that's not gonna fly. And Kamala, Harris is new. I'm super serious thing in response to the ridiculous laughing that she always does. They're, they'll notice that contrast and understand this is fake for sure. Americans understand a phony. So those two things will stay lingering out there. You know, the stench will linger and will it make a difference? It could. It could. This race is very tight. It could go either way. It's as tight as it comes. She tried to to help herself last night in her must wing Pennsylvania. She's clearly seen Poles in Pennsylvania that show she's, she's gotta be in favor of fracking, right?


I won't go back on my word again, but I don't think this was a race changer. I think if anything it hurt her. She checked a box and now I think it's gonna be a long, long time before she in her big white blankie go out there again with another journalist, nevermind a press conference. Which I think would be absolutely terrifying to them. Thank you all for joining me today. Let me know your thoughts on all of this. Megan, M-E-G-Y-N at Megyn Kelly dot com and If, you sign up today, you will get our singular email that we send out just on Fridays to get you up to your date on all the news in under 60 seconds. And we always have a fun strudwick of tape for you in some of our, you know, best segments of the week.


If, you missed any of them. And before we go, I do wanna tell you that we have an exclusive interview for you. It airs this Monday on Labor Day. You can listen to it in your car ride home when we're stuck in traffic anytime, but it's well worth your while. It's a special episode featuring an extraordinary sit down we did with four military veterans who are speaking out together for the first time about this Stolen valor controversy. They served with Tim Walz. Some of them went on the Iraq deployment that he dodged and some of them took over for Tim Walz. Some you've heard it from before, some you haven't, and it's remarkable.


I met them yesterday in New York. It was a powerful conversation. Don't miss it. And in the meantime, have a great weekend and enjoy yourselves. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.