
Hey everyone, it's Megyn Kelly. Welcome to this special weekend bonus episode. Did you miss our viral interview with Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson last week on their new book Original Sin? If you did, you can catch the whole thing right here. Enjoy and we'll see you Monday with the ejs. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megyn Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Today, a deep dive into the decline of President Biden's cognitive health while in office, including never before heard stories, from those very close to the President, and a true reckoning about the media's role in the Democrat party's attempted coverup.


In minutes, I will be joined by CNN's Jake Tapper and Axios Alex Thompson, regarding their new book. It's called Original Sin President Biden's Decline. Its Cover Up and His Disastrous Choice to Run. Again, this will be their first long form interview. The book does include some shocking new details, including from some of Mr. Biden's own cabinet secretaries who said that by 2024, the President could no longer be relied upon for being able to perform at 2:00 AM if there were some sort of emergency, he was not able to answer that call. Another revelation from the book, A Source close to Mr.


Biden said, quote, five people were running the country, and Joe Biden was at best, a senior member of the board. Who were those five people running the country? And who exactly perpetrated this attempted coverup? We will ask for and receive names in just a moment, but first, look back at the President's decline that we reported on at the time that was called, nothing More Than a Conspiracy Theory. We Hope these truth to be self-evident. All men and women created by the go. You know, the, You know the thing, Signs of a slipping, Joe Biden were everywhere, even in the run up to the 2020 election for a politician long known for gaffes, this was something different concerning brain freezes like this one on CNN in April, 2020.


You know, there's a, during World War Two, You know, where Roosevelt came up with a thing that, You know was totally different than a, than the, it is called, he called it the, You know, the World War ii. He had the war, the, the war production board, But raising questions about Mr. Biden's mental fitness back then was risky. Just ask Laura Trump, who dared to go there in an interview with Jake Tapper weeks before the 2020 election. I think what we see on stage with Joe Biden Jake is very clearly a cognitive decline. Okay? That's what I'm referring to. It makes me uncomfortable. You, you are no to watch the money on, on stage search. I, this is so amazing.


It's so amazing to me that, that, And try and figure out an answer, A cognitive decline. Well, when you're Trying to tell me that what I was suggesting was a Stuttering, I think you were mocking his stutter, Joe. I think you were mocking his stutter. And I think you have absolutely no standing to diagnose somebody's cognitive decline Less than four and a half years later. It's tapper doing the examining. Starting in around 20 19, 20 20, there were two bidens. There was a Biden that was perfectly workable, serviceable seemed fine, and then there was a non-functioning one In his new book, Original Sin co-authored with Axios Alex Thompson, the pair document, the behind the scenes panic among Democratic officials over Joe Biden's Decline Tapper claims.


He was on the case all along, but couldn't report fully until after the election when more people were finally willing to talk. But it was a story most Americans had already seen with their own eyes. The best way to get something done. If you, if you hold near and dear to you that you like to be able to anyway For getting the names of world leaders, I wanna thank that fell down under. Thank you very much, pal. And then the moment that shocked even casual observers. Jackie, are you here? Where's Jackie? Asking for Congresswoman Jackie Walorski, who had died in a car crash seven weeks earlier.


The President had publicly mourned her death when it happened, even lowering White House flags in her honor, but he remembered none of it. Tapper did occasionally press White House officials Watch him, right? Watch him. And he, I've, I've, They're watching him. That's what I'm, that's the 77% who are concerned. No, no, no. It is hard for us to keep up with this president. The, the same president who couldn't remember the name of Hamas. There's been a response from the opposition, Then came the bombshell, her special counsel report. Mr. Hur described President Biden as an elderly man with a poor memory who could not remember when he was vice president or the year his son Bo died.


I think anybody sitting down for an Interview like that, where you're being asked specific dates over and over again, you're not gonna Remember every single one. In early June, 2024, a Wall Street Journal story exposed concerns from members of Congress about a diminishing president. There's Been a relentless focus in some news outlets on minor slips by our president that I frankly think are typical of anyone who's keeping a demanding 14 hour day schedule. A coordinated message claimed conservative media was deceptively editing clips In major areas where people get their news. This lie or this concept about Joe Biden is being validated. Fake Videos of President Biden that are being referred to as cheap fakes, they're cheap.


They're just distorted outta context. Videos chopped up in certain ways, constructed in certain ways. He's far Beyond cogent. In fact, I think he's better than he's ever been Joining me now, Jake Tapper, he's the host of the lead with Jake Tapper on CNN and Alex Thompson. Alex is a national political correspondent for Axios.


These days, it feels like nothing surprises us anymore, but not in a good way. The headlines are heavy, the future feels uncertain, and so much is out of our control. But one thing you can take control of right now is your family's financial future with life insurance through select quote. Whether you need 500,000 or 50 million in coverage, select quote makes it easy to find the right policy for your unique needs. They have helped over 2 million people find more than 700 billion in coverage since 1985. And they do it fast often in this little as 15 minutes. Other life insurance brokers might push generic overpriced plans, but select quotes, licensed agents work for you, not for the insurance companies. Even if you have a pre-existing condition like high blood pressure or diabetes, select quote partners with carriers who can still offer coverage. And if you're healthy, you could get same day coverage with no medical exam required. So don't wait for another. What if consider taking a step to secure your peace of mind. Get the right life insurance for you for less@selectquote.com slash megan. That's select quote.com/megan select quote, they shop you save.


Guys, welcome to the show. Thanks Megan. Thanks Ravi. Us. Yeah, great to have you. Alright, first of all, Jake, explain why it's called Original Sin. It's called Original Sin because right after the election we started talking to democratic sources who were telling us how horrible things were not just in front of the cameras and all those clips you showed, but how much worse it was actually behind the scenes. And one of them said to me that the Original Sin was that Biden should not have run a reelection to begin with, which then necessitated the coverup of how bad things actually were. And that's, and that term Original Sin just stuck with me some when Alex and I talked about doing the book, I think the day before election day, I, I already thought Original Sin would be the perfect title because it just gets at how momentous a decision this wa was, how momentous is a mistake.


This was to run for reelection. And then of course the coverup. Alex, we understand that you originally had drafted a book along these lines, but then the deal fell apart. So how did it get revived? When did publishers get interested in what you were trying to tell? Well, my book project actually was different. I mean, it was a Biden book, but it was with Simon and Schuster. They signed the deal in January of 2021 and it was supposed to come out before the election. And you know, maybe there was, there was maybe gonna be some age stuff, but it was much more about the family dynamics and how they affected the president and the presidency. Ultimately, the book deal did fall apart.


Simon Schuster canceled the book in October of 2023. There are a few reasons for that. One was I was running behind two Biden books were not selling well. And third, You know, there was a, a honestly, like a, a difference of what sort of book we were. We wanted, and that was most manifest in sort of a, a debate or, You know, clash over the title of the book. And I wanted to call the book Haunted. 'cause the thesis of the book was, he's haunted by his son Bo. He is haunted by the hunter stuff, by the Obama comparisons, by the idea that Trump could win again. And they wanted to call the book Soul Man or Shadow Boxer.


And I saw, I said no and Good Hill To die on. I just, just keep Thomas Hall movie. It was an expensive, It was an expensive hill to die on. So I, I returned the mi I returned the advance. And then, You know, I obviously had some Biden reporting and it was interested in trying to revive some sort of project on Biden 'cause I'd covered him for so long. And it was really, the book was Jake's idea about making it focused on this one issue of the Biden presidency. Yeah. And This is the issue. Okay, I got it. Lemme keep going. Yes. Yeah, let's just, let's, let's go right to the controversy around the book and, and then we'll get to the contents of the book, which I definitely wanna spend time on.


As You know, this book, it's right in the ni the subtitle, it involves coverage of the so-called coverup. But Jake, the criticism has been that you're complaining about a coverup about Joe Biden's mental acuity that failed, that right wing pundits saw the right wing in general, saw that independent media saw and reported on. And that was no mystery even to left wing and so-called mainstream reporters who were not fooled, but chose willful blindness instead of honest reporting. And that you were part of it. How do you respond? It's a, it's a tough and fair question.


I would say that Alex and I, after election day, interviewed more than 200 people, 200 mostly democratic insiders. And all these interviews were, almost all of these interviews were after the election. And they justified to themselves what they had done in terms of misrepresenting how the president was not just to me and Alex and other reporters, but also just to each other and to the world, and to Democrats into the cabinet, et cetera. By by saying that there was this existential threat of Donald Trump. And only Joe Biden could beat Donald Trump. And that justified everything in their minds after that existential threat was over.


'cause the election was over and Donald Trump won. They were, we found Alex and myself remarkably willing to talk to us, either off the record or on background or in some cases on the record about what they saw. One of the things that emerged was that there were two bidens. One was the fine Biden serviceable adequate, and the other one was a, as a non-functioning Biden. And that's the one we saw the night of the debate. And that's the one we saw some clips of here and there that you just showed. And that non-functioning Biden, the one that lost his train of thought in, in a significant way, not in the way just that every human loses their train of thought, but in a way that shows that he's having trouble articulating his very views.


And the one who forgot the name of close Aids, who was not able to come up with George Clooney's name, didn't seem to recognize him, all that sort of thing, that non-functioning Biden was, according to our reporting, showed up as, as far back as 2015, after the death of Bo, where one top aide said that that tragedy, the loss of Bo was like watching somebody pour water on sand. That was the effect on his psyche. And there were other moments, 2017, 2018, you hear some, the her report, one of the reasons he came to that conclusion was because of the recordings they heard of Joe Biden in 2017 talking to his ghostwriter in which he was similarly inclined, obviously in 2019, 2020.


There were other moments like that. Most of his campaign staff and others would say like he's, You know, look, he's 78, he's 79, he has senior moments, but he's fine, he's fine, he's fine. Well, he wasn't fine. And in, in, throughout his presidency, that non-functioning Biden would show up more and more and more. And he was worse and worse and worse, really deteriorating tremendously. The next time there was a really horrible family incident, which was when Hunter Biden's plea deal fell apart in the summer of 2023. And then obviously in June he was convicted and the thought, the fear of losing his son, not to jail, but maybe to another, to a relapse, to an overdose, to suicide, who knows, was a very real fear.


And the, the, the threat of losing a third child really just diminished him tremendously according to top aids. So all of which is to say that this was a deterioration, this was a pro, this was a progression. And look, knowing what I know now, obviously I feel tremendous humility about my coverage that Laura Trump interviewed, for example, et cetera. We'll get to that. She saw some, she saw something that I did not see at the time, a hundred percent. And I own that. I did ask Joe Biden to be transparent about his health records in an interview in 2020.


I did ask him about the fact that voters, but then he Wasn't thought That he, that he was not transparent at all. No. He promised you that he would be transparent about his health records and then he wasn't. And when you sat with him again at, at all, including one month, including one month after the Jackie Walorski thing, you didn't ask him about it. You didn't follow up on the fact that he was following up the stairs, that he was losing his train of thought regularly. That he was slurring, that he was incomprehensible, that he was getting lost on the White House lawn. And you sat right across from him and you asked none of that, notwithstanding the fact that he had promised you he would be fully transparent about his health issues. That's true. But I did ask him about his age and the fact that the American people had concluded that even though he said, whenever anybody brought up the subject of his age, watch me.


And I said, yes, they're watching you and they are concerned you did that. You were too old for this job. But, but You, You know, you, You know as well as I do that there's a way of, you can say, Hey, there's this poll on your age. Or you could say you just forgot that Jackie Walorski was dead. You tr you asked where she was. Moments after watching a videotape tribute to her, you lowered the flags at the White House after she died. This happened 13 days before you sat with him. There is a way of pressing a man like that on the actual infirmities to bring it home to him and to the audience. And you didn't do it. That's correct. I didn't. And like I said, I feel humility about my coverage.


I mean, it's not like I was asking him his favorite movie or his favorite color. We were talking about Putin, we were talking about other issues of national importance. But yeah, I mean, of course I've said I, I look back at my coverage with humility and, and I wish I did cover the issues of age and acuity, but I wish I had covered them much more. And I wish, I mean, of course in it's May, 2025, do I wish that in that 10, 15 minute interview I had with Biden in October, 2022, that this had been the only subject because I had then what I know now.


Well, it wasn't just that though, Jake, it wasn't just that, I mean, you sat with him a couple of times in the course of his presidency and these issues were not pressed. Well, there was at least that time and then there was the time at the beginning and, but separate Apart from that, Megan, Megan, Hold on. You covered the Biden's presidency I sat with No, no, no. Let, lemme just finish my point. I'm just saying, you covered the Biden presidency Interview with him during his FI had one And, and it was 13 days after the Jackie War War lower ski thing. But you covered the Biden presidency aggressively throughout the four years and, and you didn't cover mental acuity hardly at all. I mean, time and time again when issues came up, you seem to be running cover for the president. I don't, I I don't Think that's true. You didn't seem interested. Well, I mean, we'll start with the Laura Trump issue that you referred. Here it is, this happened in 2020.


Joe Biden, as we all know, his work to overcome is stutter. How do you think it makes little kids with stutters feel when they see you make a comment like that? First And foremost, I had no idea that Joe Biden ever suffered from a stutter. I think what we see on stage with Joe Biden, Jake is very clearly a cognitive decline. Okay. That's what I'm referring to. It makes me uncomfortable. You, you have no watch the money on stage, you this, so you're Trying to tell me that what I was suggesting was a stuttering. I think you were mocking his stutter idea, Joe Biden. Yeah, I think you were mocking his stutter. I think you had absolutely no standing to diagnose somebody's cognitive decline. And it's very concerning to a lot of people that this could be the leader of the free world.


Okay, you, that is all I'm saying. I genuinely thank you, sir. Feel sorry for Joe Biden. I appreciate it. I'm sure it was from a place of concern. We all, we all believe that Laura Trump, thank you so much. Do you wanna apologize to Laura Trump? Now I've already apologized to her. I called her months ago. And what did she say? I, I mean, I don't wanna disclose the, the contents of a private conversation, but I thought the conversation went well and she said she has said this publicly, so I'm, I feel fine sharing it. She said that she would never mock anybody's stutter. But I mean, I, You know, after we did the research for this book and I realized how bad his acuity issues were, I like, I I mean I I called Laura Trump and I I said you were, you were right.


She was totally right. That's the thing. Because when I watched that clip and I'm, I'm giving voice to what a lot of people watching the show are feeling. Jake, I feel angry because she was right. And not only did you not allow her to make her comments, but you, you seem to try to humiliate her. You you had a hostility toward the position, but she was totally right. And then you lectured her on how she was in no position to diagnose cognitive decline, which okay, you guys do at length, including on page four of your book you described at length his cognitive decline, which is all she tried to do with you, but you had such a visceral reaction to her. And my feeling is that's because you didn't wanna hear it.


No, that, I mean, if we can, I'm happy to talk about this. I, I didn't come here thinking that you weren't gonna ask me about this, so I'm happy to talk to you about it. No, I know. The first time I saw the coverage of Laura Trump's comments, which were interpreted as her mocking Joe Biden's stutter was in January, 2020. I read it in conservative media, I read it in the Daily Mail. And that's where I saw that her comments were being interpreted that way after those comments were publicized, it got a lot of coverage. And Sully Sullenberger wrote an op-ed in the New York Times criticizing her about this.


So that's the context for that, that I was following up on a story that had been out there months before. This is also in the context of October, 2020, a very intense time. People on the Biden side are saying crazy things about Trump. People on the Trump side are saying crazy things about Biden, including Don Jr. Suggesting that Joe Biden is a pedophile. So that is the larger context. But as I said, her comments have aged, well, my comments have aged poorly. I own that. But I think what is significant is in addition to me owning that, the reporting that Alex and I have done, which is beyond just, and I, when I say just, I don't, I don't mean to diminish it, but the comments of Joe Biden making gaffes saying things stupid, tripping are all important and all deserved to be aired and all deserve scrutiny.


But as You know, Megan, because even though you look 30 years younger than me, we're roughly the same age. Joe Biden has been saying stupid things for decades. Okay, I get what What you're saying. But, but that, but this minimizes it too because it was more than things. No, I'm Not minimizing At all stupid things, but I I'm just, I'm telling you, like over here in my ecosphere, we were covering all of these. It wasn't just falling down, it was getting lost. It was some of the stuff you report in your book, we knew and we were reporting on like the multi jump cuts in the videos of him, or it was obvious he couldn't get through a one minute take. So they had to use those. It was clear to us that he was using teleprompter and, and, and there was some reporting on that at the time, all of which the White House was denying.


Now with the current White House, I have some connections with the Joe Biden White House. I had none. But you did. You did. And so while that's, oh, you, Megan, you've been in Washington 30 years, Jake, you guys, you and CNN have White House connections, but there was no effort, none to get to the bottom of this. And now for you guys that's accurate, accurate, write this book. Like there was a coverup. It's like you, there was a cover Up and there was an attempted coverup. It could only ever work if you allowed it, if the press allowed it. So some of us tried not to, and some of us were complicit. First of all, the Biden White House did not like me. Okay?


This is, I do not have great connections with the Biden White House. Well, Clearly you a lot of sources. You say you talked to over 200 sources for this book. This Was after the Election. You had some, you could've called and worked. No, that's the point is that they were not being honest. That's the point that This story, well, did the Wall Street Journal get it in June of 2024 and Jake Tapper and CNN couldn't find sources for this story then before he dropped out. Annie Linsky and Sivan Hughes did an amazing job in their reporting and, and they should be heralded. And I heralded them. I had them on my show right after the debate to talk about their great reporting. But Annie Linsky after the debate, but you did not put them on when they published that story, which was before the debate, Correct?


I don't know what the booking situation was, but it wasn't 'cause I didn't want them. I'm sure I said that day. Let's book. I'm sure I said that day Let's book the Did They? Yeah. You, yeah. You put on a Democrat and, and you allowed the Democrat to rip on the report as a Rupert Murdoch sponsored hit piece. No, no, No. It's just Megan. That, that What Happened, Megan, we're gonna do, if we're gonna, if we're gonna, if we're gonna do this, let's just stick to the facts here, okay? When there is a damaging report, That's what I've been doing all along. I'm of us. I'm talking about what you just said. I just, I just been, I didn't miss the biggest story of the century when it comes to presidential politics. And one of us did. Okay? So the, there is a difference, okay, between the clips of Joe Biden falling on a stage at the Air Force Academy graduation, there is a difference between the clip of Joe Biden embarrassingly for forgetting that a Republican member of Congress who he's talking about has died.


Those are embarrassing. Those are important. But there is a difference between that and the investigative journalism that Alex and I were able to do and only able to do after the election. And I know You know this because you've been talking about the scoops in the book. I don and you've talking About, I know I don't diminish the importance of the book. I don don't, I have supported the importance of the book and we'll talk about the contents of the book at length, but there is no way we can have that conversation with an audience that is as skeptical of your ability to tell the story as mine is without addressing your role in this. Right? Like Alex is a different story. But You know, you've watched the coverage since it came out that you wrote this book.


There are this Allegion of, of articles about how comparing you in some instances to like oj instead of if I did it, this is, if I hid it that like you are not the right messenger to bring the story about the coverup because you helped, you allowed it and you likely did that out of a desire to help Joe Biden and hurt Donald Trump. You didn't wanna do anything that might improve Trump's chances. I do not think that that is accurate. I I do not think that that is true at all. The idea that Sivan and Annie do their piece and we have on the co-chair of the Biden campaign is not me trying to cover for the Biden campaign.


That is me putting the questions of the reporting that were made to him and saying things like, so you really haven't seen any moment or you would acknowledge that, wouldn't you acknowledge that he's lost a step? He's 81, et cetera, et cetera. Like I said before, do, if I had known then what I know now, would I have been more aggressive? Yes, of course. But I just, how Did I know? And you didn't know. I'm just curious. 'cause when I saw that Wall Street Journal report in June of 24, I scoffed at it like, okay, it's a, it's a attempt, but it's lame. Everybody on the right wing ecosystem and the independent media ecosystem knew it was a lame attempt that only scratched the surface.


We had all been discussing his, let his serious cognitive problems for years. By that point, Jake, in June of 2022, this show did a, a full two hour program. Oh, that's great. On his cognitive decline. Yeah, I Heard, I heard it. It was, I I know we wanna pretend I'm mentioning the Wall Street Journal out of as, as a courtesy, but those of us on this side of the aisle had been reporting in depth on his multiple problems and the obvious lies we were being told for years, for years, you really want the audience to believe you were fooled. What do you mean? I was fooled? I I I'm not saying I was fooled. I'm saying we all saw these moments before the camera and they were obviously concerning And he was obviously aging and that was significant.


But the people at the White House, So did you do to the bottom of it? I'm trying to answer the question, but, so the people at the White House, when I would call, when others would call, when Alex would call would lie. He's fine, he's fine. You'd call Democrats and say, what are you seeing behind the scenes here? Because this is concerning. He's fine, he's fine. This is just a moment. He's 79, he's 80. He has moments like that. But he's fine. His decision making's fine. They're still saying that. They're still saying that. And let me defend Annie and Siobhan there for a second because you just said that there Wall Street Journal's story just scratched the service. They got what they could get in June, 2024. And I went back and Alex and I went back to report some of the same things that they reported on.


For example, there was a meeting in the White House about Ukraine funding in January, 2024. And we were able to get people to say things as a democratic member of Congress that I, look, I don't know who Annie and Siobhan's sources are, but they were not able to get them to do that. I assume that, You know, they had dozens of sources for that article, but not one of the Democrats that they talked to would even talk on background. It is a complicated thing to try to I get It. Get to. But your commentary on your show, yes, I'm gonna bring you in, but your commentary on your show, Jake consistently ran in one direction. Occasionally you would ask tough questions. I think that's true. I mean, here you are on September, 2023 saying that Biden was sharp mentally September of 2023.


No, No, no. Hold, no, Hold on. You said hold on. You said he sharp mentally. I'm, I think the question is physically right. He's sharp mentally. And then you pointed out that his opponent Donald Trump, was only a couple of years younger than he was. There are many examples where you're doing that kind of coverage. Okay, So let's, let's be honest and, and full about what you're talking about Frank for, There's no problem with honesty on this show. Okay. Frank Fork. Yeah, let's, let's watch it, let's watch it. Yeah. Frank Fork came on with a biography about Joe Biden. Frank Fork came on to talk about his biography with his biography with Joe Biden. And I'm trying to summarize what his conclusions were. So he is saying that Biden Was okay and where is, where is the part where you say he's not sharp mentally Frank, we've seen the following 10 examples in the past year, nevermind three years Where I wasn't, I I've already said I wish I had covered this more aggressively.


Frank for, had come to the show to talk about his book about President Biden. This was in September, 2023 and I interviewed him about his book and that was the end of that. Now I, I suppose in retrospect I say again, I wish I had been more aggressive. I do. Yeah. But Our reporting suggests, and like I said, we've talked to more than 200 people, democratic insiders, that the real deterioration of President Biden. And yes, there was a, a digression, a regression, whatever you wanna call it, deterioration since 2015. But it really started to intensify in the summer of 2023 when Bo Biden, I'm sorry, when Hunter Biden's plea deal fell apart and Joe Biden was terrified about what that effect would have on his son.


I accept that, I accept that it got worse in 23 And PE and people close to him say that was a real demarcation. And in October, 2023, there is the last cabinet meeting for almost a year. And cabinet secretaries tell us that that began, that fall 2023 began what they call a weird period where they were kept at bay, where they were kept away from President Biden. Okay? And that Now we're getting the substance, which I do wanna talk about. I'm about to switch to that. But let me, lemme just ask you, because when we got to leading up to the debate, which you anchored that June 27th debate 2024, there was a ton of news leading into that debate in that month.


And we look back at your coverage and found that you ignored it. Not only did you ignore the Jackie Walorski moment when you had him 13 days later, but you ignored the freeze up that he had at the Juneteenth celebration. You ignored What happened to the G seven when he wandered off. And Georgia Maloney Prime minister of Italy had to go find him. You ignored the freeze up at the George Clooney LA fundraiser. You didn't cover it, you only covered it after the debate. After George Clooney wrote his op-Ed Jake. Nobody made you do that. There, there was a, your network at every turn was telling us those were quote cheap fakes.


And you were not combating that narrative. You were CNN was actively misleading us on what our very eyes were showing us. That's the truth. That's the record. I will acknowledge that after I was named moderator, co-moderator of the debate, I tried to make sure that my coverage was fairly vanilla, both about Trump and about Biden because I just wanted to get to the debate. And You know, the Biden people and the Trump people, I'm kind of frankly surprised that either one of them agreed to have me as a moderator because both sides disliked me so much.


But yeah, I remember that, that moment and I remember that moment, the glitch at the immigration event and not getting much attention outside of conservative media at all. And Alex and I are here to say that conservative media was right and conservative media was correct and that there should be a lot of soul searching, not just among me but among the legacy media to begin with. All of us for how this was covered or not covered sufficiently. 100%. So, I mean, I'm not here to defend coverage that I've already acknowledged I wish I could do differently. Lemme bring Alex in.


Thank you for your patience, Alex. And apologies for that. I think he's fine. I think he's fine. You May not be aware of this. You're not gonna him based on what just happened. But Jake and I are actually friends and this is all said in look, the context of I know what my audience wants to hear asked and Jake has told me before he wanted the opportunity to answer these questions. So Megan, That's what we're doing. Megan, I we didn't come on the show thinking that this was going to be a softball interview. Right. I understand. Like, listen, listen as a, first of all, nobody flagellates Jake Tapper more than Jake Tapper. Okay? Like, I I get it. I understand. I am fallible. I make mistakes.


It's not just the Biden coverage. I mean, I go back and I look at like, I wish I had been covering terrorism more before nine 11. I wish that I had covered the WMD with more skepticism and there's, I, You know, a million things. This is definitely among 'em. And conservative media absolutely has every right to say we were hip to this and the legacy media was not. Now I do not accept that I was part of a coverup. I do not accept that I was just providing cover for Joe Biden. I think a lot of these clips are not fair. The one that is fair is the Laura Trump clip and I own it and I've regret it and I've told her that privately and that's completely fair.


But what we uncovered after the election, what people were willing to tell us after the election was so shocking. And yeah, the Jackie Walorski thing is awful. But I would posit that President Biden not being able to come with, come up with the name for of his national Security advisor in December, 2022, is important information. And I would Also pause it. Now, I'm, I'm not, I'm not arguing that the book has no place for importance. Okay, let, let me ask Alex something. So you may be aware, I, the hard time I've given you on this show is not because of your coverage of the Biden mental decline. I'm, I've given you a hard time over the past couple of weeks because you, you were honored by the White House Correspondence dinner for covering this story, which honestly is like getting the award for being the thinnest kid at Fat Camp.


I mean you, there was literally no competition at the White House Correspondence Association dinner that, that they would even consider, You know, they're not gonna give awards to anybody in the right wing ecosphere who covered this from the beginning with all due respect to you Alex. But when you got up there, you actually got up there and said, we myself included, missed a lot of this story and we bear some responsibility for faith in the media being at such lows. But we, the media did not miss this story, Alex. We did not miss this story. Gonna do that Alex. We were all over this story. We were night and day, day covering this story. The, we Correct the we knew you, we, we knew you hated the we. After he said it, we, we talked about this.


It was insane. It was a, an insane comment to make. Who were you Talking about? We in the room. He was talking about the people in The room. It's not your turn to talk anymore. It's Alex's turn. Turn. Thank thank, thank You. Who was we? Thank you. I can defend myself. No, we were the people in the room. I mean like I was getting, it was a white, it was the wireless correspondence dinner. I was talking to the people in the room that covered Joe Biden Every day. Alright, so here's my follow up. Got it. Here's the follow up. We, we, if that's who we is, did not miss the story. We, I knew this was coming too in that room. Intentionally chose not to cover the story or dig into the story, which is a massive story that we have missed in Original Sin.


Okay, I'm glad you asked me this question 'cause I heard you rip me to shreds the night out the, the Monday after the dinner and at first I was, yeah, I mean what I meant to say was congratulations and yeah, And at first I was defensive but then I was, You know, I thought about it also, You know, from your all perspective, especially at the missed part and like your readers, your readers that were saying, Hey, there's a problem here. Or not, not your readers, but your listeners saying there's a problem here and I'm not seeing it reflected in the media. And, and after the debate happens everyone to be like, oh my God, there's a problem. I'd be pissed too. 'cause you would feel like you weren't listened to.


And that, and I'm sure that a lot of people felt that it was because some reporters let their own personal politics get in the way. And let's be honest, like a lot of newsrooms in DC and New York are more liberal than not. And they, I mean, I'll just say for myself, I think some of them let their own personal politics get in the way. But in terms of the missed part, the reason I said missed is because I think there were a lot of really great reporters on this beat. And I know you may disagree, I know your listeners may disagree, but I was in the White House, You know, every day. And I think a lot of them really do try and do some really great work every single day that sometimes you also use on this show from the New York Times and, and others.


And I felt that basically saying that calling everyone in the room not a good faith reporter, I didn't think was fair. And so I was, I said miss, to sort of give grace for both. Well that that's sweet. I I'm less graceful than you are and less forgiving I noticed. But that's fine. Takes all kinds. Let's go, let's do some substance Okay. Of the book. 'cause we still have some time and I wanna get into it. You guys write in Original Sin out today. The Biden coverup may not be unique, but it is arguably the most consequential. So what do you mean by that? How, how so Alex Well we've seen this before.


Wilson, You know, and Edith Wilson, his wife after a stroke FDR was incredibly sick during the 1944 campaign. You know, we obviously know a little bit more now about JFK and Ronald Reagan. I'd say two reasons. One is, You know, the FDR one wasn't as consequential because he won we book. So you mean amongst health coverups, that's what you mean? Yes, that's what I meant. Okay. I think that's what we meant in the book. Yeah, sorry. Alright, let's keep going. You, you write that you spoke with at least four cabinet secretaries of Joe Biden's and that they said he could not be relied upon to perform at 2:00 AM during an emergency.


So, and here's just a little bit. They Said by end of 2024, the end, by the End of 2024, by the end quoting here from your reporting access dropped off considerably in 2024. And one of the cabinet secretaries, number one you referred to said, I did not interact with him as much. I didn't get an explanation. Instead that cabinet secretary would brief other senior White House aides who then brief the president. Yes, the president is making the decisions, but if the inner circle is shaping them in such a way, is it really a decision? Are they leading him to something said this one ca different cabinet secretary number three, October, 2023, the cabinet was kept at bay with the exceptions of Lloyd Austin and Anthony Blinken. For months we did not have access to him.


There was clearly a deliberate strategy by the White House to have him meet with as few people as possible or as necessary. At one rare meeting during that time, cabinet Secretary three was shocked by how the president was acting. He seemed disoriented and out of it, his mouth a ga all I can think when I see that word, a ga Jake is that debate that you hosted. Yeah, that I just, that that's what it was the whole time. A gap to the point where I, when I was reading, I listened to my news oftentimes on like these apps that will read you the article and the news readers, the AI news readers pronounce that word agape. And all I heard for like, I must have heard 200 times Agape the day after that debate.


So it was a pattern. The se the cabinet of secretaries were saying it, you saw it, we all saw it. And yet what did they tell you behind the scenes about what, if anything they did about it? Well, nothing, I mean that's, that's the thing there is very little in terms of actual action that happened. And one of the reasons for that I think is because by the end of 2023 and then throughout 2024, so many people had been sequestered off from President Biden that there weren't people that had any reliable information about his current condition.


It's actually one of the interesting parts of the post debate coverage. There are people in the White House that the communications effort, communications office of the Biden White House are, are trying to get them to go out and defend the president and say, you, You know, I, he, I just met with him, he's fine, blah blah blah. And they had not seen him in weeks or even months. They could not attest to his fitness. When Ron Klain, the former Biden White House chief of staff is calling around and trying to rally Democrats after the debate to speak about Biden's acuity.


Many of them tell Klain, I haven't seen him in a year or I haven't seen him in a year and a half. Wow. Now Klain Klain interprets that as his successor, Jeff Zions is managing the portfolio poorly and should be doing more to have like, You know, make nice with Congress stuff. But Alex and I interpret that as they are hiding Biden from as many people as they can. So there aren't as many people who have seen him. I actually, Nancy Pelosi as we write about in the book, has a, has a private and secret meeting with Biden after the debate where she's urging him to look at the polling information. And I don't know when the last time she had had a one-on-one with him was because she suggests that after she stepped down as democratic leader after the midterms of 2022, she barely saw him.


And I, this is a theme throughout 2023, especially the last half of 2023 and 2024, how many people didn't have access to him, how many people didn't see him? And that and, and This, this was by design. You write in the book that that Alex I'll bring you in because there was a so-called what you write as about as a poll bureau surrounding him. It was four people plus Biden to make five. Can you tell us who those people were and is the theory then that those are the four people who did know and worked as this as sort of cabal to keep everybody else at arm's length so that they wouldn't also have full knowledge of his deterioration?


That to me, Yeah. Yeah. Okay. So the people that we're naming, who would be Mike Donald, Steve Chetty, McDonald's, his top political advisor, Steve Chetty's, his top legislative advisor, Ron Klain when he was chief of staff, Bruce Reed, his basically longtime policy advisor, you can, those are sort of the four, they were known as Poly burrow, gray hairs, poo bas. And they were with him the most of anybody. Now, if you were to ask them, and I still think even if you put them on truth CRM today, they would say he was fine. You know, I think, I don't know if they're lying or lying to themselves or it, it doesn't matter.


Then there's this other sort of group that aren't the poet bureau but are just as powerful and they were the ones that kept the schedule affected personnel and really built the bubble. And that would be Annie Thomasine, who's Deputy chief of staff and previously Oval Office operations. And then Anthony Bernal who was the top aide slash enforcer for First Lady Jill Biden. And had incredible influence to the point that even people in the Biden White House would refer to her as one of those powerful first ladies in history. You write about this guy Bernal a lot and it's, it you suggest Jake, it was very tough to find anybody with a nice word to say about this guy who is Jill Biden's top person.


Yeah. And he, he acknowledged that he had a tough reputation. He was the chief of staff for Jill Biden and perhaps the most powerful first Lady chief of staff in, in the history of this country. He is somebody that enforced what Joe Biden wanted. And at the end of the day, one of the things that was interesting when, when we wrote this book and researched this book was trying to figure out why was there no discussion of whether or not he should run for reelection, why was it just a foregone conclusion that he was gonna run for reelection, especially after he had made this kind of vague promise that he would be a one term president. And it came down to two people, one of whom spoke for Biden, that's Mike Donald and the other one spoke for First Lady Jill Biden and that's Anthony Bernal.


And basically they communicated to the rest of the staff. Bernal would say, you run for two terms, you surf for two terms, you don't do one. And, and Mike Donald would say, You know, Biden's made the decision he's running. That's it. There's no discussion. And when people would try to raise it, although nobody directly with Joe Biden, but when people would try to raise, You know, Anita Dunn said something like, are we sure this is a good idea? A different pollster was like, shouldn't we figure out if like this is even a good idea, this is the politics of it all. This is not whether or not he should or should not have been president. This is about whether or not he could get reelected, which is a different level here. They would say the decision's been made.


The decision's been made. And, and so there were, there was a small group of people running the train and I think that it's not a star chamber so much 'cause they weren't like, it wasn't like five of them in a room making these decisions. But definitely Rash, Sheddy and Don and definitely Bernal and then different individuals hopping in and out, whether Jen O'Malley, Dillon, who was a deputy chief of staff and then ran the campaign, whether Anita Dunn, whether Ron Klain or Jeff Zions, the chiefs of staff all played different roles. Well how about, can you follow up Jake on what you said earlier because just this week Jake Sullivan, the National Security advisor was out saying, geez, what I saw that debate shocked me, but you have reporting in this book that Jake Sullivan was well aware that Joe Biden was having some serious memory problems going back years In December, 2022 the day that, and her name is escaping me, which is ironic Griner what we're talking Brittany Griner, the, the name, I'm sorry, I'm not a big WNBA fan.


The the time that Briney Griner gets, no one is out that gets out of Russian control. Russian, You know, she was a prisoner in Russia, Biden is outside the Oval Office with and Jake bi, Jake Sullivan, his national security advisor and Kate Bedingfield, his communications director are there And he can't come up with their names. This is December, 2022. He calls Jake, Steve, Steve and then he calls Kate Benfield Press and then he beckons them to come with him. So I don't know, I saw in that same interview that, that Jake said he did, Jake Sullivan said he didn't remember that. I can't attest to what people remember or what they don't, I just know that that happened.


That happened. And you also report Alex, that there was interference run by I think this same Paul bureau, this cabal against the White House residents staffers so that they would not witness what the inner circle was witnessing with his deterioration. Can you fill that out a bit? Yeah, the resident staff were really stunned with how, especially the First Lady's office took over really through Bernal and Annie Tomasini, both of them also Unusual, had resident staff PA passes, which is not normal for AIDS in the White House to be able to go like to and from. They would, You know, just had certain powers to the point that a lot of the resident staff, You know, they felt they were being kept at bay, that they were not trusted and that they often were there just twiddling their thumbs.


They would have to go, they often went home early, they didn't have a lot to do. And there was a feeling among some in the resident staff that this was about hiding his deterioration. And we quote one resident staff, You know, official that said he would just sometimes look at you and I'm paraphrasing, he would just sometimes look at you like he didn't even know you. Even though I was seeing him every day, They would keep somebody out of the elevator. Was the elevator, is the elevator in the White House normally manned because you seem to be reporting that they ejected that person from that post. Yes. They basically said your services will no longer be necessary. And they, again, it was part of this larger pattern of we're we are taking over the residents.


Now your services are needed sometimes, but not as much as they almost always are. But how about Jill Biden, Alex? I mean she was first and foremost a protector and she and loyalty enforcer and she would have tremendous control over, over the schedule, over keeping, You know, that circle very, very close. And I think, You know, even though she would never admit that, You know, that he has any problems, I think by her very actions, you saw it on the view, but privately too, You know, jumping in with answers, trying to help him along, guiding him, introducing, so he remembers who they are, You know, that by her actions shows that she knows that he needs help, that he needs someone to pick up the slack.


Alright, we'll pick it up there. We have to get into the presidential debate and what Jake's reaction was when he had that onstage meltdown. And what is the reaction from these guys to the announcement about Joe Biden's cancer diagnosis on the eve of their pub date? Standby. We'll be right back.


Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement. Oh, joy, every day you wait might make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, the IRS is applying pressure at levels we haven't seen in years. The good news, there's still time for Tax Network USA to help self-employed or a business owner, even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. You may have missed the April 15th deadline, but you haven't run out of options. Let tax network USA help you before the IRS makes the next move.


Alright, Jake, so I have been in the front row of a presidential debate in big moments. Oh, I remember. And I Remember one of the interesting one, one of the interesting things is always like, what's the dynamic between the anchors on the set when You know big news is being made. So walk us through that moment when he completely fell apart with the I killed Medicare and everybody was left with their own agape moment. Does your, I guess presumably your, your viewers and listeners know the agape reference by now. So that f that front row seat was really disturbing. And again, as you say, we have all, we all watched President Biden age, we all watched his gaffes, we all watched these moments that were uncomfortable and obviously representative of, of a decline going on.


But there was something about that debate that was utterly shocking and maybe, maybe you and your listeners were not shocked. Maybe, maybe you thought that this was gonna happen and, and this was all, all, You Know, I think it was one of those shocked but not surprised moments for us. So he comes out And, you know, he's obviously shuffling as had had been going on with him for years because of his degenerative spine. And although by the way, that was another thing that the White House wasn't being honest about. They were saying it had to do with his like breaking his ankle or something in December, 2020 and not wearing the boot or So something and his refusal to wear the, the like foot's cast or not true, not true.


Yeah, it was Another lie. Yeah, not true. So he comes out And he, he has a cold also And he sounds so even his voice, obviously go back and listen to him. And 2020 his voice is much deeper and more and stronger. And then, You know, he comes out, it's, it's, it's thinner, it's readier. He obviously's coughing a lot. But there was something about that moment, My first text to my, my producing team read phlegm and I saw that same word in your book referencing what, what you were thinking. It was phlegmy. He was definitely very phlegmy. So, so it was phlemmy but it was, it, it was a few minutes in, I mean his first answer was not good, but that, You know, that wasn't ultimately particularly surprising. You. I think it was the second answer, the second long answer in that economics block that we did, where he just completely lost his train of thought in such a way that he was like grasping for words.


And look, he has those crutches where he starts wandering off and then he says anyway, because he's lost his train of thought. That's something that we've seen. But this was something else, this was something more shocking. And he said, then he says, we finally beat Medicare. And I, I presumably he was trying to say we finally beat COVID. But it was really shocking. Also interesting at the, at the time was Trump obviously was very Trumpy during the debate. He did his thing. If you like it, you like it. If you don't, you don't. For Trump, given what was going on to his left, he was fairly restrained.


He wasn't really commenting on the self emulation that was going on. I think he only made one comment that night about Biden's incoherence. He said something like, I'm not really sure what he just said. And I'm not sure that he does either. Something like that. I'm paraphrasing, but, but was Shocking. But get to the, get to the text that you sent to your control room and those correspondence between you and Dana. So, so we have iPads 'cause you can't communicate, obviously talking to your control room during a debate. We have iPads where you can write on them and I recommend it if you don't have one. By the way, it's fantastic. And, and I wrote, 'cause I had no idea who was back there, so I tried to keep it clean. I wrote, holy smokes.


Now what I was thinking was, holy fuck. I mean, it was just shocking. But I kept it clean. Wrotes Dana writes to me on a piece of paper, he just lost the election. And I, it was just, I mean it is, I don't think this is hyperbole at all. The worst debate in the history of presidential debates going back to 1960. I just can't think of anything even remotely close to it. And then you saw him immediately after you write in the book And he seemed like unaware that oblivious, oblivious, something extremely problematic had just occurred. Well it's just, first of all, Jill helps him down from the stage. It's like a one, it's a one step stage.


Maybe it was a little distracting 'cause there were weird lights or whatever. But that looked weird too. But they come over to the table. Trump, Trump is long gone. He's probably, he's probably in the air at that point. And he, they come over and they really didn't seem to have any idea that this had been as bad as it was. And it was very awkward. He said something about, sorry about i, sorry about my cold and can you, like, he tried to like say something about how much Trump lies. And then he said something like, I guess, I guess we'll go see what the commentators have to say, or something like that. And he and Jill wander off and it was just, wow. One of these, You know, sometimes you think like, did I just see that was that, did, did I just witness this 90 minute event?


Yes. Yeah. During it also, I'll just, I'll just say, so I'm 56, so I'm now at the age where like, I love sleep. Like sleep is something that when you're a kid you hate it so much, but when you're an adult you're like, I can't get enough of it. And I even thought as this debate started, why are we starting at nine? This is so late. And then when Biden started to thump around, I thought, man, starting this at nine was really a bad idea. Why didn't they ask for like Five? They never shoulda agreed. I mean, never should agreed. Yeah. Following up on an point from earlier, Alex, 'cause we talked about the cabinet secretaries unnamed, and we talked about the poll bureau protecting him and you gave us the names.


There is a suggestion in the book though, it's never written explicitly that President Biden wasn't always making the calls as president. Is that, is that what you're reporting that, that he was not in full command of the decision making for those four years? Well, some members of the cabinet told us that they felt that, and one of them put it to us this way is because What happened is they closed ranks. They had the cabinet members come in and brief senior staff and then they, and then the senior staff would brief the president and one member of the cabinet put it to us this way. Yes, the president is officially making the decision, You know, putting the sign dotted line.


But if the dec, if the decision is framed in a certain way, is it really a decision and are really, they the ones making the decision. And there was a feeling that, that they were, You know, putting their hand on the scale one way or another. And you know, some people also felt that this began, You know, as early as 2021 when, You know, the Biden administration, You know, went pretty far to the left of where Joe Biden had been for a lot of his career. And many people attributed to that, to Ron Klain, who is more progressive being chief of staff. And they felt some people including in the cabinet, felt that if Biden had been 20 years younger, it may have been different.


One cabinet member said, You know, he's an old man, he's got four to six hour good hours a day. And if that's the case, sometimes things are missed, You know, he's not in the weeds as much. Yeah. And so just to, doesn't have to be made by other people. Wait, wait, let me, let me keep going because I I only have you for seven more minutes. I know you got a, you got a date with somebody else. Follow up to you on this Alex. So right before you guys launched your book, as You know on Sunday night, they came out with an announcement that he's suffering from prostate cancer that's metastasized to his bones. We've had multiple doctors come out and say that has to be at least a five to seven year run. Some have acknowledged is a very, very small percentage who could potentially have like, that had prostate cancer that went into the bones, but extremely rare anyway.


What do you make of the timing of that announcement? And do you think it's any accident that it came in between you releasing the her audio tapes and on Axios on Saturday and you guys releasing your book today? Today I can tell you and I wrote in a story with Mark Cap PTO this morning that some people that even worked in the Biden White House are suspicious of the timing and are, they are skeptical of it. I don't want to get into skepticism. I try to just report and not speculate. But I can tell you that, You know, some people that worked for him were felt very strange about the sudden timing of this.


And You know, I'm gonna continue to report it out. It's obviously very sad. And I also think, You know, we framed this book as a, as a tragedy of a man undone. And I think this just further shows that tragic element and also, You know, what, how risky it was for him to run for reelection at such an old age. Is that at all that oh shit moment is, is it all an old shit moment where you're like, oh my God, the whole book is about his health and a cover Up and we miss the fact that he, he's got cancer, he is got terminal cancer. I mean like, like, I don't know. Is that, do you feel like what's your odd, what, what, what are your, what do you think the odds are?


Because your whole book is about how he covers up about his, his health problems. So I mean, I mean you're in an interesting position now as reporters who are continuing to report on politics. Yeah. And whether you give credence to this story that he, he just found out And he didn't know while he was the sitting president. How are you gonna, how do you handle that, Jake? I, I certainly un I certainly understand the skepticism and I think if there's anything this book instructs us as we should be very skeptical and we should also demand more from our leaders when it comes to health records. There is a moment in the book where Senator Debbie Stabenow, a Democratic of Michigan is with, is alone with First Lady Jill Biden.


This is after the debate before but before Biden drops out. And Senator Stabenow says something like, we don't know what's wrong with Joe Biden. We don't know if there's a condition, but you do. And First Lady Biden doesn't answer the question. And then later fumes about the temerity of Senator Stabinow saying that. And I think what we've learned in the last couple days about President Biden's health, and obviously I know all of us wish him the best in his fight against prostate cancer. What I, what I think it gets at is the difficulty of hard reporting and investigative journalism when it comes to health issues, observations and punditry are important and necessary, but the deep investigation of what is going on behind the scenes and what is going on yeah's real in terms of somebody's health.


That is, that is very tough. And as, as we all know, we, we don't have subpoena power. We can't break into doctor's offices. I have no reporting on when he found out about this. All we have, all the world has is their word. And if you believe their word, then you believe their word. And if you don't, you're left with your skepticism. Yeah. There's certainly reason to doubt their word. Question for you, you jagan on the reportage front is do you, what do you do with these cabinet secretaries who didn't tell the truth about Biden's mental acuity, but now have told the truth to you and then they wanna come on your show. Maybe some of them will run for president.


I mean now that You know Right. That they're not on his brokers. Like you actually know. What do you do about that? It's interesting. I guess I'll cross that bridge when I come to it. It has been interesting watching some of the Democrats And you know, who talk to us for the book and what they say publicly versus what they say privately. That has been interesting. Yeah. I saw the one congresswoman who we quote in the book, Susan Wild, former congresswoman from Pennsylvania was out there tweeting something like, fuck Andrew Yang, like, we need to go move forward and focus on Trump and not Biden. And she's quoted in the book during a meeting, a zoom meeting of the, of the ranking Democrats saying something like, Biden can't come to my district And he makes us all out to be liars.


And it's just when it was pointed out to her that her, that what she said according to the book was very different than what she was saying. Now she, at least to her credit, fessed up to it. She didn't deny it. But it is weird watching the dance between people who know how bad it was and are just keeping quiet or trying to change the subject and those who know how bad it was and are lying to the public. It's Interesting. Well, I mean one of them has is Hakeem Jeffries who you point out in the book. He knew he was there when Biden was having one of his many problems and now he's out there like, we're moving forward, we're moving forward.


Chuck Schumer too, like we're moving forward. They knew Chuck Schumer's all over your book with big meetings where he went to Joe Biden, which was previously reported. But a lot of details about him saying, you're not being told the truth. You've gotta get out, you're going to lose, you're gonna bring us all down. And now he's like forward moving forward Anyway, okay, let me keep going 'cause there's two other things I wanna ask you about. Jake. We had, we played a soundbite from Mark Halperin's show where he interviewed a guy named Rufuss Gifford who is the campaign finance chair for Joe Biden's campaign. And he was at the now infamous Clooney fundraiser for Biden in June of 24. And he took issue with your reporting. We played the audience of soundbite.


I won't waste time on it now, but he says it didn't happen what you report Clooney did not walk in there. Sorry, Biden did not walk in there and go sort of through a bunch of people saying, nice to see you, nice to see thanks for being here. Thanks for being here. He said that that was impossible because he got there. He, he was announced by his handler and immediately the handler handler said, You know, George Clooney, You know Julia Roberts. He said, nice to meet and moved on. And he poured cold water on that story of your book Care to Respond. We're pretty confident about the sourcing and the event as described and You know, we just went through as a country years and years of the Biden people lying and denying.


And I'm not particularly interested in pretending any of that is credible. We are very sure of our story. It wasn't just in our book, it was thoroughly fact checked in the New Yorker who did an excerpt of it. And we stand by it and I, I don't really care what Rufuss says. And now do you care what the ladies of the view say? Because that's kind of in your, not your personally, but it's in the left wing ecosphere and they are having a very negative reaction, I'm sorry to tell you, to Original Sin. They don't like your book guys and they don't appreciate that it's being published now. And I wonder if, have they, Have they read it?


Ha have they had you on, have they invited you to come off? No. To discuss it? They have, they have not. They have, they have, we have gone to them any number of times and said we would love to come on the show to discuss. They obviously were where president and First Lady Biden went for their prebuttal of the book. Right. And we thought it would be, it would only be fair to have us on. But the view, and, and for that matter, Fox News seems to enjoy using our scoops, talking about everything we learned in the months of investigative journalism and what we're revealing in this book, but they're declining to have us on to discuss it, which is regrettable because I think this is an important thing for, for people to, to come to terms with when it comes to the view or to explore in terms of the depth of what we, Alex and I have been able to find out in terms of Fox News.


I will say that there is clearly a, a, a contingent of people on the left who wanna bury their head in the sand on this issue and pretend it didn't happen and pretend that it's not part of the reason why Donald Trump and the Republicans control the White House and the House and the Senate and why democratic poll numbers are in the toilet. I think that is part of why Democrats are where they are. This this guy gaslighting. There was a comment by David Axel, rod that we should, we should set aside the discussion of your book and the allegations in it because of the diagnosis news. Jake, do you disagree with David Axelrod?


Well, if I didn't I don't think I'd be here. I mean, I think What happened, I'm, I'm pleased to hear you do, I I I think we need to be discussing this. I think obviously we have sympathy for President Biden both in terms of the prostate cancer and in terms of whatever other health issue he is grappling with. And we talked to many neurologists who spent, you talk about how you were on a text chain with your producers the night of the debate. We talked to one of the top neurologists in the, in the world who, You know has, is on a text chain with a number of other top neurologists. And they spent much of 2024 trying to figure out what was wrong with Joe Biden. Whether it's Lewy body dementia or Parkinson's or something Parkinsonian and they don't know then they're not qualified to say from a distance.


But it's a serious question. And the larger issue of transparency and group think questions for the Democratic party and the public and the news media. These are all really important conversations to have. I don't think that our story, I don't think that our book is mean. I think it is just accurate and clear-eyed. And I think this is a conversation the country needs to have. Not just about President Biden. Yeah, but about all presidents. It's like, it's like I tell my kids it is not mean to say something that is true but not necessarily complimentary. I mean, it's not, if it's true and you are not saying it with the intention to hurt somebody, it's not quote mean they're not gonna get away with that. Sorry Alex, you wanted to weigh in.


Go ahead. I actually just wanted to say one more thing about the, the media coverage and this question, which is, You know, Jake, when Jake came to me with this idea, You know, on every beat there are some suck up. There are some people that are lazy, but I never felt that Jake, even if he fell short on the age issue, I never felt he carried the water for the Biden people. Biden people. And I hope your listeners who may be skeptical of Jake at least like give the book a chance. Yes. I don't think we've convinced them that Jake did not run cover for Joe Biden. No, I'm gonna be honest. But I do think we may have convinced them to buy the book, which is the purpose of your visit here. And that's fine. I mean there's a, it's a big media landscape.


They don't have to watch the lead. They, they can take it for what it's worth. I do wanna ask you one question about Naomi Biden before I let you go guys. She weighed in. This is the president's former president's granddaughter. She called it a silly book. She says it's a political fairy smut. It is political fairy smut for the permanent professional chattering class. A bunch of unoriginal uninspired lies written by irresponsible self-promoting journalists out to make a quick buck relying on unnamed anonymous sources pushing a self-serving false narrative. Alex care to take that on. I mean, I think the book very much shows the Biden family is very tight knit and I wasn't surprised to see it.


That being said, I think we stand completely behind our reporting. Alright, and Jake, I'll I'll close with this. You've gotten so much blow back in the days that led up to today, had to hire the crisis PR agent. How are you feeling so far? That's not Alright, whatever. But you've gotten a lot of blow back. So how are you Feeling today? We hired but it worth, I just want, I just wanna co Yeah. Telling the truth is always worth it. We hired Risa Heller because she's a, a political pro and months ago did, well you had PR RH agent three year publisher. Yeah. And, and they're great. But this is a very controversial political book and we felt like it needed the eyes of a smart political team in addition to the great publicists at Penguin.


I Get it. But you're not denying that you've had massive blowback. Are you? I mean, you've been under attack for days now. Of course. Oh, the left and the right are mad. Exactly. The left is like why, why are you covering, why are you covering this that you should be covering Trump? Your book is full of lies and the right is, is doing what you illustrated earlier with your tough questions. I I will say this, people were shocked on June 27th, 2024 because there was to a degree, a coverup of how bad his decline had been. So even if and not, if even though many folks including you were covering this, it's still was shocking what people saw.


It was on June 27th. And the only other point I'll say is I, I'm not disagreeing with the fact that conservatives were right on this and that people in the legacy media, including myself, should have been paying closer attention and more attention. I, I'm, I'm granting all of that. But the reason why I think there is interest in this book is because people want to know more beyond what they saw in front of the camera. They want to know how this happened. And I think that is what we provide through this deeply sourced unflinching account of what really went on behind the scenes. I, I gotta steal one more minute because I just wanna explain to the audience, Jake, how Jake Tapper and Megyn Kelly became friends because it's a very unlikely friendship in the eyes of a lot of people.


But we've both been in media for a long time. We were at Fox and CNN together, we were friends even before you went to CNNI remember texting with you about the decision when you were leaving a BC. Where, where would you go? What did you wanna do? We've bonded over news and its insanity. We've bonded over the Philadelphia Eagles and your shared love with my husband Doug of that very complicated football team. And I just, I want people to understand like notwithstanding that we have political differences and we have differences in the way we see news stories. Like there's still room for mutual respect and kindness and friendship. And I, I think that's to our credit, I consider you a friend.


I don't necessarily agree with everything you do or say, but that doesn't really matter. And I think it's interesting what you've done and and impressive what you've built since that, You know, we, You know what I think about What happened to you at NBC, it's flattering to you, not to them, but yeah. And look, I mean one of the things that you've said to me or said about me is that I might not always succeed, but I try to be fair and I'm trying to be fair and I am not infallible. And I have said I wish I had covered things differently. There's a million things I wish I'd covered differently. This is obviously significant, more significant. I wrote a book about it with Alex.


I mean like, I think this is a big deal, but this book isn't me trying to do anything other than What happened. We need to know What happened. And if somebody had written this book, I would've bought it and I would've interviewed them, but they hadn't. And Alex and I got to work knowing that there would be a huge blowback both from the right and from the left. And it was just important for us to tell the story of What happened. Well listen, I appreciate it 'cause I did learn a lot and I did find the debate absolutely shocking though, as I say, not entirely surprising, right? It's like the extent to which he had deteriorated was shocking.


And by the way, before you go, thank you for all you do for our veterans as well guys. Good luck with it. I'm sure it's gonna be a big success. It is called Original Sin President Biden's Decline. It's cover Up and his disastrous choice to run again. And it is available right now. All the best to you both. Thanks Megan, appreciate it. Thanks.