
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Well, here we are one day before the final voters head to the polls and regardless of the outcome at this point, we can say one thing with certainty, complete certainty. There has never been and probably never will be. A campaign quite like 2024 from one candidate surviving, not one but two assassination attempts to another being forced out in what looked very much like a coup.


And Democrats installing his replacement without a single voter in their party weighing in. Take a deep breath. 'cause this week is gonna be one hell of a ride it whatever happens, even if we know the result tomorrow night, it won't be over tomorrow night. Both sides will likely engage. In lawfare. It will look very different. The Democrats, if Trump wins, will likely say he's illegitimate, he's an insurrectionist, he cannot be installed. They will push for faithless, electors and the Republicans will likely have legal challenges akin to what we saw in 2020, and we'll see whether they have the fodder for it.


This is it. Neither side I predict will go quietly into the night unless it is an absolute blowout tonight. And even then, even then, especially on the Dem side, we're thrilled to have you along with us for what will be history in the making. Every day the rhetoric gets more and more divisive. There's panic with some people willing to say or do anything if they think it will help their side win. And there's so much uncertainty, which explains why so many people are preparing for what may come next.


Imagine the possibilities if this descends into chaos. All of this could impact things that we take for granted. Right now, you can get ready with a three month emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply. It comes with delicious foods like creamy stroganoff, honey, wheat bread and mushroom rice peel off the entire kit offers over 2000 calories every day. This food kit lasts up to 25 years. Who knows what our country will look like then? Go to prepare with megan.com right now to order your three month emergency food kit from my Patriot Supply. That's prepare with megan.com.


First though, I wanna tell you about what's happening tonight and then a quick programming note for tomorrow. Tonight we have something big happening and we are going to do something that we've never done before. Over the weekend we got an invitation that we never really expected to get and that was from Team Trump to show up tonight in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and for yours truly to make some remarks on the president's behalf or really more accurately just to explain why I'm voting for him. And I said yes.


So tonight after the show I'll be headed to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, where I will appear with Trump at his last Pennsylvania rally before the vote. And I will proudly explain to that audience and beyond why I think it's absolutely essential that he win this election and that we not put Kamala Harris into the Oval Office as our president. I have all sorts of reasons that won't come as any sort of a surprise to the people listening to this show and I'm gonna go through some of that in more detail right now with you tonight. I'll only be speaking for a short time, but this is my show so I have a longer time.


And I really give a lot of thought to this And I just thought what the media has done to Trump is so disgusting and dishonest and corrupt. They won't come out and tell you that they're Kamala Harris supporters, but they all are. They wanna cloak themselves in the sanctimony of being objective journalists when we all know that they're as biased as they come. They just won't be honest about it. So this election, for the first time ever, I told the audience who I'm voting for, I've explained in bits and pieces why today I'll explain more fully and tonight I'll say it to the people in Pennsylvania the most, or at least one of the most critical swing states of all.


And in particular I hope women will listen to me, the women young and old who are reportedly registering in big numbers right now, especially on the dem side, I believe because a lot of them believe the lies they're being told about abortion, the lies they're being told about what Kamala Harris is gonna do for you on abortion. We went over this on our show on Friday. If you missed it, you should go back and listen 'cause it was forth more full throated. I'll touch on it just a bit today. So we'll let You know how that goes tomorrow and wish me luck tonight and wish Trump luck. More importantly, tomorrow night we are gonna be joined right here for live coverage of the election results as they come in.


More than 20 of your favorites on the MK show will be joining us plus special guests live right here on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one 11 and also@youtube.com slash Megan Kelly. We're live in both places beginning at 8:00 PM as we cover all the election news, the results with instant analysis and reaction. Okay, so I wanna get to the other thing that happened over the weekend. Not, not only did I get that very interesting invitation, but we got the most bizarre submissions on electoral polling that I remember seeing since I got into covering politics.


Bizarre, I mean like diametrically opposed polling from very respected pollsters on the same states and the same groups in their final election polls. I mean it was just, it's a lot to take in. So we're gonna break it down for you. First we're gonna take on that shocker of a poll out of Iowa. The Des Moines Register poll has long been considered the gold standard of polling. In June when President Biden was still in the race, it found Trump running away with this race ahead by 18 points in that state, which is red by September with Vice President Kamala Harris, a topped the democratic ticket. Trump's lead was just four points. Now that poll has Herod Harris ahead by three.


Okay, so we've gone from Trump ahead by four to Harris leading in a red state. If you believe this poll by three, that's a 21 point swing from June. It's a seven point swing from just a couple months ago, but it remains within the margin of error. Nevertheless, the poll sent shockwaves through political circles. For the record, Mr. Trump won Iowa in both 16 and 20 and his team is saying this is complete bs. The Iowa pollster does not reveal her cross tabs. It's a lot of behind the black curtain stuff and there is a belief that she has over sampled Democrats In the poll though, she's got a strong record, she's not always right, but she's got a strong record.


Then another Iowa poll over the weekend from our friends over at Emerson, another gold standard has Trump up in Iowa by 10 points. 10 points. So we'll have to wait and see who's right there. Moving onto the battleground states that we've been talking about for months, we're gonna discuss a pair of polls that are also considered among the best. Both came out over the weekend. First the New York Times Sienna poll. According to that poll, there have been some major shifts in the race. Ms. Harris, they say now up over Mr. Trump in Nevada, North Carolina, Wisconsin, and Georgia, but all are within the margin of error. All of them in its prior polling, former President Trump had been leading in every one of those states except Wisconsin.


This poll finds the two candidates are tied in Pennsylvania and in Michigan. In its prior polling, Ms. Harris had been up and Mr. Trump is ahead in Arizona. According to this poll, only by four. This is the only state that is outside the margin of error. The New York Times includes this giant asterisk in its reporting of its own poll. They say white Democrats, Democrats were much more likely to respond to their polling than white Republicans. Meaning this poll could be grossly underestimating Trump's support. Yet again, one would ask why put it out with that kind of an asterisk.


Why would you feel solid about the state of your poll with that kind of an, I mean there's only like two main players in this race and you're telling us that you might be severely underestimating Trump's support. Okay, so why query would you do that? Shifting gears over to the Atlas Intel polling, which was the most accurate pollster last time around four years ago in its latest polling of those exact same battleground states we just went through, former President Trump is ahead in all seven. Can you believe this shit? Is your head ready to explode? Yes, Atlas has Trump up in Nevada, in North Carolina, in Wisconsin, in Georgia, in Pennsylvania, in Michigan and in Arizona.


The race is close in all of those states except Nevada and Arizona where Atlas says he's up by six. All of this is to say polls or polls, there have been dramatic swings. There will be a lot of hand rigging today and tomorrow. The only thing you can do about it is vote if you haven't already and go to sleep tonight knowing no one knows anything about anything. No one knows anything about anything on these polls. Do not believe the polls. Just vote. Okay? Just vote and stop worrying about these horse race numbers, which at this point have very low credibility and when you vote, I urge you to vote for Donald Trump.


I urge you to vote for Donald Trump. I know I have a lot of independents who listen to this show. I have a lot of Republicans too. And I have some Democrats as well. 'cause I hear from you, hear from you all the time in in the mail and we see it in the numbers. And I. I'm begging those of you who are still thinking about voting for Kamala Harris to reconsider. I'm gonna start with why you should not vote for her. What is Kamala Harris going to do as president? We have no idea 'cause she hasn't told us. She's used a lot of empty rhetoric to hide who she really is, which is the most radical leftist senator in the US Senate prior to ascending to the vice presidency. She has disavowed few if any of her almost Marxist or actual Marxist positions.


A few years ago when she was running for president in 2019, she said she wanted to ban fracking. Now she says she won't. A few years ago she wanted to take away your private health insurance and put us all on the government dole. Now she says she doesn't. A few years ago she says she wanted to, said she wanted to ban gas powered cars. Now she says she doesn't though she and her boss have got that in the works already for the mid 2030s positions. She is still on record to this moment as holding like currently include taxpayer funded sex change operations for illegal immigrants and prisoners, a ban on some portion of our red meat offerings, a ban on offshore drilling potentially.


She's tried to walk that back though without explanation. She wants those in the fossil fuel industry to transition out to something else. She wants to eliminate the filibuster to pass the radical green New deal. She wants to eliminate the filibuster to pass an abortion rights bill. Eliminating the filibuster changes the US Senate forevermore. Let me just say, let me just say something okay about the abortion, okay, we talked about it on Friday, but I, I need you to understand this to my pro-choice friends who thinks she's gonna pass a national abortion rights bill, which she is not. She cannot, she is not. I explained it on Friday, but she's not, she can't, let me explain to you the only way that she could possibly do that.


The only possible way the Democrats are about to lose control of the Senate in all likelihood, but let's just say they hold on by You know a vote, a, a, a senator or two to the majority. The only way they can get rid of the filibuster is to say, to vote, we're getting rid of the filibuster and then to change the standard for a vote in the Senate to just 51 votes. Right now you, you can't get a vote on any legislation unless you have 60 and and they neither side ever has 60 and that ensures minority rights in the Senate, which may be annoying when you're in the majority, but you love when your party's in the minority. If they change it to just a 51 vote threshold, even if they limit it to just on abortion rights as she's saying.


What do you think that does? Let's assume that they have the congressional power to actually pass an abortion rights bill, which they don't see my Friday show. They don't, they don't have the constitutional ability to do that in Congress and the presidency and it will be struck down by the US Supreme Court as an excess. This is not a federal matter, it's a state's rights matter. If you care about abortion, vote for a pro-choice governor and pro-choice state legislators, this is not a federal thing, should not affect your presidential vote. But in any event, let's say she cha, she wins, she pushes through an abortion rights bill in the US Congress, including the US Senate by just 51 votes. Let's say somehow they withstand a legal challenge to that bill and and the Supreme Court says, You know what?


You do have the power to do it. Great. You've got your bill and the ROE regime is now established in all 50 states. Okay, great. The Democrats are thrilled. The Republicans are miserable. They can't believe this has happened. We're back to the ROE regime. All the states that have harsher limits now six week bans, done, done, done. We're at the ROE regime where it's determined by viability around 24 weeks before that you can't ban it and and whatever limitations were in place around Roe could stand potentially during the ROE years. What do you think they've just opened the door for? To my pro-choice Friends, what do you think they have just opened the door for that behavior is an acknowledgement that abortion can be regulated at the federal level and that nationwide policy can be set by the party in control with just a 51 vote majority in the Senate.


Do you really think there will be no time in the future in which we have a Republican pro-life president and a Republican majority in the Senate and a Republican majority in the house that might be inclined to pass a nationwide ban? Do you really think that's such an impossibility that you wanna get rid of minority rights in the Senate, which means getting rid of the filibuster? You wanna take that gamble right now the majority of states, states still allow abortion still follow the roe regime. A handful of small deep red states have gone much more restrictive on it and the women in those states will have to make a choice about leaving if this is a big issue for them getting abortion drugs mailed to them or just traveling to another state if they want an abortion.


But the vast majority of women in America will have absolutely no, no trouble procuring an abortion now. But if, if the Democrats including Kamala Harris get rid of the filibuster in the Senate and say they can take a vote on abortion with just 51 votes and managed to pass a national abortion regime, they have opened the door. They have green lit the ability of the Republicans to come back when they're in power and do exactly the opposite. If they take power, the better and correct legally analysis is that the US Congress does not have the power to regulate abortion on a national basis post Dobbs.


It is a state by state matter and that's exactly as it should be. That's exactly where both sides should want it to remain. So her saying she wants to eliminate the filibuster to pass an abortion rights bill is extremely dangerous for both sides. Pay attention. I urge you women who are about to vote on this issue, no one is telling you that I practice law for a decade. Trust me. Trust me on the abortion issue. I have researched this No good will come to you in getting rid of the filibuster and strong arming through an abortion rights federal law.


Moving on. She apparently no longer wants to decriminalize illegal border crossings, but I'm not sure because she really won't say much about it. She certainly hasn't committed to any deportations of the between 10 and 20 million illegals who came in on her watch. She never talks about deportations. She only talks about pathway to citizenship. She wants to cut back on cops. She's made that clear. She said she wanted a mandatory buyback program for guns in America, which would also likely be unconstitutional. You can't say retroactively that something is unlawful that that was lawful just a minute ago. Can't like I have my gun and to and on Monday it's legal and on Tuesday it's illegal and Kamala Harris shows up to collect it now under pressure as she ran in this campaign, she claims she owns a gun.


Yeah, John Wayne's back and she doesn't want a mandatory buyback program, right, because it's illegal, but she does back an assault weapons ban, which would make even certain kinds of semi-automatic handguns illegal. Great. Good luck with that. We have between 300, 400 million of them in the United States. I I look forward to your ban. It's exactly how do you plan on implementing that? She wants public funding of healthcare for illegals. I don't wanna pay for the dental work of the illegals who are killing our children. Maybe it's just me. I don't, I don't want the lure to the other illegals who are thinking about coming here once she reopens our borders, which she absolutely will, now they find out that they can get these government checks to get housing, they can get government checks to get food and they can get government checks to, to get benefits to get healthcare benefits.


Most Americans can barely pay for their own healthcare. Nevermind the healthcare of the people pushing the fentanyl down our college kids' throats. Culturally, she says she wants us to be as woke as possible. Here she is. You know we have to stay woke like everybody needs to be woke and you can talk about if you're the wokes or woke her, but just stay more woke than less woke. Yeah, She's an idiot, but she's a dangerous idiot. She invited men in dresses with beards to the white House.


Remember this, and they come six foot four man in a dress behaving like a school girl with his beard and his mustache, okay? In our White House, she allowed men with fake breasts posing as women to expose those breasts on the White House lawn. Look at this disgrace. She thought this was inclusive. She wants to be inclusive of these sick people at the people's house. She thinks Rachel Levine is a woman and has no problem with him pushing gender transitions on minors even when he's been told as it came out within the past two weeks that the evidence suggests even within the trans medical community that they know these kids can't give informed consent.


Kamala Harris raised money to bail out BLM rioters in Minnesota who hurt civilians and cops. She told Jacob Blake, who threatened cops with a knife that she was proud of him. She is as woke as they come and don't think for one second she has checked that at the White House door. She just hasn't been center stage for these four years. She's a big believer in equity, which means we all have a right to end up in the same place irrespective of how much hard work goes into it or merit goes into it. Listen, So there's a big difference between equality and equity. Equality suggests, oh, everyone should get the same amount.


The problem with that, not everybody's starting out from the same place, so if we're all getting the same amount, but you started out back there, And. I started out over here. Here we can get the same amount, but you still gonna be that far back behind me. It's about giving people the resources and the support they need so that everyone can be on equal footing and then compete on equal footing. Equitable treatment means we all end up at the same place. We all end up at the same place. Your neighbor has a right to your job, your home and your things, even if he doesn't work as hard as you do 'cause of equity.


Got it. That is Kamala Harris's America. I could have shown you 40 soundbites of her saying that it was not a one-off. This is her core belief. It is Marxist and she's not abandoned it. She does not believe in merit because she has not advanced on merit. She transferred into Howard University. It appears she didn't get in. That's my speculation. First try. She got into law school on a diversity crutch. She failed the bar exam. First time out, she got into the San Francisco DA's office and then began an affair with the most powerful man in California politics who was some 40 years her senior.


Sure it was love. He paved the way for her to become da, the top job in the DA's office and there began her real ascension into power. She became vice president because she is a black woman. Joe Biden made that explicit. No one in the Biden White House believed in her. They tried to hide her for four years. She made a fool of herself for four years as VP and even Barack Obama knew it. He was one of the last people to come on board reportedly on Kamala Harris replacing Biden on the ticket because he's smart enough to know she can't do it.


She is a bully who lost more than 92% of her staff, more than 92% of her staff. They left in droves alleging that she was abusive, lazy, would not do the work and then would blame others. This is a report from Microsoft News that embodies some of those facts facing a 92% staff turnover. Vice President Kamala Harris reportedly has a reputation as an alleged sole destroying workplace bully. An analysis from open the books. A political tracking source shows that only four of the 71 staffers hired by Harris during her first year in office remained in the job.


The rest either quitting or being fired. Analysis shows Harris's senate office too had the ninth highest staff turnover rate out of 114. Senators who served between 2017 and 2020 reporting indicates that she would berate those working under her in expletive heavy rants. This is all before she ran for president that they at least this time around, this is before the coup. This is when she was running the first time and they still wanted to report honestly on her because they re recognized she was too radical. I have never seen an organization treated staff so poorly. Kelly Mellen Barker, former state operations director on Cam Kamala Harris's presidential campaign said in a letter shared with the New York Times more from the Daily Mail in June of 2021, Politico citing a political report, spoke to 22 individuals familiar with Harris's VP office, who all claimed that her team was experiencing low morale, porous lines of communication and diminished trust among aides and senior officials.


Quote, it's not a place where people feel supported, but a place where people feel that they are treated like shit. According to one source. A Biden administration official claimed Harris was responsible. Quote, it all starts at the top. This is political. That sentiment was shared by Gil Duran, an ex aide to Harris who worked in her ags office and quit after five months. Quote, what is the common denominator through all of this? He said it's her multiple staffers who worked for Harris before she was vice president, told the Washington Post in December, 2021, how she had reportedly refused to prepare for public appearances and then she would blame her aids when she underperformed. Quote, it's clear with Harris that you're not working with someone who is willing to do the prep and the work said one x aide with Kamala.


You have to put up with a constant amount of soul destroying criticism and also her own lack of confidence. So you are constantly sort of propping up a bully and it's not really clear why in the summer of 2021 reported by CNN Harris was said to have been prepped extensively by her team and how she could respond to questions about why she had not yet visited the southern border, despite her role as White House borders are. When the time came to deliver her answer, Harris blew it in that now infamous interview with NBC's Lester Holt. You remember I've been to the border. You haven't been to the border. And. I haven't been to Europe. Weird laugh.


That's Kamala Harris. When do you hear about that? Now you hear about how Trump's a douche bag, right? He's a complete ass. You hear that all the time. He's Hitler. He is fascist. All that, all of it 'cause of his rhetoric. Nasty rhetoric he says mean things about people. Newsome new scum. Whoa. It's all the horror where, what happened to all the reporting about what a bully jerk she is to the people who are trying to make her look good? What a lazy know nothing do, nothing candidate. This woman has run for president on nothing other than empty words. You've heard them here a million times.


I know you don't need the reminder, but here it is. Having the right to have aspirations and dreams and ambitions. If you have I the dreams and the ambitions and the aspirations of what I believe you do what I know to be the spirit and character of the American people. We have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams. I believe in the ambition, the aspirations, the dreams of the American people. Ambition is a good thing. Yeah. Dream with ambition. Yeah, and we will applaud it.


Ambitions and aspirations and dreams, but not everyone necessarily has access to the resources that can help them fuel those dreams and ambitions. Well, these are meaningless sweet nothings. She's trying to fool you into believing. She's a quote generic Democrat because a generic Democrat is shown in these polls as beating Trump, but she is not. She is a San Francisco liberal who will pull this country even further to the left than it's already been pulled. She will triple down on race, essentialism the trans madness, unnecessary surgeries and scandalous sterilization of minors, exclusion of parents from their kids' schools where they're having soft porn pushed on them in the libraries and in the classrooms.


Not to mention the subjugation of boys and men. She will reopen the southern border. It only closed three months prior. It's not closed, but got more closed three months prior to the election so that Joe Biden could win this election. He didn't realize he'd be outta the race. Why would they go three and a half years without doing anything? Why would they take office and and pass dozens of executive orders, sign dozens of executive orders opening the border and then let it sit there for three and a half years as 10 to 20 million illegals across the southern border. If they actually cared about the border, they only put that stopgap in there so that they could win the election And.


then they will resume their old plan. Why would they do anything else? They tell us they think the open border is humane. Humane. She will let the Trump tax cuts expire. They're about to, and she will not renew them. Your taxes will go up. Oh, she says it's just the rich just you wait. As corporate America sees its taxes skyrocket, you will lose jobs. The inflation pain she and Joe Biden caused will be coupled with the loss of your job and your benefits and God help you. If when you hit the unemployment line you're white or a man or God forbid, both in Kamala Harris', America, you're not even at the back of the line.


If you check those boxes, you, you, you're not in line at all. In fact, you're to blame for all of our problems. It is a modern day form of reparations that she unleashing on American men without owning it. And by the way, her push for reparations is yet another policy position. She refuses to say whether she stands by this person is weak and she's stupid. She's not a smart person and far from a deep thinker. She will get eaten alive by Putin and she, no one will fear us. She cannot make decisions. The 3:00 AM phone call will leave her paralyzed with fear and indecision.


She will fail in her negotiations with our adversaries because she cannot think on her feet. The presidency is not a job you can do for four years with training wheels. At some point you have to make important calls in the moment. You have to think in the moment, you have to be clever. You must outsmart. She couldn't even outsmart the ladies of the view. She is a silly person. Her cackle and unfunny jokes have a deleterious effect on her image and that image cannot be that of our president. People don't respect her as they must, as they must. Our president and and our first female president.


Okay, the the first woman to become the American president must be someone whose intelligence is unassailable, whose facility with a spoken word is something to admire, who can make a point sharply and with ease and with substance without breaking a sweat. We have had female leaders in the world just like this. Kamala Harris is not one of them. Here's one you might remember. I have to establish very clear limits on the role of government and really You know politicians, I think should sometimes just be a little bit more modest about their abilities than they are.


We can't run everything and we shouldn't try. I believe certain things very strongly. I believe that we were going towards a way of life in which people were constantly looking to the state to solve their problems and to do things for them. You know when the state does everything for you. It'll soon take everything from you. You'll then have no basis for personal freedom, political freedom, nor economic freedom. I saw it going much too far. And, I think it would've gone even further had I not won that 1979 election too far ever to pull it back.


That of course, Margaret Thatcher, prime Minister in the UK and someone who even if you hated her politics, you could not challenge her intelligence. They say Kamala Harris will break barriers the first woman president, but her election will set women back decades because she is not a smart person. The first female president must be someone our little girls can actually look up to. It must be someone who neither side can question when it comes to her credentials and her ability to do the job. Otherwise, there won't be another one for years. Her incompetence will be chalked up to the fact that she is female.


This is about to set us back, not push us forward. Someone should break this barrier and that person should not and cannot be this person. On the other hand, there's Donald Trump. He's not without his flaws and everyone knows that. But the reasons that this thing is even close between the two of them are twofold. Trump's personality. Yes, and abortion. I already made clear the abortion thing this Friday show and what I just discussed above. You get it? Do not vote for the presidency based on abortion politics.


Let me put it to you this way. Let me sum it up for you this way. When Dobbs was decided in June of 2022, Biden and Harris were in office. They were in the White House. The Democrats controlled the Senate and the House. They had full control. If Dobbs could be effectively overruled by federal legislation, why didn't they do it? Don't you think they would've done it if they could have? They didn't do it. They knew at some level this would be struck down. They don't have those powers. They knew also that they didn't have the votes. They did not get rid of the filibuster. At that point, Joe Manchin was there.


Kirsten Sinema was there who did not appear too keen on getting rid of minority rights in the Senate. But it didn't happen, and it can happen. It's not going to happen. For all the reasons that I've outlined, don't vote for president based on anything having to do with abortion. This is a state's rights issue now, but the President can do a lot outside of the abortion field. The President has a lot of responsibilities that may and will directly affect your life. Before I get to that, a word on Trump's personality. I know I get it. Okay, I get it.


He can be crass at times. He goes after his enemies with a particular flare. But he is strong in the best sense too. He's strong in his language and he's strong, period. He has to be. Who in modern day America has had more thrown at them than Donald Trump? A vile media that lies about him at every turn. Calling him Hitler, a Nazi, a fascist gals smearing his family, four criminal prosecutions, multiple civil suits that could cost him his business. Some courtesy of the Biden Harris, DOJ, which they had go after their chief political rival and then have the nerve to look at all of you and say he's gonna do that to us.


I mean, the absolute gall, the phony Russian collusion hoax. They stole his first term with that wild goose chase. Based on the Clinton campaigns, baseless lies two impeachments assassination attempts, including one that killed a beloved supporter. They call him Hitler on magazine covers. And in so-called mainstream news like it's You know a fact, a verifiable fact. They call him a fascist. They call him a sexual predator. They call him a corporate fraudster, a monster. And none of that gets called out as crass or too much just Trump's words fighting back.


That's the only problem. If you ask the media that's leading people to believe he is all these things. How can we look at him and fairly say, well, he doesn't sound like all the others. I don't like the way he sound. He doesn't sound like MIT Romney. He's not treated like all the others. If he can sometimes come across as crass or cutting, it is truly because he has to be. He's constantly facing the most vicious of attacks possible. He's a New Yorker. He grew up in the cutthroat construction industry, which is bare knuckled. This is how he fights and how he wins.


Yes, for himself and also for us. Haven't we had enough of weak American presidents from the Barack Obama apology tour to the Joe Biden foreign policy Fecklessness to Kamala Harris's empty headed word salads. We are projecting weakness to all of our adversaries and weakness is provocative. Just ask Vladimir Putin. We need someone strong to represent us, to fight for us. Not someone who reads scripted lines and memorize soundbites and refuses to say anything other than I'm from a middle class family. And I, eat no for breakfast.


The same guy who says Adam Schiff is the enemy from within, is the guy who had the guts to stand by Brett Kavanaugh when vicious leftists tried to ruin this honorable and decent man. The same guy who has the insult comic show up at the MSG rally is the guy who dismantled all of the TEI programs in the federal government who restored due process rights for men on college campuses who passed the anti-sex trafficking law. And who said in one famous debate, I really think we've gotten two politically correct in this country. He's really not into the word policing. Sometimes it leads to a blow up for him, but I think net net the country agrees with him.


He's the guy who pushed the leader of Montenegro outta the way when he was standing in front of the US president. He's the guy who bombed Soleimani. He's the guy who threatened the Taliban leader that he knew where he lived, who told the generals, I don't wanna hear from you anymore. Bring in the enlisted guys so I can hear from them. He's strong. He's a leader. He's decisive and he's unafraid. He's a patriot. He loves America. Notwithstanding what they tell you, he's funny, he's entertaining. He wants us to laugh with him. He wants us to laugh at him. He doesn't take himself too seriously.


Who that did would put on that McDonald's outfit and serve the fries or do the garbage truck thing. But he takes our safety very seriously. He will close the border. He will keep boys outta girls sports. That can be done with Title ix. He will be tough on crime. He can't handle all of it because crime is generally handled at the local level. But he will rail against the local election of soft on crime das and make sure at the federal level that our enforcement priorities are straight. He may get to appoint another Supreme Court justice if a justice retires or God forbid dies. And the courts have been the last vestige of fighting the leftist excess from affirmative action in universities to forced speech among private citizens.


All of this is un-American. This court has stood up time and time again for beloved treasured American principles like non-discrimination. Even if the group being discriminated against is white and American's free speech rights, which include no mandated speech, you cannot make me say I support anything whether it's BLM or someone's pronouns. This court has stricken a blow to the administrative state, the deep state cutting the power significantly of unelected bureaucrats and so much more who's on that high court And the lower federal courts matters a lot.


There will be hundreds of appointments coming over the next four years, and it's the one area in which a conservative or a Republican's legacy can continue to reign even when he or she's out of office. The economy remains the number one sometimes two issue for virtually all Americans. Trump's economy was soaring. He did use tariffs, but the left is now telling you will tax America to its eyeballs. If they were so bad, why did Biden leave them in place? Trump cut taxes, yes, for the billionaires, but a far greater percentage cut for the lower. And the working in the middle class is far greater. Percentages cut of their taxes.


Joblessness was next to nothing. Inflation was next to nothing. The stock market saw all time highs. Our 4 0 1 ks went up, regulations were cut, businesses thrived and hired and promoted and gave raises. The economy grew at some 2.5% greater than under Obama, who's now claiming he's to thank for Trump's great numbers. Trump grew manufacturing jobs by 400,000. A promise kept to the working class. Men and women forgotten by Obama and his cronies, median household hold, incomes grew and inequality diminished according to the Wall Street Journal, which tracked it. And the poverty rate among black Americans fell below 20% for the first time since World War ii.


You know the racist Trump, he made the unemployment rate for blacks go under 6% for the first time in 50 years. It's a strange way to be a white nationalist. Strange policies, aren't they? The media lies about Trump like nothing we've ever seen before. They've, they've gone all in. And the messaging these past few weeks has been truly disheartening, even for me, who is extremely jaded over their performance to begin with. You can't believe anything they tell you. I mean, we've, we've truly gotten to the point where you can't believe anything they tell you.


Barack Obama was out on the stump this weekend repeating the very fine people on both sides lies. He, he actually tried to peal that lie. It's been fact checked by Snopes, a left wing organization. I mean, just, just listen to Trump. You know. Just listen to the original soundbite and you will hear Trump make very, very clear that he didn't say that, that he was specifically condemning the, the white nationalists appearing at that Charlottesville rally. But they continue to pedal these lies because they know very few will fact check them.


All of this is why I am going to support Donald Trump tonight and have supported him in this election with my vote and why I said yes to the invitation. Because what we've gotten is a mountain of lies from these dishonest brokers in the media who go out there and try to claim that they're objective and nonpartisan and spew nonsense, nonsense about her and him. There's very little fact checking and there are very few honest brokers left. And so the American popula goes to the votes, the voting booths tomorrow with one arm tied behind their back.


They actually don't know the truth. I, people I know and love who pay fairly close attention to politics still don't know all of the lies smart people because of course, I get it. You're out there living your life. You're not reading news eight to 10 hours a day. Why should you have to? You're not working tirelessly to fact check these people. There's just a level of feeling overwhelmed. Like I can't You know. I'm just gonna go on gut instinct. But if I can do anything to set the record straight on what we're actually looking at here, I'm going to do it. And. I hope that you will not only vote tomorrow, but if you are in one of the critical swing states, you will take five friends and get them to the polls.


Make sure, make sure they're voting for Trump, and then get them to the polls because this thing is tight. I do not believe that it's a runaway either way for her or for him right now. I just, I don't believe that. I think the polls really would show us that. And even even Atlas is not showing You know a runaway. It's tight. Every person's gotta get out to vote right now. What we're seeing is those low propensity male voters who trump's reelection or election is depending on, are spending more time than we'd like on the couch. But they do need to get up. The women are out voting you, they're getting to the polls and if you don't get up and grab your buddies and get to the polls, she'll become the president.


And then what are you gonna do? Then what are you gonna do? It's too late after Tuesday. Get to the polls and women who wanna support themselves, their children and their husbands, you get to the polls too. And remember what I said about abortion and Trump's rhetoric. Please remember what I said. Trust me. I'm telling you the truth. I'm in the business of truth. Vote according to your conscience in your heart and understand this really is a before and after moment for America. The polls are tight, the election's tight. We don't know how it's gonna land, but we still can control it.


Okay, so that's my overview of the 2024 race as it now stands. It's a little scary, right? I heard somebody say on the dem side, I read, I think it was in the New York Times, that some Democrats are feeling nauseousness optimistic. I think that describes how I've heard the Republicans describe their feelings as well. Nauseous, optimistic. I've spoken with people deep in team Trump who feel very confident. They recognize it's tight, but they absolutely reject things like that. Ann Seltzer, Des Moines register poll in Iowa as absolute nonsense. And they're showing good numbers. I mean, there's certainly good numbers coming out of states like Nevada on the early vote.


There are more Republicans registered in the United States of America than there are Democrats. We've had more for the first time in years. More Republicans are in the country than our Democrats now. Will they all vote for Trump? No, but he's in a much better position than he was even four years ago. Given these voter registration numbers and Republicans are leaning into early voting, which is helpful, those votes are banked. But that doesn't alleviate the obligation on day of. And also, frankly, the obligation to watch the polls and make sure that this thing is handled with integrity and without cheating. And I know team Trump is dispatching many poll watchers and has been working on many over the past four years to try to shore up what they believe are serious in integrity problems.


And he is got the help of some, some governors like in a state like Florida, like in a state like Virginia. Okay, up next, Steve Bannon is here and we're gonna get his take on where this thing stands tomorrow. We are also going to bring you not only what happened tonight at the rally, but take your calls and answer questions from listeners and viewers during our live show tomorrow afternoon before the live coverage begins on this program at 8:00 PM Eastern time. So you can send your questions now to Megan, MEY n@mekelly.com. And you can call me tomorrow at eight three three four four M-E-G-Y-N. That's 8 3 3 4 4 6 3 4 9 6.


Don't go away, Steve Bannon is next.


The holiday season is here and things are busier than ever. If your business relies on mailing or shipping stamps.com is a must have. With stamps.com, you can print postage online, saving valuable time to focus on what matters most. Running your business smoothly. stamps.com is more than just a shipping solution for small businesses. It's a reliable partner for organizations of all sizes managing all your mailing and shipping needs For one platform, think of stamps.com as your 24 7 post office. Avoid the holiday traffic jams by handling all your shipping from your computer or phone anytime, anywhere. And they offer discounts you won't find anywhere. Up to 89% off USPS and UPS rates stock up on everything you need from labels to shipping supplies right from their supply store, more holiday, less hustle free up more time with stamps.com. Sign up@stamps.com and enter code MK for a special offer that includes a four week trial plus postage, that's free and a free digital scale. No long-term commitments or contracts. That's stamps.com code mk.


Joining me now, Steve Bannon. He's the host of War Room, which you can watch on real America's voice, rumble X and all podcast platforms. He's also a former chief strategist for President Trump. Steve, welcome back to the show and welcome back to Civilization from your stint in the pokey. Well done. I heard your reaction that it only made you stronger and more determined to fight You know the last contact with the outside world. I had besides my, besides my little press conference, there was doing your show. I did your show and then went into prison the next day, I think the day after. Wow. So it was, it was a interesting experience. Very interesting experience. Very, I I cherished the experience.


You did, you cherish why? Well, at 70 years old, you don't get the opportunity to really challenge yourself or to be in a totally different environment. I mean, look, it's a federal prison. It wasn't a camp. It's a, it's a dangerous place. There's a lot of dangerous people there, but there are also some good people. So I had a very intense experience over four months. And I learned a lot. I just observed, watched and learned and learned so much and quite frankly understood six weeks into their how and why Kamala Harris was gonna lose. So it was for, on the political side, it was a, it was a real awakening for me in certain, certain areas. Interesting. What, what do you mean?


Well, you see in this early voting, you see the problem, let's take Pennsylvania for a second. African American men and Hispanic men are not voting for Kamala Harris. Five or six weeks. As I started to teach, I started to teach civics and government to the, to the inmates in the education department at Danbury. It was very evident because she is, well, they refer to her as the queen of mass incarcerations. And President Trump came with this first step back, which really would incentivize nonviolent drug dealers, which are, you have a lot of Hispanic and young African American men there to get into that system and to try to better themselves have a flawless record in prison and they can cut their sentences up to half. You know, she hasn't You know the Biden regime hasn't, hasn't really implemented any of it.


Almost none of it. And they see her as not deporting the really hardened criminal drug dealers coming in from the cartels and that they're actually starting to show up in prisons now. And they're very violent and very dangerous. So the prison are starting to get those guys yet the First step act, which President Trump did it. And the reason that Kamala Harris and Biden are not doing it, and the, and the inmates know that it's a political win for Trump. It's a huge win. So I found out why I was there, not that these guys are gonna vote for Trump. I think up to 30%, maybe African American men, maybe 50% Hispanic would actually vote for Trump. But she's not gonna get an African American male or Hispanic vote.


You see the numbers coming outta Pennsylvania where it's in free fall think the same in Wisconsin and Michigan. So she has a massive problem with their coalition that I was able to really learn about and and really understand. You know between the job You know they blamed them for the illegal alien invasion. And particularly in the cities where jobs, the wages have come down because what they tried to do from the Federal Reserve and the Biden regime, this is what they did. This is why Wall Street loves it. Wall Street doesn't want one person deport it, not one. And I'd learned that in this prison from young, black and Hispanic inmates. And it's all played out. That's what, and 20, the only statement I put out 26 September, I put out a pretty long statement, said victories at hand.


And I walked through the politics of joy to her, pivot to the You know nightfall in America with fascism wasn't gonna work. But that the mass incarcerations that black men are not gonna vote for. Hispanic men are not gonna vote for her. And if they don't vote for her, she's not gonna be president of the United States. There's not enough Taylor Swift, they don't have to vote For Trump Swift, But if they don't come out and they, they lower her percentage of the black vote, it, this is, it hurts just as badly. This Is key. If, if, if they vote for Trump, it's, it's a two bagger. If they just don't vote for her and one bag, it's, it's it's killer. There's not enough swifties out there to make that up. And I think this is gonna play out. If we are to win this, I think it's gonna be one of the biggest elements of it.


Okay, so back up and explain what you mean when you say you see those numbers coming outta Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, And I. Think you may have said Georgia, like what are you seeing specifically? 'cause most of us are, have not been following the data as closely as you. Well, it You know it was to build a firewall. Let's say that they had one point, I think 1.7 million early votes or 1.5 million early votes in 2020. They have like 700,800. Th there's 700,000 short of where they were in 2020. They haven't built a firewall. The gap, the, the, the starting gap, we in the whole is only 300,000 votes. Three 50,000 votes was over 1,000,001 in 2020. Those 700,000 votes.


And let me, let me be very Specific about this. Where, can, can you say where, and do you, do you just mean the black vote or In, in in the co JJ no, no, no. In the whole commonwealth of Pennsylvania right now, if you look at the data, if you look at the data, they are You know they, they've, they've had 700,000 fewer early votes than they had before. And these were low propensity voters that voted because of the pandemic. Now remember in 2020, that number was always, I, I felt fishy because throughout the country we picked up 15 house seats. In 2020, we picked up 15 house seats against Nancy Pelosi. We netted 12 'cause we lost a couple. We we won 15 house seats.


You're telling me that Biden got 81 million votes where Obama just got 60. So it's 15 million more votes than Obama. And we picked up 15 house seats. It just always seemed fishy. In 22. The house in, in winning the house, let's leave that aside. The individuals, if you look at the, the popular vote, we won the popular vote Republicans by five or 6 million votes for the house. Those low propensity voters didn't show up. And they said, well, Steve, they only hate, they won't vote for house races. They only hate Trump. They only show up in this, in Pennsylvania there's 750 or 800,000 votes short of where they were in 2020.


It's the same crowd. It's this low propensity voter, and they're not gonna show up on Tuesday. They vote. These guys are low propensity, they vote early, and quite frankly, they've missed the last, they missed 22 and they're gonna miss now. And they missed early voting. So, and if you look in the, in the, if you go into the depth of that, I think it's 80,000 mails in, in Philadelphia area. Black men have not, have not voted who would normally have voted. They're, they've not voted. So the numbers in the, in the, that's why she's going back to Philadelphia, right? Her numbers coming outta here are horrific. She has done better with women, she has done better with suburban women. She's done better with the credential class, college educated woman.


But their basic coalition's not coming together. That's why. And tomorrow we have to represent, but here's what we know on the eve of battle. They do not have a firewall anywhere. They don't have a firewall in North Carolina. There's no firewall in Pennsylvania. There's no firewall in Nevada. There's no firewall in Arizona. In fact, there's a reverse in some of these. They have no firewalls. So this is hand to hand combat tomorrow in delivering game day voters. This is why she's going back and forth between Wisconsin and, and, and, and in Pennsylvania. And in Pennsylvania. She's going to Allentown, which is a Hispanic majority town. She's going to Philadelphia. She's going back to core constituencies, not try to expand, to try to get the coalition together.


That's not what Trump's doing right now. So I think, look, it's all about delivery tomorrow, but the early vote numbers are catastrophic. Part of this, Megan, which they don't talk about, is what the, the architecture of the electorate is very different today than it was in, in 2020 or even 2016. The, the, the voter registration of people like Scott Presler and all of these small grassroots groups that had no money in no support have really dramatically changed what is the architecture of the electorate that will be there tomorrow. It's much more heavily weighted Republican. And those people that register, although they're low propensity because they just register, they're going to vote and they ain't gonna vote for Nikki Haley's candidate You know Kamala Harris or Liz Cheney's candidate Kamala Harris.


They're gonna vote for Donald Trump. Now the thing that's making a lot of people nervous on the right, two things. The Iowa Poll by Ann Seltzer, Des Moines, Des Moines Register, and secondly this news out of Pennsylvania, citing here from NBC, that they've had a ton of new registered voters who are Democrat winner women, I should say Democrat women Democrats, 55,000 total new voters Republicans, 32,500 total new voters. So they're saying that the Democrat women are outpacing all the other voting groups in terms of their new registered voters who have filed early vote.


I think so. They're You know, they're feeling very confident about Pennsylvania because of that. And I think a lot of Republicans are worried about that. You saw Charlie Kirk tweet out, if these guys stay on their couches, she's gonna win. Get out, get to the polls. If you don't want Kamala Harris as the president get out and he And I think he was specifically talking about Pennsylvania. So can you address first Pennsylvania and then we'll talk about that Iowa poll. Yeah. I'm, look, look, if we don't, on the eve of this, we've perfectly positioned this. If you get out and your force multiplier, not just you have to own your own vote, but you also have to bring the people You know the 10 in your circle, or you have to go and help Canvas today.


Today's still the most active day for political work in between interviews. I'm, I'm giving motivational talks to, to people all day long. You have to do that. This is all in play. We have no guarantees of anything here. And yes, they have towards the end, signed up, signed up women, and you have to assume this, the female is an anti patriarchy, anti-Trump vote. And they've done a solid job on that. Now, some of their, some of the patriarchs, the patriarchy inside their own coalition is not showing up for 'em. But that means tomorrow you have to represent you and you have to be a force multiplier. It's all in the field. And my concern has been from the beginning, the complacency, potential complacency.


What do I mean by that? In 2016, you could argue that Hillary Clinton lost as much as we won. 'cause as You know, you remember we, and you remember the exit polls where we were losing, we snuck up on them every day. They were blowing me up on morning, Joe, why is he spending time in Wisconsin and Michigan? And Pennsylvania's not gonna win these. You gotta win Ohio and these other states and, and just to get it close, we Can I tell you something Steve? We saw something. Can I say something? Yeah. Yes. I gotta tell you something. It's a crazy story. So on election night in 2016, we sat down as the anchors and producers and the behind the scenes teams with the decision desk people, arn in Michigan, and all those guys who ran the decision desk for Fox as we did on every election cycle.


We had done it in 2012, we'd done it in 2 0 0 8 and all the midterms we do. So we sat down in 2016 and it's five o'clock at night. When you have this meeting, they've just gotten the first big round of exit poll data where their people have been in a locked box pouring through it all day. They're not allowed to communicate outside of their lockbox. And finally they're released and they can go home to their news organizations tell and tell you how things look. And it's a fun moment because as the news anchor, you get your first You know secret looksie into how the vote is looking. And then you go out in the air and you're not allowed to say what you've been told. But with a wink and a nod, you can kind of suggest to the audience how things are looking. It's not until the actual vote starts coming in and the polls close that you are allowed to speak about what, what You know.


But I will never forget Steve at five o'clock in that meeting with Fox News in 2016, Arnon Michigan said, it's gonna be a very good night for Hillary Clinton. And all the data they had gotten so far was super pro Hillary and You know what did I know? I listening to Arnon, he knows a lot more about it than I did. And so when we went out in the air that night, we 100% had been led to believe this was gonna be yeah, her night. So you are right. He did sneak up and take it. Hey, hey, hang on. It gets worse. So at five o'clock we get leaked from one of the news sources. And You know we, I've been telling Trump 100% medical physical surgery.


We're gonna get this. We got spin on the north thing, ma'am, we're we are, I think up by two points in Ohio or even in Ohio, up by two points in Iowa. We're getting blown out everywhere. It's almost a three 50 to 400 electoral vote. Landslide, And, I. Look at Jared. We're standing on the, on, on, on a balcony, freezing with the wind. And then we look And, I go. I said, could we have screwed this? Are we this far off with that thing? And and Jared goes, hang on a second. He says, let me call Drudge. And so we called Dr. And Drudge at that time was Ally. We called Drudge and we were on the blower. And we go, and Drudge had just seen him too. And he goes, screw this. This is corporate media, this is all gun deck. They don't know Trump. It's all a lie. Don't worry about it. So we called then candidate Trump and and we told him, we said, Hey, look, You know Drudge says this, the bang You know, we think we got this, our numbers, we can pull this off.


And he said, Hey look, we left everything on the field and let's just power through it. But I gotta tell you, Megan, at five o'clock at night, when they give us those exit polls, first off she was gonna be named president at nine o'clock at night. It was a, it was a short night and we were getting blown out everywhere. But it shows you, and this is even for tomorrow, it's about people showing up. Obviously people were intimidated. Didn't wanna say they voted for Trump to the, to the exit poll guys. 'cause they're very good. That's what I'm thinking now is that you've got to play that. You gotta just, you gotta go through the tape. What happened is Robbie Mooch and the people in Brooklyn, as you remember, were very arrogant. They never sent her to Wisconsin. That's right. She never really went to Michigan. They said to Detroit, they just had this arrogance that they were trying to go to Arizona and Georgia expanded.


They wanted to get 350 or 400 electoral votes to give her a mandate. They dismissed us. They didn't take it seriously and they didn't see where the country was. And I think the only thing I've got is people that are, oh, we're gonna win the popular vote. We're gonna win Virginia and New Mexico. We're adult New Hampshire. Hey, that's all fine. But the game is two 70. Okay, it's not popular vote. Let's just get me to two 70. Let's have a path that gets us there. We're focused on that. We, everywhere we go is focused on that. We must win this and we gotta hold the house. We have to hold the house. I'm glad we're gonna take the Senate, but we have to hold the house. We have to win the presidency at two 70. Anything above it, no matter if we get to 300 or close to three, which I think we might be able to, if we deliver, they're never gonna say we have a mandate.


Right? So you're not gonna get this theoretical like Trump never had a honeymoon. We're not gonna get a mandate. So to me, tomorrow is the little guy turning out. There's no meme, there's no advertising, there's no billionaire, there's, there's no Doce x Mackinac. It's just on the MAGA movement to deliver this tomorrow. Hmm. You mentioned Drudge. Is Drudge still drudge? Do we know, does Drudge still own the Drudge? Is it still Matt Drudge? It's so leftist now. Well not just leftist. It's leftist. It's been a while. But he turned But just go there. Just look, it's not, I mean, Drudge was a palette 'cause Andrew was his editor for, for many years. And I got to see it from the inside.


He was an artist. He was an artist. Those stories where he would pull stuff, the way that the site was the, it was a palette that he painted on right of, of news. And they had a whole different way of, of of, of just presenting news. That was very, very unique. And no, whoever's running it now is clearly not Roger. I mean, there's just some stuff thrown up there. Very few stories. I think they got 50 stories today. So it's, and he's, it clearly hates Trump. I mean, the smallest thing. But even more than that, it's not the dev, not the tool. It used to be, it used to be a tremendous tool in asset. So true. So do we, do we know if it's still Matt or if he sold it? 'cause there was a rumor that he sold it.


I don't know the last time I saw Matt when, when he showed up for Andrew's funeral, he had not been seen in years. He shows up and You know people had not seen him in years. And he was fully ripped. He had a black tee on, I mean, he looked like the bionic man. He was, it was not the mad drunk people remember. And he JI just remember we're staying aside and, and Larry and John Conn and the rest of there. 'cause we, we, we were launching the new site on Sunday. We had launched it on Sunday. Andrew died on Thursday, Thursday night, four nights before he launched the site you see today. And there was some controversy where they're gonna set shut it down or, or launch it and said, the widow said, no, Andrew gave his life for this. We're definitely gonna launch this site. I think the funeral was on Tuesday or Wednesday.


And, and when George came at the end, he kinda sat there, 'cause we're gonna have a celebration for life. And, and Matt said, what are you guys gonna do? And I said, well, look, we're gonna keep going. We got a team, we got You know the, the, the generate cash for her and other, we got a payroll and our vessel say, yeah, let's take a shot at it. And he just, he shook his head and he said, You know, I don't get that. He says, when I'm gone, the site's over, it's just, boom, it was here for a period of time. It was mine, it's my thing. And I wouldn't pass it on to anybody else. And but today, clearly that's, I don't think that's Matt Drudge. It's clearly not Matt. You can just see it's not, it's not anywhere near the artistry of Really.


I know exactly what you mean. Yeah, agreed. How You put information. Yeah, no, no. Right. Although I will say right on brand mysterious as always. Okay. You, you mentioned Trump and, and the possible path. What do you think is the most likely path if he, if he pulls this off tomorrow, what do you think will be the, like, the most likely group of states that put him over? Well, I think right now, and this is all about what we deliver particularly on something like North Carolina. I think that North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, and Nevada could be You know the, the one's locked down And, then I, think it's Wisconsin or Pennsylvania. She's gotta hold the blue wall in Nebraska too.


And she gets the two 70. But I think his path is, is probably the, the, the, the, the what I call the Sunbelt states plus Wisconsin, which I think she's having real problems with. Indoor Wisconsin or indoor Pennsylvania. It's a tricky one, right? 'cause it's been very, very hard to poll. All Upholsters have been wrong, wrong by like 11 point swings. I don't know why it's so hard to poll. But Trump won it in 16 and he lost it by half a point last time around if memory serves. So he, you'd have to say he is, he's likely to be competitive in it. But you'd like that even more than Pennsylvania potentially. Well, poten, I think we're gonna win Pennsylvania. I really do.


But Pennsylvania is a heavy lift. I mean it's a big diverse state. I'm saying that I think she has actually more problems than Wisconsin right now, at least as of now. Unless they shore it up. Listen, when you have places like Madison, Wisconsin, university of Wisconsin, you have places like Ann Arbor, Michigan. You have these massive, massive population centers of progressive kids. Taylor Swift fans, you, you, you don't, you're always in play. So you gotta be very careful about that. And so it's tough to call these and, but I think she's got real problems in Wisconsin. That may be the, the easiest one to fall. Although I believe as I see it right now, if we deliver, if we get it done, I think we could win Pennsylvania. Also, The former president is going to Pennsylvania, two stops today.


He's gonna North Carolina and he will finish You know the campaign. Basically the, the final stop will be in Grand Rapids, Michigan, late tonight. So that tells you something. He definitely thinks his hopes are are still alive in all three of those. He has not given up on Michigan by any stretch. And he's actually up in Michigan according to some polls today. What do you make of the fact that he's having to go to North Carolina and she's going there too? I kind of thought North Carolina was leaning more heavily Trump and that that might have been closer to a Georgia, closer to an Arizona where it was a little bit not safe, but a little safer for President Trump. You have these big universities.


I mean you've got the research triangle, you have these big universities. The North Carolina is two things. It's traditional, the traditional tar heels. But then you've got, you add on top of that, the, the the the, the center of the credential class. I mean the research triangle is like a mini, it's like 1 28 or Austin or a mini version of Silicon Valley. It's one of the most advanced medical and technology centers in the country. And you've got Duke, you got Wake Forest, you got UNC, you have these great schools. Anytime you have those, you have a hotbed of the progressive left On top of that, it's become a big retirement community for folks that we say in Virginia are Yankees, right? Asheville, North Carolina, down in Southern Pines.


And in Pinehurst you have a huge retirement thing. 'cause people don't wanna go to Florida. But it's kind of You know. It's the weather's fantastic. So on top of that, you then have, you have a lot of rural MAGA and North Carolina I think is my biggest fear in 16 was North Carolina. We had, we it's very, I think it's tough to poll. It's tough to organize. It was Mark Meadows. We went down exactly at the place. They had the rally today. We went down the Saturday morning before Tuesday. And I sat there with President Trump talk, worked with Meadows, and Meadows said, no, no, no, we got this. We're gonna win this by a point, point and a half, two points. You don't need to come back. Oh boy. And Mark knew the Christian community down there.


No, the reason we did not go back to North Carolina was, was I actually canceled something. Was Meadows telling me that? But he had a real feel. I, North Carolina is I think very tough. I think it was tough in 16, although it's the one we won in 20. I got that. But it's tough because of, you've got You know It's changing. You look at The maps, You know we have 3000 of the counties, I think of the 3,400 counties. The map is read in the country when we look at it by county. But besides the coast, right? The LA's and the New York, the San Francisco, the Bay Area, Seattle, you then you'll see blue dots around and significant blue dots around the country. That's Charlottesville, Virginia. It's Austin, Texas. It's Madison, Wisconsin, it's Ann Arbor, Michigan.


It's, it's, it's the research triangle of UNC and Duke and, and Wake Forest. The, those are big centers. And remember in the ballot harvesting business, those are, it's like in Arizona with Arizona State and University Arizona. Those are centerpieces where people sometimes can change their registration or register in the same day. These are ballot harvesting meccas very tough and Carolina's gonna be tough. We have to really represent tammar to win. I think we can. I think we will. But man, people have gotta turn out and it's gotta be forced multipliers all over. Hmm. She is on the other hand, spending the entire day today in Pennsylvania, Scranton, Allentown, and then rallies in Pittsburgh and Philadelphia.


Maybe I'll see her when I go to Pittsburgh for Trump later today, say hi and get her speech on ambitions and aspirations and dreams. Let's move over to Nevada because John Ralston, the guy everybody reads who's no Trump fan, keeps updating what he's seeing in the early vote every two days, every no more often. Every, every day. And what he posted late, I think it was late last night. Yeah, Sunday afternoon and we're waiting for today's update is that the, he writes the Republican lead is 4% statewide or just under 43,000 ballots. Now, he had said last week that if Republicans can keep the early vote to a 40,000 or more lead, they were in business.


Like it might be time for the fat lady to sing. But he's not saying that today. He's saying they do have a 43,000 ballot lead Republicans do. He says almost 1.1 million votes have been posted. That's 53% of the expected. He says if turnout is 1.4 million, then we're approaching 80% of the vote being in. Okay. So he's trying to guess here. Anyway, the, the bottom line is about 1.1 million votes have been posted. If we wind up with 1.4 million turnout, we've seen 80% of the vote in. And the Republicans have a 43,000 ballot lead. But he says there are at least 300,000 more ballots out there, give or take. And he says he thinks turnout in Clark could be a bit lower.


That's not great for Dems. That's a blue county rurals a bit higher. That's not great for Dems. Rurals tend to lean Republican and Washoe, which I think is, isn't that Reno? I think that's more Republican leaning. Yeah. But then he says this, instead of Dems building a big ballot lead this year, it's the Republicans who are doing it. And the question is, can the Dems come back with mail ballots, crossover votes by Republicans and making election day a wash? What do you think of that, Steve? So one thing for your audience is that, and the guy Olson in the New York Post had his path to, to Victory Day.


Yeah. Henry taking percentages off. Henry's a very smart guy, but he took percentages off like the Republicans or 95% support Trump and 5% don't. In the polling, what the Democrats are, are banking on nationwide is that there is a percentage of the Republican votes and we're all giddy about the Republican vote. Their theory of the case is part of that is Liz Cheney, Nikki Haley, part of Nikki Haley's followers, Liz Cheney followers that will be never Trump voters. So we just can't sit there and embrace the, the, the Republican and just think that's the ultimate solution. There may be some truth to that. We don't know. There may be some truth to that. The problem, Nevada is its own unique issue.


And this is what it is. Let's go back to Laxalt a couple of years ago. He had the 8,000 vote lead going into this last weekend. And then he lost by 8,000 the culinary union out there coupled with the remnants. And there's still a remnant, I think run by a woman named Lamb of the Harry Reid machine that knows how to, how do I say this politely? You know, generate ballots. They're they're professionals. And Laxalt You know he called me before he conceded 'cause I was all over. He's a great guy. He really helped us in 16. I got to know him really well. And I begged him not to concede. I said, no, you don't understand we can fight this. And he said, Steve, you can't fight these guys.


They're too You know, I had this thing won, I should have won it. And they stole it from me. So I tell people, and out there you have McDonald the chairman, you have a Segal Chatta and others a huge You know war room. Grassroots, big grassroots effort out there. We can't, it ain't over till it's over in Nevada right now. It looks so much better. Look, Ralston, as You know is not a Trump guy. He, he wrote that and he sent all kind of signals in it that I think everybody's blown away about where we've done what the levels, what the effort's been done today. But it's still, it still all gets down to tomorrow. And they, they got this funky thing too. I think mail-in ballots can come in on Wednesday morning.


I mean they, they've got some laws out there that are a little You know gamey about one thing's gonna actually come in and how they count it. But the culinary union coupled with the Reed machine are professional grade and people should not take anything for granted coming outta Nevada. That's when you're gonna have to show up and muscle this thing through tomorrow and you're gonna need a legal team that's just all over this thing. They, they have it. I mean they, maybe you saw the New York Times magazine piece on these, these terrified voters who are obsessed with election integrity in Nevada. And Jim Rutenberg went out there and interviewed a bunch of them. And You know the piece was ultimately somewhat let to be kind to the way he phrased it, dismissive of all of their concerns about voter integrity in Nevada and that.


And yet here you're talking about how You know there's a machine and it knows how to win. The same is a concern in Pennsylvania where the mail-in ballot. I mean, that's what people are worried about in Pennsylvania, Steve, that we could get to a situation where Trump is winning on midnight tomorrow night at midnight tomorrow night, and then suddenly they get like three days potentially of maybe even unmarked un postmarked ballots to come in after the election, which You know last time around the Supreme Court allowed those ballots, but they ultimately weren't necessary in the count because they found that Joe Biden had run, had won by such a margin that they didn't really have to get there this time around.


I mean, that's the kind of thing that can make all the difference. Well this is yesterday's New York Times You know your favorite paper record in your new hometown and they got a picture of me and look at the headline. It's Ruttenberg by the way, just randomly Ruttenberg Trump uses 20 playbook to lay groundwork for dispute. He and ally spread distorted reports inviting chaos if Harris wins the race. There you go. And it's Gutenberg's right there with, with my picture. And the reason they're so freaked out is I gave this press conference and people know this. I advocated President Trump's standup at 11 o'clock at night in 2020 and say, Hey look, I'm 800,000 votes ahead in, in, in in Pennsylvania.


I'm that we're gonna be all over how these votes are counted because there's quote unquote all this ballots to be counted. We need some order to this process. And I think it's right. You've got all these kind of different and And I believe states should run their own elections. Yes. But you've got all these funky different rules and the mail-in ballots are gonna be an issue in, in Pennsylvania, just like the culinary union and, and the reed machine are gonna be an issue in Nevada. And that's why I think we're much better prepared today. You've got a real team of of lawyers on election integrity also. We've trained up, I think 150 or 200,000 poll watchers, but also election officials that'll be around the green table as the ballots go.


And so ballot curing, all those types of things now we'd have great ballot chasing with Charlie Kirk. Now we've got a whole set of, of citizens that have been trained in ballot curing and also fighting around the table for these ballots. I think it'll be very different, but it's gonna be an issue. And I keep telling people don't think at 10 o'clock at night, they're gonna be calling this no matter what the exit polls say, no matter what it is. 'cause this is gonna be, this is gonna be a dinner in the trenches fight. Oh boy. Alright, we're gonna take a break. Before we go to break, I'm just gonna play Trump's closing ad of this long, long campaign. An extremely important one. Take a look at this before we come back. Four years ago, we took a wrong turn and lost our purpose.


We lost the strength that makes Americans who we are, if we dared to speak the truth. It was called hate speech. And our values were labeled shameful. That's when everything we care about fell apart. We surrendered our borders, our paychecks, and our courage. Our patriotism was called Toxic Men could beat up women and win medals, but there was no prize for the guy who got up every day to do his job. Now we're being asked to settle for the way things are. And we're wondering if America can make a comeback. We can because we've done it before.


When we get knocked down, we don't stay down. We get up again. We fight, we fight, we fight. I'm Donald J. Trump. And I. Approve this message. Wow, that is incredible. I've got chills. And I. Agree with every word more with Steve Bannon just ahead


with the holidays approaching. Here's a gift to make your loved ones feel special. Cozy Earth this year wrap your family in ultimate comfort and enjoy peaceful nights starting with the right sheets. Cozy earth's bamboo sheet set offers everyday luxury everyone will love. It's the gift of unparalleled comfort making. Every night a ser escapee for holiday pajamas, cozy earth's women's bamboo pajama set and men's pajamas are must haves. They're stylish, super soft and perfect for cozy mornings or lazy evenings by the fire. What sets Cozy Earth apart? They're temperature regulating fabrics that keep you cool and cozy. Plus they offer a 10 year warranty. So these gifts will last for many holidays to come wrap the ones you love in luxury with Cozy Earth, head to Cozy Earth dot com slash megan and use my code MEGYN for up to 40% off your order. Just go to Cozy Earth dot com slash megan. And if you get a post purchase survey, say you heard about Cozy Earth from Megan Kelly.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Dr. Davis, what do I do? John G needs an abortion or she's going to die from the pregnancy. Sorry, that's not happening. What you doing? Who are you? I'm your Republican congressman. Now that we're in charge, we banned abortion. No exceptions. If you can't do this, she's dying. I won the last election, so it's my decision. But don't worry, you can still have children just not with her. This is so egregious. It was paid for by a PAC supporting Kamala Harris called the Progressive Action Fund. And every word of that is a lie.


Even in the deepest red states that have passed far more restrictive abortion laws, every single one allows an abortion to save the life of the mother. Every single one. And any state that tried to pass a law that didn't allow that would see its law overturned immediately by the US Supreme Court. This is such a lie there. Maybe I'm just naive, Steve Bannon, but You know there used to be a day where if you told like a little fib in a campaign ad, you'd probably get called out on it. It might be a story. But this kind of fear mongering used to be condemned by left and right. This is outrageous. But abortion is her greatest hope.


That's effective. That spot's an effective spot. They're gonna keep using it 'cause it's effective. They don't care about the rules. They put, they did the You know they put her on Saturday Night Live when Lauren Roberts swore he wasn't gonna do that to violate the FCC. They removed a president of the United States. They removed Biden, who is their nominee in a period of a week because they knew he couldn't beat Trump. There's there's no law. They won't break, there's no no customer tradition they won't go against. And so yes, the the abortion issue has been one of the AEs in the space that they use to get to, to get young women to rally to their cause. And it's been effective. You just have to, president Trump has, I think, done what everybody planned to do is have it turned back to the states and even conservative states like Kansas and Ohio are gonna not have the the types of of of right to life that a lot of the right to life members thought conservative states will have.


That's fine. But it's, they, they've they've been very effective on this playing coloring outside the lines. Remember this is raw politics about power and control and they're, their, their, they don't have, their rule book is victory. Their rule book is winning in, in prison in Danbury, there were a bunch of of men there that put their, been praying the rosary in front of abortion clinics. They, they had sentenced, wow, I think two or three 70 their seventies to this is not a camp, they're a federal prison, low security. But these low security prisons are tough. They're not in a camp. They, they sentence, I think two or three women in their seventies while I was there. They did, Tina Peters got sentenced to nine years.


She's a gold star mother. Look, they play smash mouth. They understand Nancy Pelosi. And these people understand what power is and they know how to use power. And the Republican Party has had a very tradition of kind of play by You know Dudley do. Right? MIT Romney Marquia Queensbury. And that's one of the reasons they hate Trump. Trump and the people around him. They've got some brawlers, we're not gonna back down. But that ad is horrible as it is. I'm sure it's quite effective. Yeah. The reports are that it's, it's allegedly swaying independent mail voters by some decent margin. As untrue though, as it is. I wanna talk about the, the both sides live. That's resurrected now in the final days, they must have some good data on this.


Barack Obama got out there and spread this. Listen to Obama in sod seven. Maybe you're Muslim American or Jewish American and you are heartbroken and furious about the ongoing bloodshed in the Middle East and worried about the rise of antisemitism. Why would you place your faith in somebody who instituted a so-called Muslim ban who sat down for pleasantries with Holocaust deniers who said that there were very fine people on both sides of a white supremacist rally.


Now he knows better. It's just, I don't know. Am I, am I being Pollyanna thinking that the former president of the United States wouldn't be like, shouldn't be openly lying about something that's been fact-check by a left-leaning organization like Snopes. There's zero chance he didn't know or wasn't told that that's a blatant lie. So it's just all about, as you point out victory. And, and by the way, like is, is Team Red gonna do this in in at this level, at this egregious level about Kamala? Because I'll tell you, thinking about my remarks tonight at the Trump rally, I kind of decided I would stick to the truth. I thought that might be an important thing to do. Well, I think the truth about her and about their policies are are blame. But remember we fought wars in Iraq on weapons of mass destruction.


We've never really, we've never really investigated or put on trial. The people that brought on the 2008 financial crash You know you had Bernie Madoff, but he was marginalia to what the crisis were. They're lying to you all the time. Look at what they did to the parents to try to get, make sure there wasn't pornography in the school library or make sure there You know their kids were getting education and not not having DEI and all this. They'll they'll lie to your face right there, Obama a lot. Sit right there and lie to your face. But the reason it doesn't resonate And I think it's not resonating is that they also understand African American and, and, and black men particularly understand that this crowd allowed 10 to 15 million illegal alien migrants into the country and Wall Street and, and that supported it are not gonna, they're not gonna, Trump is gonna have the biggest battle in American domestic history to deport anybody.


And, and the and the black and Hispanic community understand that it's driven down their wages. It's made their life tougher. It's made their communities more crime ridden. So no, there's nothing the other side won't do to to, to take and hold power, including looking right in the eye and lying about it. So, no, I, it doesn't shock me to the degree it's effective. I think we come back and that's why I would like the closing message. I'm glad you're talking about that, is to be quite focused on just pure economics right now and the lived experience of working class and middle class people. 'cause I think that's the biggest winner we've got. The New York Times may be doing a long piece on you and election denialism. I wonder whether they'll do a long piece on Jamie Raskin and his plans for denying the election if Trump wins.


Because he's making it really explicit. He went on Bill Maher this weekend, and here's what he said in SOP 14, When I say we will support a free and fair election, no, we're not gonna allow them to steal it in the states or steal it at the Department of Justice or steal it with any other election official in the country. If it's a free and fair election, we will do what we've always done. Okay? We will honor it. So Finally, yeah, And that is the Democrat's history. They honor it. That is the big difference between the parties. He sounds a little stop the steely Steve, your prediction if Trump does pull this off, what the Democrats will do to him between November 5th and mid-January.


Well, bill Maher in that interview was goading him on saying, it's not good. You need to be, I need to be more specific. We need to know exactly how you're going to basically not allow Trump to return to the White House. And Rolling Stone Magazine, Nancy Pelosi gave an interview, which she said three times, her purpose in life is to make sure Trump is not reelected and never sets foot again in the White House. They're obsessed with him because they understand he's led a populous revolt that quite frankly, Meghan has united disparate characters like Elon Musk, Robert Kennedy, Jr. Danica Patrick, Tulsi Gabbard, Tucker Carlson, Steve Bannon, Megan Kelly, all You know all of whom have never agreed on anything. Right? Totally.


They were all united in kind of this think about that's they united us in, in, in and many others that You know David Sachs and other people that have never been part of this have united us in an effort understanding. We're trying to save the country. So Raskin and Raskin and Mark Elias can't be dismissed. Mark Elias is the toughest election lawyer in the country. Yeah. He set up an office in Las Vegas. That's how serious they are. Jamie Raskin is a brilliant constitutional lawyer. He has already set on many occasions. He will not, if they take the house by one seat, which is, is, is possible 'cause the house is in the balance. They will not certify Trump on January 6th. They will say, Hey look, we had a committee.


That committee was for two years. The Republicans never refu it and never dismissed the committee. They talked about it on Fox, but they never took action on it. Peter Navarro went to prison. Steve Bannon went to prison. We sent criminal indictments over on Trump. Three of those went to a grand jury. He's indicted, they're all insurrectionists and we're not gonna seed him. And they're gonna try to get a contingent election set aside the election tomorrow. They, they're already drafting. Andy Bigs told us last week in the show that he knows Democrats are already drafting articles of impeachment on Trump in case they take the house by one seat. So this is trench warfare. People understand tomorrow is everything and we have to win, but don't think we're back in the seventies or eighties that there'll be Congratulations.


We'll get you next time. No, they're gonna fight this every day with Mark Elias, the culinary union, their operatives, the media, M-S-N-B-C, Jim Ruttenberg and much, much more. And You know billionaires, Reed Hoffman underwriting things. Fight it all the way through the new Congress being seated on January 3rd, fight it on January 6th. And, and even after he takes the oath of office in January. Don't think it's gonna get any better. There's not gonna be any, oh, You know honeymoon and a hundred days, nothing like that. Every day's gonna be a struggle and one side's gonna win and one side's gonna lose. And what they hope to do is despirit us and just say, we can't take anymore. I want to go play tennis or golf or pickleball or something.


The side that wins here is the side that doesn't quit. If we don't quit, we'll win. And tomorrow is a big benchmark on how prepared we are to do the work that's necessary by working class people in this country to make sure you send a message to these folks that, Hey, under no circumstances, whether I'm black, Hispanic, Arab American, we Jewish, a white working class that hey, we're we're going to take our country back. A woman on your point of the just unique group that Trump has managed to assemble to help him in this next term, if he wins it, the the great Nicole Shanahan, who was RFK J'S running mate, has put out yet another spectacular ad.


God, she's good. And it features some of that cast. Take a look at this in. So one, What will we do with this moment? How will we be remembered? Look at the opportunities before us. This election really isn't about the left versus the right. It's about we, the people choosing our government and the choice between freedom versus tyranny. Nobody has a chronic disease burden like we have. Why are we allowing this to happen to our children?


Ultimately, the only thing that will save our country is if we choose to love our kids more than we hate each other. What is going on here is deeper than politics. It is deeply spiritual. We are being called to rise above the hatred and the fear and the evil. We need to remember above and beyond that we must love our neighbors, that we must treat other people as we hope to be treated. You wanna be a rebel? You wanna be a hippie? You wanna stick it to the man? Show up on your college campus and try calling yourself a conservative America's gonna reach Heights that it has never seen before.


The future is gonna be amazing. Don't you want healthy Children? Don't you want a president that's gonna make America healthy again? I come to you today as a former Democrat. I will be a first time Trump voter tonight.


The people dreamed this country and it's the people who are making America great again. Extraordinary. So well done. Very moving Steve and perfectly captures some of what we could get. What, what, what could be, as Kamala Harris might say, as a result of tomorrow's vote, your, your final thought for the audience listening to us now We're at the top. We're at the top of the first inning and pulling this coalition together. We, this has been 10, 12 years in making, but we're at the very beginning stages. You see the people, Nicole Shanahan, incredibly, incredibly just talented.


The people are coming together supporting the MAGA movement, the America First Movement, the American Citizens First Movement and President Trump are extraordinary. It's the very beginning stage. You want all of your audience to join. This is gonna be historic and we got so much more work to do. I'm just glad to be in the street fighter element of that and couldn't be more honored. Oh, and we're so glad to have you. I'm so glad to see you free and sharing your lessons with us and your tactics. All the best, Steve, so we'll talk after it's all over. Thanks Megan And who knows when that will be. I'll see you after Pittsburgh tonight and all through election day.


Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.