
Trump country is booming. We're building, hiring and winning in America because energy tax credits create jobs and put America first Jobs and factories will come roaring back into our country. More production at home will mean stronger competition and lower prices for consumers. And America's Comeback depends on American energy. President Trump keep what works. Don't repeal energy tax credits. Learn more at Built For America US Paid for by Built For America.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual.


Hey Everyone, it's Megyn Kelly. Today we are bringing you some MK Media highlights that feature my appearances on each of our MK Media shows. I'm helping these guys promote their shows and we're sort of cross pollinating and it's been super fun and actually really interesting for me. It's fun to go on their shows and see like what they can do. What kind of an interviewer are they? Something I did not know until they joined the MK Media Network, which thanks to all of you, is just doing so well. I'm super grateful to this audience. I know that you are the ones making these other shows a success, and it's just so cool. Just thank you. So the hosts of these shows turn the tables on Yours truly.


I was a guest on Spot On with Link Lauren. Next Up with Mark Halperin and The Nerve with Maureen Callahan. Take a look at our fun convos and go ahead and subscribe to their shows on YouTube and on podcasts, wherever you get to your podcasts for free. We'll see you soon.


If you haven't heard about Riverbend Ranch, it's time you did. They have just introduced their Riverbend Ranch stakes to the marketplace. Riverbend Ranch raises their beef on beautiful mountain meadows, only a few miles from West Yellowstone. Unlike most ranches, Riverbed Ranch never uses growth hormones or antibiotics. They treat their animals humanely and with respect. There are advantages of buying directly from the ranch. They can track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. Riverbend Ranch has its own state-of-the-art processing facility on the ranch that has received several national awards as one of the best in the us, but most important is the quality of the beef. They age their beef to perfection for 21 days. You simply cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store, shipped directly from the ranch to your home. You get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from Riverbend Ranch dot com. Use promo code Megan to get 20 bucks off your first order. That's Riverbend Ranch dot com code, Megan, and be prepared. Once you taste it, I think you're gonna be coming back for more. Again, that's Riverbend Ranch dot com code, Megan.


Well, this next guest really needs no introduction. Like I told you, she's an icon. She's a legend, but she looks way too young to be an icon and a legend. We have the one and only host of The Megyn Kelly Show, Megyn Kelly herself. She's the reason we are here right now. She's the reason I'm no longer filming videos on my phone with crappy quality. We have a high definition camera, we have a microphone. So Megan, welcome to the show. We could not be happier to have you. I mean, as usual link, you are spot on. Thank you for that lovely introduction. Thank you for being here. We will skip the pleasantries. I was telling the team, we don't need to waste one second of your time. I wanna dive into this first topic.


There's this young 22-year-old beautiful abortion rights activist named Olivia Juliana. She works with the DNC. They really highlighted her during the convention. They had her on camera, she was on stage. She works very closely with the DNC, but she's gone viral the last few days because she's their new secret weapon they're using to reach young men. We have a clip. Let's take a look and then discuss Things. Don't actually spend time talking to young men. I, You know this because we know each other in real life, but I spend a lot of time on college campuses and I spend a lot of time with Young, I love young men. I Love young men. I I, I love frat guys.


And in that, I've realized like even the ones that identify as conservative are almost always pro-choice. They're almost always pro gay marriage. You'd be surprised at the number of them who supported Black Lives Matter. And so I feel like people just kind lump them into this box when the truth is, again, a lot of them are with us on the issues. They're just not part of our coalition because they feel like they're not welcomed in. Okay, Megan, we have talked about this for years on the right. Somehow these folks at the DNC have decided in June of 2025, You know what men have left the Democratic Party. They decided to wake up to this fact. Do you think the Democrats are in good hands with this woman at the helm?


She says she goes to all these frat houses and young men are fired up about Black Lives Matter. I've never met a young man who is fired up about Black Lives Matter. Meghan, oh, I, I wonder what fraternities these could possibly be speaking on behalf of all Syracuse University graduates. There isn't one there that would be open-minded to Juliana coming in to discuss her views on abortion and BLM. I mean, this is ridiculous. Is this their answer? As Republicans and right-minded independents? I think we can heve a huge sigh of relief if this is the solution to their problem. I mean, this is so, like, it's so funny to me that they need to study, they need to study young men to try to figure out how to speak to them. You know, the New York Times had that article where they were saying, we've gotta take a hard look at, at the syntax Republicans are using in, in dealing with young men.


'cause that's the way into their hearts. Well, why don't you stop saying you don't hire men that, okay, like we don't have to go all that deep. We don't need $20 million on a focus group. How about removing the effective sign from outside of all of corporate America that says, we don't hire white and we don't hire white men. That might really open up some avenues for you with voters. I mean, it's just absolutely absurd that they're spending time with this woman. And by the way, not for nothing, no offense to Juliana, but if you really wanna make inroads with young college aged men, I think you'd be hiring somebody who could be like on one of those commercials for the big hamburgers that used to be on the Super Bowl all the time. You're like, you need one of those girls who could have like a hose on her while she eats a big cheeseburger.


I don't know why it works with the young men. I like, someone will have to explain it to me, but I know it does. No, they need someone from like a Carl's Jr. Super Bowl commercial. That's what it's Carl Jr. What I've been saying. It's always the, I said this the other day on the show, these abortion activists who are saying We need more abortion clinics, more Planned Parenthoods. We are pro-choice, pro-choice, pro-choice. They never have any romantic prospects. They look like Chewbacca. No one's going near them. So I'm like, I think you're safe being an abortion rights activist. I think you are good. But you brought up this article that we saw last week in the New York Times $20 million to study how young men Speak. Why don't you go sit down and char talk to Charlie Kirk. Why don't you actually talk to young men?


I think young men are also tired of apologizing for their masculinity and in the left, they just don't feel welcome. And you're raising young boys who are becoming men. What advice do you give to your young men as they're going out into the world? Because it's such a polarizing environment. Now, if you ask a girl out at the water cooler, she could turn around and say, you made me feel uncomfortable. Right? It seems like there's this almost overcorrection now where a lot of guys don't feel comfortable doing anything. No, I worry about that environment for them. I mean, they're still young. My kids are young, so they haven't yet had to cross these bridges. But I do worry about that stuff like the crazy me too googly-eyed women who think anybody who doesn't ask for permission before they lean in for a kiss is the equivalent of a Harvey Weinstein.


I mean, these, these women are nuts. I mean, I would say to any mother or father of young boys, go on offense. If your son gets, You know, any inkling that he's in a me too situation over a nothing burger like the one I just outlined. You gotta go on offense. You, you, you should send your son first to the dean to say, I'm being wrongfully disparaged by this woman, You know, saying to her friends on this. Or I'm the other thing after a completely consensual activity. You know, like I, I would never let somebody do that to my kid, and I don't think anybody should allow it to happen to theirs. I do think that like part of the huge problem the Democrats have with young men is the woke. And it's, so, it's like the irony of her saying they're pro BLM, that's bullshit.


By, by the way, if, if they're saying they're pro BLM, they're literally just saying it. They're saying it because they've been told, they have to say, okay, I am pro BLM and they have to post the black square on my Instagram, or I'm canceled before I even get my first job. So she's too dumb to realize that it's just pro, You know, it's proactive. It's, it's, it's prophylactic. So secondly, I, I watch my kids go through this every other week at, at a non woke school is Women's History Month, African American History Month, native American history month at, You know, pride month. Now we're in like truly the, the, the kids are like, oh, they don't feel any of these. They don't feel like I'm really super into black history now.


Tell me more about the Great Women of America and what they've done. They're like, ah. And it's not just my kids who have, You know, grown up with my husband and me being like that. It's all of them. They're all pretending. But these morons in the Democrat party wanna keep pushing it and, You know, study syntax instead. Right? I mean, I would love to see your son bring home a liberal girl with blue hair sometimes. Oh, I would love to see, see my God dinner table if they brought home a liberal. But you also mentioned something, I remember the night you endorsed President Trump, and we don't have a clip. I'm just thinking about this now. The night you endorsed President Trump, I remember you turned around to the guys in hard hats and you said, what kind of society can we have?


How as women can we feel protective if our men are being beaten down and they're not being taken care of? And I thought that really encapsulated this issue with the Democratic Party right now. I think a lot of these guys, they're tired of seeing their girlfriends, their daughters, their wives having their bathrooms infiltrated or their sports teams infiltrated. You look at someone like Peyton McNabb, right? They are tired of seeing their girls getting beat up and it's why they're leaving the Democratic Party because they're tired of the nonsense. Don't you think that's a part of it? That they have this desire to protect the homeland, to protect the women in their lives, the guys who have falls? Yes. I was, You know what, last night, my kids are now on summer vacation. So, so we, we stayed up late on a Sunday night and we were watching Zero Dark 30.


Remember the movie? Oh, I love that Movie. Yes, It was Jessica Chastain. It's so good. Yeah, that shows how they caught Bin Laden. And it was, you look at that movie, yes, it completely shows what a heroine. This still unnamed CI agent was the female agent. So that's great. But like those bad asses at the end when you've got like the Navy sales getting on board, those Black Hawk helicopters, they weren't black hawks, but they were, You know, stealth helicopters to go to a BadBad that's like badass, amazing hot masculinity at its finest, right? Those are men. And every man has that peace in him that sort of, the protector fighter don't f with me or my family or my country mentality.


It gets beaten out of them by woke submissive weird left that's decided to just, that it's not attractive to be a true man anymore. And I, I mean, no woman wants that. No, even gay man wants that, right? It's like we miss our real men. So I think yes, right? Like, it's like, I don't know. I, I feel like the more we encourage what's a natural instinct in virtually every single man alive, which is to be a protector, to be a fierce protector and a warrior, the better off we'll be the, the better off the Democrat party would be. But they've lost the ability to connect with that at all. Their entire thing is the weird Birkenstock wearing man bun me wearing guy who's super effeminate and in touch with his feelings, which is not attractive and it's not attractive to b, it not only, it doesn't attract the opposite sex, it doesn't attract men to the party because they don't wanna associate with that.


It's, and it's incongruous with their own God give God-given instincts. Absolutely. No, I think these men are just tired of apologizing. Their masculinity is toxic. If they try to explain something, they're mansplaining. If they're sitting comfortably, they's man spreading. There's always just this negative lean to everything on the left. But speaking of a man who's also been beaten down into a show, we have to move on to Prince Harry, the Duke of White Castle, the Duke of Waffle House. He and Meghan Markle, the wannabe Duchess. Okay, the Duchess of Sun Damage. She's back in the news today because there's some new articles out. I just wanted to run through some of them quickly because we had a real deep top of the show with the horrific violence yesterday in Boulder.


We just wanted to have some fun with you and discuss Harry and Meghan. So there's this article that came out that Meghan Markle really did expect Harry to be a billionaire when she met him. She was incredibly disappointed to find out he's only worth a couple million and she's gonna have to actually work and haw these jams and jellies and dog biscuits to have the lifestyle that she wants. I personally think, and I'd love to get your take on this, I think Megan would leave Harry in a second if a billionaire would scoop her up. I think she'd be in divorce court tomorrow if like an Elon wanted to take her out. But I don't think a lot of billionaires want a 45, 40 6-year-old Duchess with multiple marriages and all that baggage. Meghan, what do you think? I completely agree.


And by the way, she's already gotten the benefit of her bargain with Harry because she got the title. That's what she wanted. Yes, she wanted to be world famous. She wanted the title. You remember when Harry was single, he was the elephant, that he was the one the most eligible bachelor on earth. Yes, you could be a royal, you could become world famous overnight. You could live in a castle, you could have access to the crown jewels. You would be a princess. My God, yes. He could have had his pick, except for the people who weren't PR whores because like his prior girlfriends broke up with him, at least the last two reportedly, because they did not want this lifestyle. They actually didn't wanna be famous. They wanted like a normal life where they could just fall in love for real and raise a family. But this woman is nothing but a publicity whore.


It's a term of art. And she, I, You know, we broke the news that she had Prince Harry on her vision board when she was younger. And that was her goal, hashtag goal to marry Prince Harry. So it was all about getting the title. She's done that now. Now she's just stuck with this depressed ginger who has absolutely no family, no friends and no money. This was not hashtag part of the plan. So what is she supposed to do now? Now if she's smart and she is that she's very savvy, she'll find a way to bounce past him to some other taker who might actually just love the guy. She will take her royal kids who can still go by Prince and princess and find the billionaire, like you say, who actually will just keep her in the manner to which you like to become accustomed.


But as you point out, it gets trickier because these billionaires can sense one thing. When you're not looking for a partner, you're looking for a solution. And that's obviously the lane that Meghan Markle is in now. She doesn't make really her own money. This whole Netflix thing is just a ruse. We all know this is made up just to give her something to do. Her, her, her miraculous renewal for her second season, which was already shot in full by the time the first season was done, meaning they just made some extra episodes and decided to roll out a fake sec. Second season as a PR plan hasn't fooled anybody. Now they're saying they're not even sure if she's going to make more jam. That thing's already dwindling on the vine. Everything she touches turns to shit. And I think every, You know, sort of creative person behind her or deep pocket behind her nose, it's an extraordinary risk.


She's too toxic to touch. Absolutely. So speaking of the reality show, the cooking show, I saw the same story. She's already tired of selling the jams and jelly. She's like, well we might restock in 2026. I think there's no demand. I also think she's lazy. I don't think she wants to work. She should actually run for Congress as a Democrat like Jasmine Crockett because they don't wanna work. They want to twerk and sit around and film video. So I think she should actually run for office. 'cause Meghan Markle, you're lazy. So we also have a clip from her reality show. She posted a deleted scene where she's showing some bizarre pineapple hack. Let's take a look and then talk about it A trick that people do with pineapple, instead of just cutting it to make the perfect little bite, you follow the wedge when nature has given you all the cues on how to have a perfect taste of something.


Oh, how fun is that? I love it. This woman is being paid millions of dollars to show how to cut into a pineapple. Also, I thought the pineapple was the international symbol for swingers. I think maybe she was like symbolizing, she's down to party down to have some fun. Are you taking cooking advice from Meghan Markle in the kitchen? Oh my God. I mean, let me tell you this, like first of all, there's a reason that was deleted. She really should go with her producer's instincts. Okay, second of all, who the hell is is sedated by one tiny little bite of pineapple? The reason we cut it the way we do is because you eat it almost like a watermelon or at least half a watermelon slice. It's very sweet.


But you want a little more, just one little bite. That's like having one little handful of popcorn. It's impossible. Nobody wants to do it that way. Once again, proving how unrelatable she is. No, I wouldn't take any of the advice on her show. Maureen, as You know, Callahan and I tried to recreate this thing and the only thing that was good that she actually did was the one pop pasta, which she very clearly stole word for word from Martha Stewart. And unbeknownst to me, 'cause I don't cook, this is apparently one of Martha Stewart's famous recipes. So she wasn't even clever in her apparent thievery. She just stole it, relabeled it her own, and then tried to act like she'd come up with this cool one pot chicken thing.


After that, it was just taking pretzels from one bag and pouring them into another. And by the way, I have a never before heard secret about her show and our recreation of the show has she, she decided to make microwave popcorn by putting an ear of corn into the microwave and magically it popped perfectly. And then she put those kernels into a little bag. Oh, so cute. And I remember watching this thinking, there's no way that actually works. But then when we did it, my producer gave me a little ear of corn, we put it in there and it worked perfectly. I'm like, my God, maybe this is the thing. No, You know what? It's a thing. They take these little ears of corn and they treat them with chemicals that make them pop perfectly.


So now you've got chemical laden pop corn in. You could have just gone with Orville Redden Barker who already did all this work for you without trying to pretend that you're making homemade popcorn at home. No, everything is a lie. Also, don't tell Michelle Obama that you don't cook. You might be in good company. So they're telling me we have two minutes. I want to get to one last woman who is also insufferable and she's in the news right now. That is Taylor Swift. So Taylor Swift bought her masters back for $300 million. We're happy she has her music back. If you're not in the weeds in the music industry, no one cares that much. But we had this discussion last night, my team, do we think Taylor Swift's clout is down?


Right? She lost all her awards at the Grammys every American Music award. She also endorsed Kamala Harris. That went terribly for her. Do you think this is her low moment? Is she down in the weeds? Meghan? Is Taylor Swift kind of over? Yeah, I think she is. And she did it to herself. She got political. There was no reason for it. You look around at the like Hollywood actresses and the movie stars and the singers who choose not to get political, and they're either very smart Democrats or they're Republicans, right? Like, because Republicans know they can't come out with their politics 'cause they'll get, You know, loathed and canceled by their industry. And very smart Democrats know, as the Michael Jordan rule says it, Republicans buy sneakers too.


And Democrats buy sneakers too. And why would you alienate half your fan base? It's not worth it. You know, I was recently told, for example, Renee Zellweger keeps her politics very quiet for a reason. She's from Texas. You can figure it out from there. But Taylor Swift thought she was too big for the rules to apply to her. And as it turns out, she's subject to the rules of gravity, just like every other human on earth, no matter how much she can fool 14-year-old girls into thinking she's some sort of a role model, even though her entire history is getting dumped by a series of men and not to land in into a marriage or a family by the time she's in her mid to late thirties.


So Taylor Swift thought the rules didn't apply to her and that she could get political. That she could not only get political and endorse Kamala, but actually tell the world that the reason she was endorsing him is because of tampon, Tim Waltz and their weird stance on L-G-B-T-Q issues, which includes transing children and seizing custody of them from parents who will not support the alleged transition. That's Tim Walls for you and and he was the reason she endorsed. So yeah, it cost her. And guess what? The whole country, there's a groundswell behind Republicans, conservatism, conservatism, whatever. I'm, I can't speak too early. And President Trump, president Trump's more popular than ever.


And the Republican party is too, there are new data out on that today. So she chose the wrong team. So like Oprah, she had her heyday, it's over. And now she's coming to grips with the reality that her opinion politically means nothing. No one gives a shit. She might be able to sing the occasional cute little bubbly song that's meaningful to a teenager, just like Oprah might be able to fool somebody in her seventies that she's still as relevant as she was in the nineties. But regular people know these are not people we should be listening to for advice or their talk shows. Or frankly, let's face it with Taylor, her music either. Hallelujah, I couldn't have said it better myself.


I think Taylor Swift's sort of 2015 girl boss feminism, she hasn't realized the culture has moved on. If she really wants to protect women, it's not Kamala Harris, it's President Trump who's trying to get men outta women's sports and secure the border. So we don't have another lake in Riley or Jocelyn Nari. I think if Taylor Swift really had some gumption, she would've come out on the right side of history. But it's why she got her ass handed to her. So I'm on your show tomorrow. Maybe we can break down some more of this. Yes. But we are so grateful to have you. I could not be more grateful. I was telling everyone this is an A-list booking. Oh my God, we have Megyn Kelly coming on this show. This, this is a big booking, everybody. So we are so grateful. Thank you, thank you, thank you. And I'll see you in 24 Hours. I'm so happy to do it. I'm so happy to do it.


So happy for your success. Everybody is loving the show. They email me me directly and and truly like it's genuine. Huge enthusiasm for you. Sky's limit. Thank you so much. Can't wait to see what you do. Thank you so much.


More and more Americans are prioritizing their health and getting back in shape, but diet and cardio alone are not enough. If you really wanna build muscle and burn fat, you must do strength training. Introducing Jacked Up Fitness. They're all in one home. Gyms are already best in class and they're all new X Series elevates home fitness to a whole new level. The Power Rack Pro X functional trainer lets you do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything you used to do at the gym, all from the comfort of your own spare room or garage. And if you are new to strength training, they offer a free get jacked up program that is full body video workouts. Simply press play and follow along. So no more excuses, right? Go to get jacked up.com and sign up for their free training program. And when you're ready to purchase your own power rack Pro X, use our promo code MK to save 10% at checkout. That's get jacked up.com.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual,


Life insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts Pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life insurers.


Alright, next up with us is the woman I call the fairy godmother of MK Media. And when I say fairy godmother, I mean godmother like, like Marlon Brando godfather. Tough but fair. Megyn Kelly, welcome to Next Up. The pleasure's all mine. Thanks for having me. I'm gonna take the opportunity to in public, do what I've done in private, which is thank you for bringing me on to be part of this. Why does the world now have the MK Media Network? Oh, I mean, the Honor is mine. Mark, I'm thrilled to be in partnership with you. You know, it was one of those things where the show was doing very well and we were thrilled with that. But I had so many stars coming on regularly who I absolutely loved hearing from and I thought it'd be great to help them get out there more.


And we've kind of figured out how to market the show, how to get clips out, how to make sure like the show gets the attention that it deserves and then the audience will decide whether they like the content that we started discussing internally. How can we, how can we help our favorites do this same thing. And that's, that's where you came in. Alright, well again, very grateful to you and and to the extent we're off to a fast start. I would attribute it at a very high percentage to you and your colleagues who have showed us how to do it. So thank you. Halpern's rule of interviewing. I try to ask the people some questions they've never been asked before. At least not in public. So, okay, that's a tough one. Let's see how I do. I know it's gonna be tough, but I think I might be able to do it. First of all, I find that the people who are the most successful on camera are great broadcasters as you are, but also great television producers.


Tell me what You know about how to be a great television producer. What are the, what are the hallmarks of being a great TV producer? Well, I mean, I, I, there's so many, but I will say number one, I do think, and this is kind of a compliment to both myself and you, I think I'm a very good spotter of talent. I think I, I have, I don't know if it's all those years I spent with Roger under his wing or what, but I definitely have an eye for who will work and resonate with an audience and who will not. And I've almost never been wrong on that, so that's good, that's good news for you too. I think, You know, one of my main things is I, I talk about my show as follows. It's like cool water over a hot brain. I, I want the audience to never have to work for it.


I want it to be seamless. It comes into their brain effortlessly. They walk away understanding it without ever having had to try to hit the 15 second rewind to stop and say to the husband or wife, what, what was that? To, to define any small term that may even arguably be confusing. And the audience, if they know it, will forgive you that You know, five second explanation. And if they don't, they'll be forever grateful to you for not assuming they did. I've got pet peeves that are weird. Like I, I don't really like wearing sound bites more longer than 60 seconds. I hate when people put graphics on the screen that don't match what the anchor is saying. It is the most annoying thing in broadcasting.


Like, don't pop up some tweet somebody said or posted while the anchor speaking the, the, the brain doesn't know what to do. Do I listen to this anchor? Do I read with my eyes what this post is? Little things like that that have just, You know, come to me over the years that I think help give the audience a pleasant experience while they're watching the show, whether they know it or not. And then conversely, people who don't do these things are giving the audience an unpleasant experience and the audience doesn't really actively know why. They just know I don't enjoy it and they don't come back Spoken like a great TV producer. Alright. Believe it or not, we're 48, only 48 hours past your interview with Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson and the release of their book.


One of the things I tell anchors who I work with or, or young people who wanna be in tv, a list of questions is not a strategy. If you're doing an interview, you need a strategy. What was your strategy when you were interviewing j Tapper and Alex Thompson? Well, I did go back and forth on how should I start it? Should I start it by getting into the facts of the book or should I start it by really pushing him on whether he's the right messenger? And in the end, it just didn't feel like I, I knew I had to get to pushing him on whether he's the right messenger, that that could not be sacrificed. We only had 40, well we had one hour plus 14 minutes with him, one hour with some breaks plus 14 minutes. And so I just, it was, that was the priority, get to that and then whatever time we had left, I would do the substance of the book in.


And so that's, that made sense to me. And then there was a question of how hard should I push him? Because we are friend friends, we're not like tight friends, but we're friends. We've been friendly, I guess is a better way of saying it for some 15 years now. I've never done anything social with Jake, but we like each other. So it was kind of awkward, You know, I think he knew 'cause in the, in the booking process, he and I had been in touch that I was gonna push him. And he told me before the interview, he wanted that because he wanted to answer the tough questions for all of his skeptics. So I felt like we were on a good ground to really, for me to go for it. Maybe, maybe it was like an eight and a half when he thought it might be a six and a half. I'm not sure. We, I think we're fine.


But You know how it is. It's like you have to go with the flow when the person comes on and see if they're pushing back, if they're giving it up, You know, if he had rolled over more right at the top, it wouldn't have been as contentious as it got. Right. We were gonna play a two minute soundbite from the interview, but I'm told anything longer than a minute's a bad idea. So we won't, I, I mean, to be honest, I do make exceptions. It depends. Yeah. Alright, maybe we'll roll in something here, two minutes or so, Megan, That that's what Happened. Megan, if we're gonna do, if we're gonna, if we're gonna, if we're gonna do this, let's just stick to the facts here. Okay. When there is a damaging report, That's what I've been doing all along One of us. I'm talking about what you just said. I just, the biggest story of the century when it comes to presidential politics.


And one of us did. If, if you hadn't done the interview and Jake as your friend called you afterwards and, and said, Hey, had I do with that interviewer, how would you say Jake didn't his interview with you? Well, I'll be totally honest. I thought it, he could have done better. Jake, when he's more relaxed, is much more conversational. And I thought in our interview he sounded almost affected a bit, You know, like almost like he was trying to be professorial and maintained his cool. And he kept repeating that thing. I look back on my coverage with humility, which sounded PR tested and not really authentic.


There's a reason it sounded PR tested. Yeah, I know. And I, I just think like that's the problem. It's, it's not just Jake's problem. It's a problem with a lot of people who are stuck in the cable news universe, which is they, they're not their authentic selves when they're on camera. You know, Jake is actually a pretty relaxed guy in your personal interactions with him. I I do like him. It's just on camera. Not everybody can do it. And when they're feeling on their heels, not everybody can do it. He, he would've been much better served by just completely owning, I'm embarrassed right up top and putting it in his own words so he could really fill it out and, and convince people of it. How convincing do you find his argument that he acknowledges he missed the story, but that there was no way for him to actually get the story?


I Don't believe it. I don't believe that. I think he did have the sources and I just think everyone went along because they liked the lie. They were perfectly happy with the lie. You know, Jake is articulating it perfectly now about how Trump was viewed as an existential threat. And when that's how you see your opponent, any many means are justified except he's still not admitting he was part of that. And that, like he talked about how he didn't see what Laura Trump saw, what I saw, what you saw. And one question I wish I had asked him was why not? Yeah. Have you spent any time trying to figure out why you didn't see it? Because I would submit he's not a Trump fan and it colored his judgment and it's probably still coloring his judgment right now.


Yeah, I I mean, again, you and I single out Jake 'cause he wrote the book, but what we're saying about him is true of thousands of people, literally that you and I know in newsrooms across the country. Senator Cotton's gonna be here later. He, he put out a video in, in 2020 saying, showing Joe Biden's loss of mental capacity and saying this is a real danger to the country. And I just think they can't answer the question, how can you say you didn't see it? Not, were you in private meetings or, You know, off camera and during an interview, but just watching the public performance of Joe Biden in the 2020 campaign. I just don't see how they can say they missed it or they didn't see it or they didn't have the sources.


It was right there. Well, this is one of the things I like about you, mark, is you are able to report on both sides objectively no matter what your personal preference is. And I feel like I can do that too. Obviously I'm a Trump supporter, I endorse the man and spoke at his rally, but I can still hit him. I can see when he does things that are controversial. I, he didn't speak to me for eight months in 2023 because I did raise some comments about Trump. He kept calling Biden Obama and was making references to World War iii. And I pointed out he didn't like that. That's, You know, if you're doing your job right, they are going to dislike you, these politicians, even if you happen to support them politically.


But more reporters need to be able to separate their personal preferences from their reporting responsibility. Yep. Alright, this next topic could take two hours, but we don't have it. So I I'll ask it briefly and you can, You know, weigh in a little bit. But I know you have a lot of, I'm pretty sure you have a lot of thoughts on this. You mentioned before authenticity and how we look at our friends who are not unshackled as we are, they're not an independent media and they're not their authentic selves on camera or in their writing. Why not? Why can't they be unshackled on cable news or on broadcast television news? What, what is it that keeps them from doing what you and I are able to do now so freely? Well, I think there's many answers to that.


One is if you, most of these people are Ivy League, You know, elite institution educated folks who they've had a lifetime of good approval and coloring within the lines and making it in the proper spaces. And so that cultivates a certain, You know, I don't know, unwillingness to show vulnerability. They're only used to getting perfect as and patted on the head Playing, playing by the rules. Yeah, it takes a fair amount of courage, frankly, to, to get rid of that veneer. Many did not come up under somebody like Ailes who saw that in me, even though I'm not an elite institution person early on, but I was trying to be a perfectionist saying that doesn't work on television and the audience can smell a phony from a mile away.


And so I was given permission by my boss to let my guard down and I did. But even then, I think people would say that you could see a big difference between me today and me while I was on Fox. There's some constraints in the cable news universe on just how much of yourself you can and should show the whole system's set up to be supportive of the platform. Not exactly the anchor and the, the con the discussions are so clipped and surface level and cable. You don't have two hours to sit there and just meander and like, think aloud and have a funny moment and drop a swear if it's authentic to you. You know, it's like you, the whole system's set up to keep you in a box. Yep.


And so many of them, and you see this everywhere, they're just reading the prompter and they're waiting for the break and then they're waiting for the next break and then they're waiting for the show to end so they can leave. There's no sense of, I'm so excited to be here with my audience, I'm so excited to, to talk to you and that that's true of, of younger anchors and reporters, but it's true of some of the very experienced people. They're not, they don't seem to be actually in the moment enjoying what they're doing. And so it seems inauthentic. It's true. And not just that, but Brit Hume used to say to me, there are a lot of news actresses in this business. You are not one of them. Right. But it's true for men too. There are news actors too. These are like people who are failed Hollywood wannabes who settled for TV so they could see their mugs on television and feel important and they're not excited to be there.


They just wanna be a star. So for them it's about a performance as opposed to, oh my gosh, I'm excited about the news, I can't wait to talk to you about the news. Which I think is closer to how you feel about it. And, and yeah, me too. Either I'm excited about it or I am, I need the show as my therapy. It's a catharsis to set the record straight on what's out there. Right. So you mentioned Britt. I had the honor of sitting next to Britt in the a, b, C News White House booth for the first year or so of the Clinton administration. And Britt is one of the, I'd say the top five people I learned from about broadcast television, how to be a broadcaster, but also how to navigate the, the complexities of working with 200 people to get a story on the air. I'll tell you my favorite Brit story.


Bri used to work for the, the, the investigative columnist, Jack Anderson. And he said Jack Anderson called, told him that when you called someone's phone to, called someone on the phone to, to, to try to get an in interview with them. And the back then you had to call someone's landline and assistant would answer and the assistant would say, may I tell Mr So-and-so what it's in reference to. Britt said, Jack Anderson Tom to say malfeasance. And he said they always call, they always called back. I learned a lot from Brit, including humor. And that's what I wanna ask you about next because I study successful broadcasters and I think about what are the elements of their brand, what is it that people find appealing and, and I I listen to what people say they find appealing about you. You know, you're interesting, you're honest, you're authentic, you have a great nose for news, You know where the interesting stuff is, but you're hilarious.


Okay. Your your, your show is so funny. You are so funny. And so first I'm, I'm wondering what your comedy inspirations are e either people in news or they're comedians you like who, whose style you, you, you maybe emulate or, or think about and animate you. That's that's very nice of you to say thank you. I would say no, there's, I mean I love comedy and I love comedians, but there's nobody I style myself after. I would just say I come from a long line of funny people, they come by it naturally. And maybe some small percentage of that has rubbed off on me. My nana was hilarious, my mom is very funny, my brother's hysterical. And it was just, You know, it's like one of those Irish Catholic things where you sit around the kitchen table and you just mock each other mercilessly for your whole lives.


So it comes naturally and the news is just so ripe for humor. If you can, if you can keep that arms distance between yourself and it then, You know, it's one of those many days laugh or cry things, but I don't think I would enjoy the news anywhere as much as I do if I couldn't laugh at the absurdity of it. And I think that's one of the things that's helped me over the years. I remember one time the New York Times was doing a profile on my show when I was at Fox in primetime and I, I gave her a quote at the end of the show saying something like, we talked about ISIS and men in cages. I mean, it was the worst of the ISIS times and we had a lot of laughs and somehow, You know, we were able to do that in our 42 minutes of content on the air here and there.


And now I, You know, here I try to do the same. You know, you gotta keep laughing. Alright. If you think about not current day comedians, but like Lucille Ball, Joan Rivers, Ernie Kovac, who's like a classic comedian whose style and, and He, I like, I love Joan Rivers. Yeah. I absolutely adore Joan Rivers. I know there's so many, I mean Andrew Schultz right now is so funny. He's so yeah. Raunchy but hilarious. I absolutely love him. Tim Dylan's hysterical. You know, I love Sebastian Maniscalco. Jim Brewer, he's so good. I like, You know, I like a little raunchy, a little off color. Yeah, for sure. There've been a lot. I love the Comedy Cellar. I go there. No BS a great guy. So more of that the better and just grew up watching those, You know, like Mash, we watched that all the time.


The Jeffersons, all these classic comedies that were on in in our, in our house growing up. Growing up. And and when you started in news, do you consider yourself to be a funny person? I wouldn't go that far. I, I would say I have a very healthy sense of humor, but I don't really think I'm actively funny. I mean, I'm good for a laugh here or there. I'm gonna build a clip reel of your funniest moments from the last two weeks and I'll, I think I'll be able to make the compelling case that you are, are a very funny person. Alright. When you think about just broadcasting skills, who, who, who have you learned from? Who is either by example or instruction? Who has taught you how to be a great broadcaster? Well, I would definitely say Britt's been a huge influence, same as you point out.


He taught me the, the nuts and bolts of being a good reporter and being relentlessly factual and upgrading your information, keeping it tight, all that. And just never stop questioning the lines in your report. Can they be better, can they be tighter? Can they be more right than they are right now? And his wife Kim too, is a mentor, one Of Brit's, one of the best TV script writers in the history of the medium. Yeah. And merciless in a great way, You know? Yeah. That's what I hope my team would say about me. I'm merciless in a great way too, I think. Yeah, because I don't let up on them. You know, we're working on this am update show, which we do every day. And my poor producer, I love her, she's great, but I'm just relentless on her like, no, no, no, we can, we can upgrade, we can do better, we can, but it's, it's toward service and of the audience.


That's how Britt was in terms of role models. There's nobody better in my view. Like there's the person I admired most, he's no longer with us, but by far was Mike Wallace. I just thought that's it right there. That's how it should be done with charisma and fortitude and the willingness to challenge anybody, but in a way where you could get away with it. You know, like you didn't have to emerge with the jugular, but you kind of did. But still there was a gentlemanly dynamic between Wallace and most of his guests, which I admired. It's very, very tricky. So I really Loved him. Did did you spend time with him or that's just studying him on camera? No BS just studying him.


I didn't, I mean, I know his son Chris Wallace fairly well. Yeah, of course. Or did when I was at Fox. But loved him when I was very young. I loved Oprah and the young, Oprah was great. She was a great, great, great interviewer. That was before she got completely drunk on her own wine became hard partisan and then now in today's day and age has totally overestimated her current day. Relevance. So my love affair with the old Oprah is over, but it doesn't diminish her early work and how talented she Was. I totally agree. If you go back and look, even when she was in Baltimore as a local anchor, she was an incredible communicator and her sense of how to communicate and, and sort of engage the audience was phenomenal. Is there anybody today on the air who you think is a, is a, is a very compelling broadcaster?


Well, I like Jesse Waters on Fox a lot. Like I That's the one show that's on t TV news, like cable news right now. Yeah. That I would watch. I can't think of What, what do you, anyone else? What do you think? I, I'm not what what would you list as, as Jesse's brand besides humor is obviously a big part of it. He, yeah, and he's, he, he too knows what the news target is. He's good at finding himself right over the right, the proper target and approaches it with cleverness and factual, You know, backup. And he is pretty fearless, which is important in today's day and age. Alright. How am I doing? Asking you questions? You've never been asked. 50%. You're doing Very well. Alright, here we go. Let's keep going. This is a, this is what we call the very skillful, this is what we call the rapid round human interest section.


Who is living, you've never met who you'd like to meet and why? Living never met. I mean, I, I'm sorry, but it's Meghan Markle. She and I need to sit down across from one another and we will break the internet. Can I come to that? Yes. Like I'll be, I'll be your, I'll be your graphics pa or I'll help with hair and makeup. I would like to be there for that. Have you come Close. Literally everybody would watch that. Have you come close to meeting her? Well I should have gone. I was in the time 100 The zoo. Yeah. And she was too, which is also ridiculous. And they invited me to go to this like summit the day before where they interview you about how important you are and I said no. And naturally she said yes. So we could have crossed paths if I had just been more self-aggrandizing. Do you have your booking request in?


I gotta be honest, I haven't actually submitted that because the futility of it seems obvious, So. Well so you're saying the person you'd most like to meet you haven't even asked to meet even though you could? No, No. It's one of those things where it might be too important to me to continue to be able to make fun of her. Like, I don't know if I could make up or like patch things up or somehow be wooed by her mark because being able to mock her is too important to me. I've never met her, but I think that chances that she would melt your heart in when you over are de minimis. I Think you're right. That's what I would say. Alright. What's a place you've never been that you'd like to go and why? Mm, I'd love to go to Japan. I've never, you've never been to Japan? Never Been to, I've never been to Asia.


And You know where else though, domestically, I've never been to Pacific Northwest. Never. Never Seattle, Portland. These Are, these, these are massive holes. Megan. I I know, I know. I haven't had a lot Of time. I've, I've been to Japan like 25 times. It's my favorite place. What? It's my favorite place in the world. No, let's, let's all go, let's take the kids and, and I'll show you around. Let's Make an MK Media excursion Best architecture, best food, best service economy. It's an incredible place. Incredible. Yeah. It's definitely on my bucket list. Go. Alright. Alright. It it, it takes a little while to get there, by the way. What, so I hear Alright. What is the greatest movie of all time? Mm. I mean, are we talking my favorite or just definitively the greatest movie?


Your, Your fate. Your greatest. For you, what is your, your Favorite movie? My favorite movie of all time is Willy Wonka in the Chocolate Factory. The original. The original. I'm obsessed. I've never even seen the imitations. I refuse. Yeah. How are you in imitating the Wonka in the final scene near the final scene when Charlie walks in and he says, good day sir, can you do that? He says, you bumped into the ceiling, which now has to be cleaned and sterilized So you get nothing, you lose, he says. And also, good day snow shines a good deed in a weary world. Yeah. That's a sweet moment. Do, are you so in love with that movie that you can differentiate between the MPAs or they're all pretty much the same?


I can differentiate. I've actually spoken with one of the MPA lumps, if you must know, and I watched the whole movie four years ago next to the real Verruca Salt. Come on. Julie Don Cole, who's now all grown up and living in London and she came to my hotel and we watched it together. We decorated the whole thing with Willy Wonka apparatus and we kicked balloons together like she does in that one scene. Is there A video of that? Is there a video in this? Yes. I'll give it to you. You can, you can lay it in here. I'd like to see that. Lay it in here. We sang her song. I Want it all. I mean I peaked, that was it. I had peaked, it was my 50th birthday present. Alright. Based on that, I think I might know the answer, but let's say Charlie was not eligible to win of the other kids who was most deserving.


Oh wow. Well, no, it wasn't Verruca for sure. She was the worst. Yeah, not a goose are. I guess I'd have to go with Mike tv. I mean, what did he do Mike tv. Just watched a bunch of tv. Like that's Yeah. Has, that's really not, not So bad. Has your, how's your Mike TV imitation? I'm trying to think. He had a lithp, So you have to incorporate that. Yeah. Like Dad says, I can't have a real one. Not to You're 12 son. Something like that. Not bad. Did you have a favorite of the grandparents? Well, of course his Grandpa Joe. I mean, the other three just sat in the bed. They didn't even try to get out, so that was sad. But I do love the parents who are brought along on the tour inside the Wonka factory.


You know, there's little lines that I just constantly throw out, like Rockman and off, You know, like you boil him up. I know it. There's so many great ones from that that I, I, I could recite the whole thing from memory when I watch it. You know, like I know every line. And the bargain that my family makes with me is don't do that. Stop, stop doing that. It's annoying. Now. I, I, I believe I remember correctly, you do not fancy yourself as singer. Am I right about that? No, no. I, I think I have a decent speaking voice and I have an absolutely terrible singing voice. Alright. The last thing I'll say about Wonka is when the elevator breaks through the roof, I, I chills every time it happens. Yeah. And every time I watch it just chills.


Well, mark, and You know what else is so great? I mean, it's just, there's so much to love about the movie. I mean, I think one of the reasons I love it so much is because I watched it when I was a kid and I watched it a lot after my dad died when I was 15. And it kind of reminds me of a time where, I don't know, I was just feeling connected with my family. Yeah. And it's about the, You know, terrible people getting their comeuppance and good people getting rewarded for their goodness. So there's a basic morality to it as well. But the, the last line of the movie is Wonka saying to Charlie Bucket, don't forget what happens to the boy who suddenly got everything he always wanted. Yeah. He lived happily ever after. Yeah.


And I think about that all the time. Like, if, if you just persevere, right? If you, if you are a good person, if you don't chase false gods, if you just live by your own moral code to the best of your ability. I believe that last line. I believe it's possible. It's the Wonka Life lesson. Our two more Wonka things. First, I am so loyal to the original in general and I have no use for the, what's that guy's name? Johnny Depp. No use to Johnny Depp. But I will tell you, Shaima is pretty good if you don't consider it like a, a a, You know, a blight on the original. Yeah. Chala MA's pretty good. Yeah. Last thing, I love to play the version of the equivalent of the Newlywed game between anchors and their producers.


I love to see when they, so here's my question. Do Yeah, we're doing that. Just one question. Will Steve Krakau say after this, I can't believe Mark wasted 10 minutes talking about Wonka. Or will he say, this thing is awesome, it's gonna go viral. Which do you think Steve will say? The latter. He'll love it. He'll love it. Okay. Yes. Steve, are you on? Steve, are you there? I'm chime in. I can't wait to find out. Alright, last two. 'cause we're up against the clock. This happens even, even on the internet. What was the biggest break of your career? And I don't want you to say when you Fox hired you. 'cause that's too easy. Besides that. No, It wasn't, it, that wasn't the biggest break anyway. Okay. It was what's, yeah. When I had, when I had made a resume tape, but no one knew who I was, I had no connections in news.


I, I was just a frustrated lawyer. I didn't know what to do. And I was, I had one of those moments where I was like, I'm never gonna get into news. I'm 32, which I thought was old. And I'm like, I know nobody. And then one day, mark, I stayed home and I almost never ever call home sick, call in sick to work during my law career or as a TV broadcaster. I really, genuinely have to be throwing up all day for me not to go to work. And I was, and I had on Lifetime television, mark Halprin. Yes, it's true. I was living in Baltimore, Maryland and I watched the Jessica Savage story on Lifetime tv.


And it was that story of this amazing broadcaster who came up in the time of Connie Chung. Yeah. Who made it in a man's world when it was impossible to do so. And she, she did it. And I thought, You know what, if she could do it, then why can't I do it now? And I started cold calling news directors and it was Bill Lorde who is the news director at WJLA, the A BC affiliate in Washington, which also happened to have a lesser known cable channel News Channel eight. And I thought maybe I could, yeah. I thought maybe I could get hired at News Channel eight, not even realizing that there was a chance he could put me on a B, C. And that guy I agree. I convinced him to let me drop off my resume in person, which was huge because I knew given my nine years of law practice, I could talk my way into the job.


And I did. That was the biggest break. What's the biggest break you've had since you left NBC? Hmm. I mean, I guess look, if they didn't have the madness of the George Floyd mania in 2020, I might still be sitting on the couch. It was the insanity that the, that the country came under that got me up and off my couch and willing to broadcast in my children's playroom with no video camera and two listeners. So in a way that was a break for me that the news cycle, right. Came in and just touched on all these things that are really important to me, like fairness and justice and due process and facts about cops that were being misrepresented left and right, that I got off that couch and started what turned out to be a good show.


Finally, I know you've never been asked this one, what's your best advice for me in succeeding in this world? Well, you're an excellent interviewer. That's, I think you just proved that, but I think your thoughts on the news and politics are what people are gonna tune in for. So if I were you, I'd open, and I know you, you've been doing a lot of this, but I would open every show with at least 20 minutes of what Mark Halpin thinks about the news stories, because everybody will listen to that. Alright. Megan couldn't be more grateful to you for spending this time for your Wonka reminiscence, but also again, for giving me the opportunity to be part of your growing network. Grateful to you. The pleasure is all my Mark. Keep going.


This the show is already a huge success. We've been thrilled you far exceeded our expectations for a month into launch. And I know it's just blue skies ahead.


I wanna tell you about Lean created by a doctor and university researcher to match the goals of GLP ones, but without the injections. Lean says the studied ingredients, their product in their product are shown to lower blood sugar, radically reduce appetite and burn fat by converting it into energy. If you are struggling to lose weight, lean might be for you. Let me share a few testimonials So you can hear about their results. A customer named Patty says that it's the first weight loss product that's actually curbed her appetite. Two more testimonials. Emphasize how Lean can be a lifesaver after years of weight loss struggles. It's even helped one customer increase their energy. So consider trying it yourself. If it sounds right for you, you can get started with 20% off by using code MK twenty@takelean.com. That's code MK twenty@takelean.com. Again, take lean.com. Results vary. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA and are not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease. And they're not a substitute for care from a healthcare provider.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual


Life insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com. Paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers.


I am beyond honored and so excited to have Megyn Kelly, my fellow astronaut, expanding her resume as an actress, a producer, non-pro. Like what Can't this woman do is now, is now a guest on the nerve. Look at this. Thank you. Thank you Mk, for coming on the show. I so appreciate it. I mean, I'm everywhere. I'm the two of us are everywhere, but we're making it happen, Maureen. I love it. I love it too. I love it too. And I have been dying to talk to you about Michelle Obama's ongoing midlife meltdown. Like her st like as you put it, her ste sous hairdos the the utterance the other day.


She says she's transitioning. I, I mean I think we both know what she's trying to do by using that word. Yeah. I mean, what do you make of all of this? Like what's going on in that psyche? I think that that transitioning line was meant to get attention because her podcast is failing. No one wants to watch it and she's not used to that. You know, she's used to being the center of attention. Everyone's interested in me. I don't have to try hard. And so now she, she's embarrassed. And so I think she's intentionally dropping these little, You know, nuggets in these podcasts just so she can get pick up and talking here and there about her marriage because she knows that she'll get pick up if she talks about him. You know, it's kind of like Meghan and Harry where it's like the man is the star and the woman is kind of the gl She's like the also ran, like we're interested in her to the extent she's gonna tell us about him.


And she knows that. So she's working it, but she can't hide her general morose nature. So the more you tune into these clips, nevermind that show. And I actually have tried to watch it 'cause it's our business. It's terrible. She's the most depressing person to spend time with. So it's gonna continue failing. 100%. I mean she for well for one thing, the transitioning thing struck me so strangely because this is the, this is the third rail on the left, right? Like, like the, the people who call, You know, Michelle Obama knows this, that like online, there's a cohort of people that call her Big Mike.


Yes. And who maintain that she is a guy, is a dude. Okay. That's what they maintain. I'm just saying. That's right. And so she's very cynically using this word and then she's gonna turn around and be like, how dare you interpret it that way. That is such an a disgusting misreading of everything I'm saying. I go high when they go low. Right. But she's going low. Yeah. Well, I mean, that was a lie to begin with. And You know, tell it to your husband who showed up at that Democratic campaign office when people weren't rallying behind Kamala Harris and called a bunch of Democrat voters, half of whom were men, half of whom were black racist and sexists because they weren't getting behind Kamala Harris.


Like, that doesn't seem like going high to me. And her husband and she have been out there suggesting Trump is Hitler. She wouldn't even go to Trump's inauguration. It doesn't seem like the high road. So she wants credit for taking the high road, even though of course she hasn't. And she doesn't, and it's not where she spends her time. It's just like anything, Maureen, You know, like you and I, we wouldn't be out there being like, we only take the high road and we have nothing to compensate for. We're perfectly content on the low road and we'll make no apologies for it while we're there. She's like, she's dishonest, right? So she's gotta say she's something other than what she is. Same way Anna Winter had to pretend she understands the black experience because she decided to do black dandyism this year, even though there are no blacks running fashion houses.


And even when they've come, come under the microscope, she's kept it down to a minimum. So in any event, I think she's a hypocrite. I think she's false, but I think the thing that's genuine about her is her depression, her unhappiness, her self-loathing and her loathing of him. Oh, 100%. And I think the Meghan Markle analogy is completely correct. I think we're seeing it now, like hilarious Baldwin is becoming much more aggressive against her husband because she's got the leverage now. Yes. Yes. Like it's cheaper to keep her like he can't divorce her. Like these cases have bankrupted him. So she's out there talking, she's spilling all of his personal secrets.


Like I'm gonna get into this book she just wrote, but she's spilling all of his personal secrets and snapping at him on red carpets and basically saying, I run this show, people are interested in me, not you. And just like those other two, she has not an original thought in her head. She has absolutely nothing to say. She has nothing to offer. She is in deep rage that she is well-known only because of the marriage she made. And I think really resents the person she decided to marry. And with Michelle and Meghan Markle and I, hilarious, unusual because we're, the bulk of the media is still pretending. Like she didn't tell us she was from Spain, she just likes to adopt Spanish accent.


Great Story. Ever. Greatest story ever. But there's, there's something about these two women in particular, rich beyond their wildest dreams. They got a level of fame they never would've gotten on their own. And I don't, I I don't know how I, I don't know what is going on in there. You know, I think there are people who will never let themselves be happy. And I think there are people who are comfortable in a state of grievance and martyrdom and rage. I see. I, this drives me nuts because I know a lot of rich women, rich because they married a rich man and they're fine, they're cool, they're thrilled. You know, they don't run around like overcompensating all the time or trying to like prove to everybody.


I am also special. I'm special too. They're like, my life's grand. I got got these nice cars and this nice house and this, You know, guy who takes care of me. Like that is the way to do it if you decide to do it. What happened in both of these cases is they, they shot, You know, for the moon and they got it. You know, Harry landed the elephant. She got her Prince and Michelle got, You know, the star at Harvard who was very clear, was going to be making a huge impact in Democrat politics. And then they spent the rest of the time seemingly resentful or even jealous. Like that's what I detect from these two women. Like there's an envy by them toward their husbands for being the main stars to the point where now Meghan Markle has almost like rearranged it all.


You know, Dan Wooten was on my show the other day saying he's now realized he's the, he's the spare to her. She's so used, his fame and connections and his ability to help her make money that she's re-engineered the whole thing to where she's the breadwinner and he is just the whipped loser back at the house, which is exactly what Michelle Obama would kill for. She doesn't want Barack Obama in the headlines anymore. She wants it to be her. And so she's crapping all over him while still kind of using the Obama name at the time in the White House to make herself relevant.


Right. And so, like, I, this is why I think this is just one long tease. Like, I think she wants out, I think he would be happy to be done with her. Okay. Yes. Like is he like paying his penance for becoming the first black president and like seeming to be like a kind of decent guy? Like is he paying his penance because Michelle isn't as great as he is and she never will be, so he's just gonna suck it up until, is he gonna let her be the one to file? I just, I, I just find this, I I never seen such deep loathing on the public state. I was, I was trying to think of any other famous person who's gone through a divorce. I mean, I don't think since Woody and Mia, frankly, it's been something like this disgusting, You know, like, have your dignity Do, I mean, other than someone who's a sworn enemy of yours, have you ever talked that negatively about somebody uniformly, You know, like you can never say anything nice about them.


It's like, okay, now there are public figures who we don't like and we criticize, but like someone who's in your life, right? Who you get asked about, like, it's just so bizarre. I don't, and and her defense now because it's coming in the news, You know, like that her negativity about him has made news, not just with the s and the me of the world and her defense. Now she keeps sliding in here and there is, it's me trying to humanize him and try and humanize Him. And m was like, okay, Barack Obama is one of the most recognizable, famous people in the world. We don't need you anymore to make introductions for Barack Obama or to humanize him anymore. Like, we know who he is. It's a, it's a known commodity.


Like we, it's very clear you're doing it because you can't stand him. And what I've found is I listen to her go on and on about how bad he is and how bad about how bad her life is and how the White House sucked. She's just like, Meghan Markle, my castle is too small. And then there's Michelle Obama, the White House made me pay for my own groceries. Like these two entitled have it all people. The more I really start hoping that he is having that affair with Jennifer Aniston. That's who could blame him. I mean, I, who could blame him? I mean, I actually really did love your theory that when I was in your studio, it was maybe a couple of months ago and you were like, I don't think his next great romance is with a woman.


Yeah. Right, right. If I heard it was like, I don know some other, some guy who worked in his garden. I might believe it now. No, that is, that is absolutely the point. And when I heard you the other day taking this apart where she was bitching about having to buy her own groceries while she was living for free in the White House, a staff that was paid for, I didn't even know prior to her latest bitch sesh that the first lady has her own plane and that it's called Bright Star. Right. But she still found a way to complain about it. It's like, so let me just get this straight. We, the people moved you and your whole family into the White House.


We gave him Air Force one, we gave you your own plane. You were in a 55,000 square foot mansion with an 18 acre estate around you, your own rose garden, your own staff, your own wing, You know, she's got the east wing. Okay. All of that you're universally beloved and celebrated and put on magazine covers. You name your own book Becoming Who Does that? Okay? But you're still celebrated as one of the world's most lovely and loved people. Okay. And you're still unhappy about what, again, about the fact that when the girls ride on the plane, the, you have to pay the, the, the equivalent of an airline ticket for them. And you have to pay for your own food like every other human alive, like all of us, right?


Like who's going to finish? She's so outta touch. She doesn't realize we're not gonna feel sorry for her for having to pay for her groceries and her kids' airlines. The ball's on her, no pun intent. You know, I'm just saying like the, the nerve, the nerve, the nerve To say I had to pay for my groceries. Like all of us do. Is she paying for like gas and electric in the White House? I doubt it. No. Is she paying for the pool guy to clean the in-house White House pool or the bowling alley or the screening room where they have movie stars come and get first run pictures of whatever they wanna see? No, no and no. Right? No. She doesn't even have a stop in traffic. And even now she's like, You know, but I really deeply worry.


I worry about my country and my daughters, not me. I have my four car motorcade and law enforcement following me everywhere. I'm Michelle Obama, but my daughters, they're only barely recognizable and they're brown. So they could be picked up at any moment by this evil Trump's department and sent off to El Salvador. So I'm deeply worried about my two privileged daughters and all brown people in America because the country's racist. You see the country that made me at least a hundred millionaire, probably a closer to a billionaire now is racist to its core. Poor me, I was screwed over in the White House, I'm still getting screwed over. And poor brother Craig is there. Like, it's even worse than you thought Sister Michelle as, as bad as you think you had it, you had it even worse.


Like her enabler, codependent brother, Her brother frankly seems terrified of her. He really does. Like every time he, he dares to gently contradict her, she'll be like, Nope, that's not the way it happened. And he'll be like, you're right, you're right. Yes. Yes. You know, like when, when, when he was like, well, You know, maybe if we knew, if we knew you weren't feeling great, You know, like we guys, we would say something. Yes. And then of course she's like, we shouldn't have to ask, we shouldn't have to tell you, You know, snapped back. But like you should just figure it out. She totally did. She also criticized him and You know, men in general for the way they interpersonally relate, right?


Like if they have a friendship conflict, men among men, they just sort of hash it out. They forget it. It's a bygone. It is never revisited. They never exhume that grievance. And she's saying she thinks that's the wrong way to go in life because Michelle, the master of grievances, likes to hash that shit out. She likes to beat that carcass further into the ground and she will not let go. And you have to have like a multi-day summit and then revisit that maybe months down the road. And she's saying that's the healthy way to be. Yeah. So that's the difference between her spouse who doesn't seem to put up with her nonsense and her endless wanting, You know, to have these talks about everything and Meghan's spouse because Meghan married somebody who is not well, Meghan Markle, like Prince Harry is a weak, damaged man who doesn't have the inner strength that Barack Obama has.


Even though, I mean, listen, I understand Barack Obama's fault and the vein and all like just sure of all of that. But he doesn't have like such a tiny ID the way Harry does who does like ha he doesn't really have a fundamental sense of himself. And so he was so easy for Meghan Markle to manipulate. All she needed was that first meeting. She was totally right that it, he would be like putty in her hands that he would buy. He's too dumb, You know? Of course he bought every act she delivered hook line and sinker her little ingenue. I'm so sweet and innocent. I don't even know who the queen is. I had no idea you were a prince. And he ran with it.


He was so easy to manipulate. But Barack is stronger. So Michelle has gone like further into the doldrums of like, the only thing miserable, miserable people want is to make others miserable too. And she can't seem to do it with him. She, You know, she's only gotten more angry in my opinion because she can't do it to him. He's got too big a life. He's too important to too many people and she's not his only company And he will not take the bait, he will not allow himself to be debased this way. Like he's kind of gray rocking it. He's not responding to any of it. Yeah. And he does strike me fundamentally as an optimistic person. He strikes me as somebody who really enjoys life.


Yeah. You know, and like he, he's not gonna get down in the mud with this. And I think you're right. I think it, I think his lack of response is sending her into a further and further rage spiral because she can't get what she wants. Any attention is better than no attention. And it, it goes to her husband, it goes to her fi flailing podcast. It goes, she's got nothing to offer us anymore. Yeah. I mean, how, how can she still be so angry about America? That's my big point. Like, it's like I, okay, you don't like him. You married the wrong man. You're on your podcast talking about how well sometimes there's a bad decade in a marriage. No, there isn't. No, there isn't. Those marriages end in divorce. That's, that is not a thing Michelle, sorry to tell you.


But, so she's out there, but she's still mad at the country. Like you hear her, she effort makes a positive reference to the United States or her experience of it. It's always about how racist we are. We elected her husband twice. Twice and celebrated her. I mean she still, to, as far as I know, to this day is one of the most popular figures in the country. It's never enough. She's so much happier talking about her anger and her disappointment in the failure that we all are to her. 100%. And in that vein, I wanted to know your thoughts about the bonkers BBC interview that Harry gave this week or last Friday, but it's got legs for days in which he says two, two things that do not go together.


He implies that the British royal family had something to do with Diana's death, that they would like to see grievous harm. We know what that means. Come to Harry and Meghan and their two small, innocent children and also that he would love to get back in, Would love Nothing more than to get back in. Yes. This is why I love you, Maureen. Doesn't everyone love the nerve? I genuinely love the show. I have not missed one. Thank you. So you, you're right. They're not the, these two things are incongruous and because one of them, and that means one of them is not true and the one that is not true is his desire for reconciliation. He does believe all those things. I think he actually does believe them.


I think it stems back to his childhood trauma, which was genuine at the loss of his mother, the way she died. And unlike William, who also had the same trauma and was only a couple of years older than Harry dealt with it. Like he dealt with it and went on to have a relatively, it looks like from the outside anyway, healthy family life in his own, You know, created family. And Harry has not been able to get over it. And I almost think like the way if your parents abuse you, you'll marry an abuser. You know, like there's something psychologically that makes Yep. Makes you like need a redo over and over hoping for another outcome. He's like you, the way he talks about something happening happening to him or Megan.


It it's got like a hopeful tinge to it. You can sense he, he almost wants something to happen so that he can be like I told you, see it's my mother all over again. Like, he needs it. Like he needs to feel special. He needs to feel under attack. She does too. I mean, they create these fake dramas around them to try to, You know, it's, it's almost like Maureen, I remember when I was a little kid, I might have broken a toe. I don't know. I went with it. I, it's broken. I'm like, I need a cast. I mean crutches. You know, I couldn't wait to go into school because I loved detention.


And I was like, right, right. This is gonna attract all sorts of attention to me now. I was still in the single digits when I did this. And now like with my kids, I can see it happening from a mile away when they do it, they can get away with nothing. But that's how he still is. And Meghan Markle too, like he needs the drama of like, they're out to get us. They wanna kill us. The the press is gonna lead to Meghan getting killed, just like my mother. All the stuff I just mentioned is like combined to create this delusional, paranoid, sad sack that used to be a sought after prince. And now it's just sort of like a charity case where you're like, oh, oh, oh.


It's, it's, it's, you're so right about that sort of arrested behavior. You know, I think William, one of the healthiest things he did, part of him falling in love with Catherine Princess of Wales, I really think had to do with her family of origin. And they were intact and they were loving and they seemed to have a very healthy emotional sort of relationship amongst all of all of them. And he was very attracted to that. And I think he found that normalcy and that groundedness and, and the things that, You know, he was maybe lacking given his birthright and Harry meanwhile was just left to stew in it. And I think the thing too that you're saying is so right on, and it's so perverse.


'cause like in that BBC interview, he was bragging that like on the, on the threat hit list, he's number one. Yeah. Like he's right. Like sure. I I I would not be bragging about that if I, if, if if a government agency came to me and said, You know what Maureen, suddenly for whatever reason you're like at the top of a list of people who are gonna be like in grave danger, I would be like, now that you're an astronaut, not let me not publicize that. Right, right, right. Like that doesn't seem bright. Right. No, he's, I've never seen somebody so anxious to disclose his alleged security threats. I mean it's, it is strange. Like I actually had a very, very dark period when I first became a journalist where I developed a very bad stalker. I was, nobody knew who I was.


I was on the weekend shifts on Fox, but I happened to be the one whoa Person. Nobody knew. You weren't that famous yet. Not at all. Not at all. But you just happened to be the one person who developed this very dangerous stalker. And now I've talked about it this 20 years ago, right? It's a long resolve. The guy who went to jail for 10 years, but at the time I would rather be caught dead. I was like, hell no. Anything I say could like encourage the person or create another such person or like, if you're actually under threat and genuinely afraid for your safety, you don't wanna go anywhere near that discussion. And the whole lawsuit with the family and the security that was just his attempt to, to like win, You know, to punish them to say like, you're not in control of me.


Like I will get what I'm entitled to. I'm a prince of England, You know, I will have it because we all know, number one, he has the money to pay for private security. All the private security he wants right now. It's true. You cannot arm them in Great Britain. They're not allowed to carry guns. So that's a diminishment of full protection. But it's what Taylor Swift has to deal with. It's what Tom Cruise has to deal with. It's what every massive star, way more famous than Harry has to deal with when they go to the uk. And speaking of stalkers, I guarantee you Taylor Swift is in far more danger at any public appearance than Prince Harry's. So, but, but the second point, Dan wouldn't told me and he, he's, he broke Meg, he's broken all these big royal stories that the, the king said to Harry, okay, queen Elizabeth said, you cannot have the security the same as you would if you were working royal.


We cannot look at the taxpayers and tell them they have to foot that bill. Right. Since you're not doing any work for us and you've fled the coop and you're trying to make money off of all our stories on Netflix, but whenever you come here, you can stay in Buckingham Palace. Yes. And you'll get all the security that comes with that. And Harry refuses to do it. Even though Maureen, no one's in Buckingham Palace, William and Kate are at a different palace and so are Charles and Camilla. So we'd have Buckingham Palace to himself with all the security and he still is on the BBC going Boo fucking who feel sorry for me.


Incredible. Such a great point. And like, let's say even a family member happened to be in Buckingham Palace. It's like you could conceivably never see them. Okay. You've got like 85 rooms and staff and foot soldiers and it's all gonna be fine. I wanted to ask you the Diddy trial, we are in day four. It's, it's happening in New York City. They are still winnowing down this jury pool. And the judge in the case said that the celebrity names that are documented and submitted to the court are like this thick. He compared it to the Lord of the Rings book. Okay. So the, have you heard about some of the celebrity names that have come out? I heard it on the nerve.


I I I think you were talking about on your last episode, and then the latest I heard was that she wasn't a celebrity witness, but she was the key. One of the key accusers has gone missing. What? Yeah, I didn't hear that. Yeah. That she was supposed to show up and they can't find her. And there's a search, I don't know if she's absconded like she's having second thoughts about testifying or there was even just a miscommunication issue that caused her not to show up. But I'm sure people are very intimidated about walking into that courtroom and testifying against him. I mean, I have an even more sinister thought That, that somebody did away with her. Yeah. I, I I mean look More intimidated her to the point that she fled for her life.


Yeah. Well Look, we, we saw him beat his ex-girlfriend and then we read the allegations from the, the main ex-girlfriend who's like one of the main accusers in this case. Cassie, who's gonna take the stand and then, You know, allegedly setting the car on fire of the kid Cudi. Kid Cuddy. Yeah. They liked the same person, You know, the, the same woman. Like if he's capable of all of that, allegedly, I mean, we know the beating happened, we saw it with our own eyes in a Hotel hallway. Yeah. Then how far would he go? I like, I don't know. I mean, look, I said this on my show this weekend and it's true. I went to the MET Gala.


I, I went two years Maureen and really what I remember, yes. You know, Anna Winter and I used to be, well no we weren't friends, but she was cozy up to me when she thought Trump didn't like me. She was like, oh, that I must like her. So I went there and the thing I remember most from being there was P Diddy in the restroom of the Met. It was the women's room. That's why I was there. Okay. Dry humping a Kardashian. Like I heard the dry humping anecdote, but I don't think you revealed the name. Yeah, it was, there were multiple Kardashians in there and like that other sort of lame supermodel version, You know, like not the real supermodels like we grew up with, but like these new influencer types.


Right, right. They were all in there. No one was using the bathroom. They were smoking and dry humping and that was P Diddy. Like I'm just saying there's a pattern of disrespect for others in our sacred places and things that should be treated as invi. And it applies to places and it applies to people. And I have no idea what this guy's capable of, but I think it's probably worse than we can even imagine. So if I were in the SDNY I'd be really seriously considering getting all of my witnesses protection and making sure that neither he nor his people had any way of threatening or accessing them.


Can I just get back to the Met bathroom for a moment? Yeah. The, the important part of this story. Yes. So Pity's in Pity Diddy is in p whatever Pity works Dry humping a Kardashian as other Kardashian siblings are in there watching And smoking. That is So disgusting. Yeah. Like the smoking is less disgusting than like, I mean In The Met your siblings watching you engage in a sexual act. It's so gross. Well look, it's like the Met you can't smoke in the Met. Like why you if be smoker it's fine. But like truly some of our most secret works of art are inside the Met. There's no smoking. You cannot smoke.


And Doug was in the men's room with two people whose names you would definitely know who are of the tech world snorting coke. Like this is a lovely gala. These are the people who think there are betters who look down at, You know, the great unwashed as like, oh that guy. Exactly. Winter is the Met Gala. But it's no surprise to me that this guy wound up being a complete credent. And I don't know whether SDN Y's got the case made. I really don't. Because, You know, for the same reasons you guys were discussing with the lawyer on your case, on your show the other day. I'm sure he is going to argue. I love sex parties. People love to give it up to me for free. 'cause I was rich and I was a rap mogul and I don't have to force anybody into it.


Like, trust me. Yep. And if you can't criminalize my weird sex parties as a big star, I think that'll be the defense. I think it'll be convicted. But You know, I wouldn't bet money on it, Maureen, because that kind of defense, You know, Harvey Weinstein's doing the same thing right now in another courtroom. And he might get away with it too. Harvey might get away with it. But my other, my other a the other aspect of the defense strategy that I love is, hey, like he loves to buy baby oil in bulk. Like, everybody loves a bargain. Everybody loves to Towels. Yeah. Right. Like, who doesn't live to buy like 12 bounty select size? You know, why not get knock that out. Listen, I, my big takeaway on that was like, I feel like Doug and I might be phoning it in like do I, do I, are you Not having enough sex parties, Megan?


I And like covered with baby oil? Everybody. Should we just be, you've been to my house for a party, Maureen? I like, I feel like we fell down on the job. Well I was anticipating something a little spicier, I will tell you. But You know, I, I made do with Doug's delicious cocktails. Right. Here's Your cocktail and your baby oil. See you in 20 minutes. You Know, it's, I'm easy, I'm easy, You know, I can hang. I'm a good hang I think. Yeah. And so I guess the question then is like, so for my, my last question vis-a-vis Diddy is the celebrity names thus far that has shocked me is Mike Myers. Oh yeah. Mike. My, what is Mike Myers doing running with Diddy and his crew?


Like this nerdy white comic Canadian? Like what's, what, what is that? I know, I guess, I mean, Ashton Kutcher too, which is not really a shock, but like I, I'm not shocked. I don't know, like as You know, people are really dazzled by huge wealth And, and not even just, and, and rock stars have it in a particular way. Like they're almost bigger than our actors. Yeah. Like there's something about them that's like, it's like you could say Tom Cruise is coming to the restaurant and people would swoon for sure. But like if you say like, Rihanna is coming to the restaurant, yeah. You're gonna have to shut down the restaurant.


You're gonna have to get layers of cops. It's just, they're bigger. They're just in a different stratosphere for whatever reason the mystery around them, You know, you feel like, You know the actors 'cause you hear them saying lines and you see them up close and the performers are different. They've just got this incredible talent and they have this whole team around them that builds image. And I just think that people are very susceptible to that kind of a person daning to speak to them, to wanna be with them, to entertain them. And that's why mothers handed over their children like Usher and Justin Bieber. You know, and it's the same thing that led maybe Mike Myers to go into these Diddy parties and allow himself to be in the presence of what may have been open crimes and like a roll of the eyes.


Like I guess this is just how they live and I've been given this chance to peer inside. Yes. You know, it's human nature to wanna see like, what am I being shown? Yes. How bad is it? And I'll tell you one other story on this. There was a woman who told me her, hi Harvey Weinstein story, I'm gonna keep this ambiguous so I don't identify her inadvertently, but he didn't touch her. He was just really gross and did some outrageous things around her. And I asked her like, well why he, he didn't have you like under his control, so why didn't you just like run or turn and leave? And she said, I, I was curious to see how far he was gonna take it. Like it was Harvey Weinstein. Interesting, interesting.


And it was shocking, You know, I'm like, oh my God, look at what he's doing. Is he gonna see this through the end? Like what, how far is he gonna go with this? And I think that element is at play with otherwise normal people going to these Diddy parties too. Like, what is this? I've been given this glimpse and I can't stop looking at it. And next thing You know, you're a witness out of criminal trial being asked to talk About next thing You know you've got a subpoena and you gotta like lay out big bucks for a criminal defense attorney and potentially another identity in another state. It's all fun and games until that point. Exactly. It's all fun and games. Well thank you Megan for coming on the nerve and for dishing with us.


I that met gala story, like you could dine out on, dine out on that forever. The the bathroom thing. And I just, You know, I love you and thank you for all of your support and all of your help as we get our baby show off the ground. It's My pleasure. I have never believed in someone more. Maureen. I know this shows Stop it. Oh my God. Ready a success. Oh my God. It's gonna be even bigger. And we're watching your numbers climb. We're all like, oh my God, look at this woman. It's crazy. But it's such a fun show to listen to. It's like my guilty pleasure. I try to store 'em up for the weekends when I'm like just on my own and I can really enjoy it. And most of my podcasts I play on 2.0 just because I listen to so many.


Sure. I I listen to yours on one point. Oh Maureen, that's new territory. That's that's, Oh my God, I'm, it's all happening Megan. It's all happening. I will see you next time. Perhaps in outer space. Perhaps on Terra Firma. I mean, I was gonna say one could even make the case you're inspirational. You know, one could, I think I I would but I would say, You know, it was your brainchild So you are the inspiration. And I am, I am the gale to your Oprah. I'm really, really proud of me. You should be. You should be. Alright. Okay. I'll see you later. Good to see you. See you soon. Good to see you.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual,


Life insurers put life into the things you live for the new factory that's hiring your neighbors maintenance on the bridge that keeps traffic flowing. The paycheck that puts pizza night on the table. Life insurers contribute $8 trillion to the US economy through bond purchases and other investments. And protect the financial security of 90 million American families like yours. See how life insurers put life into america@acli.com paid for by the American Council of Life Insurers. I.