
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. The media blitz is officially on and now we know why. After practically ignoring the press for the better part of two months, suddenly vice President Kamala Harris and Governor Tim Walls are everywhere. They're everywhere. Right at this moment. We do the show live from 12 to two. She's about to go live on Howard Stern. That's interesting, interesting choice of timing by her.


It's she goes to 60 of course. And at this moment they just finished up. She just finished up over at The View. So now we know. She went to what she could find was the friendliest source over its 60 minutes. Bill Whitaker, who seems like a very nice man without any sharp tools in his arsenal, there was one sharp exchange on immigration that could potentially have ended her campaign. And other than that, he was very nice to her. He was pretty sweet. He, this was let's, they used to call 60 Minutes. They used to call the Mike Wallace, ed Bradley lineup, murderers Row because they would crush you.


It was scary to go on there. Liars would be exposed. No politician was spared because they cared more about the reputation of 60 Minutes as a hard hitting journalistic outfit than they did about promoting somebody's candidacy. My apologies, bill seems like a nice man. But you know what, bill, you're too nice. You were too nice for this particular job and you put on the kid gloves. You took care of her and we all saw it. Anybody who's a journalist or who pays attention to the news saw it. Maybe it'll go harder for her when she appears on Stephen Colbert. Sure, sure. Yeah, sure it will.


Kamala Harris did terribly. She doesn't know anything about foreign policy. I mean, that is one of the things that my you, she knows nothing about foreign policy. When Trump became president, he had been a businessman. He, he had never been a world leader. He traveled the world. He was a businessman. But he, but he figured it out. He figured it out darn quick because he had a lifetime of experience running things, making big decisions, and understanding the world. She's been vice president for almost four years and she still knows nothing. Nothing. It was really kind of stunning to watch how clueless she was on her own economic plans. Her lies about immigration.


And when we veered into Ukraine, China and Israel, I mean it was like blank stares and absolutely no answers. We're gonna go through it. There's a lot at stake in this upcoming election.


But regardless of who is sitting in the White House, the fuse on the economy has already been lit. Even four years of a conservative presidency will not be enough to turn the tide on our $35 trillion national debt. And if the left wins, it will be like throwing gas on a dumpster fire. What can you do? Well, you do have options. You could protect your savings by diversifying into gold. With the help of Birch Gold Group Gold has stood firm in the face of greedy government's, economic upheavals, and global strife. And, it could protect you. Right now, Birch Gold will help you convert an IRA or a 401k into an IRA in physical gold tax free and penalty free And. it doesn't cost you 1 cent out of pocket. In the past four years, the buying power of the US dollar has declined while the price of gold has increased. 40%. Coincidence, tax MK to 9 8, 9 8, 9 8. Get your free info kit on Gold text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Today.


They took about 30 minutes to go through the Kamala Harris interview with Bill in including commercials. It was longer than that And. it had many cuts. You could see there were gentle pushback moments from Bill. Mm. He's been her go-to correspondent at CBS when she goes over there. That's who she likes to sit with. There's a reason for that. This marked her third sit down with him. But when it came time to actually answering the questions, she once again stuck to her script, which nine times outta 10 meant saying nothing. Alright, so we have two guests who are gonna come on in just a bit and we're gonna talk about some stories in the news.


This and her other interviews 'cause she just sat down on a, on The View. I've got story, I got thoughts on that as well. Tim Walls also out there, but I I, I think we should go through the 60 Minutes interview, just you and I together. Alright, so overall the two most telling exchanges came on the economy and immigration. And in those areas, at least in the second area, bill Whitaker did push her. Alright, so I'm gonna get to those, but I'm just gonna start at the beginning in case you missed it. He starts off with, what can the US do to stop war in the Middle East from spinning out of control?


Fine. What? I mean she has no idea. She gives some anane answer about this is what she does. Often she tries to go back and give you a little history lesson like let, let me take you back because it's great filler it in her mind makes her sound smart. Like she understands the issue and then she gives no policy prescription or forecast whatsoever. So it's great, right? It's just fulfill Phil, I kind of understand some facts about this, but zero offerings in terms of what she intends to do about it. And this is, oh yeah, we have it. Let's watch. What can the US do at this point to stop this from spinning out of control? Well, let's start with October seven.


1200 people were massacred and I maintain, Israel has a right to defend itself and how it does so matters. Far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed. This war has to end. But we supply Israel with billions of dollars in military aid and yet Prime Minister of Netanyahu seems to be charting his own course. Does the US have no sway over Prime Minister Netanyahu? The work that we do diplomatically with the leadership of Israel is an ongoing pursuit around what? Making clear our principles. But, it seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening.


We are not gonna stop. We pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end. Could you do that right now while you're sitting on 60 minutes? Say, say something. What is your plan? So it's so incredibly frustrating to listen to her. The longer version of answer one. What can the us do to stop this? Let's start with October 7th. 1200 people massacred 250 hostages taken, including Americans women, brutally raped. That's good. She admitted that because someone on her side don't. And as I said then Israel has a right to defend itself. We would and how it does so matters. This is a jbe at Israel. Far too many innocent Palestinians have been killed.


They have, that's true. And that too is the fault of Hamas, which she forgot to add. This war has to end. Well yes, Israel also would like the war to end, but they need to finish off their arch enemy that tried to wipe them off the face of the map a year ago. That's what the issue is. Which of course she doesn't acknowledge. Then Whitaker comes back, we supply Israel with billions of dollars in military aid. But Netanyahu seems to be charting his own course. You heard the tail end of this question. The Harris, the Biden Harris administration has pressed him to agree to a ceasefire. He's resisted. Gee, why could that be Bill? What do you mean? I mean like hello. We know why he's resisted. Their country was attacked on a scale that dwarfs, if you look at population level, even nine 11 here, they want to finish off the group that attacked them before they laid down their weapons.


Okay, whatever. He's resisted, you urged him not to go into Lebanon. He went in anyway. Does the US have no sway over Prime Minister Netanyahu again? So what I'm getting at here is this is a leftist framing of the issue. It's a Palestinian like framing of the issue. Like Netanyahu is this rogue agent who won't listen to a Biden Harris administration that really is worried about mini winning Michigan. That's them. That's what they're trying to do here. That's why they're pressuring Netanyahu. They know very well he intends to finish off this terrorist group before he pulls back. But instead it's more fun to appeal to the Palestinian supporters, the Hamas supporters by saying, you know, you've tried to pull this attack dog off of its mission, but apparently you don't have enough sway.


She answers the work that we do diplomatically with the leadership of Israel is an ongoing pursuit around making clear our principles. Huh? What do you have sway or don't you? Is this a long worded way of saying we do diplomatic work with Netanyahu and it's an ongoing pursuit where we make clear our principles. Okay, I got hair in my mouth. Sorry. Lip gloss plus hair. Not a good combo. Okay, bill Whitaker follows up But, it seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening.


Okay, she comes back, we're not gonna stop pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end. What you see, she says nothing the war needs to end because we need to win Michigan and Michigan voters would like the war to end. But the reality is it appears that the Arab voters in Michigan think Trump has a greater likelihood of ending the war because the polls just showed their split right down the middle.


Whereas you would've expected them to favor Harris Biden. They're split right down the middle. And Trump was asked about this issue on Hugh Hewitt's show yesterday. You know, why do you think that is? And Trump said, I think it's because they know I'll end of the war. I'll end it. Okay, so we get her inanity, we're not gonna stop pursuing what is necessary for the US to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end. You've said nothing. Then he says, do we have a real close ally in Netanyahu? And she can't answer that right? Because she's not allowed to tie herself to Netanyahu because the leftists don't like him. So she says, I think with all due respect, the better question is do we have an important alliance between the American people and the Israeli people?


The answer to that is yes. Again, I pointed this out yesterday. We had this question in advance. She won't even say that Israel's an ally. All she can say is the people. Well, you know what's also true? Like the Russian people love us. They do. I've seen it for myself. And a lot of Americans have sympathies for the Russian people who are good, lovely people. That doesn't necessarily mean that we're allies with Russia. So there is just saying that we're allied with the people of Israel doesn't really answer the question that he was getting at. And there's a reason she's trying so desperately to dodge it. Then we switch gears to back to America, alright? And he gets into the American economy and this was a nightmare for several different reasons. Let's take a listen to the, to the cut we have on it.


My plan Bill, if you don't mind, my plan is about saying that when you invest in small businesses, you invest in the middle class and you strengthen America's economy. Small businesses are part of the backbone of America's economy. But, but Pardon me, Madam Vice President I the, the question was how are you going to pay for it? Well one of the things I'm gonna make sure that the richest among us who can afford it pay their fair share in taxes. It is not right that teachers and nurses and firefighters are paying a higher tax rate than billionaires and the biggest corporations.


But we're dealing with the real world here. How are you gonna get this through Congress? You know, when you talk quietly with a lot of folks in Congress, they know exactly what I'm talking about. No they don't. No one does. Literally nobody knows what you're talking about. We've tried. We've tried harder than anyone on this show. We go through it word by word every time you speak. We're still unclear. All right, let me back up. So he gets into the economy and he kicks it off in a question you did not hear, hear there where he says there are a lot of signs. The American economy is doing very well, better than most countries I think, but the American people don't seem to be feeling it. Groceries are 25% higher and people are blaming you and Joe Biden for that.


Are they wrong? So this is actually a present by Bill Whitaker to Kamala Harris. The economy's doing really well, better than most countries, but some people don't seem to feel it and it's probably because of those high groceries. That's what our problems are limited to. Now, high groceries, he knows very well that she has this stupid plan that she all but abandoned because economists on the left and the right came out and said, what the F are you saying or not? There's the groceries. Being high is not a price gouging problem. But that was her very first economic speech. Remember she gave, she got lambasted by the left and the right and she's stuck to it since then as though this is a real plan.


So he gives her the opportunity groceries. You know what the answer to this one is? Kamala groceries are still up 25% higher and some people are blaming you. Are they wrong? This was a gift to her. He absolutely could have done a much harder hitting question on this and I think missed an opportunity. Murderers ro would've done it and just wrote down a couple of stats as I was thinking about how would I have gotten after this? Gas prices are a dollar higher right now per gallon than they were under Donald Trump. Inflation was up 19% for the first several years of the Biden Harris administration under Donald Trump.


It was around 6% for his first 42 months. If you compare the first 42 months for each 19% under you, 6% under under Trump, the stock market right now is producing a, a return of about 11.5%. Under Trump it was 16.5%. Electricity, electricity costs are up 25% versus where they were under Donald Trump. I have news for you, bill Whitaker. It isn't just a feeling that people are having, it's actual expenses that they're seeing in their monthly balance sheet, in their monthly checking account, in their panic when they go yes to the grocery store, but also to the gas station when they check their 4 0 1 ks and when they have to pay their electric bill at the end of the month.


So it's more than just the feels. And when crafting a tough question, you know exactly how to you, you don't leave her wiggle room, you throw the numbers at her, you know, and then it's, it's not are are people wrong about their feeling? It's what do you say to people who look at those statistics and say, I was better off under Donald Trump. That's the question. All right, so what does she say? She's like, great, it appears we're both on the same page about how great things are and she expands right on, right? She says We now have historic low unemployment in America among all groups of people. We have an economy that's thriving by all macroeconomic measures.


I got 10 to one. She doesn't know what macroeconomic means. And to your point, prices are still too high and I know that we need to deal with it, which is why part of my plan, you mentioned groceries bill, which she was like, thank you. Part of my plan is what we must do to bring down the price of groceries. So now they make an edit and Bill jumps in. Just to summarize it. Harris says she'll press Congress to pass a federal ban on price gouging for food and groceries. But details are yet to be defined. Okay? But he does not offer anything along along the lines of the pushback. I just outlined for you that she was ripped by economists on the left.


Remember that Washington Post piece we went through in detail on the show where the woman was like, Hey pro tip, when they're calling you a communist, maybe don't make your first speech about communist like policies including price controls, especially when the grocer's margin is only less than one percentage point on their markups. What exactly is Kamala Harris and Congress going to do to pull back on that huge margin to change things for you at the grocery store? Nothing. There's nothing they can do. Inflation caused the high prices. Her out of control spending caused the high prices and that's the unsaid gorilla between the two of them not raised by Bill Whitaker.


So then he switches to some of what you heard. You wanna expand the child tax credit, you wanna give tax breaks on first time home buyers and to people starting small businesses But, it is estimated by this nonpartisan committee for a responsible federal budget that your economic plan would add 3 trillion to the federal deficit over the next decade. How are you gonna pay for that? She says, well other economists have reviewed my plan versus my opponent and determined my plan would strengthen America's economy. His would weaken it. That is not an answer to how are you gonna pay for it? My plan would strengthen America's economy. His would weaken it. How are you going to pay for it? How are you going to pay for it?


Then she goes on My plan is saying that when you invest in small businesses, you heard this part. When you invest in the middle class filler, filler empty and you strengthen America's economy, small businesses are part of the backbone of the American economy. So to his credit, he does follow up. The question was how are you going to pay for it? And then she goes back to this tired old trope we've heard from Democrats forever. Well one of the things is I'm gonna make sure the richest among us who can afford it pay their fair share in taxes.


It is not right. The teachers and nurses and firefighters are paying a higher tax rate than billionaires and the biggest corporations. That is a lie that is not happening in this economy. The billionaires and the richest among us are paying a much bigger tax rate than the nurses and the firefighters. I mean it's just been documented over and over and over again. And the only way she thinks, and Biden has said in the past that they can get away with this is if you consider unrealized gains on their investments.


So if you say, oh you've got this much money in the stock market and if you cashed out right now with prices being at whatever the stock market being wherever you would make this much money. But as everybody who has a 401k knows that's not the way investments work. Most people keep them in their long term and they use them as a retirement account including a millionaire and they don't withdraw them. You know, nobody knows when peak is going to be and they don't, we don't force them to pay taxes, although she would like to on unrealized gains. So only if you included imaginary profits off of investments that are sitting in the stock market do, can you ever get to even an argument that they have a lower tax rate than anybody?


The reality is that they pay around 30% in their tax rate, those billionaires, those millionaires, all right? You've got an average income tax rate at least in 2021. This is according to tax foundation of 14.9%. The top 1% paid 25.9% average rate, which is nearly eight times higher than the 3.3% average rate paid by the bottom half of taxpayers payers. Alright? So you've got about 26% versus 3.3%. It's just a lie. What she says, and she says it all the time, and so did Biden, here's some more for you. At the bottom of the earning brackets, there's 0% tax, zero in the middle, they're taxed under 15% of their income and the top is taxed 30%.


All right. Those are the real numbers. Yeah, there it's the average tax rates at the top are at least two times the rate in the middle and three times the rate at the bottom. What she says is not true. There's no follow up with that whatsoever. Nor is there any follow up with, even if you text all the billionaires and millionaires virtually every dollar of what they make, it would not cover the cost of your plan. It would not cover all these beautiful, wonderful gifts that you say you're gonna give. Okay? So he goes a different route with it. He goes, even let's assume your plan is going to work, which it's not, but let's assume it'll work.


You're never gonna get it passed because you need Congress. They have the power of the purse that is like their one main power, the power of the purse. And you can't change the tax rates without their cooperation. And so he says, how are you gonna get this through Congress? We're dealing with the real world here. And she goes to, when you talk quietly with a lot of folks in Congress, they know exactly what I'm talking about. 'cause their constituents know exactly what I'm talking about. Their constituents are those firefighters and teachers and nurses. Their constituents are middle class hardworking, folksy. we says, and Congress has shown no inclination to move in your direction. And she just says, I disagree with you.


That's how it ends. I disagree with you. There are some leaders in Congress who do understand, and I guess there's secretly on her side. Well why? Why haven't we seen any evidence of that? Why didn't any of that happen? Why didn't she and Joe Biden do that when he had control of Congress, both houses of Congress for the first two years of his term and she was the vice president? Well I don't if, if there's just secret agreement amongst even the Democrats on doing this, why? Why didn't they? No, we don't know. We remain clueless. Any switches, quarter of registered devo voters don't say that. They still don't know you. They don't know what makes you tick.


And why do you think that is? What is the disconnect? Another non-answer. I take it seriously. I gotta get everybody's vote. I'm gonna have to work for this. And then he follows up with what her critics say. Here's a little bit of that. Lemme tell you what your critics and the colonists say. Okay? They say that the reason so many voters don't know you is that you have changed your position on so many things. You are against fracking now you're for it. You supported looser immigration policies, now you're tightening them up.


You are for Medicare for all. Now you're not so many that people don't truly know what you believe or what you stand for. And I know you've heard that In the last four years I have been vice president of the United States and I have been traveling our country and I have been listening to folks and seeking what is possible in terms of common ground. I believe in building consensus. We are diverse people geographically, regionally, in terms of where we are in our backgrounds and what the American people do want is that we have leaders who can build consensus On what Medicare for all on a fracking ban on the border.


Where's your consensus that you've built on it as she wants to keep going back to that border bill that was failing and didn't have the votes even prior to Trump weighing in on it. Yes, there were a couple of conservatives who said, okay, we'll go along with it. They didn't have the votes, so we're gonna pretend that she built the ENS consensus. She didn't. Immigration's been a sticky issue. She failed to build a consensus. And by the way, it totally ignores that answer, which we'll get to what can be done by the executive, which we've seen once Joe Biden went into his pre-election, panic is quite a bit and which we saw under Trump is quite a bit. In any event, she just gives a bunch of nonsense about consensus. She's gonna build consensus, consensus, consensus.


And she's been listening. She's been listening. That's I guess what explains her flip on banning fracking Medicare for all, getting rid of private insurance and a loose immigration policy. Great. Can't wait to hear exactly who she's been listening to. Okay, so now we're gonna get to the immigration soundbite. He says to her, you recently visited the southern border and embraced President Biden's recent crackdown un asylum seekers, seekers. This was his break glass in case of emergency plan. He did like in June, recognizing that he was losing and that he needed to shore up the border 'cause it was be, it was turning into the number one issue for Democrats.


So he, he started banning asylum seekers with executive order and he says, and that cracked down, produced an almost immediate and dramatic decrease in the number of border crossings. If that's the right answer. Now why didn't your administration take those steps in 2021? This is okay, it's an okay question. However, there's a lot more to the story that did not make its way into this piece. She says the following, the first bill we proposed to Congress, the first bill was to fix our broken immigration system knowing that if you want to actually fix it, we need Congress to act. It was not taken up.


Okay, let's start right there. Here is what actually happened when they took office in January of 2021. She and Joe Biden immediately via his executive order, moved to suspend, remain in Mexico for all asylum seekers, which under Trump required them to stay in Mexico. So if it got denied, they wouldn't be our problem. They'd be Mexico's Joe Biden and Kamala Harris got rid of that. They halted construction of the border wall day one February, 2021. So within weeks of taking office, they initiate initiated a review of policies that have effectively closed the US border to asylum seekers.


That same thing that Biden would eventually right back into an executive order in June before the election came, was already there at the beginning. He undid it, he and she undid it. That's what was happening when they took office. They began a review of the fast track deportation procedure known as expedited removal, which allows immigration authorities to remove an individual without a hearing before an immigration judge. They got rid of that. They expended, expanded the US refugee admissions program and rescinded Trump's policies that limited refugee admissions and required additional vetting.


That's what they did. Now, as for this alleged bill get used to hearing about this 'cause she's now brought it up twice in this interview. She, this is gonna be her new line that she proposed two bills over the course of their administration trying to get it immigration. The first bill we proposed to Congress was to fix our broken immigration system. That bill, we went back and pulled it. The very first step was amnesty. The very first proposal in her fix the border bill was amnesty at that time saying we must create an earned roadmap to citizenship for undocumented individuals. It allowed undocumented individuals to apply for temporary legal status with the ability to apply for green cards after five years and so on and so forth.


Then they said we have to help keep families together by eliminating wait times for the family illegals and giving even more visas out to them. We have to worry about L-G-B-T-Q discrimination against illegals who are applying to come in here or seeking asylum here. And we do need some more funding for border agents, but also we need to investigate the agents more. The agents are also racist and therefore we need more special agents at the DHS Office of Professional responsibility to investigate criminal and administrative misconduct and also to require the issuance of department-wide policies governing the use of force.


That is what they proposed when they first took office amnesty. Guess what happened? May I remind you? The Democrats controlled the White House, the House and the Senate and guess what HAP happened? Nancy Pelosi's House of Representatives couldn't find enough members to vote on it. They couldn't find enough people who wanted to vote yes. So it died. And even political rep reported at the time, and I am looking at the report here, that first Pelosi did not get the votes and the Democrat controlled house and that the White House has taken a quote hands-off approach to the matter.


This was their reporting in March of 2021. This was right after they proposed it. They proposed it and then they quote took a hands-off approach to the matter and the bill soon thereafter died in the Democrat controlled committee. That's the thing. Keep in mind she's referring to what she's now gonna run around and tell everybody. The first bill we proposed to Congress was to fix the broken immigration system. It was not taken up by you, by your fellow Democrats or by your White House. I mean the dishonesty, it's just next level. Then she goes on to that border security bill that she keeps touting. Donald Trump wants to run a problem instead of fixing a problem.


She said that a million times. She's got her canned lines, they're insufferable at this point and then he follows up. But there's been a historic flood of undocumented immigrants. Let's take a listen to some of the border exchange. There was an historic flood of undocumented immigrants coming across the border. The first three years of your administration, as a matter of fact, arrivals quadrupled from the last year of President Trump. Was it a mistake to loosen the immigration policies as much as you Did? It's a long standing problem and solutions are at hand.


What I was asking was, was it a mistake to kind of allow that flood to happen in the first place? I think the policies that we have been proposing are about fixing a problem, not promoting a problem. Okay, but, but The numbers did quadruple And the numbers under your, because of what we have done, we have cut the flow of illegal immigration by half, but should have done that We flow should you have done that flow Fentanyl by half. But we need Congress to be able to act to actually fix the problem. Okay? We cut out one, one portion in there where she said, and from day one, literally we've been offering solutions.


That's her again with her nonsense Democrat killed immigration Amnesty Bill. It's amazing to me. So that was a good exchange. And Bill Whitaker followed up on her because he says he's been reporting on this for a long time and all she keeps going to is what they did in June. That's it. And he keeps saying, what about prior to June? And she has no answer, nothing What she, because of what we've done, we cut the flow of illegal immigration by half. But should you have done it before? And all she says is, but we need Congress to act to fix the problem. That's it. So she's got nothing. There was no answer. And I'm sorry, but Bill Whitaker, you should have asked about those executive actions.


I just went through and as this audience knows, we've all been through this list before I, I'm raising this after every interview where we talk about immigration because someone should do their damn homework. It's not that hard. Guarantee you 60 Minutes has more producers than we do on the Megyn Kelly Show. It's a question of anchor and producer interest in what the true facts are that should have been raised. She did not come in there ready to revamp the immigration system. She came in there ready to dispose of it, to open the border and to grant amnesty for those who are already here illegally and to make it easier for more people to come in across the southern border.


That's what happened. He did it by executive action and when he realized he was going to lose in June, he issued an executive action, which if you don't think she's gonna lift that executive order, if she's to get in there, you're crazy because this is a true Democrat goal. Why would they let in between 10 and 20 million to begin with if they didn't actually want them here? I mean, it's very clear that they both have an ideological commitment to changing the fundamental makeup of this country and that they want Democrats who are loyal to them and want their government handouts moving to every swing state in the union. It's very clear. And if you don't think she's gonna continue that and turn back on the spigot, if she's, if she takes over as president, you haven't been paying attention.


Alright. He goes on. This is like another, it's just so ridiculous. Republicans don't get questions like this the other way. This is the Trump and his supporters are racists. Could you talk about that question? You've accused Donald Trump of using racist tropes when it comes to Haitian immigrants in Springfield, Ohio. When it comes to Birtherism, when it comes to Charlottesville, I mean, again, again, it's like doesn't care that the Charlottesville thing is, has been disproven, doesn't care about opposing evidence in Springfield. The Birtherism not a good controversy for Trump. Not gonna argue with him on that one. In fact, you've called him a racist and divisive.


Well, listen, we have it. Listen to him, ask it and listen to the first part of her answer. It's amazing. You have accused Donald Trump of using racist tropes when it comes to Haitian immigrants in Springfield, Ohio. When it comes to Birtherism, when it comes to Charlottesville. Yet Donald Trump has the support of millions and millions of Americans. How do you explain that? I'm glad you are pointing these comments out that he has made not bad, that have resulted in a response by most reasonable people to say it's just wrong. It's just wrong. There's so many people supporting Donald Trump, the man you've called a racist.


How do you bridge that seemingly unbridgeable gap? I believe that the people of America want a leader who's not trying to divide us and demean. I mean that is just so transparent. We all know he is a racist, is really what he was saying. And his supporters appear to be racists or at least fine with electing a racist. So how does a nice smart lady like you appeal to those terrible people? I mean truly, that's really what he was asking. It was just a gift question disguised as a chance, you know, for her to address some of his supporters who for some weird unknown reason, still back this guy.


Then he goes on to spend a few minutes on Liz Cheney because that's really what the American people wanna hear about. Liz Cheney her out there, he met them on the campaign trail together, made sure that that made its way into 60 minutes. That was probably a request by the, by the campaign. He asks her about Ukraine, what does success look like in ending the war in Ukraine? There will be no success in ending that war without Ukraine and the UN charter participating and what success looks like. What does success look like in ending the war in Ukraine? There Will be no success in ending that war without Ukraine and the UN charter participating in what that success looks like.


Would you meet this? Well, what does it look like? President Vladimir Putin to negotiate a solution to the war in Ukraine? Not bilaterally without Ukraine. No Ukraine must have a say in the future of Ukraine. I mean, I was waiting for her to bump to like jump into her. Ukraine is a large country right next to another large country. Remember what she did? Was that on Charlemagne show? No answer. The question was what does success look like? There will be no success in ending that war without Ukraine and the UN charter participating in what success looks like. Ukraine must have a say in the future of Ukraine.


That's her plan, that Ukraine should be involved in the peace negotiations. Okay, great. Well thank you for that. That's very insightful. I appreciate it. There was more nonsense about her gun. She claims she has a Glock. I know our gun owner, listeners and viewers have their doubts. I'll leave that to somebody who's got expertise on firearms. But many people were still not convinced. And then here we go. There's the 60 minutes extra. These are some, but not all of the outtakes. And here Bill Whitaker finally gets into the issue of the coup of President Biden's mental acuity.


No, that's not true. He doesn't raise it. He doesn't raise it. He only gets into the process by which she was elevated to the position of nominee. He doesn't ask 60 minutes, did not ask her the equivalent of what did you know? And when did you know it? Why did you continue telling the American people? He was fine when you must have known he wasn't. Both he and you are now on record as saying you are involved in everything you were. There wasn't a major piece of legislation or policy push that he came out with that you weren't involved in.


So you must have spent a lot of time with him. How did you not know? When did it become clear to you that he was infirm and not capable of serving a second term? Why didn't you come clean about it? You could craft it in a number of ways or you could ignore it entirely, which is what Bill Whitaker did. The question he asked her instead was about, you kind of got elevated in a way that doesn't really reflect how these things are intended to work. And did the truncated process leave people feeling they like, they don't really know you. This is a Democrat speaking. That's how a Democrat looks at the issue.


There's only one downside to the way that it was done. And that is that people didn't get the chance to really know you and obviously love you. Here's a bit of that. Was democracy best served by President Biden stepping down and basically handing you a nomination? That's not really the way our system was intended to work. President Biden made a decision that I think history is gonna show is rare among leaders, which was to put country before self.


And I am proud to have earned the support of the vast majority of delegates. But I think this truncated process is why people think or say they don't really know who you are. Look, I've been in this race for 70 days. It is without any question in a short period of time, which is why I'm traveling around our country from one state to the next to the next. I mean, he did not load his fishing line with any bait and he did not catch a fish. He got nothing. That's why it was a 60 minutes extra offering instead of making it into the body of the piece.


Had you done your job bill and actually asked the pointed question about Biden's mental acuity, you might actually have gotten some good TV out of it. It would be great if you were still committed to doing that. Instead, we remain no further illuminated on any of that. Then there was a question about Iran. If you have proof that Iran is building a nuclear weapon, would you take military action? I won't speak about hypotheticals. China attacks Taiwan. Would we use military force to support Taiwan? I'm not going to get into hypotheticals. These are totally appropriate questions. These are questions we had in our debate that we did with with the Republicans last December.


They, they were in a lot of the debates actually. These are totally fair game. This is not a deposition. In a deposition. You say, I'm not answering hypotheticals. It's not a damn deposition. You are interviewing to become the next president and commander in chief. We are entitled to answers on these questions. She doesn't know the answers. How can you look at this woman and say she's qualified to be president of the United States? She doesn't know the answers. She doesn't know anything about China. She doesn't know anything about Iran. She doesn't know anything about Ukraine. She doesn't know anything about the Middle East. That's why she keeps deflecting to non-answers or hypotheticals. Objection to form. I'm waiting for those old lawyer objections to come out.


That's not how this works. You are interviewing for a job and we are the employers. You owe us an answer. Oh, I guess we'll find out. You know, Trump took so much shit for this when he was running for office the first time he went on O'Reilly and he, he said, Iran's not gonna get the bomb. Iran's not gonna get the bomb if I become president. And O'Reilly was like, what do you saying? What do you mean? Like they're not gonna, I, I can't tell you what my plan is, but trust me, they're not gonna get the bomb. There was a leftist meltdown. The media was like, oh my God, he's an idiot. Listen to him with her. It's rephrased. I'm not gonna answer a hypothetical. It's the same thing. I'm not gonna answer. I'm not gonna answer. It's not an acceptable way to handle this.


And by the way, Iran did not get the bomb under Trump. Trump came in, he pulled that deal, he cracked down on Iran, he sent them messages. He stopped sending all the money and we were in a much better PA place with Iran by the time his term ended. One final thing, they also sat with Tim Walls. And this is how Bill Whitaker got into it with him and framed the issue of his many, many indeed, one could say pathological lies. What have been some disagreements you've had since you became a team? Well, I, she probably disagreed with you said Tim, you know, you need to be a little more careful on how you say things. Whatever it might be. It just, Whatever it might be. Wal has been criticized for embellishing or telling outright falsehoods about his military record and about his travels to Asia in the 1980s.


In your debate with JD Vance, you said, I'm a knucklehead at times. And I think you were referring to the time that you said that you were in Hong Kong during the Tiananmen Square unrest when you were not. Yeah. Is that kind of misrepresentation, isn't that more than just being a knucklehead? I think folks know who I am and I think they know the difference between someone expressing motion, telling a story, getting a date wrong by a, you know, rather than a pathological liar like Donald Trump. But I think it comes down to the question of whether, whether you can be trusted to tell the truth.


Yeah, well I can't. I think I can, I will own up to being a knucklehead at times. But the folks closest to me know that I keep my word. Okay. So this exchange begins with him saying, there's no way you agree with everything. You and Kamala Harris agree on everything. What have been some of the disagreements you've had since you became a team? Well, it's, well, she probably disagreed with, well she said, Tim, you know, you need to be a little more careful on how you say things. Ha ha ha, whatever it may be. That's your, that's your clue Bill Whitaker to say, oh, really? What led to that discussion? What specifically, what was it? Wouldn't you like to know? Was it stolen valor? You said you used weapons in war when you didn't.


You said you retired Command Sergeant Ma major dozens of times and you weren't, you said you used IVF and you didn't, you said you got a commendation from the Nebraska Chamber of Commerce and you didn't, I mean, we could go on. We've done this list many times. Didn't appear in last night's show, but he admitted, she supposedly talked to him about his lying of being more careful, a little more careful on how you say things would've loved to follow up on. Go on. So the voiceover then says whatever it might be. Hmm. Well, I guess we'll never know. No way of knowing Waltz has been criticized for embellishing or telling outright falsehoods about his military record and his travels to Asia in the 1980s. That is not the complete list.


60 minutes in a court of law, since we're pretending we're in a court of law. That's a hypothetical. You would get an objection to completeness. To completeness. That is not the complete list of the Tim Walls lies not even close. And that's where he picked up, where we just played it. In your debate with JD Vance, you said, I'm a knucklehead. You were referring to the time you said you were in Hong Kong during Tiananmen Square. And then he says, yeah, is that the kind of misrepresentation isn't, isn't that more than just being a knucklehead? That's fine. And then we get the, you know what, folks know who I am. They do not, sir. They do not. We don't you. You're not a retired command sergeant Major. We know that you didn't get some commendation from the Nebraska folksy.


we are not a head coach. You did not go to China 30 times as you claimed. You were not in Tiananmen Square on the day of the massacre. You used a different form of fertility treatments than you claimed. You did not carry a weapon into you, by the way, aren't deaf And, it didn't cause you to drive drunk. There's a long list, sir. And then he says, people know the difference between someone expressing emotion, telling a story, getting a date wrong. You see, he just, all the multiple times we played for you where he said he was into Tannin Square or he was in China, that was just him getting the date wrong rather than a pathological liar like Donald Trump.


Bill Whitaker. I think it comes down to the question of whether you can be trusted to tell the truth. That's, that's the question whether you can be trusted to now, what do you think he's gonna say? I mean, we saw this the other day with another anchor. That's not the out, that's not the landing. Gee, people are wondering if you can be trusted to tell the truth. It's why didn't you tell the truth? You seem to have a pattern of misleading. Why is that right? And he says, well gee, I think I can. I think I can be trusted. I keep my word, obviously not. And then he followed, bill Whitaker goes to this, before you joined the ticket, you called Republicans weird.


And that sort of became a rallying cry for Democrats. Why do you think that label stuck? That's his question. Just how weird are they? I'd love for you to expand on it. And that's exactly what Tim Walls did. So this whole thing was an early Christmas present that was wrapped carefully by 60 minutes and Bill Whitaker and delivered to the Harris Walls campaign. It had enough window dressing on it that the Democrats or outsiders might be able to say, okay. They asked some hard questions and they might still have a veneer of fairness. But. it was no more than a veneer. And what she made clear is what we've seen many times, she is as empty headed as the bobble doll version of her in my old Upper West Side bookstore where she sits on the little wire and she shakes around and her no and makes weird moves.


And her face moves around on the Bible and she says nothing. Absolutely nothing. She doesn't know anything about foreign policy. She doesn't understand her own economic plans on the area in which she is most vulnerable, which is immigration. She lies over and over again. And while he came closest to actually pointing some of that out of all the interviews she's done, he didn't nail it down either. And so I continued to await somebody doing their true journal journalistic duty and drilling down on some of these things. We have more, we're gonna talk about how they treated Trump. And we're gonna talk about The View when we come right back.


Four years of crushing interest rates, runaway inflation and reckless government spending. And who's paying the price? You are. That's who you might have bills stacking up debt collectors on your back and you might be barely able to keep food on the table. While Done with Debt can be a way out, they have developed new aggressive strategies designed to get you out of debt permanently without bankruptcy and without loans. Done with Debt stands between you and your bill collectors. They can go head-to-head. With these persistent creditors getting balances reduced, interest rates slashed and even penalties stopped, they create a plan to end your debt fast and put more cash in your pocket every month. And right now, Done with Debt is accepting new clients. But you need to act fast because some credit relief programs expire before you even make another payment. Consider a visit to Done with Debt dot com or just call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54 right now. Speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


So I just wanna finish up some comments on 60 Minutes and her other appearance today. Number one, everybody remembers what happened between Trump and Leslie Stahl four years ago, right? She did her best to absolutely obliterate him. He taped the interview himself. So he had the 37 minute version versus the 14 minute version that they aired And. it made her look like a fool. That's how we know she got into the laptop. Can't be verified, it can't be, we can't put on tv. Things that can't be verified. Remember that was the treatment trunk got. And Scott Pelley began last night's broadcast by going out there saying, oh, we always offer both campaigns the chance to come on 60 minutes.


Trump originally agreed, then he came back and said he wouldn't do it unless we apologized for the way Leslie Stahl questioned him and they refused. Well, they should have apologized. They should have because she was wrong And. it actually mattered. It was on a really important issue, which he tried to raise and she shot down inappropriately. So shame on them for not apologizing. It was a small price to pay and they deserved his scorned and he deserved an apology. So that was 60. I do think she was so worried about how empty headed she seemed. In fact, Abigail Findon, can you please get me one of those Kamala Harris bobble dolls from that Upper West Side bookstore.


You go in there, I mean it's got everybody, it's got a OC, it has Dr. Fauci, it has Michelle Obama, it has Elena Kagan Soda Maor, and of course Kamala Harris. It's like as leftist as you can come. I'm like, do you have like Play-Doh? Do I? Why do, why must I walk through this bobblehead doll gauntlet of all the worst figures in order to get a toy from my child? We don't live there anymore. Anyway, I'm gonna get one because that's all I can think of. When she talks like the way it wiggles, it wiggles, And. it looks like it's moving And, it's doing something, but it's really doing absolutely nothing. So that's what she did. And she knew it and she knew she was gonna get hit. So I do believe that led to the blitz today.


Howard Stern, The View tonight, Colbert. And we've already seen how she did on The View. You won't be surprised to learn. It truly was like female. Jesus showed up. Female. Jesus walked onto the set. And keep in mind this is A, B, C, which already treated her like female Jesus at that A, B, C news debate. And I use the term A, B, C news loosely. Watch how watch, just watch the walkout. It looked more like Elvis showing up at a concert than this did. Like an organization that is supposed to be a news organization hosting a presidential candidate. Welcome back, the next president of the United States.


Wow. Oh my God, it was worse than Oprah. For the listening audience that was Whoopi Goldberg who bawled her little hands into fists, The next president. Could you just Try to grow up a little, like try to act like an adult person, like a professional? It would be great. I mean, I guess you just, whatever, there are no illusions anymore. And as, as I've told you before, been on The View many times, they give you the questions in advance. 100%. I guarantee they gave Kamala Harris and or her team, this is my opinion, based on my own experience.


A little blue card with all the questions on it. That's, that's what they did with me every single time. And I said, I don't wanna, I don't need to. Damn questions. I'm, I do this for a living. I'm good. I I there's zero chance in my opinion. They did not give her the questions in advance. So they gave her this hero's welcome. And then here's Sonny Hostin asking about the differences between Kamala Harris and Joe Biden. And my prediction is this is going to be made into a campaign ad for Trump within the next hour. This answer watch, What do you think would be the biggest specific difference between your presidency and a Biden Sea, A Biden presidency?


Well, we're obviously two different people and we have a lot of shared life experiences. For example, the way we feel about our family and our parents and so on. But we're also different people. And, and I will bring those sensibilities to, to how I Lead. Well if, if anything would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past studies Reading off of her cards? There is don a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact. I literally, I guarantee you that's being made into an ad right now. It might hit before we close out the show within an hour.


We'll keep checking. There's no chance Trump's not gonna pick the second half of that answer. Pin it and end it with what he's been doing. Which is I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message. That's her owning all the ball, the Biden policies. On a day in which the New York, the New New York Times poll drops with good news for Harris showing among likely voters nationally. She's now up three points over Donald Trump. The margin of error, is it 2.4? That's how it appears based on my note in front of me. In any event, it's either outside the margin of error or it's pretty close. And the reason that she's now up over Trump, they were tied mid, mid-September, early September.


Trump was up one over her, now he's down three. So that's not great for Trump. They say the reason is more voters are saying Kamala Harris is the candidate representing change in this election. 46 to 44. In previous times, Sienna polls, Trump was identified as the candidate of change. And what does she say? What does she say when she gets out there? We're the same. We're first She's the anane. Well, we're different people. It sound like a Chris Farley skit. How are you different? Well, first of all, we're different people. He's a man and I'm a woman. He's, he's a white man and I'm a black lady. Half Indian half, I mean like how dumb right?


She's just trying to stall 'cause she's, she realizes she's on quicksand and then she fails. You know, sunny has to follow up 'cause she's got her little blue card right in front of her. I've seen, and a million times her questions are written for her. And so she asks the follow up question, but like if you had to say, and she goes with kind of nothing we're the same. Good luck spinning that because this poll shows us that The people want difference. They want change. They do not want four more years of Joe Biden. Alright, joining me now to discuss these and other news stories today are Evita Duffy Alfonso, host of the Bongino Report. Early Edition with Avida and link. Lauren TikTok, influencer and former senior advisor to RFKJ.


Guys, thanks so much for being here. Link. I found your, your profile so interesting. So you wound up working for RFKJ because you understood how to leverage his message with the power of TikTok, and you did so well with it. He was like, I need this guy working for me. And thank the Blessed Union was formed, and you really helped him reach a lot of young people with his message. You proved to be absolutely critical in getting his thoughts out there. So thank you so much. Thank you. Fascinating background. So you're both on the younger side and both accomplished, given your ages. And so you tell me whether you young people who in particular want change are gonna be persuaded by. Well, you know, we're different people, but I pretty much agreed with him on everything he did.


I'll start with you on it. Avita. No, I don't. I don't think it's going to, I don't think it's gonna work well for anyone. Es especially young people. I mean, young people especially the polling is showing they want change. It's not working for them. They can't afford their groceries, they can't buy a home. A lot of them are really animated by what's happening in the Middle East. There's a lot of pro-Palestine young people, and they associate kalo with the Biden administration, which they were calling Joe Biden genocide Joe, just a couple months ago. So this is, this is really terrible messaging for her. And I think that it kind of, I think that it, it exemplifies how inept she is because her entire, first of all, the entire media apparatus, but also her team, including Doug Emh, had been trying really hard to say Kamala is not the same as Biden.


This administration does not define her. She's her own person. And then she just goes on The View and dismantles the entire narrative that they've been trying to create for her in a really spectacular, failing way. It was pretty extraordinary to hear her say that, you know, because you know like that this is gonna come back to haunt her. She's been trying to dodge that bullet and the irony of it being from friendly fire, right? Sonny Hostin, who has been advocating for Kamala Harris absolutely for a long time. Well before Biden even dropped out. No, totally Kamala Harris for the last few months, since July 21st, she's been going out on stage and acting like she's never met Joe Biden. She's like my first day in office when I get into office.


It's like, sweetheart, you've been there 1400 days. And then we ask her to do some hardball interviews. She goes on The View, does nobody remember Anna Navarro was one of the MCs of the Democratic National Convention this year. And in Navarro, she's not gonna ask her hardball questions. Sonny Hostin. She's not gonna ask Kamala Harris hardball questions. If you can't handle hardball interviews, how are you gonna take on Vladimir Putin, Kim Jong-un President Xi, you think these guys in the Middle East have any respect for women? Kamala, you've got a bad thing coming. If you can't handle a hardball interview, That that quote is going to be everywhere. Yeah, I mean, you heard here totally it 100% he's going to make the most of that. And this, especially given that New York Times poll, which is not great.


I mean, any thoughts as somebody who just came off of a campaign link on what drove Trump from being one point up to now three points down in this New York Times Sienna poll since mid-September. So we're basically talking three weeks. Totally. So I'd have to look at some of the cross tabs of the poll. I know that Kamala Harris is out raising and outspending Donald Trump, so maybe she's doing a lot more spending in these swing states. I think also Donald Trump is missing some key cohorts, right? I've been sounding this alarm for months. If you go to the Women for Trump page, there's not a single event for Donald Trump, right? So they've really doubled and tripled down on low propensity young male voters, which is great, love them.


But you need to be doing more outreach to women in swing states, suburban and suburban women in swing states. And the fact of the matter is, people aren't between Donald Trump and Kamala Harris. They're between, am I gonna vote at all or am I gonna just stay home because I don't like either option? And Trump really isn't doing enough outreach to those groups. He's doubling down on his base in young men. But where are some of these women who are on the edge? Maybe some of the women in the primary who are leaning toward Nikki Haley now they don't know. Yeah. Okay. So I, my team did confirm the margin of error of this poll is 2.4%. So that would put her outside the margin of error. But the thing for Trump voters to remember is a three percentage point lead, if you believe that's what it is for Kamala Harris on the national level, does not mean that she's gonna win the electoral college.


That the margin, the margins of previous Democratic candidates like Hillary and Joe Biden were much more substantial when it came to the national vote. And that's Go ahead link. I can see you wanna weigh in. Well, yeah, no, I was gonna say that Donald Trump beat Hillary Clinton by about 74,000 votes, I believe in 2016, which was enough to take the Electoral College. So people see these polls and they think elections come down to millions of voters. This is gonna come down to a few thousand votes across a few counties and a few swing states. And that's what I'd like to see Donald Trump do more outreach to, are those folks who are on the fence in these swing states about whether they're gonna vote at all or sit at home. Okay. So a few of those states that are gonna determine this election avita include Florida, North Carolina, and Georgia, all of which have just gotten battered by this hurricane that just came through and are about to get battered again.


Florida's about to get battered again. My god, this storm Milton looks like a monster, right? So we just had Helene, I'm, I'm gonna show you some unbelievable photos that my friend sent me. She's got like, she's got family in North Carolina and she's got family in, in Florida, and she just sent me the most astonishing pictures. But in any event, it's coming again. So they still haven't cleaned up in, you know, Asheville and Westerly parts of North Carolina and down in Florida. They're still dealing with the massive damage. And here comes Milton Cat five. It's just, just waived, waned enough to become a Cat four, which basically just means over 160 mile winds instead of over 180 mile an hour winds.


They're projecting right now. It makes landfall tomorrow on the West Coast, on the Gulf Coast of Florida. And that by that point, it's probably gonna be a Cat three, which is still huge. And the warnings are absolutely chilling. You've got the mayor of Tampa saying people will die, get out. At least nine counties are under mandatory evacuation orders. The Tampa Mayors Mayor says, you will die prepare for an event like no other. They're not mincing words there. And it's turned into a political battle of sorts too, because this, of course, Florida, which is gonna be in the eye of this next storm, Milton, is rhon DeSantis state, right?


Where he's, that's, that's where he's governor. And now there are accusations going from the Biden administration and from DeSantis about whether they're all playing nice together. And DeSantis came out, or sorry, first Kamala Harris came out and claimed that he wasn't taking calls from her and allegedly from Joe Biden, here's what she said, Moments of crisis. If, if nothing else should really be the moment that anyone who calls themselves a leader says they're gonna put politics aside and put the people first. People are in desperate need of support right now and playing political games with this moment in these crisis situations.


These are, the height of emergency situations is just utterly irresponsible. And it's selfish and it's about political gamesmanship instead of doing the job that you took the oath to do, which is to put the people first. So then Ron DeSantis, who, I mean frankly, he's got enough to deal with right now without her yapping at him. I mean, he literally has people's lives in his hands right now. She's just so nasty. So he goes on Fox News last night to respond to this nonsense and to sound the alarm about what's coming Florida's way. He gets asked about this by Sean Hannity, and here's what he said. We've been laser focused on leveraging all resources available, including from the federal government.


So for Kamala Harris to try to say that my sole focus on the people of Florida is somehow selfish, is delusional. She has no role in this. In fact, she's been vice president for three and a half years. I've dealt with a number of storms under this administration. She has never contributed anything to any of these efforts. And so what I think is selfish before, has she ever called before trying to blunder into this before? No. And here's the thing, has she ever called before? She has no role, no, she has no role in this process. I've had storms under both President Trump and President Biden, and I've worked well with both of them. She's the first one who's trying to politicize the storm.


And she's doing that just because of her campaign. She's trying to get some type of an edge. She knows she's, she's doing poorly, and so she's playing these political games. I don't have time for political games. I've got people's whose lives are on the line. Avita, what do you make of it? Well, I'll just say for some context, everybody that's listening, when there's a h when there's pre hurricane season, FEMA has meetings with the whoever is in charge, whatever administration is in charge. So during the Trump administration, you had Mike Pence sitting in on every one of those meetings ahead of hurricane season for the entire time that Trump was in office. And then now we have the Biden administration. They still had those meetings. But Kamala Harris, unlike Meg Pence, did not sit in on any of those meetings.


She was not a part of the conversation for hurricane preparedness. And now she's running for president and suddenly she wants a big role in this. And the reason that she is taking shots at, at Governor DeSantis, who, by the way, Joe Biden has said he's working really great with, again, dismantling this narrative from Kamala, that there's this somehow a political issue. And the people in Florida and the people in North Carolina and Tennessee, and everybody who's been hit by Hurricane Helene and now eventually Hurricane Milton, have been as just beside themselves with the mismanagement of funds from FEMA with the foreign aid that's going across the globe, while our people are suffering with the amount of money that's gone to illegals via fema, and it's just not going to work for her.


She is really getting slammed by this issue. I you, you know, she had, she couldn't even shovel, use a shovel as she was trying to pretend like she was doing something. This is a devastating story for her. It should be a a George Bush Katrina moment for her. And the only reason that she's staying afloat right now is because the media is helping her in, in a really egregious way. So here she goes on The View today link, and she gets asked about this fight with DeSantis by Sarah Haynes, who's, you know, supposed to be the conserv, one of the conservatives on the whatever here, watch this. Like Alyssa. Yeah, right. Like Alyssa And Governor DeSantis have been going back and forth trading jabs over your attempt to check in and ahead of the storm.


You've called him selfish for not taking your calls. Now, he said this morning you've never called regarding any of the storms Florida's had since you've been vice president until apparently now and called it political. What's your response to that? Well, first of all, I have called and talked with, in the course of this crisis, this most recent crisis, Democrat and Republican governors called, taken the Call, answered the call, had a conversation. So obviously this is not an issue that is about partisanship or politics for certain leaders, but maybe is for others. I, I can't get over the fact that this guy is facing a cat five now for hurricane and she's needling him on The View.


No, I know. I mean, Kamala Harris always says hard work is good work. But I really don't think Kamala Harris likes to work hard. I've been saying for months, I think the only way to get her to work in the Oval Office is if you leave a trail of margaritas like Hansel and Gretel. She does not like to do hard work whatsoever. And she's gotten big breaks in her career in 2020. She was an abject failure. She got a big break. She got to be VP once again, not a single everyday American voted for her. She's been coordinated. Again, she's one heartbeat away from the presidency, might be the next president, and no everyday Americans have voted for her. So this is just a pattern with Kamala Harris. You have to remember, she does not like to do hard work, but she's also all about optics. Unfortunately for her, when I saw her go to Augusta, Georgia, that was painful.


Kamala hates interacting with everyday Americans. The videos of her volunteering and walking and talking, she looked like she would rather be anywhere else. So I'm not surprised to see her politicizing this. Ron DeSantis has been working hard for years before he ever ran for president. He has a reputation of putting his boots on, not the best looking boots, but he puts on his boots and he gets to work. Ron DeSantis, Kamala Harris, the same cannot be said for her. It, it is amazing. It's like, just, just say the following. He's got a lot to deal with right now. My heart goes out to the people in the eye of the storm, let me know how I can help. That's all. Just let, let me know if we can help stopped taking shots against the guy who is trying to protect human life on a massive scale right now.


I don't care if he didn't take her phone call. I don't care if he didn't take Joe Biden's phone call, shut up and be supportive because you are campaigning all around the nation and nowhere near danger. And he's right in the heart of it. No, Kamala Harris is acting like a clinging girlfriend. He didn't take my call. He is not picking up my calls. He is very busy right now, and I've been covering these hurricanes since the day they started Hurricane Helene. I have gotten thousands of messages on TikTok from people who say, we applied for fema, we got denied. We can't even apply for FEMA because our cell phones barely have battery. We don't have good service. Out of curiosity, last night I went to the website that Kamala and Joe Biden tweeted out, I think it was disaster assistance.gov or something to that na to that nature.


When I went to the website, it is so difficult to apply. There's not a special section for Hurricane Helene. There's not a special section for Hurricane Milton. If English is your second language, good luck. God bless you. These people have really been left behind. And you have to question, if they weren't in red counties or red states, would Kamala Harris be so flippant? Yeah. Oh, I mean, well, this, this clip is making the rounds avita from 2023, where FEMA officials are discussing disaster preparedness and consistent with what's on their website in terms of their top priority. We covered this the other day, which is equity. Equity. Listen to what they said. L-G-B-T-Q-I-A people and people who have been disadvantaged already are struggling.


They already have their own things to deal with. So you add a disaster on top of that. It's, it's just compounding on itself. You know, the shift that we're seeing right now is a shift in emergency management from utilitarian principles where everything is designed for the greatest good, for the greatest amount of people to disaster equity. But oh my God, we have to do more. Do you believe that? I mean, it's right there on camera. What, let's move away from doing as much as we can for the most people to just focusing on disaster equity, which is servicing people who are LGBTQ plus, which is probably why Western North Carolina is getting largely ignored.


Well, it's need not apply, right? For, for FEMA funds, if you're straight or if you're white. And this, this ideology that we're seeing from, from this, this pro equity side of, of the left, it's not just misguided. This is a really evil, evil thing to say. We're gonna prioritize helping people based off of their skin color, based off of their sexual orientation. You think that these are the people, right, who say we, we believe in, in, in non-discrimination, we don't wanna be bigoted toward anybody. And then they're prioritizing helping people based off of their immutable qualities. It is so incredibly backward, But, it also exemplifies how mismanaged our government is on so many levels that the DEI departments are in every single branch of the federal government.


The backward priorities are throughout our government. The mismanagement of fema of this disaster at large by the federal government is systemic. It is so, it's so indicative of something broader. And this is, I think a such a winning, such a winning talking point for Trump as he's talk, as he's trying to talk about like, what is a real problem? What are we facing as Americans? Why, why does this election matter? And it's the permanent state. It's the fact that there are people in charge who aren't actually beholden to the people. The consent of the govern is no longer a thing anymore. And again, this is why Kamala is, is doing so poorly with this issue and going and pretending like she fits in with regular people or pretending like she cares, trying to use a shovel.


It's not gonna work. It's really so bad for her. And this campaign. Yeah, I mean, hopping in on that, the shovel, Let's show him the shovel video link because you, you made a reference to it and made a reference to it. So she, she and her husband, Doug Emh Hof, this is outside the Vice President's residence, decided to plant a tree it to, to memorialize her, to commemorate the one year anniversary, one year mark of ten seven, if a listening audience, they're standing next to each other. I mean, she looks, she looks as awkward holding that shovel as I do, holding a broom. I just, she doesn't know what she's doing. Hard Work is good work.


Hard work is good work. Now they're standing next to you. They're supposed to have a moment of silence. He's got his hands crossed in front of him the way you might in church, and she's got her hand on his forearm, then it's not reciprocated. She goes back into her own prayer position. The whole thing feels very awkward, I think. I mean, who knows? I feel like that gesture of her reaching over to him is some way of telegraphing to the rest of us that she's, I guess, not mad about the fact that he allegedly abused a woman who dated right before her. I don't, I don't know what it's supposed to mean. Something. These two are just charlatans when it comes to who they really are. We have no idea. But go ahead, link your, your reaction to the weird shovel video, The show. Well, quickly to jump back to the last topic that Avita touched on and all this DEI that's going on, I saw on the screen that guy's pronouns were, he, they, if you can't figure out whether you're a guy, a girl, what you wanna be, I don't want you in charge of FEMA and picking up after a hurricane if you can't even decide what your gender is, how are you gonna be able to make tough choices in the wake of a crisis?


And as for Kamala Harris standing by her husband, Doug Imhoff, I was just thinking the other day, if this were Melania Trump, right, if this were the spouse of another front runner for president of the United States, it would be wall to wall coverage on every mainstream media liberal news station. But Doug Imhoff, people wanna sweep this under the rug. I felt watching the convention speech from Doug Mh, when he was talking about his fantasy football league, he felt very broy like, I got my guys in the crowd. Those are my guys. The guys who always seem super nice and friendly. They've got a lot going on behind closed doors that you might not know about. Yes. Yes. That is so true. All right, I'm gonna get to Doug Mh in the Daily Mail and this latest piece that they just dropped in one second.


But before we leave the hurricane, I do wanna show you this. I had a dinner with a friend of mine, and she is from a family in Florida, and she's got a sister living in North Carolina. It's in Montreat it's called, which is I, I think near Asheville Montreat, North Carolina. And her family's from Tampa, and she has a sister still in Tampa. Poor Tampa just got hit by Helene, and now they're staring down Milton. And let look at the damage. We'll start from my team down in Tampa, since they're in the eye of this next dorm too. Look at some of these pictures that she sent me. Look at this just, okay, don't, don't take this one down. This is outside her sister's li the, the sister's in the living room looking outside her window.


And for the listening audience, there is a boat going by a large boat, like a fishing boat in what looks like an ocean outside of her window. Obviously the, the water's about to come in, or maybe it already has. You can't quite tell the state of things. But this is an ai, this is her actual sister. I know the woman who I saw it on her phone. It's from her sister. This looks like it's ai. It's not ai. And then there's more, okay, there's more down in Tampa. I think the next one, look at this house, this beautiful Tampa home, which is just completely submerged in water. It's one of those like large estates that just is sprawling and very horizontal, which is completely submerged. And then I think the next one's a video.


Is it guys? Yeah. Look at this. Okay, so here's the, like the main sort of shopping area. We're still in Tampa. And you can see all the stores, just completely underwater restaurants. Completely underwater. Now, this was, I asked her this, this was taken on the 27th, so right after the storm, but they, they just, they just dealt with this before A cat four hurricane, another one started bearing down. And then my point is, leave Ron DeSantis alone. You absolute moron. Stop picking fights with him. Let me take you up to Montreat North Carolina, where they still are.


This is the, the local playground. This is the local playground. Playground. Look at this, the looking out over a balcony and you can see the water is almost all the way up. Thank God no children are there, but the amount of damage that's already been suffered, we don't need heckler's, Kamala, we need leadership. The whole thing is just so infuriating. Okay, I do wanna talk about Doug Emh and this report that just dropped. And we also to talk about the nonsense about Trump and his genes controversy. Should we take a break before we do that team, or are we good? Yeah. Okay. We'll take a quick break and then we'll come back and we'll do both. Don't go anywhere. Avita and Link.


Stay with me.


Do you owe back taxes? Are your tax returns still unfiled? Did you forget to file for an extension? The October 15th deadline is fast approaching and time is running out. If you have not gathered all your documents or made any estimated payments, you could soon be targeted by, you know who all those new employees at the IRS after October 15th, the IRS can garnish your wages, freeze your bank accounts, or even seize your property. Alright, that's the stressful part of this ad. But the good part of this ad is that there's help available. You don't need to suffer in silence and just sit there worrying about this tax network. USA is a nationwide tax firm, and they have helped taxpayers save more than $1 billion in tax debt. They have filed over 10,000 tax returns and assisted thousands in reducing their tax burdens. And they can help you too. Don't wait. Visit tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1000 for a free consultation. They will guide you through a few simple questions to determine how much you can save. Take action now before it's too late. Visit tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1000.


Being able to run your business on your schedule is not just a luxury, it's a necessity. If mailing items like legal documents, checks, or marketing materials takes up a lot of your time, Stamps dot com is the time saver. You need cut down hours spent mailing and shipping with Stamps dot com and do it all on your own Timeline from small businesses to multi-location organizations, Stamps dot com handles all your mailing and shipping needs, wherever, whenever. Take care of mailing and shipping wherever you are, even on the go with the Stamps dot com address. All you need is a computer and a printer. That's all you need. They even send you a free scale easily. Schedule package pickups through your Stamps dot com dashboard and automatically see the cheapest and fastest shipping options from different carriers. Get rates you can't find anywhere else, like up to 89% off USPS and UPS order supplies, and even printers from the supply store when you run low. Sign up at Stamps dot com and enter code MK for a special offer that includes a four week trial, plus free postage and a free digital scale. No long-term commitments or contracts. That's Stamps dot com code MK.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Okay, guys, so the media is in a meltdown right now about Trump comments. I mentioned his interview with Hugh Hewitt. Among the other things he said then on that interview was about the number of illegals who have gotten into the country who are also murderers. And here's Trump talking about that in his original comments. Thought 35. How about allowing people to come through an open border? 13,000 of which were murderers, many of them murdered far more than one person, and they're now happily living in the United States. You know, now a murderer, I believe this, it's in their genes, and we got a lot of bad genes in our country right now.


They left, they had 425,000 people come into our country that shouldn't be here, that are criminals, Okay? Now, the left is very mad suggesting that he called all illegals people who have problems with their genes. You know what this Remi, he, he was very clearly referring to murderers, murderers who shouldn't be here in the first place. This reminds me of when I was on Fox News, and we were talking about some guy who had molested and then killed a little child and was in prison, who then claimed he was a woman and wanted the taxpayers to pay for his sex change operation. This is a guy who had raped and murdered a child.


And when I was on with O'Reilly, I mocked this guy's appearance because he was disgusting and wasn't fooling anyone. And the disgusting media matters actually had a meltdown that I would have the nerve to mock the looks of a so-called trans. I mean, hello. You are missing the story. No one gives a shit that I mocked the serial killer, the child killer's looks, and no one gives a damn that Trump is talking about bad genes amongst murderers who happened to be illegals. Only a dishonest broker would try to twist this into him. He's saying all illegals have some genetic problem, and that's why they shouldn't. He's married to an immigrant, okay?


He's married to an immigrant and reproduced with her, okay? Right? But here is just an example of the meltdown. We begin with Democratic strategist, Aisha Mills, who first went on CNN with John Berman during the daytime yesterday, Is that we have long known that Donald Trump has revered the Nazis. He has revered Hitler. He, oh, we do. He read his book. He used to say he had it on his nightstand. Donald Trump has had a very sinister philosophy, wanting to be a dictator, absolutely dividing people up based on who they are, based on factors about them that have to do with their race and their gender, et cetera.


And when he uses language like this, I don't think that it's a Freudian slip. I think that the danger of a Donald Trump is that he would absolutely try to exterminate an entire group of people because he thinks that their genes are somehow different than his and faulty. Okay? So Avita, we've long known that Trump has revered the Nazis revered Hitler, and that he would absolutely try to exterminate an entire group of people because he thinks their genes are somehow different from, from his own. It's slightly over the top. You could, you could make the argument, but listen, maybe, I mean, I will tell you back in the day on Fox News, if somebody said such a thing, they would get in your ear and say, hello.


We're gonna need to clean that up. They would have enough decency to realize someone had gone too far. But instead, what CNN did was they invited her back, and then last night she doubled down on Aaron Burnett. In half of the story about, of what you're gonna see here is Aaron Burnett's non-reaction. Watch this. All of this smells like an affinity towards eugenics, which really should give us all pause, because when we remember the last person, the last awful authoritarian dictator who believed in eugenics, it was someone who really wanted to exterminate an entire people because they thought that they didn't have good genes and because they were trying to create a certain type of race.


Come on, Aaron. I I, I don't wanna swear David. I mean, is should be Ashamed yourself. You believe in the race horse theory, ashamed Of yourself about bloodlines. Be yourself. Listen, listen. Hey, hey, Aaron, listen, I'm not gonna sit here and put up with this, sorry. That Donald Trump feels like standing up for people who may been murdered by immigrants and wanna deport illegal immigrants As a black lesbian who Donald Trump doesn't believe has means as good as his. Is he going to attempt to exterminate Me? Why do you believe that When he gets elected, why believe that? 'cause he's damn near said it. That's why David, that's why, because he's said, Okay, and I'm not Gonna lectured by some white man who has no idea what he's talking about and is trying to rewrite his history here. I appreciate both of you. I know it's obviously getting heated. I, I think, I think what people appreciate about both of you is what you mean, what you say and you say what you mean, and you're both very genuine people.


No, so I, I just wanna, let's turn the conversation here. Oh my God. Avita thoughts on that? You think you, you go on Fox News, think you get away with that and, and calling somebody out, dismissing their opinion for their race for, because of their biological sex, playing every single card you can possibly play and saying, Donald Trump is really a Hitler who's into eugenics and is going to exterminate me. I mean, the standard is completely different. I'll, I'll tell you that. I mean, I mean, you two even talked about it yourself with media matters. I mean, you say anything remotely, you know, colorful and they'll jump down your throat. But the, the, the, the rules, the standards completely out the window when it comes to regime controlled media outlets like C-N-N-M-S-N-B-C-N-B, CABC.


I'm gonna tell you, Megan, what really what I thought about when I heard that it really made my blood boil. There is modern day eugenics. It's happening. My little sister was born with Down syndrome. 80 to 90% of kids with Down syndrome are aborted in America, 98% in Denmark and other European countries. So yeah, it's happening, but the people who support eugenics actually happens to be the left. The people who support discriminating against others based on their skin color actually happens to be the left. We just talked about it with FEMA funds. The people who support authoritarian measures happen to also be the left. Let we, let's talk about what's happening right now with disinformation and the, any, the, the government and the media claiming that anyone who criticizes the Biden administration's responses to this hurricane is somehow a spreader of mis and disinformation.


That's what authoritarians do. Hillary Clinton just, just last week saying it's really a big problem that we don't have total societal control over information in the digital public square. These people are such liars and it's, it, it gets to meet the most because of the hypocrisy of it. All. The people who are supporting modern day eugenics is the left. The people who support discriminate against people, unborn babies based on things that they have no control over, things that should never be a, a prerequisite for killing someone is the left Well said link. I don't know if I should let you speak because you're a white man and according Isha, you shouldn't have an opinion because I guess you're part of the Totally I am gay though.


Eliminate black lesbians. I'm gay. So, oh, but You still wanna eliminate the lesbians. They're annoying. You're only in, in favor of the gays, I guess. Oh, so I know I'll go hang around Cubby hole in the West Village. But no, what I have to say is I love how it's two in the morning. It's two in the morning. Erin Burnett can barely keep her eyes open. And you've got David Urban and this random Aisha woman. I mean, the bar is low to be a Democrat strategist. You might think it's low. RFK found me on TikTok. Whatever. I'm Gen Z. The bar is really low to be a Democratic strategist these days. Let's be honest, if you are offended by Donald Trump calling illegal migrant murderers, people with bad genes, you need to grow up.


You know who's not offended by that is Laken Riley's family or the other families who have lost loved ones at the hands of a legal migrant murderer. So everybody needs to grow up. Put on your big boy pants because Donald Trump is gonna say what he is gonna say. If you are offended by that, I don't know. Maybe you should go be in a padded cell like girl interrupted and not leave the house. I don't know Exactly right. This woman has, she's got a screw loose as a black lesbian who Donald Trump doesn't believe her has jeans as good as his right. Is he going to attempt to exterminate me? And then why do you, oh no, here it is because okay, I'm not gonna be lectured by some white man.


All right, first of all, that is the point at which Aaron Burnett should have said, whoa, whoa. Right. Everybody here has the right to speak. We don't reduce people and their right to speak down to skin color or biological sex. Madam, it was an utter Fail, Erin Burnett, you needed to wake up more. And no, nobody was appreciating her authenticity at all in that moment. She was offensive, she was racist, she was sexist. He gets to have an opinion despite the fact that he happens to have male body parts and was born white. This woman, Aisha Mills, her bio, okay, she describes herself as a public affairs strategist, thought leader, doubtful, political operative renowned for my ability to unite diverse stakeholders around a shared vision to do well and good again, doubtful, don't believe one word of that.


And Aisha Mills should never appear on CNN again. She should never be invited back. And if she is invited back, fuck off CNN because you once again, completely abandon your stated mission of trying to get back to the middle. You don't do that by putting lunatics like Aisha Mills on there and that poor David Urban who has to deal with this nonsense being insulted on every level. Not to mention the a factual charges and with no protection from the anchor to say we're gonna stay factual and not deeply offensive about Trump and about men and about white people. Sorry, it's a rule here. Anyway, so offensive. Alright, we don't have a ton of time left, but I do want to get to the Daily Mail and we're, we're gonna have to do this in more detail tomorrow to the audience.


'cause we are almost outta time But. it just hit the Daily Mail, which is like truly, it's like the mail and the post and this show are like the only places that are reporting honestly about the news that the Daily Mail is breaking on Doug Emh. That's not to say I know whether it's true. It's to say I've been reporting on the news they are making and I am awaiting Doug Moff and his actual denial because all he is put out through a campaign spokesperson so far is a feckless. The report's untrue. And he would never, and has never hit a woman without responding to whether he paid the nanny 80 grand to stop her from talking about their love child, which she miscarried, which she is apparently claiming was at his hand in some way.


Do not know what the specifics are. There will, will continue waiting, but in anyway. As I've said a million times, if you were accused of having punched or open hand slapped anybody on the street in con France and you didn't do it, it would be very simple for you to call the person up and say, please speak with the daily male and anybody else who's asking this question and tell them the truth. And then you're a person would say, this is a lie. Doug and I broke up either on good terms or bad, but he did not hit me. That's it. Very simple. Didn't happen for a reason. So now the da, the Daily Mail reporting, Doug Emh quoting was a foul mouth asshole and misogynist who hired a trophy secretary.


That's in quotes as though he said it because she was quote pretty and quote retaliated against women who did not flirt back at his LA law firm. Ex staff claim Emh Hof was, this is the overall take inappropriate and misogynistic at work. He yelled, expletives held a men only cocktail hour in the office. What I thought, he wasn't toxically masculine. He revoked work perks from women who did not flirt with him. That would be illegal and took only young attractive associates in a limousine to a ball. Attorneys who worked with Emh at his former firm, which is called Venable, which he ran from 2006 to 2017, spoke with the daily male and went on to say one se for senior former staffer claimed.


He quote, bragged and yelled, bragged about yelling, get the f out of my office to a female partner at the firm telling his top male colleagues. He had quote, put her in her place. Staffer says, quote, what's worse is he bragged about it to management at Venable. And they were aghast. He's an a-hole. He told them how he put her in her place, a misogynist that's who does that. Another ex staffer said it was very well known at the firm. He was very flirty, and that if you were not flirty back or didn't respond, respond positively, then you were on his shit list. Another woman who worked at the firm for several years said, EMH H ran men only drink nights at the office. And then a woman who worked under him as a junior lawyer told the Daily Mail, he favored quote, young pretty girls at the firm.


If there was an event like the Justice Ball, he would favor certain people. Usually it was pretty young girls and he would prefer them to ride with him. He would get a limo. His behavior was not appropriate for the position he was in. There are others, including a lawsuit about other partners at the firm at the time he was running it. We'll do that piece of it tomorrow. So I'll start with you on it link. What do you make of the latest on the daily mail's deep dives into the sky? Well, I'm just happy you're covering it. What I've realized over the last year, when you, you turn on the mainstream media, these are, these are just Democrat operatives posing as pundits, right? They're just trying to help Kamala Harris win.


They're sweeping all of these stories under the rug. I'm just gonna call it like I see it. Doug Imhoff gives very beta male vibes to me, he seems like a beta male. He seems very insecure. Those types of guys always lash out at their girlfriends. They like to be possessive. You can even go back and look at the footage from the White House correspondence dinner this year. You could see how put out Doug was that Kamala was getting attention that she was interacting with other people who were not him. So I'm not shocked to see this. I don't want Chris Brown to be the first gentleman of the United States. Right? I've started calling him Doug, Chris Brown Moff, because I think we're gonna start saying more and more of these stories. But yeah, no, I'm not happy about this at all.


And Kamala Harris, if she does more interviews with actual substantive journalists, she might have to answer for this, but she's been able to skirt by 'cause the view's not gonna ask her. Sonny gonna say, Yeah. She, by the way, Sonny's a former prosecutor. She knows better. She knows that this is a story Kamala Harris in her own words. We played the soundbite yesterday when she spoke to that sex podcaster, said, domestic violence is a serious issue, and if we ever saw it on the street, we would be sure to take it seriously and to talk about it and was making the point. We should do the same if it happens behind closed doors, this happened on the street. Let's do that. Let's talk about it. Let's actually get a real substantive discussion or the charges put right to his face. In this particular report of Veda, they are saying that neither he nor the campaign got back to the Daily Mail.


But just think about, think about the media narrative around this guy and how he's the Mr. Rogers of men, of, of, of husbands just so awe shucks, redefining masculinity. A wife guy, super sweet, the kind of guy everybody wants around at a party or to set up with their friends. Guess again, He doesn't, he doesn't represent changing masculinity, redefining masculinity. All of the male feminists out there, what they really represent is destroying masculinity. And we don't know if these allegations are true. We'll find out hopefully in, in, in time. What I do know is true is that some of the most dangerous men in the world are those who cannot control their sexual appetites.


Doug Emh cheated on his, on his wife with his child's nanny. Men who don't take responsibility, men who support killing the most innocent among us. I, I think a man supporting abortion is one of the greatest red flags you can ever have in a dude. So, and and, and it's not just, I don't, I don't, I don't like Doug em hoft, like the allegations around him are really disturbing and troubling. But it's a, it's a pattern with the left. Let's like talk about Bill Clinton. I mean, this is a guy who's on Jeffrey Epstein's client list. This is a guy who took advantage of his underling, Monica Lewinsky in a really egregious way. He spoke at the D nnc. So there is a pattern of the left. There's A long list of allegations against him. Yes. Wait, I wanna get this in before we have to wrap with the SiriusXM audience.


Veda, what did you make of Kamala Harris going on the podcast? Call her Daddy. I'll just say that that was the greatest sign of cultural decay of, of moral degeneracy. That it, Kamala Harris represents everything that is really destroying the soul of this nation. Yes, honestly, link. I've got half a minute left. Do like, that's Yes. I ended my piece on this yesterday saying, what's happened to us? Right? Yes. What has happened to us? I think Kamala Harris does not like strong masculine men. She chose Mr. Jazz hand's, Tim Walls, to be her VP who's not strong or masculine at all.


She's married to Doug Imhof. So this is a pattern. I don't think Kamala Harris likes strong independent men whatsoever. He is Mr. Jazz hands. That's good. Right? I thank you. It was a pleasure. Ata Link, please come back. I hope I see you soon. Thank You so much for having me. Thank you. Thank you. Wow. And thanks to all of you. We're gonna have full rundown of how she did on Colbert, on Stern, and whatever else they managed to squeeze in to make you forget about her disastrous 60 appearance tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.