
Are you overdue for a night out to see a show? We've got you covered at the theater at MGM National Harbor, where big names from every genre take the stage, check out the theater's lineup of over 80 shows from hilarious comedians to headlining musicians. See your favorite artist at an expansive resort featuring over 15 dining options, nightlife plus free parking. Find the perfect show for your next night out@mgmnationalharbor.com. Monumental happens here.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda days. Whether it's a rugged new passport pilot with available all-wheel drive or powerful ridgeline, turn your dream Honda into reality during Happy Honda days. For a limited time, well-qualified buyers can get a 1.9% A PR on a 2025 Honda passport and a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 pilot or ridgeline. See Dealer for financing details.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show and today's am special episode where we take a deep dive today into Duke lacrosse accuser, crystal Mangum, admitting once and for all that she made up that entire story. This is such a crazy story on so many levels you guys, and for me personally, it has an additional layer because this is the story on which I cut my teeth as a young reporter at Fox News.


Many of you may remember that I actually heard a lot of people, saw a lot of people tweeting at me and emailing us saying they do remember our coverage because it was not only a massive travesty of Justice, almost, almost, but it was a massive travesty of journalism and virtually everyone was sinful. I'm I book be honest, I don't remember anyone other than yours truly, and Dan Abrams at court TV at the time, reporting honestly on this case, reporting accurately on this case.


Are you ready to challenge yourself and dive deeper into the ideas that Shape America? Prager U is a conservative nonprofit that promotes American values through educational videos that reach millions of young people every single day. Prager u's five minute videos, deliver the best ideas from the best presenters in five focused minutes. Five minute video hosts include Ben Shapiro, Dave Rubin, Vivek Ramas, Swami VDH and more. Right now, Prager you is offering you a chance to expand your knowledge on a range of topics through their exclusive five minute video challenges. Learn everything you ever wanted to know about political science, econ, the Constitution, American Wars and the founding fathers. When you sign up for a Prager you challenge, which is 100% free. You receive a different top rated five minute video every day. You will also receive a special edition ebook for each challenge exclusively from PragerU. Join the millions of others who are already benefiting from these powerful bite sized lessons. Go to PragerU dot com slash challenges and sign up for free today.


Everyone, everyone else in the media rushed to judgment because what was alleged in this case, for those of you who were not around or too young to care or it's just been a long time, was that on March, I don't remember the date, but in March of 2006, three, duke lacrosse players gang raped, a woman of color, a black woman from Durham, North Carolina. That's where Duke is located. And Durham has a not well off side of town and it is a majority minority town.


So these are three white boys at Duke on the lacrosse team and one black stripper who claimed she'd been gang raped by them. I mean, just in those allegations alone you can see and feel how explosive it was and would've been. And it allegedly happened at a house in which the Duke lacrosse team was holding a party. So it wasn't just these three, it was the team and this hit the media like wildfire. They loved this story. Now with retrospect, You know, we've got some, You know, 19 years of dealing with this version of the news media under our belts.


So you're not surprised to hear that given those dynamics, the racial differences, the class differences, the gender differences that the media rushed to judgment against these boys. But at the time, believe it or not, we weren't like that yet in the media, we weren't used to the media doing this it, it was still a time in which we tended to be more judicious in our coverage and careful. And this was the before and after moment at which we abandoned that it really was. This was the seminal moment in the media leaning into what we now know as wokeness.


When they looked at cases and stories like this one, it was a travesty in many ways. And thank God these three boys wound up getting let off the hook by the attorney general who stepped in to take over. But the media, they got away with it and they continued to sin in exactly the same way they did in that case ever since. Here we are almost 20 years later and they're still at it. And that's really what's remarkable about this case. And for me it is personal because I lived it firsthand. And I'll tell you what brought me to the case. I was hired by Fox in August of 2004.


I had done a year in journalism working for the A BC affiliate down in Washington DC And so I was young in my reporting career, but I had almost 10 years of legal practice under my belt as a litigator. So I was very used to looking at disputed fact patterns and being asked to make arguments to judges and juries and to behind the scenes talk frankly with my own teams about what we believed was true. You know, You don't come into it with any superior knowledge as a lawyer, you have what your client tells you. You have what you hear from opposing clients in depositions and in court and you form your own judgment on what you believe. And if you can get to the actual truth, it's very helpful that you may argue it one way or another when you're actually in court, but you do your level best to figure out what did happen.


And that's exactly how I approached this case. But even I, who was not woke and who was a trained litigator needed a warning on this case because I was still young. I was 33, no what, 33 when I joined Fox. But by this time March of of oh six, I was 35 and I'm gonna confess, I saw the fact pattern. I was like, I could see it happening. I'm not so like jaded, certainly not by media, I was barely in it, but or by life that I could never see this happening. You know, lacrosse players, I know I love lacrosse players, truth be told because I went to Syracuse and I dated the captain of the team that won three national championships there.


And I knew a lot of these guys and they were great guys. They certainly weren't a bunch of rapists, but they liked to party. I, You know, it's just the general atmosphere of debauchery did not seem impossible to me and a bunch of guys really drunk at a party, who's to say it's impossible? So I wasn't ready to condemn them knee jerk, but I also wasn't of the thought. No way. And Brit Hume put me on this case who was my boss in the DC Bureau. He was the managing editor down there and it was getting a lot of traction, this case. And he said, you need to go to Durham and get boots on the ground, if you will, and start reporting and, and breaking news in this case.


And I said, okay. And we talked about it and I said, do you think they did it? And he said, what do you think? And I was like, well maybe Now Britt had a very different background than I did. Britt had gone to, I believe a private boys school and he had sent his own son to a private boys school for sure in Virginia. And it was a feeder school for programs like Duke Lacrosse by the way. And Brit had a very nice family background, You know, maybe like a little bit of prestige and and connection. I didn't have any of that. Brit had an academic pedigree that was beautiful and a journalistic pedigree that matched.


And Brit is a brilliant guy, As you probably all know, very, very, very smart. And we used to joke in the DC Bureau about, if Brit says it, it's right, okay, I realize there's some people who are like, well, he didn't get Trump right? He, he was not a big fan of Donald Trump first time around, but nine times outta 10, Brit has his facts straight and his instincts when it comes to news judgment are spot on. So he said to me, be careful, You know that that deep voice he has, be careful. And I said, what do you mean? And he said, the, the media senses something here that is not consistent with the Fox News mission.


And he was talking about leaning into identity politics back then it was called more political correctness. And he said, that's not what we do at Fox News. And he said, go down there and keep an open mind. That was his sole directive to me. Keep an open mind. And honestly, that's all you had to do to get this story right. That's all you had to do. And You know what, not coincidentally, Dan Abrams, the other person who was getting it right and did get it right, went to Duke. My husband went to Duke. And actually it's the reason that Doug and I got married, I'll explain that later. But anyway, so Dan went to Duke and he knew a lot of these guys too. And he and Brit, with that background, they knew from their experience and exposure to guys like, like no, these are not a bunch of gang rapists who happened to just get into Duke.


And they were familiar with media narratives around privilege and white guys that were bs, right? So it was a very interesting collection of those who got it right. And the re what saved me was my background as a litigator and Britt's advice, okay? So I go down to Durham, North Carolina and I was very determined to not only pursue the guys and their story and I developed the best sources you could get on team defense, but also to pursue her the accuser and see if we couldn't find something, something exclusive, something more. And boy did we ever, so we covered both angles of the story and had great sources.


And I'll tell you one other reason why Britt had it, right? My boss and, and encouraged me Because he sensed immediately there, this is a political story in addition to a legal one because what we had in the Duke case was a white district attorney who was up for reelection in an election year in, as I pointed out, a majority minority district. So it was a chance to pander, it was a chance to say to the black residents of Durham, I'll get those privileged white pricks even though I'm a white guy. And Brit read it.


And we actually would later find out that Mike Ong, if he could retire at this sort of higher level, if he could get reelected and he could tihi retire at that level, he would've a much higher pension than he otherwise would. And so he had a personal stake in it, not just to get reelected, but also a personal financial stake in a way, in in pursuing this case and and leading us to believe there really was one, this is the villain of the case. I mean he's the biggest villain, You know, Mike Ong is the biggest villain involved here. And again, the reason we're covering this again is because the other main figure in making this case happen against these young men, crystal Mangum has now for the first time in 19 years, admitted it was all a lie.


We knew that. We just never heard her say it. And by the way, we just got reaction from one of the boys, and I'll read it to you in a minute, one of his lawyers. So we go down to Durham, my producer Jake Gibson, our photog and I, and we start working sources and it was insane. So many crazy things happened when I was down there one night, we were trying to find her, she was impossible to find. She had gone underground, she accused three boys of rape and she went completely underground. No one could find her, no one's even trying to find her 'cause they just wanted to believe her story. And what we did to find her, I mean we went into the strip club after strip club was hilarious actually, because we'd walk in, we, we tried to act like civilians so they wouldn't mark us as press.


And I mean we were two steps into the door of these facilities and they'd say, press and, and my team looked at me and said, it's you. They said we're their bread and butter. They would never suspect us as press. Anyway, we had many funny conversations with these strip club owners where I got my fake strip club stripper name where we asked the one guy what, like what do you think? What would my name be if we, if we got up here? And one of my guys said something like, how about sugar? And he said, white confection or sugar. It was just like the paste stands sugar there is, I don't think it was a compliment. Anywho on we go.


That's just one memory I have. She was sat down by the police and given a photo lineup of the Duke lacrosse team. That was her allegation. I've been gang raped by Duke lacrosse players. And so they gave her the Duke lacrosse roster, which is not an appropriate lineup at all. That's accepting that it was definitely somebody on the Duke lacrosse team. Any sane person would've put in at the police station would've put in non Duke lacrosse players. Plenty of them into a bigger lineup and asked her to choose. Well it turns out she failed even the stacked test that they gave her and was unable to identify anybody.


And we would later learn that she, she went through it at least twice and was unable to identify anybody. And then under pressure, she selected one of the team's captains, Dave Evans, who was a senior and two others. And Colin Finn and Reed Seligman were the other big losers of the crystal Mangum guesses that day. That's finity on the right with the yellow tie Evans in the middle. And Reed Segwin on the left, just so You know, they, they almost went to jail for 30 years. These three boys almost went to prison for decades.


They would still be in prison right now if this woman had her way, if Mike Ong the DA had his way. So the media went wild with it and started reporting the most vile details as though they were true. And I will give the media one crutch here in, in terms of my criticism of their them falling down on the job. It is that Mike Nifong actively misled them in the community about what he knew and what he didn't know. He overstepped bounds that prosecutors should never overstep. You know how now the prosecutors are very loathed to say anything about a case. They'll charge it but they'll say, I'm not gonna charge it in the press. It's not appropriate. The prosecutors are, are supposed to seek justice, not a conviction.


There are exceptions. Hi Fannie. Looking at you. Looking at you sweetheart. There are exceptions like Fannie Willis, but it, it's in part due to the sins committed by Mike Nifong who was out there. We pulled just a couple of them saying things like, we don't have a lot of him on camera, but I'll just read you some of what he said. I believe a crime occurred. The guilty will stand trial and there's no doubt a sexual assault took place. The information I have leads me to conclude a rape did occur, it must be dealt with quickly and harshly. The circumstances of the rape indicated a deep racial motivation for some of the things that were done.


Keep in mind it's all fake, okay? We know now for sure totally fucking fake made up stuff. And the DA is saying there was a rape with a deep racial motivation. It makes a crime that is by its nature one of the most offensive and invasive even more so to M-S-N-B-C. There's evidence of trauma in the victim's vaginal area that was noted when she was examined by a nurse at the hospital. I'm convinced there was a rape says to a BC local where you have the act of rape, essentially a gang rape, it's bad enough in and of itself, but when it's made with racial epithets against the victim, absolutely unconscionable. The, the contempt that was shown for this victim based on her race was totally abhorrent to the New York Times.


The thing that most of us found so abhorrent and the reason I decided to take it over myself was the combination gang like rape activity accompanied by the racial slurs and general racial hostility. This is like, think about this, think about these poor guys knowing they did nothing, they did nothing and they're being accused of being vile, racist rapists by the DA who can't smear them often enough in a complicit media who refuses to pause to check it out. You know the old saying in journalism, if your mother tells you she loves you, check it out. They wouldn't check it out.


His word was gold. They had to be guilty 'cause they were white, they were allegedly privileged and they were prick Duke lacrosse players who don't we all just hate all of them Anyway, meanwhile, they weren't all from families of privilege and, and that was well documented at the time by Hannity on whose show I would go regularly and he knew at least one of them. I think it was Finn who was from his area of Long Island. These kids were not all from families of privilege, but they it no one cared. Duke lacrosse players enough said. And she was a stripper and black and a single mother.


So all of that great, we know what to say. Here's a little bit of ONGs allegations in the press at the time. So 40, What happened here was one of the worst things that's happened since I have become district attorney. The reason that I took this case is because this case says something about Durham that I'm not gonna let me see it. I am not going to allow Durham's view in the mind of the world to be a bunch of lacrosse players from Duke raping a black girl in Durham.


Then I said that the lacrosse team was the focus of the investigation because they self nominated themselves for that. You know, if a body had been found in front of the courthouse with four bullet holes in the back and I said, looks like a murder. But we'd be hearing this thing about, oh, he prejudged the crime. I don't think so. No. The fact is that I didn't pick the crime, I didn't pick the time, but I'm gonna do the case, right? 'cause you deserve that. Is it any wonder that protests arose at Duke and within about three minutes the entire Duke lacrosse season was canceled?


It was canceled by the university. You're all guilty before a trial, before we've even tested the credibility of your accuser. You're done. And you all know at this point now with sports having gotten so big that You know these kids who, who got into Duke lacrosse, one of the best programs in the nation repeatedly, they, they devoted their entire lives. You know, their first 18 years to mastering their abilities at this sport. You get into Duke, it's a dream, it's a great school. You're playing. This is like truly a dream come true. And now because of this one woman's allegations, your entire dream is in shambles. And that guy's out there accusing your teammates.


And if you're one of these three you of being a racist rapist, here's some of the protests we saw. We Will be here from gavel to gavel to when the final jury verdict is read and we demand and are pursuing a new black hearing that this jury verdict come back Guilty, guilty, guilty against the accused. That's right. It should come back. What? Guilty. It should come back. What? Guilty. This Is out in front of the home players signs talking about them being castrated, outrage Duke alum.


I wanted to send a message to the people involved in this assault. The people who think that it's okay to propagate sexual violence and racial violence and black violence. There are not just legal consequences for these act, there are community consequences and that are here today are members of your community and will be here tomorrow and into perpetuity protecting each other and taking care of each other. The community consequences for this action, I guarantee you'll range far beyond the legal consequences that you'll face. We saw a kind of mob mentality that took hold of the activist wing of the Duke faculty, which culminated in an April, 2006 statement signed by 88 Duke faculty members called the group of 88, in which before any charges even had been filed, these 88 faculty members took out an ad, a full page ad in the Duke campus newspaper.


They unequivocally asserted that something had happened to Crystal Mangum. She was claiming rape, the lacrosse players said, said nothing happened. They said that they would continue their activism regardless of what the court decided or what the police said. And they thanked public protestors for not waiting and making themselves heard. And the highest profile public protest that had occurred at that point had been a march in front of the captain's house in which a protestor had carried large signs urging the castration of the La Crosse. Captains Sick, that was Casey Johnson, God bless him, he's a professor in, I think it's Brooklyn College in CUNY City University of New York.


And he's, he's been right on this All along too. He wrote a book about this. He's been on the show many times. You guys may know him. He's been doing great advocacy work on the Title IX revisions and what's happening to young men on college campuses. If you have a young man in your family who's going to college or has over the past 20 years, you owe that man Casey Johnson, a debt of gratitude because no one's done more than he has to try to get to right the ship when it comes to young men's rights on college campuses, their due process rights. And he also saw through this nonsense and was very good about talking about it. So that was him describing after the fact, You know, in a retrospective piece, what happened? Those professors immediately rushed to judgment.


Unlike Brit or Dan, You know, who are familiar with whatever these storied institutions, these professors who worked there were so quick to crap all over it. Yes, duke players suck. Yes, they're evil, they're disgusting, we totally believe it and we're on board. And here is in part what they put in that group of 88 faculty member statement thanking the campus demonstrators for distributing a wanted poster of the Duke lacrosse players calling for them to be castrated at their protest. Their ad reads in part, this is a social disaster. No one is really talking about how to keep the young woman herself central to this conversation regardless of the results of the police investigation.


What is apparent every day now is the anger and fear of many students who know themselves to be objects of racism and sexism. Will they come forward now? I mean truly will they, will the woman who is in that protest video speaking out on that bullhorn, will they come forward and say again, I would like to be heard. And I got it deeply wrong and I'm very, very sorry, very, very sorry because now the accuser has admitted what we knew, which is she lied and made the whole thing up. She made the whole thing up.


The temperatures were rising in Durham and around these boys. The lacrosse season was shut down. The university was in the news every day. And Mike Nifong the DA was briefed by the Durham police investigator who told him that there were a number of weaknesses in this case, including that Mangum the accuser had made inconsistent statements to the cops and had changed her story several times that there was another dancer named Kim Roberts present with her on the night in question at the party. And that she disputed Mango's story saying that she did not see a rape occur and suggesting that the accuser wanted it to appear as if she had been attacked.


And saying that she that, that the lacrosse players were disappointed in their strip tees and that some racial slurs were used. But then they left without any assault taking place that she saw or knew of or heard Crystal Mangum complaint of, okay, Mike Nifong took that information and was not persuaded at all. It was pedal to the metal and we played you some of his public statements about it. He told M-S-N-B-C on March 31st, 2006, that somebody had an arm around her like this, which she then had to struggle with in order to be able to breathe what this is the level of detail he was going into in the public arena knowing nothing.


We would later find out he had never even spoken to Crystal Mangum at this point. He's saying all this stuff. He'd never even spoken to her. What he'd spoken to, who he'd spoken to were his detectives who were telling him there are massive problems with her case and her story's very inconsistent. And the woman who'd been with her who said, don't believe Crystal, he told a reporter with Rally News and Observer, I'm not going to let Durham's view in the minds of the world. You heard some of this be a bunch of lacrosse players from Duke raping a black girl in Durham rush to judgment anyone the goal again to achieve justice, not a conviction. On in early April between the seventh and the 10th 2006, there was DNA testing of the rape kit, which found DNA from up to four different males.


Not one of whom was a Duke lacrosse member. And the day that happened, the initial reports that it was up to five the day that happened. I broke that news on Sean Hannity's show that night in primetime and it was a huge development in the case that now they had the DNA test back, there was in fact semen from multiple men inside of the accuser and not one of those men was named Reed Seligman, Dave Evans or Colin Finn, nor a player on the Duke lacrosse team at all. That is it folks, that's ballgame.


And I had it dead to rights. I went out on the air that night and reported it and it was huge. News should have been over, Nyong should have ended his case the next day that's what happened, in fact was April 11th, he comes out and says to the news media, it doesn't mean nothing happened, it just means nothing was left behind. Okay? So she had sex with at least four men right around the time that she was allegedly gang raped. And the three now gang raps who she wasn't able to to identify in the first two passes of the photo lineup, which was already biased, took time to put on condoms that they just happened to have on their persons when they allegedly locked her in a bathroom.


Which by the way, where she said she was raped orally, anally and vaginally and didn't get a mark on them, not a, not a fingernail mark on them nothing. And somehow managed to escape without leaving any DA on her. This is what we were dealing with. It was becoming more and more obvious. And yet by the way the media held on, it's not like even at this point the media was like, she's a liar. No, they held on, if you go back and look at the reporting, they still, the New York Times was among the worst to cover this. On April 17th after that news, Nyong sought the indictments against Finn and Seligman for first degree rape, first degree sex offense and kidnapping.


And within a month he indicted Dave Evans for the same unbeliev. After all I just said this was mind blowing. But the media was not reporting these details and most in the public was not aware of these exonerating details. Dave Evans at the indictment, the team captain came out and made a brief statement. He hadn't spoken to any of the media, none of them had. I was there and the part I remember the best, I don't think we have it in the soundbite, but was he looked at us and said, I am innocent. You have all been told some fantastic lies.


Watch These allegations are lies fabricated and fabricated and they will be proven wrong. It was as clear a statement of innocence As you could get. It was not, I will not be found guilty or I deny these allegations or I would never, it was I am innocent, these are lies and they'll be proven untrue. And every word of that was correct. Still the media and this DA pushed forward May 18th, 2006, Nyong handed over discovery mirror materials to the defense, but they did not include any underlying data or information about the DNA testing and analysis did not include any documentation or information indicating the presence of DNA from multiple unidentified males on the rape kit.


Items did not provide statements of any witnesses taken during the investigation. Ong told the court the state is not aware of any additional material or information which may be exculpatory, meaning tending to prove innocence. October 27th, 2006, lawyers for the defendants finally determined that they were not given the results of the DNA tests. And in December, UNG finally interviewed Crystal Mangum December, this case started the previous march we're coming up on a year Now when he finally did, he discovered that her story had changed. She was unable now to say whether she'd been raped at all.


Did he drop the case? No. No. Let me give you a feeling of what else was happening. I was still down there. Up and down between DC and Durham. And we figured out, thanks to our visit, to these strip clubs where Crystal Manga lived. And so my team and I, the three of us drove over there. It was in a not great neighborhood. We were a little scared and a police officer actually stopped us when we got almost into the neighborhood and said, what are you doing? And we said, we're looking for the accuser in the the Duke case. And he said, don't go in this neighborhood. And he said, it's not safe. But we did because we were chasing the story.


What we knew is that she had a boyfriend named Matt and that she lived with him. So we expected that she was gonna be in this home with Matt. And we saw these like serious looking dudes on the corner of this block. And then the next block is we approached her house and none of us wanted to mess with these dudes. And all I can remember is my producer, my photo talk saying, hope that's not Matt. Hope that's not Matt. It was a crazy time. So we get there and the plan was I would go up and ring the doorbell and they would, You know, shoot the scene so that if she came out we'd at least have her on camera.


We might get lucky and and get her to say something. And so I did ring the doorbell and rang the doorbell and rang the doorbell and no one came to the door. And as I'm standing there ringing the doorbell, a car comes out from behind the, the house that she's in and peels out and we can see it's her. So my guys are like, let's go. So I run back into the van, it was like something out of a movie where we started moving before I was actually fully in the van and we followed her and we don't know what to do. We're like, what? We're not even sure if we should be doing this. We're not tabloid, but we do wanna get, You know, something with her on camera. And it would be great if we could actually have her speak into the microphone, give us two lines, where's she going?


That could be newsworthy. All of it. And we followed her for a short time, but we didn't know if this was the right thing to do. We were all very green. So we called back to the DC Bureau and we said, we've got the accuser, she's in our line of sight, she's in the car in front of us and we're following her, but what should we do? What should we do? And the desk, the guy who answered at the desk said, standby, I've gotta get Kim Hume in involved. And so we're standing by as he asked Kim Hume what to do and the the feedback was Continue pursuit. I'm like continue pursuit. So we continue pursuit and didn't quite know where it was gonna lead. Well it stopped at a red light and we got outta the car and we had the camera and we're going up to, to get her on tape.


I mean look, this woman was presumed by everybody to be a rape victim, but she was not presumed to be a rape victim by us. We had serious doubts about whether she was telling the truth. These guys' pictures were all over everywhere. Their career as lacrosse players had already been brought to an unceremonious early end and we did not think she was off limits. And so we went up to get her on camera and she threw herself on, on the passenger side of her car and covered her head and we said, we're outta here. That's too much for us. We're not gonna do this anymore. And I think that was the right call. And I don't, I think chasing her initially was the right call too.


But at some point as a reporter, your humanity kicks in and you say, let's do this but we'll do it another way. So we got back into the van and we took off and we were not able to find her again and no one was. Now I did track down her father who told me, and I reported this exclusively on Fox News at the time that she was claiming she'd been sodomized by these boys with a broomstick, which is just so absurd. You know, again, the, the woman who was with her doesn't even remember anything happening to her. But she was in a closet so long in a bathroom so long with these guys. They were using other objects but they had their condoms on so that no would seem like just the notion of it. And then it was dropped by another news outlet that she had accused other men of gang rape when she was 18.


And now you see a clear profile of this woman coming out, but still Ong pressed forward and still the press was derelict in its duty. Eventually we, the case was taken away from Mike Diong. Eventually what we had was an attorney general step in and take over this case. His name was Roy Cooper. He eventually became governor of the state, but he held a press conference in which he announced that he was dropping the charges against the three. They, they figured out that Nyong was a dishonest broker that he hadn't handed over required discovery to the defense, including DNA results.


And that this was an out of control rogue prosecutor and, and a miscarriage of Justice. He stepped in and announced that these guys were not guilty and he was dropping the charges. Here's a bit of that. The result of our review and investigation shows clearly that there is insufficient evidence to proceed on any of the charges. Today we are filing notices of dismissal for all charges against Reed Seligman, Colin Finn and David Evans. The result is that these cases are over and no more criminal proceedings will occur.


We believe that these cases were the result of a tragic rush to accuse and a failure to verify serious allegations based on the significant inconsistencies between the evidence and the various accounts given by the accusing witness. We believe these three individuals are innocent of these charges. Guy, I got a chill just listening to that actually brings up like an emotion for me. They'd been put through hell.


I remember Reed Seligman had receipts second by second for where he'd been that night showing that he could not possibly have committed this crime. And she made a mistake in picking him. 'cause like he really had an alibi still. They put him through this same hell that they put the other two through and their parents absolutely batshit crazy over what was being done to their boys. And yet no one giving them a fair shake. Not the da, not the media no one, almost no one. That was a, an extraordinary day when finally someone of reason took over and Dave Evans spoke out on April 11th, that same day 2007.


Listen, My parents and my sister Lord knows I've put them to hell and back and their support is, let me remember and stay true to who I am. In the face of tremendous scrutiny, speculation, and outright fantastic lies. I could never imagine what they've gone through. I was indicted the day after my graduation. As difficult as that weekend while I was finding out on Friday before I was indicted on Monday, I reached a past of my life where I could take some time off. I still worked through it. I didn't want to have I hands, but these boys were ripped out of school. The team that they loved, their friends, everything they'd ever worked for based on lies.


It's painful to remember what we went through in those first days. And it's just a testament to all of our character that we never lashed out. We stood their strong. If you want to know what character is, walk around your campus and see signs and put your photo all over and wanted signs and have people in the media relating you to Hitler and other terrible people from history. When you've done nothing wrong, that is character. Just sit there and take that. As the young men of the Duke University Women's across did, innocent people can be charged of a crime. And it is up to the justice system to determine guilt innocence. Not the news, not speculators and not people with some other agenda.


Well said. Dave Evans, just an example in class fortitude and character. He was given credit there to his two co-defendants, but he deserves a lot as well. All of them do. And the men on the Duke lacrosse team, who nearly had their lives ruined as well just by smears and reputation adjacency, even after NY Fong's claims fell apart. Some on the left, held on to the nonsense. Just one example, her name is Amanda Marotte. She'd written for Slate The Guardian, another le leading progressive publications she has. She defended the hoax. She defended the baseless prosecution even after the charges were brought against Ong because ultimately I'll tell you what happened to him, but it wasn't good.


When he found himself on the defense, she was still standing by this bogus hoax on her blog. She wrote, people who defended the wrongly accused Duke students were rape, loving scum. She complained about the charges being thrown out sarcastically, asking can a few white boys sexually assault a black woman anymore without people getting all wound up about it. She's now the senior politics writer at Salon The Left doesn't throw you out for race baiting and getting it so deeply wrong that you could easily be sued.


They promote you, they celebrate you. They have you write more articles like this one she's author of, I guess it's a book, troll Nation. How the Right became Trump worshiping monsters Set on rat fucking liberals. America and Truth itself. That's lovely. That's our left wing blog salon. Nice, good for you. Must be very proud. Mike Neon did find himself on the receiving end of charges. Crystal Mangum, no, the Attorney General said he would not be charging her even though he clearly could have because of her mental state. They believed she was nuts. So they didn't charge her.


It was very controversial at the time, but they didn't think that was the way to go. They did however, seek to disbar Mike Neon, which was easy. He was disgraced and disbarred and then they went after him criminally. And he wound up having to spend a day in jail, which was symbolic just to say to the public he's the villain. Which yeah, he is. It's clear he did ultimately, after losing his entire career, nevermind his reputation, come out and apologize. It was during his disbarment hearing when he was struggling to save his law license.


Here's some of that. My actions have caused pain to the ities and the civicness and the evidence. I apologize to the extent that my actions have brought disrespect or disrepute to the bar to my community. Didn't work, lost his law license, spent a day in jail for contempt of court. That's what he was being punished for and has never recovered since.


He's still disgraced. And in walking. Example of what happens when a rogue prosecutor misunderstands his role in the system. A lesson. Many prosecutors out there today could stand to benefit from learning, wish they'd pay attention. As for Crystal manga, things did not go well for her after this case fell apart. She came out in 2008. So not long after the, the case was dismissed April of 2007. And she wrote a book. And in her book she reasserted her claims.


She reasserted them. Take a listen to her here from 2008. No one deserves to be sexually assaulted regardless of their profession or regardless of what they have done. I'm a real person. I have feelings. I'm not just an exotic dancer. I'm not just someone who tried to frame someone who was innocent of sexual assault. My only intentions, tensions were for justice. And I wanted justice for myself.


Still a liar. She was threatened with the defamation suit by one of the boys' families at that time. She was do doubling down, just not admitting it. Okay, so we're still supposed to go with mental state. Got it. Supposed to still feel sorry for her. Don't. And that was 2008. And then You know what happened in 2013, she went to prison for second degree murder of her boyfriend. I don't know if it was Matt. Hope that's not Matt. I don't, I'm not sure. She went to jail for second degree murder. And when she was found guilty, news busters reported at the time that they keep an eye on left wing bias.


There were no Duke accuser updates at A-B-C-C-B-S-N-B-C-N-B-R-P-B-S-U-S-A today or the Washington Post. New York Times had a tiny little column on it. Turns out she's a murderer. In addition to being a false rape accuser. Eh, eh, not worth an update, eh, why step on our old narrative. We already took a black eye on it. No reason to make it too. And then this week we get this extraordinary piece of tape from a little old show no one's ever heard of called Let's Talk with Kat, spelled with K in an interview that happened at the North Carolina Correctional Institution for Women.


And finally, finally, almost 19 years after this happened, crystal Mangum tells the truth that she made this whole thing up and addresses the young men specifically. Listen, do you have any regrets That could be, I don't have any regrets. Everything happens to get everybody to the point where they are. Okay? And it is all to show God's love and his forgiveness, his grace and his mercy. Thank you.


It's, it is all to show his glory. I'm a living witness of God's forgiveness. That night, my re Seligman Colin Benner and Dave Evans, they took me into their home and they trusted, the Bible says that you shouldn't do harm to your neighbor that lives trustingly beside you. And they were my brothers and they trusted me that I wouldn't betray their trust.


And I testified falsely against them by saying that they raped me when they didn't. And that was wrong. And I betrayed the trust of a lot of other people who believed in me and made up a story that wasn't true. Because I wanted validation from people and not from God. And that was wrong when God already loved me for who I was regardless.


I didn't need to seek validation from him because I already had validation from him. I just didn't know it. And I hurt my brothers and I hope that they can forgive me and I want them to know that I love them and they didn't deserve that. I hope they can forgive me And that I hope that they can heal and trust God and know that God loves them and that God is loving them through me.


Letting them know that they're valuable and that they didn't deserve that Crystal. Thank you so much. That's a done. Yeah. Can I give you a hug? Yeah. Wow. Wow. So that's how the saga ends. It almost never happens. We were dangerously close to her lies, sending those three innocent, promising amazing young men to prison for the vast majority of their lives.


We were dangerously close to it. I'm glad she acknowledged it. I'm glad she apologized. I don't know what it'll do. She can no longer be prosecuted for lying under oath as she did because the statute of limitations has run on that claim. But she's in prison for a long, long time. Thanks to her second degree murder conviction. The boys did ultimately sue. They sued in a civil suit, duke University, which was settled and reportedly though we don't know, the university paid approximately $20 million to each claimant. That's unconfirmed. We reached out to them to see if they had any reaction to Crystal Mangum finally coming clean.


And we actually have an exclusive statement here from not Dave Evans, but his lawyer, Joe Cheshire, who represents him. This is just to us. I'm extremely pleased that Crystal Mangum finally decided to tell the truth. For those of us that were involved in the Duke lacrosse case, there was never a question as to the innocence of these young men. It was a travesty of Justice caused by one prosecutor's corrupt effort to win an election at the expense of three innocent people. Prosecutorial misconduct can have a devastating impact on the administration of Justice by causing wrongful convictions of innocent people and must be carefully guarded against. Although Ms. Mango's admission is long overdue, it does put the final layer of validation on the unequivocal innocence of these three fine men.


Colin Finn left Duke and enrolled at Loyola College in Maryland. Dave Evans, who you heard there, had already graduated from Duke before he was officially charged. Received an MBA from Wharton at the University of Pennsylvania in May of 2012. Reed Seligman enrolled as a student at Brown University in that fall of 2007 and was an important part of Brown reaching the 2009 NCAA lacrosse tournament. As well as a number 10 national ranking. I believe one of them went on, I think it was Seligman to Law school hoping to practice criminal defense. We'll check that. I think one of them's in finance and I'm not sure what the third one's doing.


Yep. He went to Emory University Law School. Seligman did so good for him. You know, taking that trauma and turning it around to actually save others from going through it is pretty noble. All of this is just so upsetting and it's so deeply immoral. And the presses learn nothing. They're just as vile and disgusting and they do it over and over again. And so do officials who have no business trying to lead the public into thinking there's guilt when there isn't. Like Joe Biden, when he was running for president, saying Kyle Rittenhouse was a white supremacist. The irresponsible rhetoric from Barack Obama in, in these cases, not to mention the entire leftist media, whenever there is a black man on the wrong end of police in a violent confrontation, they they don't learn.


They don't learn. Which is one of the reasons why Leslie Stall should not have been so confused in that clip we showed you yesterday where she spoke to Peggy Noonan about why. Why is it that the legacy media has died? She can feel it happening. Even she's acknowledging it of 60 minutes. Why? This is why you changed nothing. You learned nothing. You doubled and tripled and quadrupled down on the same sins and we no longer trust you. In fact, we loathe you. Look at the way they covered Donald Trump's four indictments. Look at the rogue das who indicted those cases to begin with.


The left has learned nothing. There is no fixing them. There is only forging on without them. That's why shows like this were born. It's why the digital lane has taken off. It's not just all about swagger and good for us when we talk about it, it's, it's because it was important. It's because necessity is the mother of all invention and we needed an honest press and didn't have one. It's journalistic Darwinism finally gonna end with a nice story, A nice piece of this story I mentioned.


It's one of the, this case is one of the reasons that I met my husband. So flashback to 2006 when this was all unfolding, I was going down to Durham, I was doing a lot of reporting and my husband Doug, who I mentioned to you, went to Duke, saw me. I was Megan Kendall then I was still using my first husband. I was the first husband as You know, it ended amicably. But I, I still had Megan Kendall is my name. He saw Megan Kendall reporting on the Duke fake rape case from Durham. And he was interested in the case for obvious reasons. He had gone there, not not that far in the past and wanted to keep up to date on what was happening and like the reporting.


And as it turns out, like the reporter Now, long story short, we were set up and I met him for a blind date. And the rest is history. We met in July of oh six and by September of oh seven he proposed to me and we were married in March of oh eight. And it's funny 'cause one of our traditions is we go out once a year with our friends from New Jersey who we spend the summers with. And time after time we would see family members. I've never actually met the three of the lacrosse players. I've never met one of them, but I've met their dads.


I've met family members who will come up to me. And it used, it used to always happen at this one restaurant we'd go to in New York on this, this celebration. And they were so profoundly thankful for what? Just honest coverage. That's it. I was not on the air every night saying they didn't do it. You know, I wasn't allowed to do that back then. Now I'm much more opinionated and able to share my opinion. But back then I was a straight news reporter and I would never have shared my actual opinion. I could only report the news honestly. And they were so grateful just for that. Just for, for reporting the news. Honestly, You know, I gave you the one example, but there were a lot of them in that case where we bonged in on Hannity with a Fox News alert and set the cable news world on fire with our reporting there.


And it's just a wrong immoral thing where someone who's the target of those kinds of allegations has to be so deeply grateful for just honest coverage about the facts in their case. Anyway, Doug and I lived happily ever after at at least so far went on to have three wonderful kids who we adore. And that's my hope for these three guys too. I don't know personally where their lives took them. They're all older now. You know, they were a figure. They were 20 when this happened to them 20 years ago. So they're probably all married with kids of their own and careers. And it would be great if they'd come and talk about the lessons that they've learned. They've given a couple of interviews.


But I'd love to hear how this very negative experience has affected them positively. 'cause I bet you there's a whole bunch of things in that lane, You know, that would help the people who feel sorry for themselves today because they got a bad test grade or because somebody snubbed them that they could learn from these guys who went through true adversity. You know, not exactly the way our soldiers do, but not, not totally dissimilar from the way our soldiers do. They went through their own kind of hell and have been really great, fine upstanding guys. So they're the heroes of the story. Mike Neon's the villain of the story, crystal Mangum.


It's more complicated. I do believe there's something seriously wrong with her. I don't know if I'll use the term villain. I don't know what to say about her. Hers is a sad sorry case, but in the end, at least this week, she finally did the right thing. Okay, before we sign off today, we did something really fun with the fellows from Ruthless the other day when they were here and we didn't air it 'cause we wanted to save it for you guys this weekend. We got into their four and my one, the four of them favorite Christmas movie Ts the season.


Their hilarious smug does not disappoint in particular. And it's a quick segment, which I think you'll enjoy. We'll be right back


looking for the perfect gift or maybe just a treat for yourself. Firecracker Farm Hot Salt is an awesome gift, beautifully packaged and unlike anything else out there. It's tasty, handcrafted, and totally unique. Perfect for anyone who loves bold flavors. This is not your typical salt. Each stainless steel push grinder is packed with amazing flavor. It's available in heat levels from mild. That's me to wow. That may be you. So there's something for everyone. Every sprinkle brings out incredible flavor without overpowering your dish. Firecracker Farm Hot Salt is made with love by a small family business. Plus a percentage of every sale goes to support Charities Operation 300 and the Pipe Hitter Foundation. But here is the thing. Firecracker is a small operation so they can only make so much at a time, especially during the holidays, there's always a chance they'll run out. So get it while you can. It's the perfect gift, but do not wait too long or you might miss out. Firecracker Farm, hot salt, handcrafted, flavorful, and unforgettable. Get yours today at Firecracker Farm Arm.


Are you overdue for a night out to see a show? We've got you covered at the theater at MGM National Harbor, where big names from every genre. Take the stage, check out the theater's lineup of over 80 shows from hilarious comedians to headlining musicians. See your favorite artist at an expansive resort featuring over 15 dining options, nightlife plus free parking. Find the perfect show for your next night out@mgmnationalharbor.com. Monumental happens here.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda Days with a sporty new civic Accord, HR-V or CR-V. For a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-V, a 4.9% a PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% a PR on a 2025 HR-V. See Dealer for financing details. Exclude Civic SI and Ty r.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph. A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Alright, I'll kick it off and tell you I was very, very torn because I love, love, love watching this movie Christmas in Connecticut. It was made in 1945. It stars Barbara Stanwick. And the fun thing about this movie is she's basically a mar Martha Stewart type who writes like a home, You know, helper column in this popular magazine. But it turns out she's a fraud. She can't cook. She's not a homemaker, she doesn't know what she's doing. She's a city girl living in Manhattan wearing furs. The whole thing is fake. She's using this cook friend of hers to write all this stuff, and that's working out fine for her until the owner of the magazine, Alexander Yardley, which by the way is where I got my daughter's name.


I always tell him you were named after a fat bald old man in Christmas in Connecticut. He gets this idea of trying to honor and celebrate this World War II hero who's just back from war, who really just wants a home cooked meal. And he wants his main writer to celebrate this guy at her Vermont farm by hosting him. But she is not married. She does not have a baby. She does not have a Vermont farm. And she, her editor and this guy who does want to be her husband and happens to own a Vermont farm, talk her into a ruse where she pretends it's all happening and they have the guy come and hears the scene in which they hatch the scheme.


Elizabeth, I just talked with my wife, This is her editor, told Her I didn't have the heart. She told me what she was getting the kids for Christmas, and well, I she sounded so happy. Of course, I know it's asking a lot, but on a pal's in a jam, John darling, it would only be for a few days after all. Dad's been so good to me. I am getting out of it now, thanks to you. Oh, John, couldn't we So he won't lose his job, Elizabeth, I know I shall regret this for the rest of my life, but if it's what you want, Oh, Johnny, you're a lamb. So I take everything back. I'll never forget this. I thank you and my family.


Thanks. You Wait a minute. It's no good. Why not? I can't cook. She Can't cook. She can't cook. Felix, you'll take him with you. He'll do anything for you, Felix. Yes, Mr. To meet him. Felix, I have great news for you. May I have the honor of announcing to you the engagement of our dear Elizabeth to Mr. John slow of Prince of Conello. Thank you. Yes, Felix. I decided quite suddenly Congratulate him. Felix, it's colossal, colossal, true, Catastrophic. So cute. And what I love about it guys, is it's black and white. All these scenes in the snowy outdoors when in a horse drawn sleigh.


And it's just the feeling, You know, that old timey stuff like you're a lamb gives me when I watch this, that makes me love it so much. So, okay, how about you guys? Who wants to go first? I mean, I, I, I love this old black and white and we do a lot of that around my house, but it, I also just like a laugh. And there's nothing funnier than, You know, when you've got a family and everything that goes wrong can go wrong. And it's just like life as a dad, as I've found it within a family. When you're hosting Christmas, like something's going wrong and it's a calamity of errors. So Christmas vacation is my movie. Right? And Chevy Chase In that. Oh wait, standby. We have it teed up, right? We have something. Standby.


Where do you think you're going? Nobody's leaving. Nobody's walking out on this fun old fashioned family Christmas. No, no. We're all in this together. This is a full blown four alarm holiday emergency here. We're gonna press on and we're gonna have the hap hap Happiest Christmas since Spin Crosby tap Dance with Danny Fucking K and we Santa squeeze his fat white ass down that chimney night. He's gonna find the jolliest bunch of assholes, this side of the nuthouse, Classical Good. And it's just like so relatable to me. You know, it's, it's like he has all these air, like finally just lost it. That's it. I just love that movie. That's right. We've all been there at one point or another.


All right, we'll do it this way. So I don't know what yours is, Ashbrook, but my team knows. Let's get into it by them playing some of your favorite Christmas music a movie and we'll all find out together. Football. Oh no, what was I doing? Wake up stupid. Wake up. No. Ow. No, no. I want an official, I You wanna get my leg rifle? You'll shoot your eye out kid. Merry Christmas. Ho ho ho ho.


Once again you have Santa Laying down the law. You know, that is a Christmas story. Christmas movie. Yeah, it's a Christmas story. I've been watching it basically every year since the eighties. And one of the things everybody thinks that movie is about Ralphie who wants a Red Rider BB Gun. And he ultimately gets it at the end of the movie. But I think the movie is really about the dad. And if you listen to Ralphie narrate as an older person, his memories of being a kid, some of the best moments are when his dad loses his mind on a broken furnace. He's mad at the Chicago Bears, he's mad at his neighbor's, stupid dogs who come in and ruin everything in his house. And I just think, I find that guy so hilarious and he's amazing.


I love it. He's like, son's a swearing. It just, it ends mid word, which works. Alright, so the team will show us now, what is Michael Duncan's favorite Christmas movie? I'm a cradle Robert, honey. Beautiful. Just keep going, don't worry about it. Just keep going. You're a therapist. No, no, no. Not, not, not Capricorn, but Libra. Yes. Fun. Okay. This is what you dripped on me. Oh, wax. No, after that it's brown. Okay. Make this stop, please. Oh, oh, chocolate.


Oh no. Before that, after the wax. Oh, oh oh, the syrup? Yes. Yes. Way sticky dude. I would not recommend that. Okay. Okay. Time. Time. Yeah. What is this? This is for Christmases, Megan. It's the greatest Christmas movie. Everyone loves it. Yes. Everyone's telling me to watch this. I've never seen it. Duncan. You gotta watch it. Okay. Is this a chick flick? No, no, no, no, no. It is hilarious. So Vince Vaughn and Reese Witherspoon are sort of living like the childless millennial dream. Like every Christmas they like tell their families, oh, we're doing humanitarian relief in Africa, we can't come over for the holidays and all that sort of stuff.


They show up to the airport and there's a huge storm. And so local news is there to cover it, You know, all the flight cancellations that everything. And here they are, find like they're on camera, they're on live news. And so all their families are watching them not be able to get on their flight. So they have no excuse. So now they finally have to travel to their families for Christmas, and both of their parents are divorced and their sort of dysfunctional families and all this sort of thing. That scene that you saw, there was Vince Vaughn's mother, who is now dating one of his buddies from high school. Oh, Oh no. It's four Christmases of some of the most awkward family exchanges you could imagine. I love that. But the, the lesson in all of this is like, the families could be totally, totally dysfunctional and you may not like each other all the time, but at the end of the day, it's worth it.


And so Reese Witherspoon and Vince Vaughn decided at the end to settle down, have a kid, have a family. So it has a really good message at the end. And it is hilarious. Robert Deval plays Vince Vaughn's father. Oh, and I don't wanna ruin it, but he is the funniest, funniest character in the entire movie. Oh, great tease. It's on, we may watch that tonight. Oh yeah. Okay. IW wanna see here. I, I don't know what comfortably smug would pick mind racing. Neither, neither Do we. Neither do We. I can't wait to see. Okay, let's watch it. Awesome. What The Godfather And we're watching an execution tent.


Fredo. Of course. Honest to God, that's better than his first choice. His first choice. I'm not sure you could have put on your podcast. Yeah. So Amanda wouldn't lemme fit the pic to your team for Eyes Wide Shut. Why The Godfather's not a Christmas movie? It is. So right after that, Michael Corleone, his Christmas shopping with Kay when he realizes his father's been shot. It's a Christmas movie. But the whole idea is this rejection of people who pick Die hard as their favorite Christmas will be like, that was a funny joke 10 years ago. But they cling onto it so strongly. So I propose The Godfather her eyes wide shut. Okay. I All right. I mean, very tenuous link there, but I'll take it, I'll take it very, very if, do you have two minutes additional or do you guys gotta run around?


Sure. We've got two minutes for you. Anytime. I just wanna show you this. So I love Christmas in Connecticut. I love the way it makes me feel. I, I put it on and I just like wrap presents or do something like, it's not something that I would always just be focused on every, every minute of the movie. But the movie I really need you to watch, if you haven't seen it, and the movie I absolutely love is Family Man. Family Man Stars Nicholas Cage and Taylor Leone. And it is so good. The message is so good. The acting so good. It's hilarious. It's, it's a heart tugger. It's got all the elements in it. And it's so wonderful that I teed up the trailer.


'cause I really want you to see it though. It was made now almost 25 years ago. Watch Merry Christmas. I'm giving everything I've got to this deal. You are a credit to capitalism, Jack. Come on, dad, get off. It's Christmas. It's Christmas. Jeff Strong coffee. Where's my Ferrari? You got a Ferrari? Just tell me what's happening to me. This is a glimpse. A glimpse of what? This is not my beautiful house. This is very strange because this isn't my house. Ugh. This is not my beautiful wife.


Those, those aren't my kids. Oh, you're not wearing my dad, are you? I don't have time for this. I'm in the middle of a deal. Well, you're working on a new deal now, baby. Good Lord. You must have needed this every day. You need it in mad wheels. You want me? That is the general idea. Oh God, you're beautiful. How can you look at me like you haven't seen me every day for the last 13 years? Jack, what's up? How you feeling? Baby can't keep coming in and out of people's lives, messing things up. It's not right. I need you to remember me. Kay. Keep it with you no matter what happens.


I love that movie, guys. It's a good one. What a good movie. Yeah. Much. And there's this one scene in there where he says to her, I want us to have a life that people will envy. And they live in this small home in New Jersey. Their kids go to this public school that neither one is making any money. And she says they what they have is amazing marriage. They already do envy us, Jack. And like that right there. That's it. You know, it's like we get sucked into, You know, money or fame or some, some version of success that doesn't involve the real people who you surround yourself with, who you really love, who you're building a life with.


And you, you forget about that, right? You forget that. It's like the genuine love between you and your partner, hopefully like the feeling you have when you pick up your baby and smell his hair. You know, that that is the stuff of envy. You know, and it's a perspective setter at at, at the perfect time of year, right? When we get so materialistic about what matters. Yeah. It's like the, the things that make you happiest in life aren't the acclaim or fame or money. It's the hardest things, right? Like it's, it's family and kids and all that sort of stuff. And it's easy to overlook all of those things. But around the holidays when you're around family, it gets a lot easier.


Well said. Imagine right on way Message. Well, you could watch that or you could watch the shoot him up, kill him, godfather with Fredo. It's your call. It's all that family. It's really, It's a personal preference situation. I'll take the, you guys are the greatest. Merry Christmas. If you do Merry Christmas. Great. You the best. Oh, love the fellas. The fellas are so great. What is your favorite Christmas movie, megan@megankelly.com or just go to megan kelly.com and you can sign up there for our once a week email. It's from me and my pal Meg Storm, who helps me put it together. And we collate all the best events that happen on the show that week, and it gives you the news of the week in one minute or less, which is why we call it the American News Minute.


We also give you the updates where appropriate on what's happening behind the scenes on the show. And with my sweet, sweet Strudwick never fails to disappoint. So check it out. Go to megan kelly.com and we look forward to seeing you Monday. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Are you overdue for a night out to see a show? We've got you covered at the theater at MGM National Harbor, where big names from every genre. Take the stage, check out the theater's lineup of over 80 shows from hilarious comedians to headlining musicians. See your favorite artist at an expansive resort featuring over 15 dining options, nightlife plus free parking. Find the perfect show for your next night out at MGM national harbor.com. Monumental happens here.


We all want to see our loved ones living their best lives, but it's hard when they're struggling with drugs and alcohol. For nearly 70 years, Karen has made it possible for so many to imagine a life beyond addiction. We combine advanced neuroscience with life-changing care. Visit CARO n.org, Karen, where the science of treatment meets the heart of care. Now in network with most insurances, that's CARO n.org.