
Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. All right, sweetie. Pie buckle. Oh, good job. Or ring the bell on their bike. Okay, Kid, give it a try. Nice. Or remember, their elbow pads Needs two. Okay. Yep. There you Go. New Instagram teen accounts. Automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see.


Hi there. It's Will Arnett here, host of Smartlist podcasts I do with my pals, Sade and Jason Bateman. On Smartlist, we connect people from all walks of life with special guests from Larry David, Selena Gomez, Arnold Schwartzenegger to Presidents, Joe Biden, Barack Obama, and Bill Clinton. But it's an Off the Cuff podcast by examining the nooks and crannies of an English muffin to breaking down world affairs. And now you can hear every new episode a full week early on the SiriusXM app. Download the SiriusXM app today to start listening.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. With less than three weeks to go before Americans make their voices heard, an issue that has honestly helped define this show since its inception, not to mention my own life in recent years, it's not a personal issue for me, it's just an important issue to me as a citizen, is now front and center in campaign 2024. And it's about time.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you, that someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable, but it's a sad reality for some American homeowners and a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. It's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, and then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megan and Home Title Lock dot com or by using the link below.


I'm speaking about the transing of our children and women's rights and girls' rights. There are a few, if any, shows that have done more on this topic than we have here at the MK Show. Way back in October of 2020. We launched in September of 2020 on episode 12 when we were still just an audio podcast, we brought on Abigail Schreyer about her groundbreaking life-changing book today. The book that people don't want you to read or us to talk about. But guess what? We're gonna do it. It's called Irreversible Damage And. it is important.


The book is about the number of girls who are declaring themselves transgender and how that number is skyrocketing. Since then, we've covered the dangerous ideology that has been forced on us in our children, in our schools and our communities at length. From the genital surgeries on healthy young boys and girls, cutting off perfectly healthy body parts to the detransition who've been hurt by this insane ideology who then get ignored by the media and rejected by the community that love bombed them into doing this to themselves in the first place.


We've discussed many times the impact on sports as boys and men invade women's spaces and sports and take their prize money and take the glory of winning away from them in matches that are neither fair nor safe. Back in June of 2023, it was episode 5 64 that I stated publicly after I had on Kelly J Keen, who really convinced me that it was time to stop using the so-called preferred pronouns. I have resolved to base my conversations around gender on the same tenets that already govern my life, truth and reality.


I will not use preferred pronouns, a decision motivated by a growing alarm over women's rights and the safety of children. I will speak to a trans person kindly and with empathy in their presence. I will likely try to avoid pronouns altogether as I have no wish to intentionally provoke or upset anyone. But I will not take this gateway drug anymore because I have a daughter. Because I am a woman, an adult human female. Hmm. I get emotional just hearing that. It's just what we've done to ourselves, what we've done to our kids, what we've done in seeding this whole argument to the trans activists who are the worst people, honestly, they're just so vicious.


They're they're men. Nine times outta 10, it's men posing as women who try to stifle and shut up women and girls who are speaking up for themselves and their rights. It's gone on for too long. While we were all asleep, they got laws changed in state after state, and only now has the sleeping giant been awoken to what they did, and we need to fight back. I've often mentioned that this topic has turned me into an almost single issue voter, and I did predict that this would be a critical topic in the 2024 race. Didn't realize it would take quite so long, but better late than never. Finally, these Republicans are waking up to the fact that the electorate is not in favor of this stuff.


Not Democrats or Republicans. Nevermind Independences. In fact, according to an article that just dropped, it was October 8th in the New York Times, the Trump campaign's most aired ad in recent weeks about Kamala Harris has been along these lines. Kamala supports taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners surgery For prisoners. For prisoners. Every transgender inmate in the prison system would have access. It's hard to believe, but it's true. Even the liberal media was shocked. Kamala supports taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners and illegal aliens. Every transgender inmate would have access.


Kamala is for they them. President Trump is for you. I'm Donald J. Trump and I approve this message. This past Wednesday, Fox News's, Brett Bayer sat down with Vice President Harris and asked her about the ad. Are you still in support of using taxpayer dollars to help prison inmates or detained illegal aliens to transition to another gender? I will follow the law. And it's a law that Donald Trump actually follows. The Trump aides say that he never advocated for that prison policy and no gender transition surgeries Happened during his take. Responsible for what happened in your administration. Yeah, no surgeries happened in this pre presidency. It's in Black and white. So would you still advocate for using taxpayer dollars for gender reassignment Surgeries?


I will follow the laws. I think it's real. He spent $20 million on those ads trying to create a sense of fear in the voters because he actually has no plan in this election that is about focusing on the needs of the American people. Whereas at $20 million on that ad on an issue that as it relates to the biggest issues that affect the American people, it's really quite remote. And again, his policy was no different. Oh, quite remote you say. And yet that quite remote issue is making headlines on both the left and the right and becoming a serious problem for Team Blue.


Because in reality, vice President Harris, it impacts all of us. Every single person who gives a damn about children and about women's rights according to the Times privately quote, democratic strategists concede that the transgender attacks are taking a toll in some states end quote. And guess which states those are the critical swing states in this election. The Times noting that the ads have been running in key Senate races, including in Montana. Don't forget the Republicans, they're gonna win West Virginia Senate race. If they get Montana, they get control of the Senate as long as they can hold the seats they now have in Montana, in Ohio, in Pennsylvania, in Texas and Wisconsin.


Yes, Texas is tighter than the Republicans would like it to be. But this issue has taken center stage. The Wall Street Journal editorial board wrote on October 13th that quote, transgender sports is a 2024 sleeper issue. Welcome to the Party Wall Street Journal. My God, it's just so annoying sleeper issue. Like everybody out who listens to this show knows that this has been an important issue for a long time. It's just that these highbrow mainstream media types have been totally ignoring it. Oh, like her, it's a remote issue. Really sterilizing and chopping up the bo healthy body parts of children. It's just, eh, it's a sleeper issue. Screw you.


The Wall Street Journal went so far to suggest it might cost Democrats control of Congress this year. Hello McFly. Hello. We've been telling you all along, this is a huge issue. It doesn't have the support of the majority of Americans. What it needed was media coverage. That's it. We'll get to Kamala Harris trying to claim, you know Trump. Oh, he did it too. That's a lie. But I'm gonna get to exactly what she did. She says, I follow the law. I follow the law. No, no. She worked in California to change the law to allow this, she worked to change the law. Now she looks Brett bear in the eye and says, oh, I don't, I I have no agency.


What do you mean I'm, I'm just gonna follow the law. Whatever it is when I get there, thanks to Obama, the policy was we're gonna pay for these procedures for these inmates. Trump got in there and he worked to change that. He challenged it legally and he challenged it administratively. And then by the time he left, after he left a prisoner, wound up having a procedure under Joe Biden on the taxpayer dime. Joe Biden liked the old procedure. He wanted the Obama policy of let's pay for it all. But now they're trying to pin that on Trump because he didn't actually get the policy reversed though. He worked against it while president, that is apples to oranges. I mean that you cannot compare. She worked actively as ag of California to change the policy, which did not allow it.


She was 180 degrees away from where Trump is. Alright, back to the Senate and how this is playing out Ohio every, the, the Senate races, as you know. Then the house races too. They're, they're not about swing states, they're about numbers. Sheer raw numbers. The Republicans need to win two, two seats and it's a great year for them to do it. And if they don't do it this year, it doesn't look good for them the next time around. 'cause it, they're defending a lot more seats. So they're gonna win West Virginia And. it looks good for them in Montana though. Nothing's a lock. And if they could win another seat or two, it would give them some pad And.


it would potentially cover maybe Texas where Ted Cruz is in a real knife fight to save his seat and possibly another. So they would like to run up their numbers and by run up their numbers, I mean win by more than just by winning those two seats where it's, you know, 51 49. They would love to have 53 if they could get it. So that's where these other states come in Ohio. It's possible. It's possible for them. The Democrat is Sherrod Brown and he's the incumbent and he's dealing with the fallout right now from this ad watch. It's just Common sense.


She Brown talks about common sense, but brown voted multiple times to allow transgender, biological males to participate in girls sports. Brown supported allowing minor children to receive sex change surgery. Alright, so Senator Brown has now released a counter attack ad suggesting this, this just isn't true. These are lies. And he is now getting hit by the left for that ad. In particular the folks at the Advocate, which is pro L-G-B-T-Q. Right? So he's in a tough position because he's gotta tell the normies in Ohio that he's not for all the stuff that he's for. And now the left wing folks are kind of irritated.


So no, they're not gonna run over and vote for the Republican, but they might not vote if this is their big issue. It depresses the excitement, the enthusiasm and so on. So it's not a great time for these incumbent Democrats to have this come up 'cause they, they have very little wiggle room. Then there's Wisconsin Democratic Senator Tammy Baldwin, who not so long ago was considered a SHU in and now is apparently in more of a nailbiter in her race. Watch this As the mom of a daughter. I'm livid that boys are now being allowed to compete in girls' sports. It's just wrong. And I blame Tammy Baldwin. Hmm, you should, because like most Democrats, she's on the wrong side of this issue.


The issue is also front and center. It was at this week's fiery Senate debate down in Texas where Republican senator Ted Cruz is trying to fend off a stronger than expected challenge from Congressman Colin Allred. Watch this Four times. He has come out for men playing in women's sports for boys playing in girls sports. He is a co-sponsor. And he voted for a law called the Equality Act. The Equality Act mandated that boys be able to go in girls' bathrooms in their locker rooms and their changing rooms. He voted for it. That is his record. Congressman Allred was an NFL linebacker. It is not fair for a man to compete against women.


You know, when Ted Cruz starts talking about team sports, you gotta watch out because the only position he ever played was left out. And I'm not trying to be mean senator, but let you know. Just, you know, sit this one out. Please listen, I don't support boys playing girls sports. I don't Why'd you vote for it? Stop. Stop. Lemme vote. Lemme speak for, lemme speak. What I think is that folks should not be discriminated against. He lied. He lied, lied, lied. He's a liar. I'm gonna, I All right, let's go through what Colin Allred. Oh, he's so likable. He's a former NFL football player. He is a native son in Texas, born and raised. He's a former linebacker. Sure.


He is a manly man. He's gonna look out for the young girls. First of all, he has no girls. So just FYI. He's got two sons. He has no daughters. Maybe he'd look at this differently if he did. And second of all, he's a liar, which is disqualifying, please. My Texas viewers and listeners, and I know we have a ton of them. We can see where our biggest cities are. And we're big in Texas. I know this. Please, please listen to me. Now, Colin in Allred, not only is on the wrong side of this, but he lied to you. He lied right to you in that debate. It's not just like he took one little position that he's trying to disavow. Let, I'll go through it with you. Here's his history. In March of 2023, he voted against HR five 'cause he's a US congressman.


He voted against us. Five, the parental Bill of Rights, which would require schools to notify parents about opening up sports to all genders and would require schools to obtain parental consent before they let a child change their gender markers or name or change their sex-based accommodations. All that said, that was saying before, my daughter shows up at your school and you start calling her Joe instead of Jane. And you start letting her go into the boys' room instead of the girl's room. Where by the way, she's probably not safe to pose as a boy with the other boys.


You have to tell me, let me tell you, this is so huge. It all, the studies show that well into the 90 percentile of kids who socially transition, which is what that is, will go on to the puberty blockers and the cross-sex hormones. Once they socially transition, it's almost impossible to undo it. They have skin in the game. They feel embarrassed, they feel they don't wanna admit they made a mistake. And then you're off to sterilization and body parts being chopped off and a lifetime of difficulty, aggravation and mental health problems. A school doing this without notifying the parents is child abuse.


It is the most flagrant disregard of parental rights you can get. And so HR five was an attempt to say, schools must notify parents before they allow that social transitioning is what they're talking about. And also, before they decide to open up sports to all genders, which is a safety issue, not to mention fair, but a fairness issue. But he voted against it. Colin Allred voted against it. He would have men who look like he does, like the size of a linebacker, be able to come over into girls' field hockey and volleyball, tennis, you name it. And then he lied.


He lied at that debate saying that he, he never did any of this. And it's not true. His, his ad says he didn't do it. Here's his ad responding to Ted Cruz's ad, which attacked him on all this stuff. What? Listen to him lie more Ted Cruz is lying again, but now he's lying about our children. I'm a dad, I'm also a Christian. And my faith has taught me that all kids are God's kids. So let me be clear. I don't want boys playing girls' sports or any of this ridiculous stuff that Ted Cruz is saying. Ted Cruz is lying about my record. 'cause he can't defend his own. He's done nothing to secure the border.


He wants to raise the retirement age for social security. He's full of it. You know that. I'm Colin Allred and I approve this message. He's a liar. Listen to this. He voted against as a US congressman, HR 7 34, the protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act. That act would have prohibited males from participating in school athletic programs meant for girls. He had the chance to ban it and he refused. He refused. Can we play the ad again? Play the ad again. Ted Cruz is lying again, but now he's lying about our children. I'm a dad, I'm also a Christian.


And my faith has taught me that all kids are God's kids. So let me be clear. I don't want boys playing girls sports or any of this ridiculous stuff that Ted Cruz is saying. Ted Cruz is lying about my record. 'cause he can't defend his own. He's done nothing to secure the border. He wants to raise the retirement age for social security. He's full of it. You know that I'm calling Allred and I approve this message. I don't want boys playing in girls sports. He had the chance to sign on to a law that would've prohibited it. And he voted no more than that. In June of 2023, he co-sponsored a law that quote would force public schools to allow biologically male athletes who identify as transgender on the girls sports teams.


He co-sponsored the law to require it in public schools. The blatant dishonesty. Colin Allred, you're a disgusting liar. The receipts are right here. It goes on. In March of 2023, he co-sponsor a resolution recognizing that it is the duty of the federal government to develop and implement a transgender bill of rights. It specific, specifically calls for federal law to ensure that biological men can participate on sports teams and in programs that best align with their gender identity and use school facilities that best align with their gender identity.


He just looked you in the eye and told you that wasn't true. He's not trying to allow boys into girl sports. This is unbelievable. In February, back in February of 2021, he co-sponsored and voted for a revised version of the disgusting quote Equality Act. Under this act, an individual shall not be denied access to a shared facility, including a restroom, a locker room, and a dressing room that is in accordance with that individual's gender identity. He co-sponsored a mandate that would require boys to have access to your daughter's bathroom, locker room, and dressing room.


That's Colin Allred. Ted Cruz has been fighting against all of this for years. It's the, the goal for this guy to stand on that debate stage and look at Ted Cruz and try to mock his athleticism as a kid. And, oh, big tough linebacker. Let me tell you about the sports. What you tried to do was make it so your sons can come into our daughter's locker room, sir. So screw you. It, it, it keeps going. I could go back. I mean, I have another page of Colin Allred's behavior on this. I think you get the picture.


I think you get the picture. Don't vote for him. Please. I urge you Texans who listen to this show and watch this show, please. I like Ted Cruz. I'd vote for him anyway. Please do not vote for this man. Colin Allred. Ted Cruz is the only option if you care about this issue at all. And it's not just Texas, it's not just Ohio. It's CNN. Now forced, thanks to the Times giving this attention thanks to the Wall Street Journal, finally giving this attention. CNN Now finally forced to note this is becoming quite an issue in this race. So the bottom line is Republicans are running on this issue because it's a winning issue for them.


In fact, it's a rare issue that unites Republicans and divides Democrats. So take a look here. Thinks transgender athletes should only plan teams that match their birth gender. Look at this. 48% of Democrats, the slight plurality actually agree with that idea. 47% opposed. Among Republicans, it's alaw. 93% agree with the idea versus just 6% opposed This issue's not going away. And that brings me to my guest. Alright, former prosecutor Matt Murphy, he's been on the show before. He was recently on for a show we taped to air Christmas week. When I go on vacation And, it was on a different topic, and you'll see that when we get closer to Christmas.


But we also got into one of the most chilling murders we've ever discussed on this show. The case centers around a biological man who's now serving a life sentence in California for luring an innocent couple onto their own boat that they were trying to sell. He posed as a potential buyer, got them to come onto their own boat, ostensibly to, you know, kick the tires and see if he wanted to buy it. And instead he tied them to an anchor and threw them overboard. This sick guy recently underwent a taxpayer funded sex change operation in California thanks to Kamala Harris.


Okay, this is not the only one. Before I show you my interview with Matt Murphy, let me just tell you what happened in California. Thanks to her. She says to Brett, bear, I'll follow the law. She changed the law, as I pointed out in California, to allow this to mandate that the taxpayers fund these surgeries that is thanks to her. What happened in California was there were a couple of people who wanted this, who were in the prison system, and there was one named Jeffrey Bryan Norsworthy, who in 2015 was serving a pri prison sentence for murder who sued the state's prison system to compel them to pay for a sex change operation.


Her office initially oversaw California's fight to block that surgery. This was back in the days where we knew this was wrong. The inmate wound up paroled right before the state had to cover the cost. Okay? But then there was another inmate who came forward. His name was Rodney Quinine, Q-U-I-N-E, serving a life sentence for murder. And he filed a similar lawsuit amid the states battle over this issue, okay? They were still battling with this guy Norsworthy, who ultimately was paroled before they had to cover the costs. But in comes this guy, Rodney Quinine and the state still engaged in this ongoing battle with Norsworthy.


And at this point Harris negotiated a settlement quoting here from the free beacon in which the state paid for equines sex change surgery and hundreds of thousands of dollars in attorney's fees. Now here's the thing, the law still at that point said, no, we're not paying for this surgery. But Kamala Harris worked behind the scenes to change the policy so that quinine could get it and all other inmates in California could get it and taxpayers would have to pay for it. I'm gonna play her soundbite bragging about it to an L-G-B-T-Q group.


But lemme just tell you a word about quinine. Alright? KCRA out in California reports this guy kidnapped a 33-year-old father of three over $80. And the man's car, his daughter later came out and said her father begged for his life, 33 years old. They, he was merciless. This guy, quinine quinine gets imprisoned and thanks to Kamala Harris, quinine gets a sex change operation in prison on the California taxpayer's dime, including the daughter of the victim who said, this is a slap in the face. I am paying for the sex change operation of the man who killed my father over $33 and a car, notwithstanding my father's begging for mercy, begging to have his life spared.


She was forced by you, Kamala Harris, to pay for that operation. And here is Kamala Harris's in, in her own words, bragging about that role she played in changing the policy in California. Watch, When I was Attorney General, I learned that the California Department of Corrections, which was a client of mine, I didn't get to choose my client, that they were standing in the way of, of, of surgery for prisoners. For prisoners. And there was a specific case. And when I learned about the case, I worked behind the scenes to not only make sure that that transgender woman got the services she was deserving.


So it wasn't only about that case, I made sure that they changed the policy in the state of California so that every transgender inmate in the prison system would have access to the medical care that they desired and need. And I believe it was not only, I know it was historic in California, but I believe actually it may have been one of the first, if not the first in the country where I pushed for that policy. She's proud of it. Just to clarify what I said, I'm getting all hot and bothered. I'm, I'm screwing up my facts. The, the, the victim was 33 years old and a father of three, it was over $80, $80 in his car that he was attacked. And he was m murdered, he was kidnapped, he was murdered, and he was robbed.


And that is what this guy Quinine was convicted of. It's disgusting. I, as you guys know, 'cause you listen to my show, I thought Bret did a great job in this interview with Kamala Harris the other night. But this is, this is where, you know, had it been yours truly there, I would've followed up when she said, I'll follow the law, I'll follow the law. Same as President Trump. I would've said, you worked to change the law by your own admission in California, you worked to mandate that taxpayers provide these surgeries. And I would've played that soundbite. You act as though you have no agency, you did as Attorney General, and you certainly would as president.


So do you or do you not stand by your 2019 A CLU questionnaire where you said you wanted at the federal level to mandate taxpayer funded sex change operations in every prison. And will you promise the voters that you will work to undo any policy that now exists that requires it? She's so dishonest. She says dishonest is Colin Allred. She knows exactly what she did. She not only made sure this guy quinine got a sex change surgery on the taxpayer's dime, but she made sure this other guy who Matt Murphy told us about got the same.


And he is one of the most disgusting criminals in California history. Here's my interview with 27 year prosecutor Matt Murphy on that. Matt, I've gotta ask you about this case. It's all over the news right now. This was your case. Team Trump has realized in the waning days of this campaign that the insanity that's happening with respect to women's rights versus trans rights is a very hot election issue. You're starting to see this issue with, in particular, Democrats being on the wrong side of this, raised in the Texas Senate race in Wisconsin, in Michigan, and at the presidential level between Trump and Harris.


He's got an ad running in almost every NFL game reminding people that Kamala Harris both wrote explicitly that she's in favor of tax payer funded sex change operations for prisoners and for illegal immigrants. And that she's on camera bragging about having done it in California. And you were the prosecutor of the one man in particular who's been in the news thanks to the free beacon, which raised this, who she basically, I mean he, he can thank his taxpayer funded sex change operation in California to, to Kamala Harris. He can thank her for it.


He's the so-called yacht killer serving a life sentence. And he got a taxpayer funded sex change surgery thanks to her. His name, last name is Jacobson. Can you tell us about this case? Yeah, his, his, his birth name is Jacobson, his actual name he changed it is Skylar da and that's what he's, he's known as. So yeah, quick rundown on this. This is a guy who, this is one of the worst murders that I'd I'd ever seen, that I ever encountered in my 17 years exclusively of doing homicide cases. Essentially what he did was he, there's a, a, a, a couple named Tom and Jackie Hawks, who retired and bought a yacht called the Well Deserved.


And their, their dream was to sail off into the sunset. And they, their, they had a grandson and they decided to sell their boat and move back to Arizona to help raise the grandson. And these are salt of the earth, wonderful people who really loved each other. She was 47, he was 57, and they went out on what's called a SEA trial, which is basically a test stock drive for a yacht. And they sail out and they were tied to an anchor begging for their lives and thrown overboard. And the person who did that, a as a part of this huge conspiracy was Skyler de Leon. And as we're investigating their disappearance, we find an Interpol liaison card for the L lapd.


Turns out Skylar was responsible for a completely different murder about 10 months earlier down in Mexico of a guy named John Peter Jar, who Skylar lured down there, cut his throat on the side of the road and took $50,000 off of him as a part of another big manipulative, Hey, we have a NOL lose. Probably convinced him they had a drug deal down there or something like that. Skyler Dele is, is one of the most vicious, cruelest and sadistic human beings that has ever existed in the United States of America. This guy lured, he brought his baby onto the boat to lure these people into a false sense of security so they would trust him enough to go out to sea with him.


And then literally forced them to sign Bill of sail documents indicating that they had sold the boat to Skyler. They took them out to sea. Jackie Hawks was begging for her life. Tom and Jackie are, they subdued them with stun guns. They, they, they tasered Jackie Hawks as they, as they physically overwhelmed her husband. They, they threatened each one and basically saying, if you don't sign this, we are going to, we're gonna hurt your, we're gonna hurt your, your husband. If you don't sign it, we're gonna hurt your wife Tom, who is a retired probation officer and fireman, somebody who really contributed to, to the world and society. He said, you know, it just don't hurt my wife.


I'll sign anything you want. And once they got the form signed, instead of bringing them in like they promised, they took him out to sea knowing that they were gonna die. Tom Hawks was stroking his wife's hand, who, who was still saying, I need to see my grandchild one more time, stroking her hand saying, it's okay, we're gonna be together. And then they, they literally took him out on the sand, the boat tied him to an anchor and threw the anchor in the cold November Ocean off of Catalina Island and, and, and drown them. And that guy, so Skyler had $50,000 in cash after the murder of John Jarvi. Now all this sex change stuff, he had enough money to get the sex change 10 months before and instead He, so, but, and that, but that, and that was allegedly one of the motives, like one of the reasons he wanted the money was so he paid for his own Wanted.


No, he just wanted the money. This this sex change is a manipulation by Skylar Deion. Skylar de Leon is a pathological liar. He was in the Marine Corps for about a minute before he went awol, but he had a force recon tattoo and would tell everybody he was, he was in the special forces in the Marine Corps, this guy. So I was a DA for 26 years. Mad. This is the best liar I have ever seen of all of 'em. Wow. Ed Shin of all of 'em. Wow. This guy showed up with these documents and, and, and Tom and Jackie Hawks were missing. The families worried sick. It's approaching the holidays. They were really nice loved people with a lot of friends and family and they just disappeared.


And Skylar and his wife Jennifer show up with the, with the boat and these bill of sale documents. And when they interviewed Skylar and I monitored this myself, they were so convincing, but especially Skylar and what he is, is he, he, he went through his life telling everybody he was a ate he wasn't, he he would, he he was a pathological liar. Who would, any tale he could tell that could manipulate somebody into giving him something that he wanted, he would do it over and over and over again. So he had $50,000 in cash after the murder of John Jar. And they blew it on. They bought a new car, they paid off some credit card bills. He bought a $900 sex toy the day, like the day he murdered Jar, he crosses back into the, into the United States, finds the thing online and purchases it with the money.


So he has this, he has a little spending spree. They, they go through the money in about 48 hours buying stuff, frivolous things. So the idea that he committed this murder out of some desire to, to for to have gender re reaffirming surgery is absolutely bogus. This is a manipulation where he's taking advantage of the trans community and he's garnering sympathies so that he can get additional privileges so that he can get sympathies, that he can get trips out of the, out of the prison. I mean, this guy's Prison. Well so now, but now but now he did in prison, get the surgery, right? I mean he wrote, right, well, well we know he did and he confirmed it personally.


And you paid for it, Matt, Right? Me and my, my fellow Californians paid for that. This is a slap in the face to the victims in that family. Look, this is not a political statement and I I'm, I'm sure you feel the same way. I have nothing but support for anybody that feels that they've gotta, you know, have surgery to be a happier person. I'm all for it. I have no problem with the trans community. I support them with a trans colleague. I'm like, live and let, live as you can possibly get this man and what he did. Nobody should be taking him onto their team. This guy manipulates, at least this time people aren't gonna die because they believe his bullshit. But the idea that this man is worthy of any sympathy or our tax dollars to do this, he's a condemned prisoner.


He's been sentenced to death. Okay? And I know California has a moratorium on it. I understand he'll never be executed in the state of California. But the idea that we are spending precious medical resources to give Styler de Leon not like a burglar who's in there, who is on the eve of his surgery gonna get arrested. But this man who murdered these three people, especially Tom and Jackie Hawks, is a slap in the face to the victims. It really is And it is, it is something that people, people should educate themself about this case. And part of the problem is that the media that's coming out on it, they're identifying him as with his birth name as John Julius Jacobson. This is Skylar de Leon. He, he changed his name legally and he did it after he went awol from the Marine Corps in part to make it harder for them to track him down.


But this guy, this is a ruthless psychopath that that used his kid, used his infant child to brought, brought on, brought his child onto the boat with the express purpose of luring Tom and Jackie Hawks into a false sense of security. He literally said that to his wife, Hey, you gotta bring the kid, bring Haley down here so that we can put these people at ease. So we can take them out to see this is, this is a you, you don't get any more vicious as far as killings go. You don't get any darker or more disturbing. And the idea that, that we're spending precious medical resources on this guy, in my view is morally wrong.


You know, like it's just, that's not a political state. Kamala Harris's logic. It's to alleviate his emotional stress in being trapped in the wrong body. Who cares if this guy's feeling emotion? There's a way we alleviate or emotional good. Yeah, there's a way that we could alleviate his emotional stress by carrying out the execution that was ordered by the judge in that case. I mean that, that would, that would alleviate it. And we, and we could spend that, that that limited hospital time, precious resources on a child that, that needs a, some sort of transplant. There's better uses for that money than making a monster like that comfortable with his own body. And, and, and here's my biggest problem is that it's a con, it's not real.


He went ahead with the surgery, but that's, it's all about shock. And it's, he's gonna try to get into a women's prison. Now, he's a, now he's a male in San Quent. I don't know where they have him housed right now. Last I checked, which wasn't that long ago. He was still in San Quentin. But now, so now he is a, he is a woman in under the laws of the state of California. Fine, but can you really house him with men anymore? So he's been trying to get, from the minute he was arrested, in our case, Megan, he was trying to get transferred over to the women's jail. He was, he was wearing women's, he had, he came in with contraband women's t-shirts. Like he's been, this has been his thing since he was arrested. It's not real. This, this was a, he was in the Marines and he was a father with two kids.


And I understand like people can change and I, and people can decide to do that more power to him. I have no beef with anybody that any adult that wants to, wants to go through that surgery. But when you're, when you have been sentenced to death for one of the most vicious and depraved murders that turned out to be three murders. 'cause he murdered another innocent guy, you know, what are we doing? We're Done. You know, this is the, we like, what are we, what are we doing? What is my state doing? Like he's been sentenced to death, but we wanna make sure that he's comfortable in his own body, which is a common, well, you, You know why you're doing it. You, you're, you're doing it because Kamala Harris made a policy change.


She's bragged about it on camera. She's very proud and it's because of her quote, good work that after she left, but she, he benefited from the policies. This guy was able to bill the California taxpayers, the, the truckers, the waitresses, the nurses for this. So-called reassignment surgery. Listen, In my circle of friends, I know plenty. I have plenty of my best friend in the whole world is a died in the world. Democrat. Okay? Some of the best judges I've, I've tried cases in front of are Democrats. Every Democrat I know that in, in my world is outraged by the fact that Skyler DeLeon was given this surgery. Like this is, this is, this is not even a democrat, Republican thing.


I don't think this is a common sense. Like right and wrong thing. Like this is like, it's a slap in the face of the victim's families that will never get over the horror of this murder. It really is. That's right. And and look, I got For whom he had zero empathy. He had zero Empathy. Empathy. I'm yes, yes. I, I mean, I mean I'm, I'm, I'm outraged by it. I dunno what's happening in my state. I I just, this is one of those things, again, this is from my view, this, this transcends politics. This is a waste of resources for somebody that, you know, like, I mean there are better uses for that money because that's taxpayer.


He didn't pay for that himself. He had nothing. So that's right. So don't we have better uses than to, than, than to spend it on something. And that's a significant surgery, right? But also it's a, it's a con by him. Everybody, they've been manipulated by Skylar by putting in for that. Like he's been sent, he's, the evidence against him is totally overwhelming. He's never getting out. That's not no, we're now Funding his ongoing fraud, which may very well end up with him in a woman's prison, which California's doing by the dozens and probably a woman getting hurt. I mean that's honestly how these things have been going More articulate than I could have put it. It's an ongoing fraud.


That is my problem with, it's an ongoing fraud and manipulation. And he's just gone from this poor couple that he murdered after, after this pilot that he murdered. First it's the pilot, then it's the poor couple and now it's the state of California. And everybody is like, they're still dancing to the music of this freaking psychopath he made. Okay? He planned that murder for months. Megan, just so we understand when you're talking about the word comfort, he planned that meticulously for months. He brought in two other men on the boat with him. He, this was, they, they, they drafted the documents. He made absolutely no provision in his planning for their suffering, for their comfort. He tied them to an anchor and threw them overboard.


And Jackie Hawks, according to one of the co-conspirators that we rolled, who testified she was crying when she went overboard. And it's like that thing that we all had as a kid, right? That conversation we've all had around a campfire at some point. What's the worst way to die? Like fire ants or an, you know, a bear or a lion or would you burn death of free stuff? We've all had that conversation as kids. The only, the, the haunting image that everybody was left with is how do you cry and try to hold your breath at the same time? That's the discomfort that Jackie Hawks was put through. That's what they did to two totally innocent people. The idea that we're spending precious medical resources in an ongoing fraud to make somebody more comfortable when he made no provision for anybody else's comfort.


And one of the most cruel, sadistic murders I ever saw, it is just, I, it makes me lose sleep. It's not right. It's not right. Matt Murphy, thank you for being one of the good guys your whole career and putting guys like that behind bars where they belong. Great to see you. Thank you.


It doesn't matter what state you reside in, it doesn't matter if you live in the suburbs or if your home is in a rural area. Omics has had a negative effect on many aspects of our lives. Gas has gone up an insane 51% rent is up 22%. Groceries are up 22% higher than before Mr. Biden took office. Electricity is up a whopping 32%. Some Americans are having to make tough choices now. Do they pay to fill up their gas tanks to get to work? Or do they buy their kids new school supplies? Do they pay to heat and cool their homes or do they buy groceries for their family? These are the very real problems omics has caused. And that's why Club for Growth is fighting for pro-growth policies that can allow our economy to flourish. Text GROW to 6 0 9 6 7 to learn more. Again, that's grow to 6 0 9 6 7.


Introducing Instagram teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they always have their seatbelt on. Alright, buckle up. Good job. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the contents they can see.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by On Deck or Celtic Bank. On Deck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Welcome back to the Megyn Kelly Show. It's time to answer some of your questions in our asked and answered segment. Keep 'em coming to Megan, M-E-G-Y-N at m Kelly dot com. Here to bring me the latest samplings, my executive producer Steve Krakauer. Hey Steve, what do we have? Hey Megan. Okay, we've got a lot of great questions that came into m Kelly dot com and Megan at m Kelly dot com. This first one is from Diana. She wants to know what are the odds that Joe Biden will give Donald Trump a full pardon on his last day in office as the ultimate F you to the Democratic party? Diana, I would put that at zero zero they, he hates Donald Trump and Donald Trump hates him. However, I do think he will pardon Hunter Biden despite the fact that he has said he would not.


So Hunter gets the pardon and Trump does not. Okay, excellent. Well there you go. Now this one is kind of about us and the Megyn. Kelly Show. Steve, good name Steve. Not for me though. Wants to know how has working at the Meg and Kelly show been different or the same versus your time at the Kelly file at Fox? Oh, it's like night and day Steve. Night and day. It's, it's so great to be on my own. I have to tell you, just today I was getting ready for the show. I was looking out my window, I was looking at the fall colors. I had brought my own children to school. I will have dinner with them tonight. I'm at work when they're at school, which is such a blessing. It was so different at Fox.


You know, I left for work just as my kids were getting home from school. I never looked out a window. I only looked at ugly tan walls and if I did look out a window, it was just city scape, corporate buildings, you know, the concrete jungle. I didn't see a flower, a tree. I just love all of that. I can, I can do things the way I wanna do things. You know, just, I don't like in the morning I can work out. Now there's some time when I put the show together, I can be doing it in like comfortable settings and wearing comfortable clothing. I'm not constantly like squeezing myself into some polyester bright pink dress and getting false eyelid. It's just like my life is better.


I can see my family, I can have a more relaxed day and on the content that's night and day two, right? It's just having more meaningful discussions. Having the chance to have a show like this where you can spend the time to really explain what a liar Colin already is and give the example. I could never have done that Steve Krakauer on Fox because there's just not enough time. There's only 42, 38 usually minutes of content in a show. You can't devote it to one thing. You know, like they would never have allowed that. So all of it feels like a luxury to me and I only wish I had done it sooner. Yeah, this is great. This is just like, this is an extra episode with no limits on time. It's just like, oh we'll just put out and talk to her as long as we need to to do it.


So yeah, no it's great to have that, that flexibility. Yeah. Alright, lemme jump to the personal side though again, because Jennifer is a mom of three ages, 15, 13, and nine. They don't have social media, but they're starting to get to the age where they've, one's got a phone and they've got obviously the friends saying, so she wants to know, as a parent, how do you help them navigate serious situations as they transition to young adulthood? Oh Jennifer, thank you for that. And as you know, our kids are almost perfectly aligned, right? 'cause we, I've got 15, 13, and 11. It's, I mean, the social media thing, it hasn't been hard. I have to say, we just kind of said, we told 'em early and we continue to tell 'em like it's not happening for you. Now obviously at some point they're going to have social media introduced into their lives as they get older.


And that's okay. Like I, I realize that we can't ban it forever. But I think getting them through the most tender ages, especially girls, I mean boys too, but especially girls, you know, at the time when the body image everywhere. And so like that is a gift that we give to our kids and our kids. All the feedback we've gotten from them is they love not having it. It's, they love being like, oh, my parents banned it. You know, I'm not allowed. It just, they don't have to look at Snapchat and see where all their friends are and if they're not invited, they don't have to look at all these images of girls and wonder why they don't look like that. So it's been pretty easy. The phones have it. Like saying you can have a phone but you can't have social media is an acceptable compromise, I think to these kids.


And their friends text them, they get in invited to stuff via text. They just, you know. So I think as far as that goes, it's not as hard as people think. And even though our kids are either the only ones literally in their grades or the only one, but for two, like they're one other, it's been fine. They, they really once, once they kind of lived life doing it, it wasn't that big a deal for them. All right, my last one for this week is from Margaret. She is approaching her fifties. She says she's currently changing her skincare routine. She says your skin is gorgeous. Do you have any suggestions for Margaret? Margaret, thank you. Well, I mean first of all, stay outta the sun. That's for sure. No matter what you a age you are, second of all, some sort of retinol, whether it's actual like Retin A or the retinol products that are like a little gentler, get some sort of retinol product going on.


Your skin. My skin is really sensitive so I had to start by doing it just one day a week. And then once your skin isn't getting flaky, you can do like a Monday and a Friday. And then after a couple weeks of that you can add in a Wednesday and then eventually you can get up to maybe five days a week. And I am telling you, it shrinks your pores. It gets rid of redness. This is for guys too 'cause you know, I always feel bad for the guys. They don't wear makeup. So if you have imperfect skin, it's kind of like, oh, you don't have to deal with it. No. Try try a retinol product because you can really make your pore smaller. You can get rid of redness on your face, And, it fights wrinkles and stimulates collagen.


So I think it's a game changer. And if you do nothing else, ask your derm about some sort of Retin a product that to stay outta the sun. And last but not least, I have recently begun using a red light and I love my red light therapy. I really think it's making a difference in like my complexion, like the getting redness out and like maybe a little like sun damage. I wish I had taken 'em before with a naked face so you could see the after. But I myself am definitely noticing, I just do 10 minutes a day, do 10 minutes in the morning. You can get the, the fancy machine that costs a thousand bucks or you can get the cheaper stuff that costs $200.


It's not that expensive. And. it makes a big difference. 10 minutes a day. Alright, love it. Great questions, great answers back again next week. Thanks for writing in everybody. We appreciate it. Again, it's Megan, M-E-G-Y-N at m Kelly dot com. Okay. And before we wrap up this episode, it is time for another edition of Thanks But No Thanks, where we say Thanks But No Thanks to something bubbling up in the news today. We're talking candles. It is that time of year, those aromas of fall giving way to Thanksgiving and the holiday season. And you might be making your way to bath and body works at your local mall to check out their just released new Christmas collection for 2024.


There's frosted forest and frozen lake, winter gold, golden pear, and frosted coconut snowball. Wait, what? Okay. And then there's that red one in the corner called snowed in. Sounds pretty normal according to Bath and Body Works, snowed in, has fragrances that include sweet musk and cozy vanilla and creamy butter mint, whatever that means. But look a little closer, really think about what that snowflake design brings up in your mind. What does that look like to you? And what you will find is what the internet has dubbed the co CLX clan.


Yes. That stylized partial snowflake is actually a bunch of Klansmen wearing their white hoods. It looks identical. Bath and body works. What are you doing? Who screened this? The snowed in design used to be a window overlooking a snowy landscape. Perfect. But now they decided it needed upgrading, I guess. And they have stepped right into a racist sense PR nightmare. At least that's the determination of the internet, which as we know always acts perfectly rationally. It was not long until the executives at Bath and Bodyworks issued a statement that reads, quote, at Bath and Bodyworks, we are committed to listening to our teams and customers and committed to fixing any mistakes we make.


Even those that are unintentional like this one, we apologize to anyone we've offended and are swiftly working to have this item removed and are evaluating our process going forward. Yes, there will be a great replacement of this racist candle from all the mega malls in America, but unfortunately not everyone got the memo. You see last week over on the candle channel on YouTube? Yes, that's a thing run by the nation's preeminent candle reviewer, Kent. The new snowed in candle got its time in the spotlight. Moving on. We have snowed in right here, and that's what that looks like.


We have like a pink metallic feel to that. This one? Yeah. I was like, what is this gonna be like? Is it gonna be twisted peppermint But? it isn't. This is actually a new fragrance, in my opinion, at least of one I've smelled that's gone wide. And this actually, oh my God, like when I smell this immediately I was like, whoa. Like core memory unlocked, core fragrance memory unlocked. And I was like, oh my god, this smells like marshmallow musk or vanilla musk with peppermint. So yeah, it's, it's nice. It's it's pretty and it's cute. So we'll see how it does. So snowed in right there, Kent. Oh, Kent. Oh no. We've got a creamy butter mint insurrection on our hands.


No one told Kent about it. He's just sitting there rambling on about marshmallow musk with peppermint. Oh, Kent, I hope you're watching. Please don't cancel Kent. The guy just enjoys sniffing candles. He doesn't know. He is holding a lovely smelling symbol of white supremacy. The co clicks clan. Because look, in America, there are very fine candles on both sides. Yes, even that frosted coconut snowball nonsense. But to those secret racists pushing subconscious white supremacist messaging when we are just trying to sniff some of that sweet musk, cozy vanilla, and creamy butter mint, we are saying Thanks But No Thanks.


And thank all of you for joining me today. We'll see you next time. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


Hi there. It's Will Arnett here, host of smartlist, a podcast I do with my pals Shawnee and Jason Bateman. On Smartlist, we connect people from all walks of life with special guests from Larry David, Selena Gomez, Arnold Schwartzenegger to Presidents, Joe Biden, Barack Obama, and Bill Clinton. But it's an Off the Cuff podcast by examining the nooks and crannies of an English muffin to breaking down world affairs. And now you can hear every new episode a full week early on the SiriusXM app. Download the SiriusXM app today to start listening.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh or the no, no nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up the same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, good. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. bet MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com for terms 21 plus only US promotional offers not available in dc, Mississippi, New York, Nevada, Ontario, or Puerto Rico. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER available in the US for New York. Call 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY four six seven three six nine for Arizona. Call one 800. Next step for Massachusetts 1-800-327-FIVE 0 5 0 for Iowa one 800 That's off for Puerto Rico. 1-800-981-ZERO 0 2 3 Subject to eligibility requirements in partnership with Kansas Crossing Casino and Hotel.