
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the me Kelly Show. the fallout from the 45th and soon to be 47th President's dominant victory on Tuesday night continues with the media in full meltdown mode. They're literally crying, and the knives are also starting to come out on the left. Donald Trump remains 4.2 million votes ahead of Vice President Kamala Harris in the popular vote. A stunning figure, and it's official now Trump will win the presidency with 312 electoral college votes to 226 for Harris sweeping all seven of the swing states.


So how did he do it? Later we have Piers Morgan and Bcia Ungar Sargon And. I wanna tell you that after this segment, I'm gonna reveal the biggest losers of the 2024 election. So stay tuned for that. But we begin with Donald Trump Jr.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you, that someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable, but it is a sad reality for some American homeowners and a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. And it's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, And. then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You could sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megan and Home Title Lock dot com, or just use the link below.


Don, great to have you here. Welcome back. Congrats. How are you feeling? Well, Megan, thank you so much. I think I may have died about three days ago. And I basically am floating on adrenaline, testosterone, caffeine, and probably some nicotine. That's about the only thing keeping me going. I pulled two all-nighters in a row. You know I'll be day before election day and election day itself. But it's, it's awesome and I'm, I'm really looking forward to what you just said. Just let them fight Megan. Let them fight. It's gonna be glorious. Yes, Yes. Okay, so take us to the moment at Mar-a-Lago on Tuesday night, when, like, when did You know your internal polling data was correct and all these pollsters were wrong?


And when did you start to feel it like it's actually happening? Honestly, fairly early. I started feeling it months ago actually. I mean, I'm on the ground. I'm the guy You know that goes to You know real America does all of these things interacts with people and you could see it. It was just very, it was different than 16, 16 sort of going into election day. You know, I knew we'd overperform, but I figured You know there's, how do you take on that machine? We're gonna lose. Then we were like, oh, wow. When it actually happened. 2020 was obviously an anomaly. Crazy stuff going on and You know it, it, it felt so good so early. 'cause it wasn't just You know a white guy in a MAGA hat coming up to me and saying, good job. It, it was everyone. I think I, I tell the story, sort of You know per capita, I think I was taking more selfies with African American men probably than anyone.


And. I don't mean at like a Trump rally. I mean, at the airport on the way where they're not expecting it. You, you could see a real cultural shift. You could see it that same shift with the youth vote where, I mean, You know almost 50% of the 18 to 29 demo across the country, but in some places above 50%, that would've been unheard of before. When you look at You, know some of the individual things, Miami Dade, we won Miami Dade by 10 points in 16. We lost it by 30 You know, just for perspective, I mean, there is, there's a true seismic shift going on right now and, and again, watching the Democrats right now, You know we really gotta go further all in on men playing women's sports to really make sure people understand what we're talking about.


I You know, I, I welcome it, but it it, it's amazing that they're so far out of touch. They're, they're no longer cool You know, they don't have that it factor that they used to have as a party. It's, it's actually been an entire You know role reversal with what's going on. So You know, I felt it early. I never let myself get overconfident. I always sort of run like we're a couple points behind. It just sort of feels like it's a better motivator for me. But we, we probably knew it was You know probably over by about 10 o'clock based on some of the exit polling that we had seen, You know the rural areas coming out. A lot of the urban areas not coming out or if they were coming out, you're seeing a lot of red hats in the crowd. It was, it was glorious. Right. Alright, so take us to the moment when you guys knew he won and your exchange with your dad.


Yeah. You know when, when it was official, we were over at You know the convention center. We had switched over from Mar-a-Lago kind of going over to the convention center. It was just You know, an amazing crowd, incredible energy. And when they called Pennsylvania, sort of like that first of the Blue Wall You know, we actually thought they were gonna call Wisconsin first based on where the numbers were sort of looking, but they called Pennsylvania. I was like, well, that, that's You know. That's the pesto re this dogs, you don't, you don't need to worry about Arizona. You didn't need to worry about Nevada if you had one of that blue wall. Based on sort of how we performed up and down the East Coast. I had spent a lot of time in the last three weeks sort of in North Carolina, You know, even some of those hardest hit areas I went up to where they were ravaged by the hurricanes.


Spent a lot of time there I was with the people from Samaritan's Purse delivering generators, delivering clothes. And honestly, it was one of those things, like, I didn't wanna even talk about the election or anything, but, but people were coming up to me. I mean, people who lost homes were like, oh, don't you worry, like we're gonna crawl through broken glass to be able to vote this time around. We've seen what our government does. We see how they could care less about us and You know. So it, it just felt so good. We just had to shore up those places that we had one consistently. But You know that the other side had spent so much more money than we could ever possibly raise. It's amazing. Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, so much money. So did, was there a moment on Tuesday night where like, I don't know, just, I'm curious, was it like you go over, you hug each other, it starts sinking in?


Yeah, I, I was actually, I, I was with JD You know in his hold area with, with my kids and some of their friends and You know some of the guys from that team. Obviously I'd spent a lot of time with them over the last few months, even obviously prior to sort of that selection. So we, we were all hanging out there and, and when that went, you, you could just literally, we, we were having a conversation, so we weren't even paying attention, but you could hear the crowd, which was You know, 20 yards behind us, outside, behind the curtains. You just hear them go nuts. We look over the TV and you see that and you're like, yes. It, it was, it, it felt so good. Also, just because of the last four years, the hell they've tried to put us through the weaponization of the DOJ You, know the weaponization of You know other agencies, whether it's You know New York Attorney General's office or the District attorney's office there, all of that stuff, the last four years, they've really tried to run us through hell.


So it, it felt so much better. Honestly, it felt so much better than had we actually just won in 2020, especially now that we have the Senate in the house, which we wouldn't have then, but we hope so. We, we have the ability to do so much more this time around. Are you feeling good about the house? We still don't You know California counts. We like, I I don't know, like a two votes a day, so we're gonna have to wait for weeks. But how are you feeling about the house? Listen, I, I feel pretty good, but you're You know, to your point, You know, the longer they have to magically find a, a truckload of ballots that was You know, filled out in a warehouse out of state. I You know, I'm, I'm definitely concerned about that. I mean, I think You know as many people You know, critique this on 2020, talking about that. Like, do You know where'd those 15 million Democrat votes go just magically Right.


It it, so I I I'm always concern and just The audience knows there's a chart that's flowing on Twitter on X that does show like the same general number of Democrat votes in all the elections going back some 20 years. Same sort of level on the, on the graph. Then you get to 2020 and it's another, it's 15 million higher to Don's point than it came back down again, which is You know led a lot of people to say hello. Does anyone Yeah. Wonder like you just raised That's that's what you're referencing. Go ahead. Yeah, I mean, You know, again, I, I don't believe that anyone was really all that enthusiastic about Joe Biden in 2020. I don't believe that Joe Biden in 2020 in the midst of a pandemic outperformed Barack Obama solely in Philadelphia, Atlanta, Detroit You know, You know.


Like, no, no one, I don't think anyone seriously believes that You know, but still underperformed all You know, 18 of 19 Bellwethers lost them, underperformed all the other counties in the country. You know it You know it doesn't pass a smell test to me. I if I'm looking at it as, as a reasonable individual, even from the outside You know. But this one again, it, it was so decisive. You know, so that was the thing. I wanted to make sure it was decisive. That's why I was doing radio basically till the polls close, just like get in line, stay in line, vote if, if you make it decisive, You know they can't play that game where all of a sudden it drags out for two weeks and all of a sudden You know, we we, we see the three o'clock bump or the next day bump or the week later bump.


Yeah. That we saw in 2020. And so we were able to do that and You know, and there was A great feeling, there was a lot more mail-in ballots in 2020. And that is subject to more manipulation than in person voting, of course, whether it's in person, early or in person on the day of. And so it, I think it was very good for the country that that was minimized and it should be minimized further. You vote, I like vote early, that's fine. You show up in person, same procedure, the the mail in balloting, unless you are very elderly and you can double prove with ID and so on that it's, you we're really in a sketchy territory. Okay. You mentioned the number of people coming up to you from different racial backgrounds and so on. Not, I was gonna say not your father's Republican party, but in your case it actually is your father's Republican party.


So the numbers are in and they're really extraordinary. The, the New York Times pointing out that counties where Hispanics make up more than a quarter of the population collectively shifted 9.5 points to the right. The Atlantic has a piece today, I'll just read you a couple bullets. In 2020, Biden won New Jersey by 16 points. This time Harris seems poised to win it by just five rural Texas border towns where many Hispanic people live as well as rural Kentucky, where very few Hispanic lives. She ran behind Joe Biden, your, your dad limited the Democratic margins in all of these places.


She ran behind Biden in high income suburbs like Loudoun County, Virginia, and in counties with college towns all over the country where Penn State is University of Wisconsin and others. He, your dad improved his margins in some of America's largest metro areas. Here's the one you gotta hear, maybe you already have. In the New York City metro area, Manhattan shifted nine points to the right. Don Brooklyn shifted 12 points, right? Queens shifted 21 points, right? Bronx shifted 22 points to the right and it wasn't just New York, Philadelphia shifted five points, right? Detroit nine points, right?


Illinois, cook County, Chicago, 11 points, right? I mean, virtually the entire country, it didn't matter if it was black, if it was white, if it was urban, if it was rural, if everyone moved to the right. So what is that about? Listen, I I think people have seen with their own eyes, right? A a lot of You know failed Democrat policies. The reality is You know when I, I I always tell the story on the campaign trail, sort of, I took my kids last summer, two of my boys, we went on a father-son fishing trip. We came back, we, they want, they were hungry. We went to McDonald's. It was a 10-year-old, a 14-year-old and me, and it was 48 bucks. And Meghan, I can tell you that if, if Donald Trump Jr has sticker shock at McDonald's, it's a serious problem.


You have that, you see all the wars breaking out all over the world. You see the You know they can magically find umpteen billion on two seconds notice for Ukraine or, or, or for the Middle East. You know Lebanon for example, but You know when a hurricane hits North Carolina, you get a $750 loan and FEMA's nowhere in sight. People got sick of the priorities where they were put last. I mean, Americans were candidly second class citizens in their own country. If you came across the border, you get $10,000, you get a phone, they put you up in a luxury hotel with a court date sometime You know in the next century. And Americans were struggling and they're watching that money. They see it as clear as day. They see the crime, they feel it, they see the fentanyl. No one's even talking about that.


A hundred thousand deaths a year. I mean, that's two Vietnams a year due to the porous open border. Kamala Harris owns that. She was the border. Za and You know you, you cited the Atlantic earlier. But You know there was a guy that tried fact checking me in the Atlantic when I started saying she's the borders arm. No, she's not. The the, that same writer in the Atlantic, like 18 months ago write, wrote an article about her being the borders arm. No one's falling for it anymore. More the the sort of mainstream media has lost all their credibility. You know so many people are tuning into, whether it's you, whether it's You know, perhaps me, although mine's probably a little bit more of a bubble on the right, but You know the Joe Rogans of the world. All all of these people independent media, You know, and independent journalists and You know they're, they're seeing a a totally different picture that's totally discredited the mainstream media.


And so as people have more access to that information, it was a big deal. And then you also had Kamala Harris where You know everything was so scripted, the policy shifted depending on who she was talking to. Well guys like you and Joe were You know. You're able to point that out when you're running a pro Hamas ad in Michigan while running a pro-ISIS Israel ad in, in Pennsylvania. Like it doesn't take a genius to sort of blend those two ads together. You present them to the people and you lose everyone You know. She, she was a terrible candidate. She couldn't relate. There's a reason she didn't go on those podcasts is because if anything lasted longer than five minutes on a teleprompter, You know the real Kamala Harris came out. And let's just say it wasn't all that impressive.


Can you speak to like the political article today that's trying, it's clearly, I think You know Harris sympathizers trying to blame it all on Biden there. And obviously he's, there's plenty of blame for him. But there's, the headline is Dems Rage Against Biden's arrogance after Harris Loss. They're directing their rage at Joe Biden for not dropping out sooner. They're livid that he left them at a sharp disadvantage. He shouldn't have run, he's done an enormous amount of damage to the country. Put a lasting dent in his legacy. And the second part of that narrative by people like Scarborough is Kamala Harris, on the other hand, she hit all her marks. I mean she did all that she could possibly have done.


I I mean it, it's so laughable. I mean those are the same people writing those articles. I guarantee if you go back six months and for the prior three years to that, those are the same people telling us that Joe Biden is the best Joe Biden he's ever been. I mean Joe Scarborough actually literally said that like, this is actually a better Joe Biden with all of this experience. I'm like, I don't know man. I saw the guy get lost on a stage yesterday. It's like you can't sell that with a straight face. It wasn't like a gaff. It was, it was daily. It was a disaster. But then Kamala Harris is out there saying, You know she was the last person in the room. She was the person that then went to, to meet with Russia and Ukraine. I guess she only met with Ukraine 'cause she wasn't able to meet with Russia or didn't want to, or You know, three days later they invade.


I mean you can't take credit for all of the administration's decisions and then run from them. So while I do agree Joe Biden was a disaster, I believe Joe Biden would've actually performed better than Kamala Harris. Not because he's necessarily competent, but because he people didn't have a visceral dislike of him. He is sort of like, You know you don't kick a an old dog. Right? It's just a little bit different. So You know, I think this is all on her. I think she owns it. I don't think he did her any favors, but like candidly, I think what they did to him probably behind the scenes wasn't exactly great. This was a guy that was You know whether we like him or not. He was a leader of the Democrat party. He was You know a a 50 year senator. He was there forever.


And You know the second it wasn't useful or they saw another path or the path that they thought was better You know they kicked him out like a dog. So I, I don't know that he was all that helpful to him, but like You know, I I would have liked Kamala Harris to be on the campaign trail for like an entire year longer. I I, I had to think we, we, we'd have, we'd probably win every state. So yeah, You know that's What somebody's nonsense. I think somebody, her defenders are saying she didn't have enough time and, and she did not improve upon acquaintance. That's the, that's the reality of it. Let me ask you about some of the reaction. Now let's issue a statement just now. Kamala Harris conceded finally yesterday at four, and then Obama puts out the following statement, former President Obama that reads in part as follows, in a country as big and diverse as ours, we won't always see eye to eye on everything.


But progress requires us to extend good faith and grace even to people with whom we deeply disagree. That's how we've come this far. And it's how we'll keep building a country that is more fair and more just more equal and more free. I mean, he sounds really sweet and like he's really rooting for your dad for the country. He's not to come together. He's not, I mean, I think he's the Architect, not of all three of these people who either tried to put your father in prison or were in support of it. To now be like, I am, I am the elder statesman. And I will help us unite. What do you make of it? I listen, I I I think it's a huge lie. I think Obama's always been an incredibly divisive character.


I think he is the architect of a lot of the lawfare that we've had to deal with. The weaponization of government against its people and certainly against their political rivals. I think he was incredibly helpful to us with African-American men when he was basically browbeat him and You know, sort of You know, talking to them like they, they must do this. And if you're not this, you're not a man. I, I You know, I don't know that Obama has the qualifications to really try to browbeat men on masculinity. But then you saw You know even the other day, just less than a week ago, he's out there repeating the Charlottesville hoax as though it's real. Like, that was the true Obama. He's a divisive figure. Yes, days ago. He will lie to your face and then he'll play the innocent card. You know if, if Obama was a Republican, the media would destroy him for those kind of lies.


But because he is a Democrat, they have to You know, get into full propaganda mode and look at how nice he is. He, he's, he's not, he's always been that character. He's always been a vindictive guy. I'm just glad that the American public finally saw that because I, I think they realize it. And You know, I, I know he was trying to probably help Kamala Harris, but I think he probably did as much if not more damage to her campaign than Joe Biden because the rest of America got it when there's liberal journalists, You know, even in the last six, seven months literally coming out, be like, You know what Charlottesville was nonsense. That that was a hoax. We're finally playing the whole clip. You know, I don't believe that they were innocent actors in this and they just didn't listen to the rest of the sentence. I don't believe that for one second.


But when some of the most radical leftist writers in the country are like, okay, maybe we should drop this one. 'cause no one's buying it anymore. And he's literally selling it to stadiums of people or You know as, as much of a crowd as Kamala Harris could get. That's just disgusting. It was disgusting. And I, think the rest of the country, whether you agree with our policies or not, they saw that, they realized it, they recognized him for who he actually is now. And they weren't buying it anymore. Kamala Harris got out there yesterday and as I point pointed out, she did concede. She had a lot of her same words, salad phrases that we've heard for all of her campaign. Now here's just a sampling.


We'll listen to thought three, While I concede this election, I do not concede the fight that fueled this campaign. The fight, the fight for freedom. I will never give up the fight for a future where Americans can pursue their dreams, ambitions, and oh God, aspirations where the fight for our freedom will take hard work. But like I always say, we like hard work. Hard work is good work Hard work is good work, hard work can be joyful.


Work on the campaign. I I would often say when we fight, we win. But here's the thing, here's the thing. Sometimes the fight takes a while. That doesn't mean we won't win. That doesn't mean we won't win. Do you think Kamala Harris goes on to be any sort of a leader in the oppositional force to your dad's agenda? I hope so. 'cause I think it only helps us You know that, that that speech You know, I, I get it, they're checking the boxes. It, it's sort of read to me like a Dr. Seuss book. But, but I think that's the point. You know it, it usually does with her.


And, and again, the the American people are onto it. They get it. They're no longer just ignoring what they see each and every day in their pocketbook across the world. I mean, I think the greatest headline I saw You know, I guess yesterday morning, or maybe it was lunchtime. I You know, I woke up after You know pulling two all-nighters and I'm reading Hamas has now come out and said they'd love to get to peace. I'm like, it took Trump 12 hours. He's not even in office yet. And Hamas wants to have peace in Israel. All of a sudden it's like, and hey guys, yeah, daddy's home. Daddy's home. And like we can't get away with the nonsense anymore. It, it's so incredible because when I think of the last four years, I think whether it's there, whether it's the Ukraine, You know, the, the, the life that was lost simply because America had no leadership.


They had no standing in the world. And You know, that's the nature of predation me, Meghan, when You know when a predator sees something that's weak, they go after it. When America is weak, the rest of the world turns into chaos. And so it, it, it's so incredible. Now, of course the liberal media's gonna say, look at this. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris created peace in the Middle East. You know, coincidentally 12 hours after they realized the jig is up and they have to get this thing going. But it, it's just so incredible to see. But it's also so disheartening to realize what was lost over the last four years. Whether it's the jobs, whether it's our manufacturing, whether it's the life that, that we've seen You know, probably close to a million people over in, in the Ukraine and You know tens of thousands in the Middle East.


It's just so unnecessary. So I I'm really looking forward to my father getting in there, fixing all of this nonsense. It's a shame it had to take this long. But, but I hope the rest of the world sees that And I hope. It really changes the way we approach things in the future and especially after a Trump administration. What's happening now on the transition, because I know you're getting deluged with people who are raising their hands, wanting this post, wanting that post the reports, And I don't know if they're right, but the reports are that Marco Rubio wants or is being considered for state. Tom Cotton wants or is being considered for defense.


Would RFKJ have an actual cabinet position now that the Republicans are gonna control the Senate as opposed to being a non-con confirmed czar type guy? Like how, just tell us what you can about the transition. Yeah, Let say You know. I I was actually with RFK yesterday. We definitely do want to You know, honor the promise that we made, make sure that he's involved in whatever capacity sort of he wants And I think you do an incredible job on this stuff as it relates to health. I spoke with both Tom Cotton and Marco yesterday. I've You know, I sort of wanna make sure that we're surrounding my father with people that are actually gonna be helpful. Not people who are You know unelected that think they know better than what the vision is of the duly elected president of the United States. We had too much of that last time. I think that's what frankly scares the swamp so much is that Trump now with knowledge doesn't just trust me that oh yeah, I'm on your side.


I mean I've I've also field that a lot of those calls from people I haven't heard from in four years. Hey buddy, we're with you all along. It's like, okay, like if you haven't called me before, you just lose my number now. 'cause you, you probably aren't. You must love that You know. So I I I don't want to confirm or deny any of those things. I'll let those guys do it. You know, not all of that information is, is accurate, but, but You know, we'll, we'll we'll get there shortly, but You know. We're gonna make sure, I'm gonna make sure that the people that surround my father are, are both You know, loyal to him and competent. You can have loyal and incompetent. That's not a great combination. You ha you can have competent and not loyal. That's a terrible combination. You know we need both. But I think this time around, we actually know who those people are. We're gonna bring in a lot of people from outside You know Elon was there at Mar-a-Lago yesterday with my father You know talking about Doge.


I mean, I think to me, I mean honestly as much of a proponent as I doge Department of government efficiency, he's gonna start shrinking the size of government. Keep going. Yeah. Like I think to me, You know I love what RFK can do to health. I have five young kids, I wanna make sure I'm not poisoning them. You know when they have a meal. Same. I think that's incredible. I I You know, I'd love to let him go, You know, go wild on some of these things. Or at least like shed some light. So the American public understands exactly why we are where we are, exactly why we're so fat, exactly why we're so unhealthy and why it seems like so many people are trained to keep us that way rather than let us be healthy. But, but the Elon thing is incredible because when you have the opportunity, Meghan, to put the Einstein of our era into a position like that where he's willing to do it.


I mean, this guy You know in a, in a few years he's outperforming nasa who's been doing the space thing for like 75 years in a few years, publicly funded. This guy's catching rockets, You know that, that the greatest geniuses in our government, And I use that term somewhat loosely You know are incapable of You know I want that guy doing that. I I I want the guy that's literally taken on entire industries and changed the way we look at the world. Whether it's communications, whether it's transportation, whether it's the space race. I mean, that is to me an opportunity that's a once in a generation, if not once in a lifetime, if not perhaps longer. You know opportunity to get our country on the right track. He said something at the, at the summit I saw him at in September, Elon, about how the, the amount of red tape he had to go through to get those rockets launched the permission slips basically from the feds and said, I do think there's something wrong when it takes longer to get the permission slip than it does to build the rocket.


And so not only will he be looking for ways, saw that ways to streamline the feds, but but to get rid of the constant red tape we all have to go through in everything. And, and who better than Elon must to do? I gotta go, but I wanna ask you, well, you saw The when Used question before we go Oh, go ahead. Yeah. And that is when I, when I've been watching your dad over these past couple of months, I see somebody who is, I don't know if it's like wiser, like he seems more of reflective to me. I just feel like we're going to get a president who's of course got all the fighter vibe that we know your dad is built of. Yeah. However, he seems like I be, I believe him that he really would like to be a president for all Americans.


I believe him that if, if, if the Democrats will give him a chance, he'd be happy to hear them out. He's not gonna enact their agenda. But what you tell me what you've observed about his state of mind as he goes into this next huge challenge Also, I think You know candidly. And by the way, before I even get to the answer, like I, I really appreciate your comments the other night in, in Michigan, I thought, I, I thought that was incredible. It it was, it was just incredibly well done. I actually walked over to thank you, but I know you had to run, so I missed you by about 30 seconds. But I I thought it was incredible. And I think you're a hundred percent right. Like he gets that. I I You know the, the interesting thing, and I've said this from day one and, and most people don't see it. What's interesting about my father is, and it's perhaps his biggest political liability in a certain way, is that he actually has a lot of empathy.


You see that, you see that come out in the campaign and the story's like 32 years ago, Donald Trump did this for me. And like we had no idea what was going on. Or the people that have worked for him for 40 years You know that doesn't happen if you're a dictator, if you're literally a Hitler Meghan. But he's unwilling to show those things or that side of him because he is like of the mindset that, Hey, how do I You know go negotiate against Putin if if he thinks I'm soft You know it's an old school mentality. It, it's a little different. But I do think You know, I I I do think perhaps the assassination attempts, I think there was, there was a little bit more that it, it brought out perhaps a bit more of a spiritual nature You know that that's way too much coincidence to just just be coincidence, right? I don't, I don't believe in that level of statistical coincidence.


I think that's an impossibility. So You know, I I've noticed that or a willingness to sort of You know, show what's always been there, but something that he hasn't always been willing to show. I've seen that You know ever since July 13th. I've seen it the way he is with me. I see it the way he is You know with my kids, his grandchildren. He's always been great with them. But it's, it, it's a little different. And I, I, I, I'd love to see You know the Democrats do that. I hear about them talking about unity. But I'm like, these same people that You know, talked about Unity, wanted to put me in jail for life or worse, the death penalty. They've said this out loud. And I was like, for not for things that we all acknowledge now just didn't exist. I, so I always joke You know, I understand I'm not the upstanding citizen that Hunter Biden is, but I feel like I was treated a little bit differently.


Yeah, yeah. You're not wrong. I see it too And. I'm looking forward to seeing what your dad does with it When he becomes President And, then they do the all out salt again. 'cause nobody believes that they're going to try to give him a fair shot. Yeah, I don't believe that. And that's why we need his fighter nature. But I don't know, I'm, I'm feeling more optimistic about our future as a country than I have in a long, long time. Don, thank you so much for all your hard work and congratulations. Thank you, Megan. I really appreciate. Oh, still such a great day for America and our best days ahead. I really feel it. Now, can you imagine, can you imagine what this team of Marvel is gonna do? That's, that's what we should be calling them. The team of Marvel You know with Donald Trump and Elon Musk and JD Vance and RFKJ.


We're gonna get into the RFKJ thing in just a little bit. The New York Times got this long piece against him and they're talking about people like Dr. Jay Charia. You guys know him? He's been on the show many times. I'll get into it. Next. Coming up, we have Piers Morgan, but I wanted to go through some thoughts before we get to our next guest. Okay. I've been reading as much as I, it's so fun reading the news right now. I'm like, I can't get enough of it. I read it. It's all, all, all of it. Like let's, yes, let's go through it. Postmortem and reading the left is postmortems. Those are the best. I've never been so interested in the New York Times. So here is one article I wanna go through with you from the New York Times entitled, it's in Today's Paper, how Trump Won and How Harris Lost.


And before I do that, I just wanted to, to share the following. I was thinking today about the biggest losers. Kamala Harris is obviously the biggest loser, but there are many others who lost a lot on Tuesday and they are worthy of a mention Joe Biden. He's getting eviscerated. He's abso as I mentioned the political article. I read you some of the highlights. He's, they're, they're rageful against him. They are livid. He left them at a sharp disadvantage. Jim Manley, top a to former senate majority leader Harry Reid. He's done enormous damage to this country. His legacy is in tatters. This guy Manley says, yes, I agree.


It's ruined his entire legacy as the guy who took out Trump because now he's the guy who stayed too long and allowed Trump to seize control over the country in even more pockets than before. And so Joe Biden, no question a loser, a big one of this whole thing. I mean, you'd have to say that Liz Cheney is up there possibly as number number three for Right, she's gotta be, does she not? They paraded this woman around like she was somehow gonna be their savior. And those of us who are more right-leaning, we're like, what the f are you doing? Absolutely. Nobody likes Liz Cheney. Sorry. But she's not this principled person who just held the line against Trump.


She suffers from severe TDS severe. She led a dishonest congressional inquiry into January 6th, in which she quietly coordinated with witnesses behind the backs of their lawyers, which is unethical. She did not present the evidence that was supposed to be somewhat exonerating to the defendant who was not represented there by, on the panel. The alleged judges, the only Republicans even on the panel were her, were Liz Cheney and Kinzinger, both of whom have TDS. She's a, this is not a credible person when it comes to anything having to do with Trump. So the thought that they were gonna get any available Republicans who hadn't already switched over was just absolute nonsense.


No one will be listening to her anymore. I mean, already some of the Democrats are like Liz Cheney was the problem. So they trashed her just as soon as they picked her up. I hope you like your new friends, Liz. I hope you do. One of the big losers, the celeb crowd, we touched on this yesterday. Beyonce loser, Oprah, huge loser, J-Lo, you matter. You matter loser. No one cares what you think. If you wanna talk to me about what it is you're doing to your skin, I'm all in. Go on. I you got my full attention. If you wanna tell me who to vote for or what's happening with the economy or immigration, please sit down.


No one cares. We would like to know what happened between you and Ben Affleck. What happened between you and P Diddy? Exactly what you're doing to your butt and how you keep your skin so glowy that will end the list of things we care about. JLo's opinion on Taylor Swift. Sorry you effed round and found out you do not have unlimited influence. The young girls love you because you sing songs about men who break up with you and they can all relate to that. No one gives two shits about your political opinion, so you should take it and stuff it. That could be your next song stuff. It, that's what the American electorate told me.


We could play it on Thanksgiving. As we do that to our turkeys, they will remind us of you and your political opinions. Julia Roberts, who outed herself not only as a leftist, which we knew, but as somebody who, and by the way, I, she's also a husbands steal. She's, she stole the husband that she has right now in a reported affair. So, okay, maybe don't be the voice of the ad in which we talk about women betraying their husbands by injecting deceit into the marital relationship. Because in the leftist view, marriages are not about honesty and talking about one's differences and agreeing to disagree on certain dicey issues, but they're about lying, lying.


If you cannot persuade your spouse to believe as you do, and they believe this so strongly, you've put it in an ad and ran it everywhere. The ad also portrayed Republicans as unattractive, bumpkiny, backward losers. And as it turns out, that's what even the sitting president of the United States thinks about them, that their garbage, the possible next vice president, at least as of last week, Tim Walsh thinks they're Nazis. So she does speak for a large collective, and that collective has done this to her. I'm giving the bird to my listening audience. So Julia Roberts, yet another Big loser and her pal, George Clooney, who did something similar for another ad.


Same you got, you got Joe Biden out. How'd it work out for you? How'd that go? Maybe you should have said something a little earlier, like when you attended that fundraiser and you and your buddies at Pod Save America saw he was totally incompetent and non-comp Menis and you all STFU to try to save his political fortunes. Meanwhile, it was tick TikTok tick TikTok, the clock was ticking. You blew it. And only when it was too obvious to deny did you say anything. So you two are a big loser, sir. Hope your billions are keeping you happy today. Bringing you comfort. That brings me to the Lincoln Project.


I, I mean, I I might have to move them above Liz Cheney, like I, I think I would, but they had no standing to lose. So I don't know. When you start off a bottom feeder and then you remain a bottom feeder, how do you, can you go from like catfish to crab? I'm gonna have to consult an O Ocean onologist to find out like how does it work at the bottom of the ocean with the the true bottom feeders. I have got to show you Rick Wilson, this is him. The, the day of the vote. The day of the vote with this star prediction on what was about to happen. I have a couple of things to think about for tomorrow. Everybody.


Number one, Trump's gonna lose. He's gonna lose badly. He's gonna be, he's gonna be wrecked. I don't know what the electoral college count's gonna be at the end of this, but it's gonna get loud and it's gonna get hard for him. Their panic is extraordinary. Their events in Georgia and North Carolina are basically about as well attended as a Pokemon card trading convention in, in Ask Crack, Alabama. This is a campaign in free fall. It's really, really fucked up. Donald Trump is now in the same position that he described Hillary Clinton in 2016. He's weak. He can't finish his sentence. He's sick, he's meandering.


He's probably dying at this point. He, he's his party is splitting apart. Yes, you maga I know Maga I know you guys are so intense. You so you believe everything that he says, every word that comes out of his mouth, I get it that you believe that. But guess what? He's been lying to you all along about a lot of things and you're about to realize it tomorrow. Now I want him to say something. Rick McDonald and your little and your little minions and, and your whole enabling class of the, the sort of maga influencer class. Donald, if you try to steal this election tomorrow and you're gonna, we know you're gonna try. Oh, I promise you one thing, you will die in prison alone.


Your family will be broken. Every property you've ever owned will be taken from you. Your your chance of, of, of, of dying in prison is gonna go way, way up. If you do what you think you're gonna, you're gonna get away with, it's not gonna work this time. It's just not. You're gonna be very, very, it's gonna be very, very tough. Donald. I would be super careful if I were you. I think really hard about the fantasy of some of these jack offs around you are selling you and, and, and And I think really, really hard about some of the, the bullshit that you're selling yourself. He took the ELA to Crazy Town. It was the day before the election. Those predictions are worth about the same as Ann Seltzer of the Des Moines Register, whose career is in tatters today.


These guys should never be listened to about anything ever again. And it was not just Rick Wilson, who by the way, is also part of that infamous Don Lemon clip with these Republicans with their maps. Okay? The hateful, hateful person, George Conway in the Atlantic America did this to itself. This is his post-election rage. The man elected president last night is a depraved and brazen pathological liar. A shameless con man, a sociopathic criminal, a man who has no moral or social conscience, empathy or remorse. He has no respect for the constitution and the laws he will swear to uphold. And on top of all that, he exhibits emotional and cognitive deficiencies that seem to be intensifying.


He says, my own hope and belief about what would transpire last night was sadly and profoundly wrong. Like many, I have the emotional and intellectual flaw, if that's what it is, of assuming that people are wiser and more decent than they actually turn out to be. I feel chastened distraught about my apparently naive view of human nature. You see, that is the problem with the guys of the Lincoln Project. They overestimated us. They thought we were all smarter and more decent and they've been reminded that we are dumb and disgusting and unethical. Okay, that's good luck winning the next election.


It's not gonna work out so well for you. George and Rick. Look, it went. Oh yeah, wait, the Don Lemon thing, that's another one he did Live stream. Somebody told me that there's a Lincoln Project live livestream from during the election. We're checking, we're checking right now. Don Lemon did a livestream during the election. Let's just take a look at how that went. What is it in the female psyche in America that makes it harder for even women to believe that a woman should be President You Know there's, there is a lot in, in our society right now where women don't do feel pressured or, or are in a, in a certain mindset where they may not vote for their best.


Oh God, I don't even wanna say it. They may not vote as they wish or they, they may vote against things that would be good for women. Hear Me? Oh my gosh, that's great. thank you. Hey political sis, thank you for joining us. Sorry. Look, it's it everyone is having connectivity issue. So sorry about that. That's Okay. Technical difficulties. I was, I was saying that I think within, within, especially within my community, that we really need to, And we're Democrats, we want everybody to have Everything. We can't hear each other. That's our problem is that we're too open-hearted in a world that clearly when you look at the votes are very kind of narrow in how they think in their worldview.


Let me, let me jump in here because I think this says as, as I've been saying, this is more about America. This is what America wants. We keep saying America's not this. America's not that. The Republican party's not this. The Republicans party's not that. It's, it's the Republican party is maga. Now America is a racist, sexist country. Let's just face it. I mean, oh, I don't believe that there is a lie there. So You know. I just don't we have any lemonheads we can talk to. Oh, I see. See, you guys have wasted your time with me on, on a broadcast that now has over 4 million viewers.


You should have been watching Don Lemon call you all racist and Sexists and Lemonhead if you happen to be one of his fans. As they navigated through overwhelming technical difficulties dings from other people's computers, weird voices in the background that were drowning out their message. I think it was, God, I'm not gonna lie, I think the Lord intervened to try to save his followers from that brain damage that he was in inflicting on them. It's so fun to watch. I haven't even gotten to the New York Times article. This is too fun. I need to stay with this for another minute. Okay, while we're on the hysterical reaction, how, what kind of a discussion would be complete if we didn't go to our old friend, Keefe Berman and see how he's handling the news?


Let's check in A note about this podcast. It will continue, but not right now. Oh God gonna take the weekend off. I do think the podcast has suffered from being a little conservative, needs to be a little bit more pointed. It also needs to be not five days a week. I'm getting old here and probably not daily. So let's say this, I'm still working on this. I'll bring you at least two of these a week and definitely let's plan on this. A new one every Monday morning. Does that make sense? I mean, you don't want to hear more about this anymore than I want to talk about this endlessly.


When something interesting happens, something you may not have heard, something that has struck some memory or perhaps some insight within me, I will bring it to you because bluntly, if the vice president had won, I was gonna retire. Or at least semi-retire. Can't do that now, goddammit. I mean I need a nap. Okay, so he throws out a D end. He might've retired, but really he's not retiring, but he has to go from five days a week to two days a week because of Donald Trump. So there you have it. We are already making America great again. Little less of Keefe Berman because of Donald Trump. And that's not all. Brian Stelter tweets out the following, will there be a journalistic brain drain in DC assumes facts not in evidence.


Stelter a talent agent said, what I have also heard anecdotally, a lot of reporters are questioning if they have it in them to report on another Trump cycle. Now, I urge these people to try to get a rip, okay? Because I guarantee you there's probably not many who have had the weird tumultuous history with Trump that some of us have had. And there's a way forward for you. It's try to take your ego out of it and just report the news. I know it's radical, it sounds it's out there. You might need to take advantage of some psychedelics. I know you're already all on antidepressants from the Trump years still.


'cause it's hard to get off. Once you get on, you might need to up it. But you need to work on taking your ego out of your news reporting and remember that the news is not about you, it's about them, the voters, the tens of millions of people who got out there and voted for Donald Trump. The yes Latino community as J-Lo wants to remind us, she's, she's Puerto Rican. Not to mention Alec Baldwin's wife, who also wants us to believe that, but she's not. And about the white working class and about black men who feel heard for the first time in a long time and don't feel shamed and kind of have had enough of being blamed for everything.


Let's not forget, remember I told you this was a very telling moment when I went to that event, one of those think tank things on the left. They had me speak. Ashley Judd spoke the next day. I was in the audience next to a black man from Ferguson, Missouri who had spoken as well about race issues and just how he was sick of these like white saviors trying to come in and after George Floyd and try to tell him how to live his life and You know, offer him a solution. So he's listening to Ashley Judd going, going on with her land acknowledgements and how everything is the fault of the patriarchy. The patriarchy this, the patriarchy that and how the amount of abuse she's taken online. She was at a basketball game and she tweeted out something about her team and against the other team and she got shit for it.


Hello, that's sports. That's nothing to do with the patriarchy. And this guy turns around and sees me there. And I quote says, what the fuck is that? That guy feels heard and did not respond to messages about the patriarchy from Kamala Harris or her supporters. It doesn't make him racist and it doesn't make him sexist. Don, I'm gonna get to this New York Times deconstruction of the race right after this break and then Pierce Morgan joins me. Okay, A little bit more for you before Pierce Morgan comes on. I, I wanna go through some of this New York Times article. It's, it's very interesting actually, and I've got some thoughts, And, I'm sure you will too.


How Trump won and how Harris lost by Shane Goldman, Maggie Haberman, and Jonathan Swan. Jonathan Swan is fair. These other two definitely don't like Trump and 100% thought he was going to lose. They set it up. Interestingly, they set it up right after that debate between Trump and Harris. And it is true, as you guys remember that Trump You know took every piece of bait she threw for him. Remember? It was like she mentioned the crowd sizes and we were all like, stay on immigration. Don't do it. And he did it and fine, it worked out fine in the end. But you remember this and they set it up that his chief pollster, this guy Tony Fabrizio, who's been with him forever, was bracing for bad news because the media onslaught against Trump You know he did poorly and he whatever, and all the things was going to hurt, he thought in the polls and that he was shocked because they had almost 70 million people who viewed it that when he saw in the next round of polls, Trump had lost no ground.


I've never seen anything like, like this. Mr. Fabrizio said on a call with senior campaign leaders, it was more proof as if more were needed that Trump's durability over nearly a decade in politics remained and of his ability to defy the normal laws of gravity. Correct. Why didn't the left get a reminder of those same principles before they spent the rest of the campaign throwing out crap like Hitler and Fascist and like why didn't they have access to the data Tony Fabrizio did? Were they not able to make adjustments in real time as new data came to them and new in quotes, apparently not.


They talk about Susie Wiles, who is Trump's campaign manager. I met her in Palm Beach when I went down for that Turning Point event with Charlie Kirk, where Trump And I reunited in summer of 23. And she seemed very smart. She had come from years of working for DeSantis. Things didn't end well there. I'm not exactly sure how that went down, but this is when they were selling a primary campaign and she was thrilled to be on Team Trump. Everyone was buzzing about how talented she was. Of course, the biggest challenge to Susie Wiles was Trump himself, right? Like how do you manage a guy like Donald Trump? Well, she managed to do it to some extent 'cause he was largely often though not always on message, okay?


They talk about how they didn't have as much money as Team Harris and they realized that they were gonna need to run a final ad blitz when they got close to November 5th, and they were gonna have to decide how to prioritize the dough they did have in their coffers. And what they decided to do, as You know, is to abandon a traditional ground game to turn out their voters and instead to rely on a relatively small paid staff buttressed by volunteers and outsiders, inclu, including Elon Musk. This is so interesting 'cause as we now know, that worked. But it, it was necessary. I didn't realize it was because they didn't have the dough.


It was necessary. 'cause they didn't, that she had a billion dollars and Trump wasn't getting that kind of money donated to him. So they took a gamble on outsizing outsourcing the ground game and using their money for the final ad blitz And. then they get to what the ads did. And that is very interesting. He, they also point out, he, he gambled on mobilizing men, men, men, men, men, men. And it paid off bigly. Okay? They talk about for here now Kamala Harris's initial approach and how schizophrenic she was in the messaging against Trump. First she tried minimizing him by mocking him as weird and unserious. Think about the fact that that word weird is what got Tim Walls picked.


And no one thought to check whether that was a projection. Truly like didn't anyone, I know it was his short time. Like talk to people who knew Tim Walsh to say, is he weird? What's like, why is he putting tampons in the boys' bathrooms? Why has he made his state a trans refuge? Like what do people say about this guy? What are the controversies? Oh, a bunch of stolen valor incidents. Maybe that's not great for us. No. Okay. He got hired and weird was the opening message didn't stick probably because of who he is and who she is. Then she switched to a more populous message.


Trump cared only about his rich friends and she's gonna bring down the price of groceries. This isn't in the piece, but then you guys all know she unleashed that plan and she started getting hit by the left by the Washington Post for sounding like a communist. And by the way, while Trump may have quote helped his rich friends with the Trump tax cuts, they were universal. And when you give tax cuts to the jobs creators, they create more jobs. Trump has explained this on his You know rally speeches many times he's not afraid of this at all. If you were in the lower income brackets, you saw a double digit tax break, which is a far less percentage than the rich people saw. Obviously it's proportional. But the, that didn't work.


People understood they were doing better in Trump's four years and they didn't listen to it. Then she finally pivoted again to fascist and we all saw how that worked out. Then they point out, some finger pointing emerged from the wreckage of all this, including over whether Ms. Harris had focused too much on appealing to wayward Republicans or whether Biden had dealt her an unwilling, winnable hand. Then they quote, interestingly, David Pluff, you guys know David, he's been on the program. He had a podcast with Kelly on Conway for a short time before the switcheroo, the coup. And then he got elevated to go co-run her campaign. He helped get Obama elected and they quote him as saying, we dug out of a deep hole but not enough. We dug out of a deep hole, but not enough.


Well, that's a dig at Joe Biden quite clearly justified, but he's now deleted his ex account. So I don't think it went over well with his people. Sometimes that kind of honesty in the New York Times can come back to bite you if you are of the left. They write about how to, everyone's amazement Trump's conviction on 34 felony counts gave him rocket fuel, financial rocket fuel. Small donors poured $50 million into his coffers in 24 hours. And then his main super PAC was informed by its bank that someone had made, I didn't know this, a different separate $50 million wire transfer the day after the conviction.


But they didn't know who it was and they had to track that down because we can't take money in these campaigns from foreign sources. Can't be like all the Russians You know. 'cause they'd really like you to come in and side with them. So that's so interesting. And I guess. Eventually it was determined that it was from the reclusive billionaire Timothy Mellon. So Timothy Mellon is a good person to have on your side. He might give you $50 million if he feels enough empathy for what you've been through. Go Timothy. Then they talk about the outsourcing of the ground game and how they were doing the calculation of how much it would cost that the field op in 2020 cost more than $130 million and they just couldn't do it.


They understood that and to Kamala Harris had way more people in the field and more money, but they had to be You know, careful with their spending. Okay? Fabrizio internal polling continued to tell him that Trump had a consistent lead. He was seeing the same poll polls all of us. He was, I'm sure reading Nate Silver and 5 38 and New York Times, Sienna and Emerson. Emerson wound up being quite accurate and Seltzer predicted a three point Harris victory in Iowa. It was a 13 point Trump, wait, no, is it 16 you guys? It was in my packet this morning. 16 points. I think Trump victory in Iowa.


I'll look it up. My team's gonna look it up now. She was way off. Emerson predicted a 10 point victory. So Fabrizio was showing internal polling that looked good. And I saw some of that internal polling when I saw Trump in Pittsburgh the night before the vote, and they were showing me, yeah, okay, so Trump won Iowa by 13, so she was 10 points off. Emerson showed Trump up 10. So they were only what she, she was six. Oh, that's why sixteens in my head, Steve Kra hour is explaining math to me. He won Iowa by 13. She had predicted Harris would win by three. So that's a 16 point error on her part. Go Ann. Anyway, Tony knew the truth and Trump's team was saying to me and others don't believe Ann and boy, oh boy, were they right?


Okay, now they she, they mentioned in here that his top advisors said, do not come out in favor of a national abortion ban that is absolute suicide. They looked at the Blue Wall states and saw that they were much more pro-choice and that Trump was absolutely gonna need at least one of those to win this election. And Trump, to his credit said, you are right. I am not going to favor a national abortion ban. And remember when we debated that on the show, when he came out and said, it's a state, a state's issues issue. And so many people were very angry with him and we debated it right here. And I remember arguing, saying, that's just good politics to career suicide for Republicans right now to come out and call for that kind of thing. Nor do they have the power to do it anyway.


Trump made the right call. They were banking on among others, younger men who don't typically vote coming into the Trump fold, especially those struggling with inflation, those alienated quoting here by left wing ideology and those pessimistic about the country. And they talked about Trump's reach out on all these male podcasts and Rogan and so on, that Harris decided to mobilize the women. Michelle Obama, Julia Roberts. We saw how that went. And this is the part I really wanted to get to. Then Trump put out that trans ad, the one on all the NFL games. Here it is.


It was devastating to her. Watch it. Kamala supports taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners surgery, For prisoners. For prisoners. Every transgender inmate in the prison system would have access. It's hard to believe, but it's true. Even the liberal media was shocked. Kamala supports taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners and illegal aliens. Every transgender inmate would have access Kamala's for they them. President Trump is for you. I'm Donald J. Trump. And I approve this message. It was the, it was one half of the most effective pair of ads that were unleashed in this campaign.


The follow up was showing Charlemagne reacting to that saying, oh my God, what that? No. So they put both of those out and they were running everywhere. And her team went into a panic because they were showing what team Trump was showing, which was, it was moving the needle and people were getting pod because she is that liberal. She is dangerously liberal. There wasn't one false word in that ad, not one. You guys know that. And so they talked about how she, that they, it was, it was proving effective, especially with blacks, Latino men and also with moderate suburban white women. All the groups that put Trump over the edge here. They responded severely to that ad, not only because of how left she was, but it was a stand in for her radical trans ideology in general.


And the radical trans ideology, ideology, ideology that has been permeating our schools and our community for far too long. People have had it. And so her team went into a panic. They created their own draft ads to respond to it. They tested terribly according to the times with the focus groups. Nobody was persuaded by her response and they tanked their responsive ads. Bill Clinton stepped in and said, we've got to answer it and say we won't do it. But she couldn't find that message. And she never said she wouldn't do it, never said it. And it's because it wasn't true. And to her credit, I guess in this particular instance, she wasn't willing to lie.


It ends by talking about how Obama really thought she should talk more about her personal bio. Barry. That wasn't it. Okay. We heard a lot about her personal bio middle class family, the neighbor who came to help them. So she understands small businesses, her mother, her sister. We don't need You know the stuff we heard. Half it turned out to not to be true. She wasn't actually middle class. She was raised in Canada, not Oakland. And she probably never worked at McDonald's. So not it. Once again, out of touch, Barack, she goes on the view and has that moment where she won't distance herself from Biden. And they say that Trump's advisors rejoiced. They were stunned. She did not have a ready-made answer for such a foreseeable and important question.


And they decided to get that clip seen by as many voters as possible. By that afternoon, it had been sent to up to 10 million voters via text message. Trump's approval ratings were getting rosier. The pollsters on Team Harris were in a panic for a new label for Trump. Dangerous was one that was proposed, but they said, that's too Hillary weeks of deliberations on what term they should use. Left some participants on Team Harris, frustrated and exhausted by the inability to reach a decision. Remember Kamala Harris? My weakness is how much I debate things with smart advisors. It's my strength, it's my strength, weakness. And they settled on unhinged, unstable and unchecked ads featuring that tagline, soon followed, but got immediately second guess guest.


And then Ms. Harris decided to change the messaging again to fascist. That didn't work either, as You know and nothing in here explains any of the loss. Other than that, they just talk about the messaging and the dueling political strategies. Look, the state of the economy, the state of the border, and the state of the cultural left is what costs the Democrats this race. Picking an absolute moron to run against a behemoth strong leader like Trump was equally stupid. And Trump's innate political talents the best in a generation required none of those things to be present in order to take him down.


That's the summon substance of how this race went south. But it's absolutely delicious to hear more about what was going on on the inside.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


P Morgan host of Piers Morgan Uncensored is with me now. So peers, the New York Times takes us through the Panic Inside team Harris. When Trump unleashed those trans ads showing how far left she was, they did not know how to handle it. They wanted Bill Clinton said she should deny that she's in support of it. She couldn't and didn't. Do you think that's in part why she lost and why do you think the race ended the way it did? Yeah, I I actually think it's a really significant part of why she lost, because I think on the one hand she was trying to tell American women, I am the only candidate that will protect women's rights. I am your candidate and using abortion as the reason for doing that and the overturning of Roe versus Wade.


But at the same time, Kamala Harris has been very strongly supportive of allowing trans athletes to compete in women's sport, as has Joe Biden, And I. There is no greater, more unfair or unequal thing in the world than allowing biological males to compete against women in sport. As we saw in the Paris Olympics where boxers with male chromosomes were literally beating up women in front of our eyes to the extent that one of them quit after 40 seconds of about, because she said she'd never been hit that hard in her life. And that opponent went on to win gold medal in a women's competition. It's so grotesquely unfair.


So I just kept saying, I don't really get this. How can you be the party that supports women's rights and be the great pretender, protector and defender of women's rights, but also support this? So I think that a lot of women went, You know what? They're not actually in the corner for us. Kamala Harris talks a good game about women's rights, but when it comes to it, she's quite happy for biological males to smash our faces in You know, back in the day when I was on the, the primetime of Fox and you were on the primetime of CNNA couple of hours after our shows ended late night comics would come on and they occasionally would make us laugh Pierce. I mean, occasionally they understood that they were in the game of making everyone laugh.


As You know, they've abandoned that game now, and they're just political operatives out there. Colbert Kimmel, Seth Meyer, who I, I mean, I I struggled to even mention that guy's name. He's such an abso absolute prick. I can't stand him. But anyway, it's just my thought bubble out loud. We took a look at some of their reactions to the news of Trump's win. Look at this. Hey there, how are you doing? If you watch the show regularly, I'm guessing you're not doing great. Yeah, me neither. Let's Be honest, it was a terrible night last night. It was a terrible night for women, for children, for the hundreds of thousands of, of hardworking immigrants who make this country go for healthcare, for our climate.


It was a terrible night for poor people, for our allies in Ukraine, for nato, for, I mean, guess what? It was a bad night for everyone who voted for him too. You just don't realize it yet said He would be a dictator on day one. The question now is, what will the rest of us be doing on day one, right now's the time to stand in solidarity with our friends, with our neighbors. Well, it happened again. And in this democracy, the majority has spoken and they said they don't care that much about democracy. The first time Donald Trump was elected, he started as a joke and ended as a tragedy.


This time he starts as a tragedy. Who knows what he'll end as Any comforting words for them peers. Just get over yourselves. Honestly, it's so pathetic watching grown men weep because actually the real reason they're weeping is that they know they've spent years over demonizing Trump as the new Hitler. And he is gonna wreck everything and wreck America. He's terrible. He is a fascist, he is a neo-Nazi, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And what happened this week, America having already seen Trump as president for four years and seen four years of what then followed under Biden and Harris, they went out in record numbers.


White, black, Latino men, women, all demographics, and they voted for apparently the new Hitler. In other words, they didn't believe a word of what these guys were saying. And I would say further, Meghan, what the hell happened in late night in America when Johnny Carson was the king of late night? Nobody knew who he voted for, nobody knew. He made a point of mocking both sides. Jay Leno said yesterday, it was a, he said, I don't like Trump, but it was a great week for democracy. And I and salute to Jay Leno. I interviewed him last year about this. He doesn't understand why these late night guys want to be so obviously partisan. Why? And they're all partisan one way.


And there's a reason why Greg Gutfeld is kicking all their backsides in late night on Fox. And it's because he's genuinely funny. He's a comedian. These guys think they're sort of preaching to some weird choir that wasn't to be terribly serious and take all this very personally when their guy or woman in this case doesn't win an election. We don't give a stuff. Just be funny. And one of the things that, I don't watch any of them anymore, but I see the clips, they're so worthy. The virtue signaling is so pathetic. Get over yourselves and go back to being funny. I think the ship of sail for these guys, and it's interesting, isn't it? They, they talk about inclusion and diversity and all that thing.


They're all middle-aged white guys. Have you noticed all of them? Yeah. Right, exactly. My, my advice is get, if you, if you believe in diversity, get a few more diverse people in there who can actually make me laugh. Yeah, right. Exactly. No, what they want with that virtue signaling is for you to rub their belly. They want the, the leftist elites to rub their little pepper bellies. That's what they're looking for. Please rub my pepper belly. Oh, it feels so good. I'm so much better than everybody else. Those losers who voted for that evil man Trump. And you see it in the comment by Colbert, and it was also a terrible night for you people who voted for him. You're basically just too stupid to know it then. I mean, he said, yeah, but you just don't realize it yet.


Like you're not smart like I am. Hmm. No, it's, it's, it's, it's so delusional and so patronizing. And he sort of assumed everyone's had a bad night. Hey Steve, buddy. Over 70 million people voted Trump massively more voted for Trump than voted for your girl. Kamala and You know what that means. Most Americans are not feeling like you, they're not, they're feeling happy 'cause their person won. And the reason they're person won is because this whole, as Elon Musk calls it, the woke mind virus has actually, I think with this election result been eradicated. We found a cure.


That's true. And the cure is Donald Trump backed by Elon Musk and Joe Rogan and these other guys who actually Rogan and and Musk both used to be Democrats really, but they just got sick and tired of the progressive left. And this woke mentality, which is the the kind of thing which not only tolerates but actively encourages biological men to beat up women in boxing rings in the Olympics. It it's that mentality, which I think this election result has literally shown the world it's over. People don't want to have this crap anymore. I I put myself in that same category. I used to be more on the left socially at least, and it was the woke mind virus that completely destroyed that for me.


And, I'm You know, became much more active on these social issues once they started hurting our children and ruining people's careers. You speak of the white middle-aged men who are lecturing us about diversity and so on. I got another one for you. His name is Lawrence O'Donnell of M-S-N-B-C. Take a listen at top 14. Oh my God, When he was editor of the newspaper, the North Star Frederick Douglass wrote, we hold women to be justly entitled to all we claim for Man. Oh my God. That was a very unpopular opinion among white men in this country at that time. And it remains an unpopular opinion among some white men in this country to this day.


It may be that not enough people in this country yet believe in the full equality of women to elect a woman president of the United States. Thoughts on that? No, it's not because she's a woman and it's not because she's a black woman. It's because she was a useless candidate. And by the way, the Democrats knew that because when she tried to run before for their nominee, she got bounced out in the first round. She then became a vice president and was hugely unpopular and was working under a president whose approval rating was in the tank. And that is the person they decided to coronate without any democratic process as their candidate to take on Donald Trump.


They brought all this on themselves. I mean, I was watching M-S-N-B-C for a few minutes last night as an act of willful self torture. And what made me laugh was they were trying to explain to each other, Rachel Maddow, And I, think Lawrence was there all there winding away. And they were trying to explain how Trump had won the Latino vote while simultaneously, according to them being the most racist human being to ever run for a high office in America. And of course the reason is because people do not think he is the person that they depict him as. They don't think he's a Nazi. They don't think he's a fascist, they don't think he's the most racist person to ever run for office. That's why Trump won so big with Latinos and why so many more black voters came out for him.


And when it comes to fascism, as you And I have discussed before, Meghan, is there any more pure embodiment of fascism than the woke mindset, which is you dress, like we say, you will, you talk, like we say you will, you laugh at jokes that we approve. You read books that we approve. You watch television and movies that we approve. And if you don't do all these things, we will absolutely annihilate you. We'll shame you, we'll vilify you, we'll humiliate you, we'll cancel you, we'll get you fired from your jobs. That is the embodiment of fascism. So the fascists are not actually Trump and Maga and his supporters, it's actually Kamala Harris and the woke followers of hers who have pursued a philosophy of fascism now for years.


And what we saw with this election result is that mindset getting crushed the woke mind virus has been cured. Meghan, it's a day to celebrate. Okay, so on that subject, what, what happens next? Because the so-called elites in the Democrat party like Lawrence O'Donnell, I mean Joy Reid was one of the ones you mentioned. She was out there blaming Latinos for wanting to be white. That's that's why they voted. They wanna be white. Sure. Okay, so they're not letting go, they're not letting go to the, of the, of the virus. But like the Democrat voters seemed to have let go of it. And I think party bosses are gonna understand that they're never going to win elections again unless they let go of it.


And you can't just let go of it in the campaign because that's what she just did. She didn't tout this stuff in the campaign. She just did it the entire time she was vice president and her party did as well. So do you think they actually will move away from it because they have to if they wanna be in power again or do you think that they, that they won't, they're captured and it's really kind of hard to extract the virus once it's in your brain? Well, I, I watched a OC giving her views, which are always most entertaining when they've just had another crushing defeat. And she was whining away again about Trump and he's a fascist and this that and all I thought was, wow, you really haven't got the memo, have you? It's people like you that America is now rebelling against.


It's the way that you think and the way that you talk and the hypocrisy which underpins almost everything that you stand for. That is what America is moving away from. So to me, the Democrats have got a very straightforward choice. They have got to find a more centrist candidate who is actually electable You know, it's interesting to me that Bill Clinton apparently tried to, in that report you were talking about, tried to advise that the Democrat leadership, look, you've got to make a stand about this transport issue. You've gotta say it, it can't go on. And they refused. So they were trapped in it, but actually Clinton was right. And they're gonna need to find a new version of Bill Clinton. If they do that, they can have a chance in four years time.


If they remain trapped in the mindset of Alexandra Orio Cortez, then, then they get, they're gonna get another drum in four years time, probably from JD V. So they've got a choice. You know Republicans won't care if they, if they remain trapped in there. But for the sake of America, you would hope that you would have an effective opposition and an effective opponent next time round who actually doesn't alienate most of the country with this woke garbage. I mean, it's gonna be fun for people like us because they've, the, the woke mind virus has been deemed by the voters to be politically toxic. So it's a, it's a win-win either way. Either they totally abandon it and we've completely won on this issue as we should have, or they stick with it and they never win elections again because they're, they're just gonna keep repeating the same bad mistakes over and over again.


Either way, peers, it's a great day. It's a great day for America and for the world. You know, it's, it's a day that was coming. I could feel it like I did in 2016. There was something so elitist about Kamala Harris's campaign and when she started rolling out all the big celebrities, Taylor Swift, Oprah, George Clooney, the usual suspects, we know that playbook didn't work with Hillary Clinton. And when you coupled that with the abandonment of the hope and joy message, very quickly morphing into he's the new Hitler, which again was exactly what Hillary Clinton's campaign ran on back in 2016. I thought, well they've learned absolutely nothing. They're over demonizing Trump again, they're insulting his supporters and they're rolling out a bunch of multimillionaire, billionaire, in some cases celebrities to anoint them publicly.


As if somehow the average working American who is really struggling with this cost of living crisis and raging inflation for years to put food on the table for their kids, is gonna look at this and think, wow. So these billionaires say, I should vote for Kamala Harris who can't seem to articulate a single policy which will make my life any better. I must go off and do that. No, what they actually said was true will stuff that for again, the soldiers, I'm gonna go and vote for Trump because last time I checked he was in a garbage truck and a McDonald's and he seems to understand what we really care about, which is actually working class staff flight. How do we feed our kids? And he's gonna fix it hopefully. And he'll stop the mayhem on the border.


I mean, that's why he won. Brilliant as always, Pierce, great to see you. Great to see you Meghan. Take care. Alright, coming up in a minute, we're gonna have Baja Ungar, Sagan, but I do wanna say a couple things on what Pierce is saying. He's totally right. I love talking to him. And on the billionaire front, You know I was thinking about this 'cause who, obviously Trump is a billionaire. It's different. Nobody ever questioned any sane person that he understood the working class. I mean, that's, that was why he got elected in 16 billionaire, though he may be, he understands the working class and worked very hard to help them and created 400,000 new manufacturing jobs. But who is the big billionaire behind Trump's campaign?


It was Elon Musk, who's the richest man in the world. And what was Elon Musk saying to us? What has he been saying all along? Free speech. I wanna make sure that you can speak, you can say what you wanna say, even if it's controversial. That's why I bought Twitter, which wasn't a good business investment for me at all to make it easier for you to do that. And two, I would like to work for you. I would like to work for you. Would you please hire me? You don't have to pay me anything. I would like to go to work to make your life better. I, I would like to find efficiencies in government. I would like to cut down on red tape. And when we, when we find efficiencies in government, You know why companies, my brother used to do this You know why they bring in somebody who, who is an expert on finding efficiencies.


Because yes, it could potentially mean that some people lose their jobs and then those people will move to the private sector if we, if they're in government and Elon spoken to that, trying to find a, a good sort of safe road for them to go from one to the other where they're supported somewhat by the taxpayer because we need to give 'em a soft landing. We don't just go fire a bunch of federal employees for nothing and hurt them on the way out. But we do need to slim down the government. So we find the efficiencies You know what happens is we save money, we save a lot of money and the, and the company starts doing better. And the company in this particular situation is the United States of America. And as You know, we have massive amounts of debt. And if we don't start finding efficiencies in our big, big company, it's going to go bankrupt.


That's Trump's billionaire offering to work for us as opposed to come in all glammed up and say Kamala Harris, as Oprah just shouted at us over and over trying to tell us we had to do what she said. Well that didn't work. It's never going to work. And God bless America 'cause they saw right through it. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And no fear.