
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. In this Thursday am special episode, there's two things in particular I wanna get to with you today. No guest, just me. We mentioned it on the show on Wednesday, but did you see any of this hearing that they had in the Senate on Monday? It was called The American Health and Nutrition, A second opinion round Table discussion at the Senate. It was hosted by US Senator Ron Johnson, Republican from Wisconsin, Ron Johnson of Wisconsin.


And it was so eye-opening and alarming, and I really, really, really hope you guys will go back and look at it. It's four hours long. You could watch it on 2.0, but we'll post a link to it. In our episode description. I'm gonna give you just a couple of highlights. All right.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you. Oh, that someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds impossible, right? But. it is a sad reality for some American homeowners, and it's a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. It's a form of real estate fraud or scammers. Leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name. Then they take out loans against your property, or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through home title lock.com, offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You, Can. Sign up today@hometitlelock.com and use promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free, and a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code, Megan and home title lock.com, or just by using the link below.


You know, Dr. Casey means she was on our show a couple Fridays ago promoting her book, good Energy, and it's a, an incredible read and it's very upsetting, but also a call to action when it comes to what we're feeding our children and ourselves. She talks about what, what we're doing to ourselves, you know, mitochondrial damage that we're causing to ourselves and how the entire system is set up to hurt us from the way we shop, to the way we farm, to the way we feed kids in school, to the way our doctors treat us, to the way they hook us on medicine. And big pharma steps in to keep us hooked forever to how doctors in med school are not educated on how to heal anything.


No prevention, no nutrition. It's all about how to treat illnesses that are there with a pill or a scalpel, and the whole system's on its head when it comes to our wellbeing and our health. So RFKJ was there, he was one of sort of the co-hosts, I would say, But. it really wasn't about him. He was making good points, But. it was really about these activists who have been in this space for a long time sounding the alarm. Here's a soundbite from Casey means, Dr. Stanford educated surgeon on what she didn't learn in med school at SAT 37. It's not an overstatement to say that I learned virtually nothing at Stanford Medical School about the tens of thousands of scientific papers that elucidate these root causes of why American health is plummeting and how environmental factors are causing it.


For instance, in medical school, I did not learn that for each additional serving of ultra processed food, we eat early mortality increases by 18%. This now makes up 67% of the foods our kids are eating. I took zero nutrition courses in medical school. We need a return to common sense and intuition. We need a return to awe for the sheer miraculousness of our lives. We need all hands on deck. Casey's book goes into things like, I mean, truly ultra processed foods being the absolute worst, the absolute worst.


They're everywhere. Stay outta the middle of the grocery store. It's the food you put in your pantry or your cupboard. It's not the food around the aisles, you know, on the outskirts of the grocery store that will spoil in a week. If, you leave it on the counter. That's the stuff that you should be eating, but you should be eating organic versions of it. Organic fruits and vegetables. I know it's expensive, but so is high healthcare, you know, a a lot of healthcare needs, and unfortunately the system is set up to make you sick. So it's a must. And she was talking in great detail about, you know, the amount of pesticides that we are putting on our fruits and vegetables in the modern American farm is absolutely horrifying.


And that these are carcinogens. They're carcinogens, and we expect them to kill on impact all of these bugs. But with us, it's supposed to be fine, like does absolutely nothing to us. We're some, you know, magical creature that doesn't have any blowback from consuming all of these chemicals. So organic fruits and vegetables, pasture raised organic chicken and eggs, grass fed organic beef and meal and milk too grass fed milk, wild caught fish because the other stuff is filled with a bunch, bunch of stuff, not just toxins, but plastics and so on.


She talks about exercise and how if there were a drug that you could take that would reduce your risk of Alzheimer's in half, it would be the number one bestselling drug in all of America. And she writes in the book, there is, it's called Walking 10,000 steps a day. That's it. Like move, move your body, get a, get a treadmill, get a walking treadmill, a a, a raising reasonable desk and a walking treadmill underneath it. So You Can, get your steps in, challenge yourself, hot and cold therapy, You, Can. Just turn your shower to cold at the end of the shower, two minutes, start with 30 seconds, work your way up to 60, then do two.


It eventually doesn't hurt, it hurts in the beginning, but your body needs to be shocked with extreme heat and extreme cold because that's how we used to live, right? Like the, our ancestors who grew up in the mountains would face 40 degree temperatures overnight and 80 degree temperatures during the day, and we're used to that, not 72 degrees, perfectly comfortable inside a climate controlled living room or office all day. Talks about getting back in touch with nature. You heard a little bit of that in her, in her soundbite about how you should be outside for some 15 minute minutes within the first hour of waking up. You be the one to walk your dogs.


You be the one to go out for. Get the paper off your driveway, reconnection, connecting with nature through hikes or moonlight star gazes or yes, the feet in the grass, and your children too. And sort of reconnect with our connection with one another and how we're all related. You know, we're all part of the same cycle that regenerates generation after generation, both the earth and ourselves. There's a lot in that book, and there was a lot at that hearing that was really sensible. And also, let's be honest, somewhat infuriating when it comes to the incentives that these companies have to keep us sick.


That big pharma medicine, big ag, they don't give a damn about the amount of pesticides they're shoving at us. They just wanna make money. They don't give a damn about the ultra processed foods. They're shoving down our children's faces in school and at the grocery store. They just wanna make money. And then the doctors make money on the backend because everyone gets sick because colon cancer rates are going up and pancreatic cancer is striking at younger and younger ages and people are dying. But the system always wins. The system lives on and finds a whole new generation of potential victims.


There was a woman who I mentioned on the show, she was great. Her name is Vni Hari, and she's a food activist. She was there with a guy named Jason Karp, who's the founder, and CEO of human co-brands and co-founder, something called Hugh Kitchen. And they got up there to talk about the difference just between Europe and the, the United States, about how the European government does actually have some baseline regulations on what can be in the food supply. We have like none, it's still the wild west here. And she made this example with a few different food types, including fruit lubes.


Here's a bit of that. This is the Canadian version. This is the brightness of the Canadian version just for, for visibility. And this is the brightness of artificial food dyes. So of course, Kellogg and other food companies will argue children prefer this over this, just as they would prefer cocaine over sugar. That doesn't make it okay, But, but I think The addiction to sugar, not to mention those food dyes, which are carcinogens, is rampant. You guys know by this point the story of how these food groups decided that saturated fat was gonna be made the bad guy and sugar was gonna be added into all our foods.


So we got rid of saturated fat, we put sugar in everything. We all got addicted to sugar. Our kids are addicted to sugar. Casey means writes in her book, do you know how much sugar kids actually should be taking in these little kids? The, the federal guidelines suggested something like 25 grams, zero, zero. I just really like these yasso bars. I still like them. I'm not gonna lie. They have 18 grams of sugar. That's like the lighter Greek yogurt style ice cream just on a stick. So your amount you take in is limited. That's not how kids eat ice cream. Most kids have like a big bowl of ice cream. And in a lot of families, like my own, we were allowing to happen every night.


We were not stopping our kids from having dessert. Eh, they're thin, they seem healthy. That's terrible. Like I'm ashamed we were doing that, that we're not doing that now. But think about it like the whole industry is a big shoulder shrug. What did they do in school? Every time somebody has a birthday, there's a treat, there's a cake, there's a cookie, there's something that's both, both highly or ultra processed and sugary to perpetuate your kids' addiction. You go out to dinner seed oils, they're in everything. We showed you the video a couple weeks ago of how seed oils are made. It, it looks like filling up the gas tank in your car. I don't even know what that substance is.


It's absolutely disgusting. And it's an everything vegetable oil sounds so healthy. Olive oil, yes. Coconut oil, yes, avocado oil, yes. But all these things try going and eating healthy seeds and nuts in the grocery store. They are healthy seeds and nuts. That's a good snack. Unless you buy the 90% prepackaged kind that are everywhere that say they were roasted in sunflower oil, which they almost all do. Pesto, vegetable oil, sunflower oil, whatever, oil. You have to really look to find olive oil as the base. You have to read all the ingredients. It, it takes a lot of time.


Who's got time to learn all these lessons? But these changes could be potentially lifesaving. I am irritated. We have to work so hard for it. I want a store that will just offer only healthy foods, and I mean truly healthy without the pesticides, without the ultra processed stuff, without all the sugar, the added sugar. They're not complaining about the sugar that's in a pear without drinks like sodas and fruit juice, which are just the devil. There isn't such a thing. And when they tried to at this hearing to call attention to these issues, they got laughed at. You know, I ta I talked about the Atlantic article that referred to it as the, the woowoo Summit.


Screw You. That magazine is owned by Lorraine Powell jobs. Do you think she has to worry about what's on the back of a cereal box? She's got chefs and drivers, and she probably has her own organic regenerative farm from which she eats all of her own stuff, including beef and so on. She's probably got only the wild caught salmon brought to her this, she doesn't have to worry about this. So she writes an, she has this magazine, the Atlantic, in which one of her writers just shits all over the expertise of doctors from Stanford and Harvard.


The best institutions as just, whoa, whoa, they're nuts. They're crazy. Why? Because the vast majority of advertisers and the mainstream media are controlled by big pharma. The vast majority are controlled. So they have no interest in doing stories that make Pfizer look bad. Not to mention Kellogg's, no interest whatsoever. And people like Elaine, like Lorraine Powell jobs, Steve Jobs's widow, have absolutely none of the same concerns that you or I or people who are working class have in terms of ease and functionality and cost in getting groceries and food into their homes that won't poison themselves.


The other thing is the water supply. The fluor, the fluoride fluoride in the vast majority of water, not to mention all of the pollutants. Get a water filter, get a Brita. That's actually not that expensive. Get a Brita and just drink through. I haven't been doing it. If you're If, you haven't, you're not alone. I, I hadn't either. I like to consider myself as somebody who's relatively well-informed. Nope. Now we have one and You Can get, you know, the kind that goes right on your faucet, If, you prefer that you, you could do just your drinking faucet, but you know, ideally you do the faucet in your bathroom, If, you pour up a glass of water there before you go to bed or when you wake up, there's a special kind of faucet. I just found out, like, I mean a filter that You Can get that like filters all the water that comes into your house.


I think it's large and it's probably not cheap. I have not yet asked those questions, but there's options out there to clean up your water supply. Not to mention your air supply. I don't have, I don't have an air filter in my house. I don't have one, but I'm gonna get one. The amount of plastics that we're breathing and pollution that we're breathing, they actually say it's less polluted outside than inside. We heard that from Casey means all these things we could be changing to improve our wellbeing and that of our children. And we have a government that's fighting against us. We have an industry around every corner that's fighting against us because it's not in their financial interest to have us get better.


So it's outrageous. Here was RFKJ talking about how now of course, everyone is hooked on Ozempic and they're starting to push it for children as young as six. So 38, It's not 74% of Americans are obese. The cost of all of them, if they take their ozempic prescriptions will be $3 trillion a year or half the price. Ozempic. We could purchase Regeneratively, raise organic agriculture or organic food for every American three meals a day and gym membership for every obese American.


Why are members of Congress doing the bidding of this Danish company instead of standing up for American farmers and children? Good question. I mean, it, it certainly serves big ag. The, the food companies. What a, they, they would love us to remain as obese as we are. We're at record levels of obesity right now in this country. They would love that we're patients forever and we just buy more food. And we sit on our couch and then we go to the big pharma companies and we ask for either Ozempic or we the somebody who will cure all the health problems that we've caused by eating this way and living this way. They, that's fantastic for them.


They don't give a damn about you or me. That's, that's what Jillian Michaels was trying to say. She was there too, you know, from the Biggest Loser. She's got a great podcast now. She spent her life trying to help people get in shape, move more, live in a more healthy way. Here she was in SAT 36, The late seventies and the early eighties, a sinister series events converged to change food and subsequently health in America indefinitely a plague that crept like a fog. While we slept, literally and figuratively, blindly trusting that the powers the beat would never betray us. I mean, it seemed unthinkable to question whether a corporation would poison us for profit.


The default human condition in the 21st century is obese By Design. Specific traceable forms of what's referred to as structural violence are created by the catastrophic quartet of big farming, big food, big pharma, and big insurance. They systematically corrupt every institution of trust, which has led to the global spread of obesity and disease. It's really totally disheartening. But You Can do something about it. This MAHA thing, it's for real. That's a movement that will live on no matter who wins that this election.


Make America healthy again. As Nicole Shanahan was talking about yesterday, that must continue and you'll hopefully be a part of it. Stop buying these foods. Stop buying the stuff with the food coloring in it. Stay away from the inside of the grocery store aisles. Shop the perimeter. Stop patronizing these companies that are trying to hurt us and start moving your bodies more and sleeping better, right? We had a guy on this show a couple years ago, he was awesome. I'll get the show number for you. But he talked about how you need to set a sleeping schedule for yourself. Doug and I, we go to bed every night, no later than 10, 10 15.


You know, obviously there's a night here or there where that doesn't work. But for the most part, I would say 85% of our lives, that's when we go to bed and we wake up between six and six 30 and that's eight hours. Maybe we sleep seven of them. Sometimes we're lucky and we sleep eight of them. But it's, it's not even, what's really important is that you sleep well where you get that deep sleep. It was episode 2 84 with Matt Walker, episode 2 84 in our archive. But you do have to prioritize your sleep. That's a critical to preventing dementia and to living well and give your body and cells a chance to regenerate. So anyway, all these things can be done.


Adjusting your sleep schedule, that doesn't take any sort of money for most people. It just takes the will to be a bit more regulated on your yeses, on your social calendar and so on. And you know, pulling away from television at that hour of night and so on. So anyway, I wanted to bring this to you because it's being so ignored by the mainstream media and that's what they want. So F them. F them. We're not gonna ignore it. We're gonna talk about it. Alright, now I wanna shift gears because I've got to talk to you about what happened over on CNN and then subsequently The View in the media. Because this is just the most ridiculous media story we've seen in a while.


It involves a professor at Vanderbilt University named Michael Eric Dyson. He was on CNN Nancy Mace Republican representative from the state of South Carolina was there as well. And they were giving her a hard time because on the show, on CNN, she was not pronouncing Kamala correctly. Well, there was a bit of a meltdown because just like Bill Clinton, she wasn't pronouncing it correctly. And that's not allowed. You see, take a listen to how that went. In so 14, When you disrespect Kamala Harris by saying you will call her whatever you want, I know you don't intend it to be that way.


That's the history and legacy of white disregard for the humanity of black people. Oh, so now you're calling me racist. I didn't say I a racist. Yes, that is completely, you don't have to intent racist. No, you your name, right? And Kamala Harris. Kamala Kamala, you without called Nancy what I want. Ka, you're doing this, this on purpose Congress disrespectful. Just a second. So now just hold onto that thought. Okay. First, he lays into her saying that this is part of a history of white disregard for the humanity of black people. White disregard for the humanity of black people. Then she says, oh, now you're calling me racist.


No, I didn't say, you don't have to intend. He says, you don't have to intend racism in order to say something racist in order to be racist. You don't have to intend it. Intent is irrelevant. They've been saying this a lot in the past few years. Part of the whole DEI initiative, your intent is irrelevant. Your statements either are or are not racist. Your behavior either is or is not racist. And what he says her behavior is, is that she's part of a history and legacy of white disregard for the humanity of black people. Now you tell me, was she being accused of racism or not? Hello? It's very obvious. And I don't blame her for being irritated, which she was.


So I don't know if it was a day or two after that Nancy Mace finds herself back at her real job, which is in Congress and previously in this hearing, okay, it was a month later. Previously in this hearing, we're gonna play you a soundbite from a Democrat, decided to go off on people who are not pronouncing Kamala Harris' name correctly. Same old thing. It's racist about sexist, whatever it is. And Nancy Mace came up later in the congressional hearing and tried to rebut some of those claims that were being made. And here is what she did in part in SAT 13, I would like to also enter into the record a screenshot of a text message I received from the esteemed professor from Vanderbilt, Michael Eric Dyson, after my CNN interview begged me for photos.


In this text, he says, after calling me a racist on CNN sh, don't tell anybody we look good together and sent me a kissy emoji without objection. And the guy, the guy says, I'm gorgeous in all these photos. I don't think he's that ben outta shape on how anyone pronounces Kamala. And if we're gonna have that standard, you gotta hold it to both sides, not just one or the one or the other. That last comment was a reference to, she went through all the Democrats who mispronounce Kamala's name. It's not just a Republican thing, it's an unusual name. And people take time to get used to it. And people even who are her fans, mispronounce it. So just shut up. They're constantly looking for some reason to play the race card.


We've seen that for years. We all know it. So whatever. So she enters into the record that Michael Eric Dyson sent her flirty texts after he called her, suggested she was a racist on CNN. And she enters into the congressional record a picture of the two of them backstage at CNN. We would later learn in which he comments on how good they look together. And her gorgeousness, which I gotta be honest, I thought was kind of funny. I don't blame her if, if she's, if she's a racist, if she's somebody who says racist things, why would you pose for a nice picture all smiles and be so complimentary of her behind the scenes?


Soon as the cameras, the TV cameras are off. Why would you do that? Well, Michael Eric Dyson, who is on wife number three, decided to try to explain why he did that in an Instagram post, which is frankly, somewhat bizarre. So, 12, I ain't tried to hit on this woman on no day. These are other people that I interacted with recently, my friends, some of them, my friend Allison. I said, nice, you look gorgeous. Then there is my friend Terry, who I was giving tickets to for the Democratic National Convention.


You look gorgeous as always. Then my colleague Lisa at Vanderbilt, and I said, me and Ms. Gorgeous and then Councilwoman Mary Sheffield. I said, gorgeous and brilliant leader to Dana Bash. I congratulated her on the interview she did with Kamala Harris. Besides being brilliant and courageous, you also look gorgeous. And then I put a a, a power hand and a smiley a face with, with with hearts. I ain't hitting on Nancy Mace.


I often acknowledge people's Es and men's too by everybody. So my point is that this is a woman trying to exploit a situation. I, I have not dated white women. Not that that's a problem. And let me correct one thing I did say that night, I said, you are a wonderful woman. Let me correct myself. You are a racist. You are a racially charged, small minded, bigoted person. I've told, I've read other exchanges with people where I've called them gorgeous. And if you're that desperate that you need a black man to holler at you, I'm not the one to do it. There are plenty on your side who can do that ma'am.


But you got the wrong brother in me Once again. He plays the race card. And what kind of a weird defense? I call every woman, not my wife, gorgeous. And going through the long list of the women. And I told her she's gorgeous and she's gorgeous and she's gorgeous. I have a little piece of free advice for you, Michael, pro tip, stop telling women not your wife, how gorgeous they are. It tends to lead a woman to think you might be interested in her. It's a weird thing to say that word in particular to a bunch of women who are not your wife. Honestly. Like that's just weird.


If Nancy Mace were posing like with her husband and you said gorgeous couple, that's fine. You're both gorgeous. I can get on board with that. Your gorgeousness and sh don't tell anybody, but we look good together. There are very few women on earth who would not perceive that as a come on. Goes back to intent. Michael, you may not have intended it as a come on to Nancy Mace, but that is how it was received and therefore you're guilty. These are your rules. We're just playing by them. So then this guy has the gall to go on The View, which quickly laundered the whole situation into, once again, he's the victim and it's racial watch.


So because We live in the crazy year of 2024, she then later accused you of sending her flirty texts, which she entered into the congressional record. Can you clear this up for us, professor? I'm a preacher so I know sin my own and others, right? Nobody's perfect. As a professor, I've seen things evolve over space and time. What you could say 20 years ago, can't say today. No. Yeah. Not because you are suddenly wrong, but the temper of the times has changed. Yeah, right. So If, you acknowledge a woman's beauty that is a power imbalance. There's a problem there. But peer-to-peer a different story. Still cautious but different. So when it comes to Nancy Mace, you see I tried to be nice to the woman. I, I said, you, you are a wonderful woman.


I lied. I then said, but, but I tried to be nice to her. Yeah. And then even when I pointed out to her what the repetition of the misnaming of Kamala Harris would do, she got defensive. Oh, you're calling me a racist. No. And you never did. I was watching down. I never did. I, I think Shakespeare said the lady Duff protest too much. So the point is that, that this woman has now depended upon like her inspiration. Donald Trump, a racist trope. The black brute seeks the innocent white woman. That's right. And now, and I'll say one final thing to all of these white Christians, and she's one of them the, the Bible says, if my people who are called by my name speak it will humble themselves and pray and turn their face to God and turn the word from their wicked ways, then I will hear from heaven.


Yes. And then I will forgive their sins and I will heal the land. Alright? They have not forgiven themselves. White Christians hate themselves for the past wrongs that have been done. And I'm here as a loving Christian to say, let's grapple with that past. Oh my God, there's so much to go over. So the question is tossed to him, right? Like what happened? Clear up. What happened immediately? What does he do? He goes into religion. I'm a preacher. I know sin my own and others. Now you know, you know from Phil Houston's by the lie, one of the things that liars do is invoke religion right away. Right away they invoke religion. It's a dodge, it's an attempt to convince you they're a good person.


The truth is not his ally. So he ran from it. I mean this is just classic, classic deception. He goes on, blah, blah, blah. I tried to be nice to the woman. I said, you're a wonderful woman. I lied, but I tried to be nice. So he's on the attack right now. He's gotta attack her and goes on again. Then he tries to say, she said, oh, you're calling me a racist. No. And Alyssa Farog Griffin chimes in and you never did. I was watching. Well, it's true. He never uttered the words, you are a racist. But he did say that her refusal to pronounce Kamala's name correctly was part of a history and legacy of white disregard for the humanity of black people.


And when she said, you're basically calling me a racist, he said, you don't have to intend racism to actually be doing it. That's calling someone racist. Sir, I don't blame Nancy Mace for receiving that message from you because that is what you were saying. That is exactly what you were saying. That it's racist for her not to properly pronounce Kamala's name. Then she goes into, and then he goes into this ridiculous, okay, now this woman just like her inspiration, Donald Trump ha. She uses a racist trope. The black brute seeks the innocent white woman.


And then you've got Whoopee chiming in. That's right. Okay. She used racist trope to attack me. The black brute seeks the innocent white woman. That's what he says she was doing by releasing the text messages. You are just upset you got caught. That's why you're upset. She wasn't trying to make you look like a black brute seeking the innocent white woman she was calling into question your sincerity in suggesting she was a racist If. you really thought that you would not be hitting on her in her dms right after the show. And you know, professor at Vanderbilt that that's exactly what she was doing because you don't seem like a dumb man.


You once again play the race card to excuse your own bad behavior. Maybe you do really text 10,000 women in a year about how gorgeous they are. That's a failing, sir. That's a failing. And when it comes back to bite you in the ass, you should just say, I'm sorry. That's it. You don't have to try to attack her again. Once again saying she's racist. And there wasn't one sane person on the set of The View. I know you're shocked to actually speak honestly about what happened and about what he did, how he attacked her, and that he came onto her and then he played the race card and the victim and then was allowed to repeat the cycle on the set of a b, C news, which is no longer in the news business.


It is in the business of doing one thing. And that is getting Kamala Harris elected and doing anything they can to make Trump or his supporters look bad. Would love your feedback, taking your emails, Megan at m Kelly dot com. When we come back, I'm actually gonna take some of your questions that have been sent to that very email address. Don't go away,


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university based in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career, calling You Can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of December, 2023, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University private Christian affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


Now we're doing a feature we call Asked and Answered where I answer your questions and address your thoughts about the show or topics in the news. Anything you want, You Can, email me, Megan, M-E-G-Y-N at m Kelly dot com or You Can. Just go to m Kelly dot com now and they'll prompt you on how to sign up. Okay, I've got my executive producer, Steve Krakau here, who's been going through the mailbag, which I do read. Meg Storm runs our website and she pulls the emails for me and collates them and puts them and I get them every week. So I to all those people saying, I know you don't read this. 'cause we say I do too. Yes I do. I read as many of them as I can, and that's a lot.


I would say I read most of them. Steve, what do we have this week? Yeah, Megan, I read them. I read them too. We like a lot of great emails. Keep them coming. Megan at m Kelly dot com. Love the comments, but also questions. You know, we're gonna be doing these questions now every week, so questions, we love those. We'll try to answer them. And the first question comes from Lily, who wants to know, what does Trump publicly saying? I hate Taylor Swift as he did on truth social achieve, except to make himself look childish and petty. She says, Trump needs to publicly say, despite how I feel about Taylor Swift, keep in mind that voting for Kamala means you want to continue runaway inflation and increasing crime and open borders. That's her prescription. What do you think? That doesn't sound like Donald Trump.


I thought it was perfectly on brand for Trump. And honestly I know that it caused a lot of consternation. It didn't bother me. I mean, as somebody who came out that night and said, screw you Taylor Swift. I was like, I'm not. I'm running a glass house here. I realize I'm not running for president. And he is, but I don't think that hurt him. I think he's trying to telegraph to people she's bad. You shouldn't like her either. And there may be some people who are like, you know what, I'm kind of sick of her too. You know how it's like when one person says that, then you're like, you know, I don't really like her either. And then one thing happens after another. Look, there was just a poll out, what was it, Steve? Was it the CNM poll? Or the Quinnipiac? But Quinnipiac, yeah.


Yeah. Quinnipiac showed that Taylor Swift's endorsement hurt more than helped Kamala Harris. More people are likely not to vote for her in the wake of the endorsement. So you could argue it was actually smart of Trump to attack her and just telegraph to the maga faithful or adjacent who hadn't heard about the endorsement that Taylor sucks. We don't like Taylor. That's him like saying she's on the outs. Now. I don't, I just think so often Steve, people are quick to judge Trump's marketing brand and branding instincts and that is the one area where you really shouldn't question him.


Yeah, genius there. Absolutely. All right, here's another one. This is from Maria. Maria wants to know I'm a 3-year-old, right-leaning libertarian. She says, my family and friends are split on politics. She said, I don't feel a need to push my agenda as I'm pretty much middle of the road, but sometimes I hear people who are planning to vote and I don't understand why that's happening, why they're voting a certain way. She says, how would you approach conversations with them? I mean, I like to ask questions, right? Like, that's my job. But I also think it's a great way of really finding out where somebody stands and really listen to the answers and ask follow up questions. And if you're not looking to change their worldview, you might be illuminated and more forgiving of them.


You know? I mean, I know a lot of my friends are like very, very, very pro-choice. They are not going to vote for the Republicans, period. Okay, I get it. I mean I, I have a different set of priorities, but that doesn't mean I, they're bad people for having their set. And maybe it could cause a settlement of sorts between the two of you. Or maybe it's an issue on which you're really well educated and you could gently ask questions that kind of probe, well, you know, like take the trans issue. Do you know like what the, what the puberty blockers into cross-sex hormones do? I'm really worried about sterilizing minors who can't even get a tattoo. You know, it's like, to me that seems and You Can say it in a way that's not confrontational, it's not judgmental, right?


It's just you're just sticking to your own belief system. If, you feel the need to get into it at all. But that's how I would do it. I think just the number one thing though is not to bring your judgment into it, If. you genuinely wanna just hear how they feel. Don't bring your judgment in If. you are trying to persuade all the more reasons to just keep asking questions and gently start introducing the things that make you feel differently and hear how they overcome them, if at all. But I mean, as a, as a rule, when I'm in my personal life and I'm with people who are not of my political persuasion, I don't talk politics. Right? Right. Yeah. And I have to say we live in very messy and complicated times. I was, I was at a wedding over the weekend and my uncle is not a fan of many of the, the ways that the topics are covered on the show.


And yet he loves Nicole Shanahan. And so I said, oh, Nicole's coming on next week. I was like, oh, that's great. Love her. So interesting. That's so Cool. There's, there's always some common ground as, as Kamala Harris might say, there's a Venn diagram in which we overlap. That's right Nicole. Right in the middle. Okay, last one. Something fun. This is from Erin. She's a mom of three teens in Ontario. She says, thank you for your balanced and courageous mama bearlike news coverage. But then she says, this may sound stripe, but I would love to know the shade and brand of your most frequent lip color. I get this question a lot. Okay, more often than not, it is not a lipstick, it is a lip liner. It's my favorite lip liner.


I wear it almost every day. And then I'll either put just like some clear lip gloss or you know, lip balm on over it. Not every day but a lot of days. And I have it here. It is made by Mac and it, the color is dervish dervish and I love it. It's neutral. It's like this kind of doesn't look neutral. I can, I don't dunno if You Can see that, put it in front of my pasty skin. So You, Can, see, it looks, maybe I'll put it like here. Can you see? It might look not neutral But, it is kind of neutral. It's like slightly pink, maybe a little mo, but on your lips it's pretty benign and I like that.


'cause it, it'll kind of go with anything. And I like sort of coloring in the lips, you know, with it. I don't just do it as a liner. I put on the liner and then I put a little bit in the middle and then I just do the, you know, where you smack your lips together and then you just put on like your favorite lip balm over it. Or if I'm feeling saucy, then I'll add, you know, an actual lip gloss over it and I've got a bunch of different ones. We can, we can get into the the saucy days. Another time. I will say, I have one right here. This is not what I would put over. Like this is this one. I actually got it in The Bahamas first and now, now it's kind of hard to find, but it's by reunited. Reunited.


And I like it 'cause it's, I wear this like sometimes when I have white on or like tan because it's this pretty brown, I'll put it on now. You Can. See what it does, it's got a little sparkle. All right, for the listening audience, I am putting it on And You Can. See it's got like a little, little sparkle. So if you're like looking to call a little attention, maybe the eyes are kind of not as made up, you could get away with that. But I really like that too. So those are my two makeup tips for today. But I'm not getting any money for these endorsements, so you know, they're real Nice. Aaron will appreciate that. Thank you. Yes, That's right. Enjoy Aaron, I'll see you at the max door.


Alright, well all, so that's More questions. That's it, right? That's it for, that's our first edition of the mail bag. We're not gonna do a ton of them because we don't wanna annoy you, but we thought we'd pick some that might be representative of like when we get a lot on one subject. And those were so you guys keep the emails coming. The questions to Megan, it's spelled M-E-G-Y-N at m Kelly dot com. Alright, one last thing before we go. It is time for another edition of, you Can't Say that it's a franchise on the show that we decided to bring back where we highlight something that you cannot say or do or think in 2024. Like you cannot say Kamala, you cannot say that. You can't say Kamala.


Kamala is a hard no. Okay. They is so important. They give us a full lesson at the DNC involving children and songs and you just don't do it. Or you're gonna wind up getting weird sexts from Michael Eric Dyson. Okay, that's not all though. Today we're actually looking at the case of Zach Bryan, the superstar country music singer who made the enormous mistake. This was very dumb, Zach, of having a few too many drinks one night getting on Twitter, now known as X, and letting the world know that he actually enjoys Kanye or yay West's music more than Taylor Swift's the nerve. That sexist pig. Yes, the offending post was sent late on Tuesday night, September 17th when he praised his favorite football team, the Eagles, and said that they were greater than the Kansas City Chiefs.


The team Taylor's boyfriend, Travis Kelsey plays for. Then he followed that up with another equation in which he wrote Kanye and then the greater than symbol, you know, like the little carrot Kanye greater than Taylor, OMG. He followed that up with Who's With me? Well Zach, the internet is not with you because you apparently are not allowed to make negative comments about Taylor Swift. Well, guess what? Internet, we do it here all the time. For those who are not familiar with the backstory, Taylor Swift and Kanye have been feuding for more than 15 years after the rapper crashed the stage as Swift accepted a VMA award in 2009 and he said she shouldn't have won and Beyonce should have won and that was rude.


But some people are not over it. There's been a whole back and forth between them. But the key factor to keep in mind is that Kanye West wore a MAGA hat and has some more recent questionable views when it comes to Jews. And Taylor Swift endorsed Kamala Harris because she's such a fan of Tim Wall's, L-G-B-T-Q policy. She loves to trans the children. That's Taylor. So how dare you, Zach? You're supposed to be on Taylor's side. You're supposed to be on Kamala Harris' side, and if you're not, you should have the good natured instincts to keep it to yourself. Well, Zach learned this lesson right away as the swifties came for him in short order. The next morning the country singer tweeted, guys, I love Taylor and followed up with, if anyone took it serious, please know I love both artists a lot and think we're in a really beautiful time of music.


Not good enough, Zach. The hate continued and he deactivated his ex account. Oh my God, I miss the real men. I'm sorry Zach, but I miss real men. But he did not deactivate in time. You see, before he did it, he issued a profuse apology on his Instagram page. Spread over four, count him four lengthy Instagram stories. Brian poured his heart out, apparently hoping to stop the swifty mob from their hideous attacks. Look at this one. I wasn't coming for Taylor the other night. I was drunkenly comparing two records and it came out wrong. I know there's a lot of stuff that clouds around.


Yay. And I was speaking purely musically. I love Taylor's music and pray. You guys know I'm human and tweets stupid things often hope one day I can explain this to her. Twitter gets me in trouble too much and I'd say it's best. I stay off of it. I'm sorry to any Taylor fans. I pissed off or let down love you guys and I'm trying my best. Oh my God, I have secondhand embarrassment. Bring back our men. That wasn't it. He wasn't done. He continued. It just came off as rude and desensitized to Taylor. I respect her so much as a musician that the last thing I want is people thinking I don't appreciate and love what she has done as a musician.


He wrote before, closing it out with Don't drink and tweet. Oh my God, I'm sorry, Zach. Brian, where are your balls I that mankind would like to know? That's the lesson. Zach, don't drink and tweet. Sure, here's another. If you're thinking of daring to say that you prefer someone else's, especially somebody who's endorsed Trump music more than Taylor Swift's, well, you can't say that. Oh wait, this is America. Thanks for joining me today and every day talk to you the next time. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda.


And, no fear.