
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim. However you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sports book. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the O's. Oh or the no, no no's no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey Everyone, I'm Megyn Kelly. Welcome to the me Kellie Show. It's debate Night in America. The first, and let's face it, likely only showdown between former President Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris. He wanted more. He said, I'll do yours on A, B, C and then you come over to Fox News and do one with me. And she said No, she doesn't wanna go in front of anyone who might even just be neutral or fair. She wants to go with her home court advantage, which she will get at A BC. I don't know how they'll, they will behave tonight, but I certainly know that they are in the tank for her and against Trump.


The Media Research Center just had that study that they released yesterday that we discussed showing exactly that, that A, B, C, actually their World News Tonight program is the most biased of all three of the network news programs. I mean, so that tells you something, almost no positive stories about Trump. Almost all positive stories about Kamala Harris. And that's what these moderators will be bringing to the fore. It takes place in Philadelphia. The moderators are David Muir of World News Tonight and Lindsay Davis and the rules will match the June CNN debate after all the back and forth. God, they were so annoying about it. Trump just said, let's stick with the rules. Let's stick with A, B, C. Now all of this was pre-agreed. And she tried to say, no, I want the mics on while the other person speaking because she reportedly thought that Trump wouldn't be able to control himself.


And let's face it, she might've been right and that's why he was like, no, let's keep him off. Anyway, he won. He won. He wound up winning. The mics will be off at least supposedly while the other person is speaking. No audience, no opening statements. And we're off to the races. We've got Kellie j Keen here later with me after we talk about the debate in at SiriusXM headquarters or at least SiriusXM Los Angeles headquarters. And she's coming up next. There's a lot to discuss with her. God, she's amazing. I've never met her in person before. She's such a force of nature. We're so lucky to have her in this crazy gender ideology battle. But we're gonna start with politics and I, I'm just gonna talk to you directly about my thoughts on what to watch for at tonight's debate.


And then I will give you a list of questions I would be asking that I would ask Donald Trump. I just sketched it out this morning, literally over coffee. So it's not like a fully formed debate question list. But I think it would be helpful. Team Trump should look at this before the debate and consider what they would do with these questions. Because look, you guys know what to ask Kamala Harris. I I, that would be something I could do. I could ad-lib that, those debate questions. It'd be super fun. But Trump's gonna get it too. And there's some vulnerabilities on his side and it's important to thank them through and I'm sure his team has been doing that.


Cars are valuable assets until the car gets old and is no longer used. It takes up space. It still costs you in insurance and selling is a hassle. Who has time for this? But you don't need to just let it languish. Actually you can let cars for kids take care of it. They take any car in any condition and they will even do all the paperwork. So you do not have to. Isn't that a blessing? All you need to do is go online, schedule a free pickup and sign the title If. You have one. The whole process literally takes two minutes. It's a win-win your donation is tax deductible. Plus these donations support youth and educational program. So you'll be making a big difference in a child's life. And for your generosity. Cars for Kids will send you a three day, two night hotel voucher when you donate. They have done this millions of times. Okay? So you are in good hands and if you're like me, you know that donating your car to Cars for kids is the way to go. Don't wait. Claim your vacation voucher and make a difference in a child's life today. Donate online today at cars spelled with a K for the numeral four kids.org/ MK. That's KARS, the numeral four KI ds.org/ MK.


So the first thing I would say if Donald Trump asked for my debate prep thoughts and he hasn't, is just do not get off message. This is an opportunity to spread your message and it almost doesn't matter what the moderator asks or how Kamala Harris needles you, he did a good job of this at that debate against Joe Biden on CNN in June If. you go back and look, he was remarkably on message, especially for Trump who tends to meander. Immigration, immigration, immigration, inflation, inflation, inflation. It's easy. They both begin with I, he can just keep saying them over and over and over. And I, there's a way, you know, when I was at Jones Day, the law firm at which I practiced for many years, they gave us a seminar when we were young lawyers on how to bridge, how to bridge away from any conversation you don't wanna be in.


Because as a litigator standing in front of a judge you need that skill. And bridging is pretty easy. If, you just know how to do it. It's like, Megan, how much do you weigh? Or this is a question. No, no one wants to answer, no woman wants to answer. You know, it's funny that you should ask me that 'cause I was actually just on this scale the other day, it was so bizarre. It showed you not only your weight But, it showed you the weight of the person who had been on before you. And I thought to myself, who really wants this? What are I gonna have? Like something that reveals age next? And you know, speaking of age, I was just at my niece's wedding and I just, I was there, I was just thinking all about the passage of time and age and just how yes, with age comes wisdom, but also this recognition that the next generation is rising.


How important they are to one's legacy and one's experience of meaning on this earth. And it was just such an amazing experience. So anyway, thanks for asking. What's your question? Right? So then you mo move on, you, you can easily just get out of what you've been asked and onto a topic you would like to discuss. If, you just take the nugget, don't reject the nugget. You're trying to make it look like you're answering, but then meander your way over here. Now If, you have an effective moderator. They will say, the question was, how much do you weigh? Right? But here, let me tell you the truth of being a debate moderator, every follow-up question and pressing for an answer to your first question qualifies comes at the expense of another question.


So you really, it's not like an interview where you may have lots of time and you can drill down Every issue you get to every question has been curated and vetted at a place like A, B, C in particular, but everywhere. And you are gonna have to sacrifice your later little darlings. If, you spend too much time on this one darling. And so if you're a candidate, you'd be very wise on something you didn't much like to waste the moderator's time. Both because it gives you the chance to give your message. And because you're putting the moderator in a tough position, if he or she really wants to press you on it, they have to make a real choice there. We went back and looked at the CNN debate in June and Debbie Murphy, correct me if I'm wrong, but I think there were 16 questions.


17, 17 questions total. 10 follow ups. Alright, but 17 like real questions that had been crafted total, not just to Trump but to both of them. Think about that. Only 17 questions and the 10 follow ups are basically just like, you didn't answer or what about this or the question was that. But that's not a lot of topics. That's not really a lot to get through, which is the good news for Kamala Harris. So the point is, the moderator can't spend too much time on the one because now you're down to 16, now you're down to 15, right? You're, every additional answer he gives while you're trying to pin him down comes at the expense of something else.


And those other questions are gonna be important since you have so few topics that you can inject given the short amount of time. I do think so. He should stay on message. Immigration, inflation. I do think he's crazy if he doesn't bring up schools. You know, we had Larry Elder on the program yesterday talking about school choice. That might be a way in. But the, the insanity that's being shoved down our children's throats at school from DEI, which now she's running from her new website where she unveils her policies, which I heard somebody say the other day looks like chat. GBT did it. It's very empty, but it's not woke. You don't see DEI or race or gender or those buzzwords pretty much anywhere on there. So she and the Democrats have gotten the message that this ideology's very unpopular, including with Democrats and she's running from it.


So he should bring it up, bring it up about school choice. Instead they have to go to these schools controlled by unions who wanna shut down at the sniff of a nose. And on top of that, once our kids go there, they get race essentialism, shoved down their throat, separating the whites from the blacks in some of these schools and telling 8-year-old boys that they might be girls if they like the color purple. Hello. That happened in real life to me, my children. So he's, he should use that window and he should not let her run from her woke ism because like Biden, as soon as she gets in there, it's gonna come back to life. She's on camera saying we should all be woke as as woke as possible. That's who she is. And he should raise it. He should raise crime and he should bring up the fact that she was for defunding the police.


She did fundraise for the BLM protestors who got arrested for breaking the law and shoved that down her throat because we haven't heard much of that. Now that the country's realized what folly it was. Many of us knew at the time. But now that it's become mainstream to accept how bizarre and off that was, she's running from it. Don't let her right. Stay on it and hit the fact that we didn't have any foreign wars under Trump. He calls himself the peace president. He recently posted that. That's exactly right. Keep posting that. He's not the dangerous one, he's not the extreme one. We didn't have Putin invade Ukraine. We didn't have Hamas unleash an attack on Israel under President Trump. We didn't have a disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal.


That's a whole other field of opportunity for him. He should welcome that. He should inject that as we just marked the anniversary, the three-year anniversary of the disastrous withdrawal. Yes, he proposed a withdrawal, But it, you know, there no one in the country believes Trump would've done it this way. And he could even turn it around and say, lemme tell you why I didn't do it in this way and, and what was recommended to me and what I rejected. In any event, foreign policy is a strength for him. She doesn't know anything about it and we all know she's a no nothing. So I think those would be the main areas like immigration, inflation slash economy crime I think is good. DEI issues and foreign policy.


Those are all great issues for Trump. And he should lean into them and find a way back to them. Abortion's gonna be 100% what we raised. It'll be her best issue because it is in the polls. I think the moderators will come at it from the left, even though they shouldn't to keep things interesting. They should come at it with her from the right. Are you too extreme? When at one point is abortion too late? You know, would you re support restrictions on the third term? Make her say it's always between a woman and her doctor, whatever. We'll see, the smart debate comes at the conservative from either their left or if there's a more conservative position than this guy is taking then from his right flank.


And same thing for the democratic candidate. That's what they should do with her. She, she doesn't have a left fla that's more left than she is. So you should come at her from where the reasonable middle is in America. And they're not for abortion on demand all through the ninth month of pregnancy. In any event, Trump should not run from abortion 'cause he is gonna, he should not bridge away before answering it because this is an issue on which he's hurting and it's become the second most important issue to voters. So he does need to deal with it. And he's gotten to a good place. So he should lean into that good place and say, my position is the federal government has nothing to do with this issue. That was the rectification of Dobbs. That it pulled the federal government out of the issue and sent it back to the states.


The 50 experiments of the states like our federalist founders envisioned. And now in the same way that we have very different policies in California versus Mississippi. That's how it will be on this issue. A state by state experiment. And indeed If, you live in a state and you're very pro-choice and they lean more to a pro-life policy that may not wind up being the state for you if this is your most important issue. But abortion is not ever going to be banned in the United States. And certainly not. If I am president, I am telling you right now, if sent to my bill, if if they send to my desk a federal bill banning abortion, I will not sign it.


I didn't appoint three Supreme Court justices to overturn Roe saying this isn't a federal issue just to then try to make it one. That's not what I believe. The feds have no business governing abortion. I don't think it's constitutional for them to govern abortion. And I won't try to govern abortion when you put me back in the White House, the same as I didn't when I was already there. And I think it can add, there's only gonna be one person on this stage who thinks it's appropriate to legislate this issue at the federal level. And it is this woman over here who thinks she can take out her pen and create one rule that deprives all 50 states of their right to weigh in on this. And she should be asked whether she thinks that's appropriate to deprive the more pro-life states of their ability to regulate this thing in a more aggressive way.


Okay? So he should not run from abortion. He should answer. I feel like climate change is probably gonna come up. And I, you know, it's just, there's no ground to be made there. I think he should pivot away to one of his issues. The two parties don't see eye to eye on this. He should, if anything, pivot to energy and talk about his policies, you know, drill, baby drill and all of that and shove it down her throat that she wanted to ban fracking. And like, that's kind of the way to handle that. 'cause there's no real, there's, there's not really anybody on the left to recruit other than the people whose jobs are gonna be sacrificed thanks to Kamala Harris' policies. And the, the other main thing that he must do, he, that he must, must, must do, and I'm sure he will, is to point out you can't trust her.


We don't know who she is. She's a chameleon. She'll say anything to get elected. She has flip flopped on so many major issues. We've lost track of where she stands on the major issues in this race. She wanted to ban fracking, but now says she doesn't, she wanted to decriminalize the border, but now says she doesn't. She wanted to abolish ice, but now I guess she doesn't, she wanted to ban plastic straws, but now I guess she doesn't, she wanted to make it so that everybody in America loses their private health insurance and has to go on a government plan. And now she says she doesn't. How many things does she flip flop on?


She, she doesn't know who she is. Or worst case, she knows exactly who she is and she's hiding it from you because she doesn't want you to know how far left she is. She's a California progressive who has been acting as a California progressive from the time she got into politics, as da, as ag, as senator, and as vp. She's part of the Biden Harris administration and they're as far left as they come. So she's, you can't trust her. As soon as she gets into office, she's gonna betray all of her promises and we don't know what we're electing. Like that just has to be repeated over and over and over and over and over and over again.


The the comrade Kamala thing, that's good. If he has an opportunity to drop that, I like it. As in her, the few economic policy she's unveiled are, they are a little Marxist, true to her, her background and her family with her Marxist dad. So that's fine. But other than that, I would not call names do not get personal. It is possible that they will bring up, you know, you said she just became black. Don't go there. I mean, he will if asked about it, you shouldn't ask. Act like you're ashamed that you said it and he knows that. But I wouldn't bring it up if I were Trump. Just stay on policy. And if anything, don't say much, like let the wave pass.


Because right now he's doing well in the polls and her momentum has stalled. Her honeymoon period is over. They're right about that. The New York Times Sienna poll showed it, the blooms come off the row, the rows, she's increased her numbers with these core democratic constituencies enough that she's doing better. And now it's tight, tight, tight, tight, but not so much that she's where a normal Democrat would be with them or that she's polling away with the race. Right? Biden at this point in 2020 was nine points ahead of Trump. Now, according to that New York Times that at St. Paul Trumps up one, which is a statistical tie, but still he's up one and he was down nine this time, four years ago.


So this is bad news for her and good news for him. And he shouldn't be looking for a game changer this, this evening. She should, he should not under any circumstances, let her rattle him under any circumstances. He's pretty good about not letting that happen. Hillary Clinton gave an interview to the New York Times where she claimed she rattled him when she said he was Putin's puppet. We pulled the, so let's look at it. Look, wait, from everything I see has no respect for this person. Well that's because he'd rather have a puppet as president of the United States.


No puppet. And it's pretty clear you're the puppet. It's pretty clear you won't admit no, you are the puppet that the Russians have engaged in cyber attacks against the United States of America that you encouraged espionage against our people. That you are willing to spout the Putin line, sign up for his wishlist, break up nato, do whatever he wants to do, and that you continue to get help from him because he has a very clear favorite in this race. So I guess no puppet, no puppet. I don't think that was a Trump meltdown at all. As she's suggesting, I think that's Trump, the marketing and messaging master trying to get something into our heads.


If this soundbite gets played like it was a perfect phone call. No puppet, no puppet. That's Trump. I don't, I think she's just giving herself unnecessary points if she did so well in these debates, why did she lose? Why is, why aren't we calling her madam President? So, yeah, I don't, I think it's gonna be tough to really rattle him. I mean, as somebody who's asked Trump, not just that first question you guys know about, but many very hard debate questions I've sat across from him a few times now, including on a presidential debate stage. He is tough to rattle. He doesn't, he actually doesn't rattle easily. And so I think like Trump would do well to not let her do it, because that seems to be her whole game plan as reported by the New York Times, get under his skin, bring out his worst self, is what they're hoping is that they'll have a moment.


Like speaking of Hillary Clinton, the Rick Lazio versus Hillary Clinton debate when they were both running for senate in the state of New York to be a US senator. And he made a mistake of bringing a pledge over to her, asking her to sign it, and it looked bullying. Watch. And I'm, I'm happy to, to abide by anything that we all agree on, but let's get it done now. Let's not get any more wiggle room, Mr. Clinton. You wanna respond? Well, yes, I certainly do. You know, IIII admire that that was a wonderful performance and I why don't you sign it and you did it very well. Well, I'm ask you to admire it. I'm asking you to sign it. Well, I would be happy to when you give me the signed letters right here, right here, would you give me right Here?


Sign? Oh God. Well, we'll, we'll shake, we'll shake on this. No, I want you, You walked over because I think everybody wants To see Shook hand. You signing something that you said, it's Almost like she got closer. I'm for it. I haven't done it. You've been violating it. Why don't you stand up and do something, do something important for America while America is looking at New York. Why don't you show some leadership That was dumb, that was just a stupid thing to do. Rickio, I'm sure he knows that now Trump's not dumb and he won't do that. But he does have to factor in the female factor. He's done that up against Hillary. He did have the moment where he was kind of like walking behind her during the 16 debate, debate. Remember this? Look at this video.


She's talking, it's just video, it's not sound. And he kind, he kind of comes behind her. It does look a little odd, right? Because it's a town hall format. So he's kind of trying to stay in frame. I don't, I wouldn't recommend this, but it's not a town hall format, so he doesn't need to worry. My point is simply beware, be aware of the dynamic that one is a six foot four broad shoulder man, and one is a five foot two petite woman. So it doesn't behoove Trump to do anything, anything that could be perceived as threatening or bullying at all.


And worse yet, it would give her the chance to look like a tough gal, right? Like if she had, if Hillary had been smart, she would've done what George Bush did when Al Gora walked over and just looked at him quickly and, you know, shook his head, like acknowledged him because it diminished Gore. That's what she should have done. But you don't wanna give Kamala the chance to diminish you and to look like the big person on stage. And you're just like this little sort of wannabe pulling her pigtails that that's not a good move for Trump. There was a hidden danger with Obama and Hillary that Trump should pay attention to and be careful of because Trump does not respect Kamala Harris.


He doesn't like Kamala Harris and he doesn't think she's smart. He is not alone. But he can't show that exact dynamic on stage that his comments, you know, on true social and in these random interviews, they don't really get circulated to all the moderates in Wisconsin and Michigan. These women who are Republican voters who might be more leftist on abortion issues or maybe just don't like Trump's personality. And there's no reason to front this strain of your personality on the national debate stage. Here's what happened between Obama and Hillary in slot seven. My question to you is simply this, what can you say to the voters of New Hampshire on this stage tonight, who see a resume and like it, but are hesitating on the likeability issue where they seem to like Barack Obama more?


Well, that hurts my feelings. I'm sorry, Senator. I'm sorry. That was a good answer. He's Very likable. I I, I agree with that. I don't think I'm that bad. You're likable enough. Thank you. That was a douchey answer. I don't like Hillary Clinton. But that was a douche bag answer by Obama. And it was stupid. Stupid. You're likable enough. You wanna look magnanimous, you wanna look like somebody, people like we all know you hate each other's guts. This is a test of how will you perform in the national stage? And are you someone I want representing me and the United States?


He, he should have said she is likable. She is likable. This is, this isn't about how likable she is, it's about policies and we're different and mine are better. But if he had been smart, he would've defended her against that charge. That's the real move. I mean, it's possible that one of these a, b, c news anchors will say, Mr. Trump has called you unintelligent, stupid, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. They might pose that to her and she'll probably give 'em the old same old, tired routine. Next question, right? We saw her do do that during the C nnn debate. But if they then turn to him, he can say something to the, the effect of, look, she's called me names I that are not fit for broadcast television.


And so yes, in the heat of the campaign things, things can get spicy. But here's the real reason You shouldn't vote for Kamala Harris. She wants to open the border. She wants the same Joe Biden policies that got us 9% inflation that they're now celebrating is down to three. Yay. Tell it to the people who are still paying $1,200 a month more than they used to, whose gas prices have risen 50%, all that. Okay? So that's the way that should go down. But if anything, he should not insult her again personally. That, and what I said is true campaign stuff is campaign stuff. On the presidential debate stage, there's a higher standard and I think he should live up to it. Beware of Kamala Harris' verbal tics.


I think he won't interrupt her the way he did with Joe Biden during that first presidential debate between the two of them. Remember they only had two. You remember, you know that joke with the kids like knock knock, who's there interrupting cow, interrupting him Mo, right? That was Trump on debate number one against Joe Biden. Remember this Now are you gonna pack the bullet? Make sure you in fact let people know he doesn't. Senator, I'm not gonna answer the question because why we answer that question? Because the question is a lot. The question is Supreme report Justice Radical, the left? Will you shut, shut short. Listen, I think we, This this is so unprecedented. Pack the court. We have, we're not gonna give a list. We have ended this segment.


It was annoying. It was annoying and it was held against him. He did not do well in the polls shortly after that. And I think he learned his lesson. 'cause he, he, he behaved better at the second debate. Now here, as you know, by this point, is how she handled it in her debate with a very polite, though appropriately interruptive Mike Pence. I mean, it's a debate. So you're allowed here and there to say, I don't think so, or yo, that's not right. That's appropriate behavior, debate, behavior. But not to Kamala Harris, who wants you to know when she's speaking, Mr. Vice president? I'm speaking, I have to weigh, I'm speaking Mr. Vice President.


I'm speaking. Wait, I'm speaking. The Important is you said the truth, Mr. Vice President, I'm speaking. I'm speaking. Okay. Oh, If, you don't mind letting me finish. We can then have a conversation. Okay. Please. Okay. I'm trying to answer you now. American people deserve a straight answer. I will not sit here and be lectured by the vice president. I'm speaking. Oh my God. I'm about to, I will not be lectured by the vice president. Okay? Honestly, I I hope she does that. I I've revised my, my position. She should, he should bait her into saying that, that she looks so annoying.


She is. So I'm speaking, I'm speaking, we all know what a debate is supposed to look like. This is not our first rodeo. The American people have seen these time and time again, and we understand how it's supposed to work. Now, if she had done that against an interrupting cow version of Trump like we saw versus Joe Biden fine. But what Mike Pence was doing there, she was just annoying. That was effing annoying. So I'm kind of on the fence, like he, if that happens, he should embrace it. He probably has a one-liner in response, but it's just, that is annoying. The haughty, I'm speaking with the hair. I'm speaking. Here's another verbal tick. Not for nothing that Kamala Harris has.


I don't think she'd use it against Trump, but I've noticed her doing it over the review we've been doing of her town halls and so on back in 2019. And then when she became Joe Biden's running mate, listen to how she gets out of tricky questions that, you know, she knows the answer like she, she has a thought she wants to say, but even Kamala Harris realizes there's some things that are too controversial. So watch this. People who are in convicted in prison, like the Boston Marathon Bomber on death row, people who are convicted of sexual assault, they should be able to vote. I think we should have that conversation. Elizabeth Warren is here, as you know. She's is, she said that she supports student loan forgiveness for 42 million Americans.


Yeah. Do would you go that far? Do you support that? Well, I support anything that is about reducing the debt of student loans. And I think that's an important conversation to have. I am interested in having that conversation. And I'm open to this conversation about extending the number of people in the United States Supreme Court about increasing the number of people in the United States Supreme Court. Do you support financial reparations? I, I support that. We study that. We should study it and see, Given that policies passed now will affect the younger generation for years to come. Do you believe that Americans should have the right to vote at age 16? I'm really interested in having that conversation. I have to tell you that. Interesting. Right? I'm so interested in having that conversation. Really interested in having that conversation.


It's actually a very effective way to say yes, but I can't say it up here because I'm running for office and some of that stuff has been used against her already in campaign ads. But that's her placeholder for Yes, but I can't. And so Trump should pay attention to that and he should exploit it. He should be ready. His advisor should 100% be prepping him on. I think we should have a conversation. And he should say that means yes, that means yes, but she does, she doesn't have the stones to be honest with you about it. Like I will, I'll tell you everything I feel, I'll tell you exactly where I stand in the issues as I always have. You guys know, I'm, you know, my problem is, I i is not that I say too little, it's that I say too much. But you don't have to wonder what you're getting with me with her.


She's a chameleon. She'll say anything to get elected and you can't trust her. That's what he should be doing. Now, Trump has a, a gift and an advantage that she does not have. And if he can find any way of using it, he should. And that is his sense of humor. One of the most devastating debate lines in American history was in this particular moment, it was after he had been ripping on Jeb Bush for being low energy to the point where it just stuck low energy, Jeb low, you know, in the, in the Trump nickname way. And then they had another debate. And in so 19, here's what Trump did.


But I say this, I am not accepting any money from anybody. Nobody has control of me other than the people of this country. Kevin, I'm gonna do the right thing. You, You got, according to your, the, to what you said on one of the talk shows, you got Hillary Clinton to go to your wedding. That's 'cause you gave her money. That's maybe it works for Hillary Clinton. I was, excuse me, Jeff, It didn't work for anybody on this, on this state. Jeff. I was a businessman. I got along with Clinton, I got along with everybody. That was my job to get along with people. But the simple didnt. The simple is, excuse me one second. No, simple. I didn't the simple, Jeff, I cannot take more energy tonight. I like that. Look, I was asked. That was amazing. And that is the official moment at which Doug brunt started to look at Trump differently because my husband, it was just so good.


It was so funny. It was so quick and it was devastating to Jeb Bush, who is a good man, but did not win that race or even come close. He just took him out. Trump took him out. And if he has an opportunity like that with her, especially on the chameleon or the comrade, he should use it. Trump's got this ability. She doesn't, it's advantage Trump. Alright, last but not least, here is my coffee list of the questions I would ask Trump. And I don't know what he should be prepared for. At least in part, th this is not my, they're not properly formulated into debate language. These is, this is actually how I start my debate questions. I, I write down my thought on how I might ask it, and then I research it and I bolster it and I fact check all of it and make sure it's good.


But anyway, here's, here's where I'd go to Mr. Trump. Joe Biden had a border bill endorsed by the border patrol and several conservative lawmakers. And it was killed allegedly according to leadership because you did not want to give Biden a victory in an election year. Isn't this an example of what Kamala Harris claims is your focus on what's good for you, not the us He's gonna have to answer for that border bill. That's her number one. And really only answer other than I was John Wayne bound at the border when I was Attorney general, and I didn't let anybody cross them. They're a borderer. No, that's what she wants us to believe now. And she's like, I prosecuted all of the No, the drug cartels. Yes, if they violated California's murder laws, you prosecuted them.


But not for crossing the border illegally. Her only real argument on the border is that border bill that was killed. It was Mitch McConnell who said they did it because Trump didn't want a victory for the other team in an election year. If, you look at the bill, it's a mess and it gives Joe Biden or the president the ability to remove all the reforms with a stroke of his pen. But no one's telling you that on the Republican side because they haven't figured out how to short form why they didn't like it. Donald Trump, you need a short form on why they didn't like it and what it actually did, because you will get hit on that, if not by the moderators, then by her. And that's a good debate question.


Here's another one, Mr. Trump, you think a six week ban on abortion is too short a time for any woman seeking this procedure? He said that just last week. Most Americans agree with you on this point. Why shouldn't voters elect a president who will work to ensure that it's longer, right? Like, hey, we're all together. Six weeks is too short. Why shouldn't they pick her? She's gonna make sure we have six weeks and then, and then some. And that's basically your, you know, your typical abortion answer. That's one where I don't think he's gonna get into the nitty gritty of six weeks at least he probably shouldn't. And he should go back to state by state. I was speaking to what I would vote for in my particular state, but this is a, you know, we, we live in a federalist country. There should be a question about Medicare and social security because they're a hot mess and everybody's too chicken shit to tell us that they're gonna have to do something to it.


He and she both, but I maybe something like Medicare and social security are facing bankruptcy in as little as 10 years. You say you won't touch them, which is a good political message, but totally ignores the problem. How will you address the catastrophic shortfalls they will face if nothing is done? I don't know what he is gonna say. We're gonna generate so much, you know, income in GDP thanks to my policies that this won't be an, I don't, it'd be interesting to hear Mr. Trump, you've proposed a 10% tariff on trade, potentially even across the board. You said tariffs lead to increased taxes because the foreign country will pass the increased cost along to the consumers and or will impose their own tariffs on goods they on our goods, which American farmers and manufacturers must then pay.


How are Americans supposed to handle that kind of increased cost for families that are already struggling? His tariff proposal is very controversial. This, the GOP of 20 years ago would never have dreamed of this. They were fair trade, free trade. This is more fair trade. It's been one of Trump's key economic proposals. I think he'll defend it. I think it's one of the things he really does believe. And let's not forget he should go to China because he did impose some terrorists on China. Everyone said the world will collapse so much so that Joe Biden has kept them all in place. So that, that's where I would go. But you might get asked, this is more of an MK question be because I, I like to go to the police that hurts and I don't care if it doesn't make people like me as you know, but I don't see David Muir doing this in any event, here's, here it goes.


Mr. Trump voters do not much like you. Your approval number numbers have been and remain historically. Low Americans are worried you will govern Based on personal grievance. What assurances can you give them that you will not use the presidency as a score settling vehicle? I'd love to hear what he's gonna say. Wouldn't you like to hear answers to these questions? And this is just what I would do to Trump. Can you imagine if I could ask my questions to Kamala Harris that I'll give you that list on another day. I just did Trump this morning. Okay, here's another one. This one's probably coming. Mr. Trump, virtually none of your cabinet, only four out of the 44 members is voting for you.


Mike Pence won't even endorse you. You're vice president. Why shouldn't voters follow the lead of those who have actually worked with you as president and are in the position to know you best professionally? That's a good question. She just released an ad on that today. 91% of his cabinet is against him. Fair question. Good question. Tough question. Let's hear what Trump says. I can't say they're all losers because he hired them. I think he's gonna go with first time in the swamp. I was advised by swamp monsters and rhinos and this time I'll know better. We'll see. Okay, I would love this one. I actually think this one should be asked.


I would 100% ask this. I would say, Mr. Trump, after all the denials, the lawsuits January 6th, the impeachment, your refusal to go to Mr. Biden's inauguration and more, you recently quietly on a podcast, admitted that you did lose the 2020 election quote by a whisker. Will you now admit before this audience that you lost and that your earlier claims to the contrary were wrong? That's a great question. I love my question. They should ask that question because Trump did say that the other day and we saw some on the far right lose their minds saying kind of what I said there.


Like, well, what was it all for? What was all this? The things I just went through was, it was all for If. you admit you lost. There are many Republicans who will not admit that to this day. And I like the way it would box Trump in to where like, he either have to say, yes, I lost. He's not gonna say yes, I, and I admit it all now, but, or it or sort of puts him in the po in the position of having to revive the stolen election claims, which the moderate voters and the swing states don't like. So as a questioner, I like it. I like it when it puts them in tricky spots that are hard to get out of. Why? Because I'm there to serve you and to raise all their bullshit and then let them deal with it.


And then you get to see how they deal with it. But of course, unlike the moderators tonight, I would be doing that to both sides. And I would have very tricky, tough, difficult questions for her too. My prediction is the toughest questions will come for Trump. If they ask tough questions at all, they might go the CNN route. The CNN route in June was we've been told by our bosses to try to win back moderate voters. We are just going to say, what will you do about social security? What will you do about the border? What will you do about inflation? Those are the questions in June, it was a relatively risk-free approach. It actually wound up being a hugely consequential debate because Joe Biden couldn't even answer those.


And everybody knows what happened with him. But I'm gonna guess that's kind of how tonight's debate will sound on a, b, C. Very generic short, short, sweeping questions on the issues as opposed to specific tight, provocative questions because they're going to be very worried about negative feedback, given that this is probably the one and only presidential debate between these two. All right, that's it. Don't forget, we're gonna be bringing on Kellie j Keen in just a minute to talk about all things in the trans insanity. But before we go to break, I wanna remind you tonight, 10 45, as soon as the debate is over, we will be live on youtube.com/ Megyn Kelly.


And right here on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 on Sirius Live with Rich Lowry, Emily Jasinski, Eric Bowling, mark Halburn, and more to give you immediate feedback on how things went. So look forward to seeing you then.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling, you can impact your family, friends, and community. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU u's online. On campus. And hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of December, 2023, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University private Christian affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the O's. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book, born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome back to the Megyn Kelly Show and today's show from SiriusXM in Los Angeles. I am so glad to bring you my next guest. This is the first time we've met in person and we have a lot to get to. Will Ferrell has a new documentary coming out about his old SNL Writer Friend. Sounds kind of interesting, right? Two old pals talking about the life in the comedy world. Well, no, this is about his old male friend quote, becoming a woman, which is not possible to do this while prisons continue to accommodate for quote trans inmates, putting them in with women, even guys who have raped women, children, they're welcome. It goes on and on. So there's a lot to talk about.


And we have an actual adult human female here to do it. Kellie j Keen is with us, AKA, the Parker Posey Parker on X. She's a global women's rights advocate who founded the Let Women Speak Movement and now is the founder of The Political Party, party of Women. And she joins me now. I'm so happy to have you here in person. Well, thank you so much for having me. I'm delighted. So What are you doing in la Well, we're talking to different women who are thinking about helping us set up Party of Women in the USA, What is Party of Women. So it's a political party trying to establish some really firm foundations for women's rights globally.


And it's because of the uk like the us we are just locked in this really boring two party system where nobody's really getting the, the voice that they deserve. How Are we gonna win elections if it's just women? We, we need men. Well, It's, it's, I sort of feel like what's happening now is happening to women and it's a, it's a, the canary in the coal mine, it's not the only thing, but I feel that If, you can unor a society by saying that women have penises and children can be born in the wrong body. I think all bets are off. And so it's just about establishing that reality. And I think If, you look across the world, there are many ways to take rights away from society and access children and, and women seem to be the first, the first sort of group to fall.


And it's, you know, it's a world over. So I think, I think it's needed. It's smart. It's smart, right? Because If, you can amass political power then they'll have to listen. Yes. Right now it's too dispersed. And actually, there was an interesting thing recently where we should talk about this, but the, the, the male, the blind or vision impaired runner who decided to run in the Paralympics against the women, and it was totally outrageous. This guy went through male puberty and the whole bit, but then you had people weighing in saying, that's not fair. JK Rowling, Martina weighs in and she's, she's so annoying. I'm sorry, Kellie. JI like she's says she's starting to say the right things on the trans issue, but she's been all over the board because originally she came out saying the right things like men shouldn't be allowed to participate.


Then she got all this blow back and she tried to moderate her position. Yeah. Then she came back to sanity and said, no, I was right the first time. Now she's out there saying, this is wrong. Oh, but by the way, don't blame Democrats. This isn't about the Democrats. Well, who is it about? Because the Republicans, at least in today's day and age, the conservatives are no longer voting for this nonsense and have been very outspoken against it. Yeah. But she's gotta protect her left flank. Yes. I've, I've had quite a few episodes with Martina. Same. Well I think I do think she suffers from Trump derangement syndrome, unfortunately, which then sort of blights other things that she says, and I just wish, well, I don't understand, Meghan, is once you see this issue for what it is, how can you not open your eyes about other things?


And even If, you end up thinking I'm still right, I'm still right about those other things and those beliefs that I've always had, at least you have a moment where you examine them. I, I don't think she has, I don't get it. I I am still at the place where, and I understand people have got issues, they have to pay their bills, they have to get their kids in school and all this stuff, but I feel like setting my hair on fire and saying they're mutilating healthy children, they're sterilizing. What, how is not everyone uniting to stop this for me? There's no other issue that is this important. I totally agree. I just, you know, I, I keep saying to women in, in the uk, and we don't, we don't surgically alter children in the uk but I sort of say to 'em like, how bad does it need to get?


Like what do you need? What needs to happen in your life? Or what do you need to, to, to bear witness to that? That means that you'll actually act. Because like you said, in this country, they literally are mutilating children. And I've, I've been told about my language before, you shouldn't really say that because it makes people, I'm like, look, I, this is not about making people who've had it done to them feel worse. This is about raising the alarm to parents saying, for goodness sake, this is what's, this is the danger. This is what happens when you send your kids to school in certain schools, in certain areas in the United States, they're being fed these lies. And then eventually what happens is radical hysterectomies, children with severe mental health issues and then physiological damage that's totally irreparable.


It, it makes no Sense. You know what's crazy is YouTube will, will get in trouble with YouTube for saying mutilate. And so we generally play within the, you know, bounds of YouTube's acceptable parameters because we want our message to get out as to as many people as possible. So I will let this air on SiriusXM and everywhere else as was, and I'll now retape the following line for YouTube. They're cutting off the body parts of healthy children. They're chopping off penises and breasts and, and cutting up vaginas. There we go. That I guess YouTube likes that better. So there you go. YouTube. Now we can err on YouTube as well. It's crazy, the the, the language policing. But back to the point, people are like, ah, that I, it's amazing to me in my country and yours, they're still like, eh, well, Yeah, I dunno.


Well, I think there's, there's still this deeply held belief that if doctors are doing it, then it must be okay because doctors wouldn't do that. And but then those same people, who's that cell out? John Stewart, he did that whole thing about the opioid epidemic and how drug companies were lying to people and being dishonest and knowing that it was gonna cause untold harm. And yet he still talks about altering children's bodies under the guise of transgenderism. And I just, I just, I guess I didn't know there were so many liars. That's what I didn't know.


It's so easy to ignore when you don't, you don't bother to look like up close and personal. Yeah. And, and listen to somebody like Chloe Cole talk about what this system has done to her and how it's ruined so much of her life. And just pretend you're the good guy because you're, you're the tolerant one. I mean, tell it to the women who had to compete against this man in, in the Paralympics Right. Who already have a disability to deal with. Yeah. They don't need yet another challenge. Like, oh, there's a man who went through male puberty running against us and yet that was allowed because inclusion and the IOC Yeah. And their crazy rules, you and I haven't even had a chance to talk about the, the, the boxer at the Olympics. Well I realize it's not transgender, but is 100% DSD.


Yeah. And he was allowed to punch women over and over in the face. And one, well, I I think it's these, it's those instances that are more dangerous. I mean, the, the Italian guy, I mean, is it ironic that he's, he claims to have, he's partially sighted and then we're all supposed to be a little bit blind to the fact that he's a man. It feels like there's too many jokes to that Paralympic runner, right? Yeah. So you, you've got that and, and then you've got the DSDs. And really, if we just stuck to the truth that men and men and women and women and sometimes men have have sexual reproductive issues or DSDs and that means that they, that they're not the same as other men.


If we could just be honest that they're still men, then I think we'd just be in a, a better place all round. But it's these difficult cases that then mean we totally turn everything upside down and, and end up with just men competing as women. Yes, I know it. It happens time and time again and everywhere you go you get lectured on tolerance and inclusion and so on. But I know even here at SiriusXM, I I, my assistant told me, you remarked on it, and I remarked on it too publicly, that there's a gender, like a gender neutral bathroom. Yeah. Yeah. And but you, when you come out of the gender neutral like toilet, you wash your hands with anybody who's in there. Yeah. I don't wanna do that.


No. And you, you are one of the people who opened my eyes to the purpose of sex divided bathrooms to begin with. There's a very good reason why we created them. Yeah. Ab, absolutely. Look, I, I stood for election recently and I went into a school in Bristol, which is quite a big city, and it's a state school and it's for 11 to 18 year olds. And the toilets weren't just unisex, but they were open. So If, you went to the loo in one of the stalls. It's not beyond reason to think that somebody sat outside the headmaster's office could hear you go to the toilet, and then you could come out as an 11-year-old girl and you could be in unison and walk to the sinks with an 18-year-old man.


And I just, I just think has, have all the people in the school forgotten what it feels like to go to the bathroom. Like even as a girl in a girl's only toilet, there was certain things that I might have to go and do in that toilet that I would gently, carefully unwrap any wrapper. And I wouldn't want anyone to hear it. And it'd be totally embarrassing. And now we're expecting girls to, to just put up with having no privacy or dignity whatsoever. And what we know in the UK is girls and now not going to the toilet all day long and getting urinary tract infections because they are so embarrassed by the fact that there, there are boys right next door. I, I believe it.


I I remember when I was that age, I didn't want my boyfriend to know I even ate. I didn't, you know, nevermind, share a bathroom stall with him and share myself in that way. I mean, you know, we have right now a presidential candidate running who's running mate, has done more than any politician elected, at least on the national level, to try to bring all of this insanity into the law and into schools. And that's Governor Tim Walls. And now that he's caught, he's trying to say, oh, I didn't do any of that. Oh, not him directly. 'cause he doesn't give interviews. But his surrogates of course, trying to say like, oh, well, when we mandated tampons be in all, all the bathrooms in all the schools, including boys' bathrooms, it shouldn't count against us because we only put them there if there's not a gender neutral bathroom.


And while we did mandate that courts can take custody of children from other states who have parents who won't affirm them Mm. And give them, quote, gender affirming care, you know, it's very, it's very rare and it's really just compassionate. Thi this stuff is truly radical. Kellie. Yeah. Oh yeah. I mean, I, who's a, there's a chap in California when I was here a couple of years ago, and he's the one that's allowing men into women's prisons and making Gavin new. Yeah, I Think the governor of the governor of California? No, the One with the really little glasses who's very tall. Oh, Is his name Scott? Yes. Oh, what's his name?


My team. Look, look at it. Me Wier. He's, he's Aply named. Oh, Wiener. He's the worst. Oh, he's disgusting. Yeah. And I followed him down the street and I was sort of saying, you know, why, why are you putting men in women's prisons? And I think he's, there isn't ca California Sanctuary State PE kids can come here, like parents who, where the states are saying no, they can bring them here. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. No, it's far, it's far left on the trans thing, but no farther left than Minnesota, which is more in the heartland and is shockingly left on these policies thanks to its leftist governor who's now running to be our next vice president and won't own it. You know, it's like, that's what's crazy. At least Scott Wiener will own it. Yeah. He'll go out there and say, this is what I believe and I'm gonna push it.


And, you know, I realize I have no daughters, but Screw you. Yeah. Screw you and your daughter. This guy waltz comes across as like he's avuncular and he's such a folksy down home Midwestern guy who just wants the permission to chop your son's penis off. I mean, I guess there's, there's gotta be money, right? There's gotta be money and power. 'cause nothing else makes sense. Unless these people are genuinely evil, which I, I think money and power has the, the capability of bringing that in. But to, to do it, like you say, to do it in like a we Yeah. Sh let's catch Like your kids. Yeah. Right. That's what they're talking about. It's incredible. So now mainstreamed is Will Ferrell, and I'm so sad about this because who doesn't love Will Ferrell?


He's a comedian. He's spent his whole life trying to make us laugh and he's very good at it. Yeah. And so now on Netflix, no less, I mean, there's very popular platform that all of our kids have access to most of our kids. So he's releasing a movie of himself and his life long, or at least 20 plus years. Best friend whose name is Andrew, but now he's going by Harper because he's, quote, transitioned to female again. That's impossible. It's not a thing. And here's a little sought from the movie trailer. Let's watch it. Hi there. I'm Will Ferrell, one of the greatest actors in the world a long time ago.


Back when I was at Saturday Night Live, I met a guide, was hired as a writer the same week I was hired. He wrote a bunch of sketches for me and eventually became the head writer of SNL. And over the years, he became one of my closest friends. And then one day I got this email, Hey, will something I need you to know, I'll be transitioning to live as a woman. One, I don't doubt that Will is my friend, but I'm not Andrew Steel anymore. Oh my, oh dear. It was just, Whoa. That is a whoa. And so now this is gonna be all over Amazon and celebrated as they do among other things, go to this man's high school and sit down with a bunch of young teenagers and talk about, you know, his alleged transition and how wonderful it is, including their gender affirming healthcare and so on.


I, I don't know what they're gonna discuss, but is this appropriate for Netflix? Is it appro? Possibly. I think it might. I I I think it actually might do more damage to the cause to be quite honest, Meghan, I, I, I think Will Ferrell's really good at prestige. So maybe this is just an extension of that. And I wonder if he's done something very wrong in the eyes of the, so-called trans community and this is his punishment. Oh yeah. I just, I just wonder if he said something off color and then they've said, you hate us. We're gonna, that often happens, doesn't it? When some celebrity comes out because he's been very silent on this issue.


And it's very funny, like, if I were a comedian, this would be the main topic of nearly everything I discussed because it's preposterous and it's, it's so nuts that I think it's almost difficult to joke about. I've tried to do jokes before about and prestige sort of pieces about what would I, if I were a mother of a kid and I was trying to transition them. And nothing you say can be too far, because there are women that have already said it. There's, there's people who've already done it, who've talked about having a, a three-year-old who's trans. So I, I, I just, I wonder if Will, if Will is in trouble somehow, but this man, what won't be discussed is how his wife felt about it, how his children felt about it, the coercive control that often goes along with it and all the really dangerous stuff.


But hopefully this will show up. This will show it up for what it is, which is a, a really pernicious self indulged, self-indulgent ideology. Inadvertently show you mean? Yeah. So here's a writeup from gq, this Andrew, who now goes by Harper. It was, is 63, said he was trans as of 2022 at age 61. And GQ writes that though Steele, that's his last name, had known her. It's so confusing. Thank God you open my eyes on the trans on the pronouns. I can't even do it now. I'm, I'm in fact, I meant to mention to my team, when you cut and paste these articles, please put the right pronoun in there because I can't, my brain can't even process it anymore.


No. Though Steele, this man Steele, Andrew Steele had known her transition was a long time coming. It was frequently interrupted by therapists uninterested in guiding her to embrace that kind of change. She says it leads feral to ask about breast surgery and whether she has struggled with body dysmorphia. Every time I've done something for myself, it's been guns blazing, says steal another day. She remembers the depressive thoughts that made her scared to keep a gun in the house. After her transition though, all I wanted to do was live. She says, you know what's so bad about this is they're not, they're not going to trans or to discuss and out all of the trans kids.


So-called, who only had body dysmorphia or parents going through a divorce Yeah. Or who just didn't enjoy puberty, who got swept into this cult Yeah. And wound up suicidal or almost suicidal and, and certainly did not feel, all I want to do is live after they had their body parts cut off. It's just so revisionist, isn't it? Because most of these men claim once they, once they've watched enough of persuasive content, should we call it, once they've watched enough of that and they decide that they see themselves as a woman, which I don't even believe it. All this language that they use, I don't believe that any man looks in the mirror when he, when he grows his hair or puts on a wig and genuinely sees a woman.


I think what he's really doing is he wants you to pretend you see a woman, but I don't think he thinks for a minute that you think you see a woman. And I don't think that he thinks he sees a woman. And so it's all manipulation and sort of coercive control of everybody around him. And so I, I just think all of the language around it is, is just bogus. And it's all meant us meant for us to play the game. And they know that that's what the purpose is. So I don't think he, this idea about, I lived, he's, how can I put it politely? He's arose by the fact that he's convincing people to pretend they see something that they don't aroused By it.


I think so. Oh, Well, I mean, there's, there's an overwhelming odds. There are overwhelming odds that that's true. That he's an auto God file who gets off on dressing like a woman. Yeah. And this, so often this does start with, oh, I'm just a cross dresser. You know, I just occasionally like to put on women's clothes and then, you know, within a year it's, I'm getting the surgery, I'm taking all the hormones. All these women who married these guys not knowing this wind up devastated the children. Yeah. Totally devastated. Yeah. We're gonna talk about a case like that that's in the news right now. But something you said reminded me of a new term that's come out trans misogyny.


Yeah. So that you and I would be considered trans misogynists Yes. For not accepting that Andrew is Harper and a woman. Yeah. Look, I'm happy I'll go with uber trans misogynist if it means I can just speak the truth. I just don't, I just, I uber, I I just don't care anymore. I just think fine. Okay. I am a, like, it's a made up word. It makes absolutely no sense. It's a way to silence women. And we are, we are both the most likely to go along with it with this kind of insincere empathy. 'cause I don't believe that women are really sort of have empathy for these men either. I think it's, I think women are supposed to be cut Being Exploited. Yeah. I think we're supposed to be seen to be kind and seen to be empathic, but I don't think we really are.


I just think that women think that they have to be seen to be doing it. So yeah. I've had a, a few epiphanies over the last year of, actually no, women aren't kind, we just have to be seen to be kind. But yeah, when it comes to trans misogyny, like what a, it's just a big joke. Fine. Let them, let them call us trans misogynist. Yeah. Great. You're still men, Right? You can't be, yeah. It's not a, that is not a thing. No. Why is it so many white liberal rich women pushing this nonsense on us? Well, like, I, I think it's not kindness. It's really not kindness, but like If, you truly were, had empathy for other humans.


You wouldn't choose the 60-year-old bloke in address over a 13-year-old girl having privacy and dignity in a toilet. But you would, if it paid off, you would pretend that you have more empathy for that man if it gave you some sort of payoff. And the payoff is that people then think that you are a kind person, whereas you are not a kind person. And I think we need to sort of teach our daughters that. Actually you can be honest. You don't, you, you, you don't really gain anything. You certainly don't gain any integrity or self-worth by pretending that you are, you see something or you believe in something that you really don't. And actually If, you just stand firm on what you believe eventually that will give you more self-respect.


And that will also give you more respect from other people. So I think these, these white, rich women, I think that's, that's all about, look how lovely I am. It's sort of, it's our currency that we, that's our currency to get by. And it's a, it's an easy trick. It's a bit like the reverse of manners. Like I always say to my children, you can be awful people, but If you say please and thank you. People don't know for a really long time. And I think it's a little bit like that. So you can be a terrible woman, but If you pretend that you just head tilt feels so, so much compassion for these poor men who just have always known they were women. Then you, there's some payoff.


Yeah. I wanna ask you about a friend of mine whose daughter is in her mid-twenties, who recently spent some time living and working in San Francisco, then came back to the East coast and the mom and daughter were having a debate about men using the women's locker rooms at the gyms out there and so on. And the daughter had come to the belief that all, you know, they get bullied and it's sad. And the mother was saying, think of how uncomfortable they are making the women feel. And the daughter was saying, think of how uncomfortable they feel. You know, it's so unfortunate for them that they deserve our empathy in these situations.


And I said, oh my God, this is the case for Kellie J Ke She's, She's, she could talk, she could talk to this girl and, and let her see what's really happening there. What, what would you say to that young woman? Well, first of all, if she wants evidence, I would say there's no evidence whatsoever that men bully other men in men only spaces. There, there just is no, there's, there's no evidence for that whatsoever. Now we know that boys do bully other boys for a variety of reasons, but one of them isn't because they're dressing like females. And I think it comes down to the truth. And I don't really care whether they're uncomfortable. Yeah. You know, it's not my problem.


I like this part. I don't, I I just, I just don't care. I just think at, you know, I look at my, I I, my daughter's very quiet. She's very opposite to me. And I know that she wouldn't necessarily speak up if somebody was making her feel uncomfortable in her spec. I would, I would definitely speak up. I'd probably get myself in a lot of trouble. But I, I'm very much, you know, I'm 50 years old. I'm very much like, no, no, we're not having it. No, you just won't be doing that. I'm a I'm a little girl who grew up in the, in the time of Thatcher. So we had good grounding, I think. But I just think you have to, you have to keep giving examples, real examples. 'cause these things are often academic.


Oh. But think how they feel. And then I think you just have to say, okay, there's two people that are gonna go in the toilets or in the changing room. One is a 50-year-old man who genuinely believes he's a woman, which I don't think they do. But let's say we genuinely heartbroken, can't go into the men's. And there's a, there's a 15-year-old girl who feels very shy and would feel very frightened. Who do you care about the most? Who gets to use that space? And often people won't answer because they know that if they answer the 15-year-old girl, they've totally betrayed their very fragile belief system. That, that man is important and deserves to be in that space. And so I think you've just gotta very calmly just keep saying, you know, I agree, pretend you agree with everything, but just keep returning to, but you know who uses that space.


I'm Megyn Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kellie show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly Megyn Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises? Or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team. Be hype. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


This problem must come down eventually to one person seeding ground to the other. I mean, there's no way you can both protect So-called Trans rights and women's rights. No, you just can't. No. So at some point you are gonna have to establish a hierarchy of what you care about most. Yes. And the protection of women has been an age old care for our country, for our world in most places, most civilized places, to the point where it's been written into law. Yeah. Only now have we decided to pretend that's not a thing. Like with our Title IX revisions, trying to stuff men into the definition of women. Yeah. And those protections. And it's, it's caused massive problems already. Although right now on Title IX here in the United States, we've had great rulings.


The courts so far have said you're not doing that in all the states that have brought the challenge. And at the moment we're winning that battle that the last bastion of reason Yeah. Has been the, the courts who say no, there is a way of knowing what a woman is. Yeah. Thank goodness. Thank goodness for those courts. Because your political leaders are insane. Yeah, yeah. And getting more so Yeah. By the day. Just So it's, it's weird to watch from across from across the pond. I mean, we're all, we're already mad. I've been interviewed numerous times by the police for calling men. Men. Oh, come on. Mm. Well I know. 'cause UK's crazy about that. Yeah, they're crazy. Yeah. 2018 I was interviewed for What do you, what do you say?


Because it's true. Well, you don't say anything in the, in the interview because the police will try and catch you out. So you take a lawyer and you have to say no comment. And it's under caution. And they say it's a voluntary interview, but If, you don't come. They'll come and arrest you and you can't leave the country. Or they'll c they'll arrest you at the border. So I went in, that was one. I had the police at my house because I was get ready untoward about what I would call a pedophile. Untoward about pedophiles. What? They came, they came To my house. They were, they were there to protect the pedophiles. And what's said about them, They said, and I said, well I think you know all the people you can be untoward about. I think that is a group that you can be untoward.


And he just said, I'm not here to argue. I mean, I think he misspoke. But yeah, I've, I've, I also said that a girl really called herself trans because she was homophobic and she didn't wanna be a lesbian. And I was interviewed under caution about that. I mean, they came from the opposite end of the country and spent the night in a hotel. What? To interview me. Mm. It's crazy. So You've managed to avoid arrest because you get a lawyer and you are represented when you have these interviews. But this is just because of public statements you've made or statements on the internet. Yeah. One of them was because I made a sarcastic comment that a woman who ran a charity that promotes the transitioning children, I said that she was the children's champion.


I held up a photo and in the police interview they were like, do you have lots of photos of this woman around your house? Wow. It's just, I mean, it's not Like you're some creepy stalker. Yeah. And look what will happen with a lot of women who don't know their rights and I know that, I know my rights is they would accept a caution. So then you would have you end, end up with a criminal record or police would tell you to, to plea guilty. Which is what they've done to all the people recently been arrested in the protests and some rioting that went on. And they've, Not about the women issue, but about the immigration Issue, not about issue. No. But But it is still about words. Yeah. Same thing. Often it's about words. And so we could be in a situation and we have been in a situation where If you, so-called misgender someone you could end up in prison.


Like we really are There. So do you know now here, over here that's been written into Title ix Right. That that's now gonna be considered if, if it gets rolling harassment not to choose not to use the right quote pronouns. The right, yes. Right. That that's, that would be their view. And that now there's an EEOC rule mandating that employers do it. This will be struck down as unconstitutional here in America. You cannot compel speech of the the people. Yeah. It is unconstitutional to make me call a man a woman. I won't do it. I dare anybody to arrest me or sue. It's, it's not gonna happen. You, your law will be struck down as unconstitutional. Especially with this Supreme court, which is gonna be on my side. But things are very different. Like we're starting to get crazy when it comes to free speech.


But we're crazier than you guys are on the actual procedures we're doing to the children. Yes, yes. You got, why is it that that, that England in particular has seen the light faster than we have when it comes to, as you say, there's no surgical procedures for the minors. Yeah. And now they've said we're not doing the, the, the medicine, the puberty blockers into the cross-sex hormones. And we still prescribe that stuff like it's candy. I think it comes down to money. And there's so much money in your health system. And then insurers don't, I, I've never really understood why insurance companies are paying, but I guess it's cheaper for them to pay for the surgery than be sued by not paying for the surgery. I dunno whether there's some sort of deal that the medical companies do.


But we have a single payer. We have like the NHS and these procedures are very expensive and they're experimental. I mean, I I I won't go into too much gory detail, But. it was a American girl who had what they euphemistically called bottom surgery, which basically means she had a piece of a flesh fashioned into a penis. You basically lose your forearm. It's, it gets cut down to the bone. Yeah. And then they end up with necrosis. 'cause then they skin graft from the thigh. Oh. Onto the forearm. And they do that because the thighs too hairy to actually fashion into a penis, which is why they do these sort of multiple surgeries. But she had 31 corrective surgeries.


And one of them was to prevent her from urinating from an orifice that you wouldn't normally urinate from. That's it. That's as polite as I can make it. But yeah, there's, there's, there's so much money in it and we don't have as much money to spend on each person in the uk. And we had a woman called Sue Evans, who back in 2004, she raised the alarm about even allowing children to go on puberty blockers. So we've had some really quite outstanding medics that haven't been silenced. It took them a long time to, to actually make it into national news. And I'm really proud to say that I was part of that because we did a first do no harm.


We did a talk at the House of Lords back in 2019 where we had medics talking about the harm to children. So I think that's why. But I'm, I'm really looking forward to the, the massive lawsuits. Yeah, Me too. Me Too. People get nice. There's A great Texas law firm here in the United States, which is starting them. Yeah. And they're formed for this very purpose. So that's great because that's one thing we do listen to here is lawyers. Yeah. God bless them. I mean, depends on the situation. 'cause they can be a force for evil. But in this particular, yeah, it's very good. Now can you tell me, what did you think of in, in the uk There was this big report called the CAS Report. Yes. And this woman came out after doing this comprehensive study of these so-called Gender Affirming Care Procedures for minors.


And really said that there's just no proof that any of these is doing any good for children. And I felt like probably people like you. And I felt like she didn't go far enough. Yes. But it definitely was pretty earth shattering for the proponents of this stuff. Yeah. So where do you stand on the cast report and what kind of a difference does that make made? Well, I I certainly think that people refer to it a lot. So it's, it was a, we were in a better situation the day it was published and that we were the day before. But like you said, she didn't go far enough. And she did use some of the language, which I felt was really unnecessary. And she should have had a little bit more courage. And I'm, I'm a bit tired of these slow process of academic and kind of review.


We know it's not, we know it's bogus. I think it would've been for me, I'd rather see the evidence to say why it was ever done in the first place. Because there's, there's no, there's nothing good about any of it. I mean, it, you don't have to be a medic to understand that blocking puberty, which is the most significant developmental thing we do, including being born, you know, a a human being. You change more in that sort of puberty than you do from nought to three. And to think that you could do anything to stop it that isn't absolutely properly physiologically lifesaving. Like, you know, if a a child gets cancer, then you might disrupt their puberty.


But aside from that, I dunno how it was ever done. It just, it feels so odd. And perhaps I'm totally naive about the way medicine works, but I thought normally you would have to prove again and again and again that something was good before you could actually do it to kids especially So not the case. Yeah. But you know, the CAS report is good because I think it does, it does give people a point of reference. But like you, I don't think it went far enough. And How about the outcome of tickle v Giggle a case we've discussed on the show before with our Ozzy friend, who unfortunately wound up getting a ruling and defending her all female website for apartment rentals and so on.


And a trans person tried to infiltrate and she said no, she got sued. She lost. And now we have a, a legal declaration that what is a woman? It's fuzzy. You can, you can switch. Yeah. They, they've switched a lot. I mean, I think we knew that already in Australia. I think this case just sort of proved it. Yeah. But I think, I think they knew they were gonna lose. And I, I think the app had accepted others besides women as women on the app. And then I, I don't quite know the ins and outs of it. But. it was, it was most egregious. And I hope that the publicity of that particular case, especially given the way the man looks, I hope that it's, it's meant, it's created a lot of conversations so that actually what's happening in Australia, all you need to do is talk about it.


And maybe people, more people are talking about it. Okay. So that's, that brings me back to practical advice. Yes. All you need to do is talk about it. Yeah. So you know, there's gonna be, even on this show, 'cause now you know, I cover this issue a lot. Now there are gonna be a lot of people, male and female, wondering how exactly do I do that Kellie? Like how do I do that? When I hear that my school has a, now they call it all belonging. They've gotten rid of DEI because they know it's controversial and unpopular. So now they say, under the auspices of belonging, we're gonna discuss race, essentialism and trans ideology and explain to you how a man can become a woman. A boy can become a girl. They may come into your spaces, they may come under your sports.


And If, you are an IUs tolerant person. That's our policy at this school. Then you will not object. So what, forget the kids for now, what, what do the mom and the dad who wanna be tolerant, who may even be on the left, but agree with us, right. In principle, what do they do? Well, I think you talk to your children about things before, before school does. Number one. You have a totally different system in the US where you have school board meetings. So I think you have to go to every single one. And especially dads, and I hate to say this as a woman, but apparently we have voices as women have voices that sometimes people don't hear. It sounds like a squeaky high-pitched unserious thing.


And I do tell dads in the uk, you go and talk to the school, you go and ask about their policies. And we have a right now in the UK to see everything's being taught to our children when it comes to the us Your school system's so troublesome and the unions are very strong. And it feels like you've got sort of 50% activists and 50% silent cowards in the school system. But I guess you just have to go every single parent If, you care about this at all. It's no good just whining with each other at home or talking, just talking to your children. I think you have to be visible again and again and again.


And you have to know that this is serious. Because if, say you, you were sending your kid to school and they were teaching white Genucel, white, white supremacist ideology, and your child was coming home as a racist, then you would, you would move heaven and earth to go and either take your kid outta school or do whatever it is. Well, this is the same. This is teaching your children big fat lies and also trying to segregate your children from you, which I think is more pernicious and poisonous than even the ideologies they're being taught. They're being taught that their family is not the most important kind of unit that they belong to.


And I think often teachers are giving the impression, certainly on social media, that they think they know better about children than us parents. And so I I do think you have to just keep those bonds. Don't lose your kids upstairs to Right. The internet. That's right. Family meals have to be at a table all together and do things as frequently as possible as a family because it, it doesn't take very long for your child just to lose themselves online. And there are people called egg catchers, which are people with transgender ideology who go fishing for kids. And so just be mindful like discord, Reddit, all of these websites.


Some of the games too. A friend of mine had, her son was playing a normal video game that you would, you know, I don't remember the name of it, But. it was just, you know, it was like whatever, robots punching each other. And it wasn't a trans person, But, it was an adult male who reached out to her, her son, and started to make direct contact. And he immediately was like, what's this about mom? And she freaked out. Yeah. But it. You do have to be careful even with the games, if there's any sort of a chat function on there. A hundred percent. I mean, If you If you search up If, you search anorexia on YouTube or bulimia, it will take you to a help page and it won't show you any results whatsoever. If, you search top surgery, which is double mastectomy, If, you search that it will give you millions of videos.


Mm. So these, these, these ideologies are everywhere. And If you are not aware. Then you, you know, you wouldn't, you wouldn't let your kid cross the road without teaching them how to cross. And it's, it's contagious. Yeah. It's a social contagion. Yes. It's so exposing your child over and over and over letting them get exposed for hours on end Yeah. To this ideology makes it far more likely they're gonna sign on to it. Yeah. So you have to intervene. All right, so let's just, let's spend a minute talking about adults, because this is trickier, right? Because I think generally the attitude is certainly in the, in the, in America. I think in the UK too. It's like, live and let live. Yes. You know, what you do is none of my business keep it off my lawn. But you know, if you're a freak, that's your business. Right? Then you, you think about trans people.


Now I let's, I don't mean to make it about Caitlyn Jenner 'cause I actually really, we've talked about her in the past, but I, I really, I like Caitlyn Jenner, I like Bruce Jenner. I like, and now I like Caitlyn Jenner and Caitlyn Jenner's all over the internet fighting the same fights we are. Caitlyn Jenner is on our side. He's actually out there advocating all the stuff you and I have been espousing of when it comes to kids and sports and so on. And that I get, that's where I stop. And I think, I don't know quite what to do with this. I don't know what quite, what to do with my feelings about this because I want to be loving towards Kaitlyn. I have nothing but kind feelings toward Kaitlyn.


I think Kaitlyn too will not hold it against me that I'm using a he pronoun on him. And yet I do think if Kaitlyn wanted to go into the restroom with my daughter, I wouldn't want that. And I realize I had a guest come on here, Katie Herzog and say, what if it was somebody who really looked like a woman who looked just like a woman? Or what if it was a woman who really passed as male, who looked totally butch with a bunch of tats? Why couldn't she use your son's restroom? This person would, would be more at home in a male restroom than in a female restroom to the pastor's by Yeah. It would make more sense. And I don't, I just kind of fell back on. No, because one, we allow it for one, we allow it for all.


Yeah. It's the camel's nose thing, but you take it Calin. Jenna, I, I think is, that's a, that's a dangerous example because like you say, he does say the right things, but he still is wearing us like a costume. And there are reasons that he does that. And I don't think they're truly wholesome. And I think he's also talked about trying on his, his daughter's underwear when she wasn't there or stealing her underwear. So I have probably more reservations about Caitlin, but I do think if these men, if these men trampled on our rights and they were all like demonic, horrible, really savage looking men, then we would all recognize the enemy.


But it's the reasonable men that, that opened all the doors for the unreasonable men. And we used to have a social contract and, and I, I probably think there might have been men that used women's spaces before. Very small number and maybe they did go undetected and nobody's worth off for it. Yeah. Good on you. If. you can fool Me. Yeah. And it Won't bother you If. you can fool me. Yeah. And that's fine. And, and maybe they used to, you know, go around and call themselves Marjorie at the weekend and have a jolly good time. And, and everyone's okay with that. But that isn't what we're living in now. We are living in the fact that the doors have been opened. And actually we can't even say that we don't like it without being called a bigot or trans misogynists.


So I, I think Trump was, let Caitlin use women's, He said in 16 that he would let Kaitlyn use the female bathrooms at Trump Tower. But I mean, 16 is a while ago now on this issue. That's a long Time ago. Yeah. Let's hope he's changed his mind. So yeah, I think I, I just think they need to stay out and I, I think we, we need to return to the social contract that If you are a good man. You are not going to put women in a position of having to tell you to get out of our spaces. You are just not gonna go in them. And so when it personally comes to Caitlyn, he, he might be, he might be totally respectful now, and maybe he's changed his mind.


I hope he has. Well, What, what, take Caitlyn out of it. What what would you do? Because I do think about this now 'cause because it be, it's becoming so common. Like what would you do if a if a male posing as a female came into a bathroom that you were using, like at the airport? Well, it happened to me recently when I was in a bathroom stall. We were at the very classy McDonald's just outside of Heathrow. And, and I was in the toilets and a man came in. Now I don't know how he was dressed, but I could hear his voice. And all I did is just stop breathing. You do this thing where you involuntary, you just, and you just wait and you're thinking, what's he doing? How long is he gonna take?


Have I heard his footsteps leave? So if I went in the toilet and it was just me and there's a man at the sinks, I might just leave because I'm, I'm not gonna put myself in a, in a very dangerous, vulnerable position. That's right. If I went, if my daughter was in the stall and there was a man stood at the sink, I would probably cause Mary hell and, and make a big fuss. And my husband's relatively well-built. So I I'm probably just shy, get Her in, but, but not in the women's bathroom. So that's the scary thing is I think about it like I, I feel the same. I would not allow my daughter to be subjected to that willingly, but I also don't wanna get shot in the face. And some of these people are crazy Yes.


And are on the internet saying that's exactly what will happen to us if we stand up for our own private spaces. And you know, the law has no problem with that. They can threaten us all day long and the no one's gonna call them and threaten them the way you got threatened for saying what's real. No. But what used to happen is, is a man wouldn't do that because there was a, an assumption that it, it only a bad man would walk in. And I actually still think that's true. They've just managed to convince people that actually it's their right to use our spaces. Yeah. Yes. Right. Oh, that's so infuriating. Exactly. Right. The case I mentioned earlier comes to mind because some of these men are truly sick people.


Mm. And not all, I I don't think they're all sick. I do think they all have an issue for sure. But I mean, some are truly sick. And this guy, I think is doing us a favor by writing this book and making himself so public right now. He's from Canada. I don't know what happened to Canada. Maybe it was too cold and it just didn't work out as an experiment, but there's so much trans insanity in Canada. Yes. It's, it might be the worst of all. Mm. I think it is. May Ireland's getting crazy too. But anyway, so this is from Redux, which is a great job, as you know, writing about our issues. Yes. And the headline is, oh, Canada. Okay. Father of seven lives life as a 6-year-old girl. Mm.


6-year-old girl, a Canadian man in his sixties who abandoned his wife and children to live as a 6-year-old girl is currently promoting his memoir about his transition. Stefan, I guess it's Stephanie Walsh, whose actual name is Paul, is a father to seven children, was married to his wife for 23 years before claiming to be trans in oh nine. According to his website. It's, it's a gripping memoir that recounts the turbulent journey of his life. And he published this in June. The hardcover version retails for over 50 bucks on Amazon.


It's also been stocked at Barnes and Noble. Now here's the crazy thing. These are the, like Amazon has suppressed how many books when Harry becomes Sal Sally. They suppressed that book, which was taking a look at this issue from the other side. Abigail Schreyer, irreversible Damage got all sorts of blowback from the Amazon employees who didn't want that published, which is such a sober journalistic Yeah. You know, approach to this. But this guy's memoir about running out on his wife and his seven children and not only transitioning, so-called to female, but becoming a little girl. Yes. Who now he says he's been adopted, he's been adopted by an older man and woman, and he's living as, as now an 8-year-old girl in the custody of quote his mommy and daddy who are totally comfortable with me being a little girl.


He says, this person guaranteed is all over the internet weighing in on these debates, getting you in trouble, getting people like me to get censored on YouTube. Yeah. Right. This is in so many instances who's behind this movement. Yeah. ISTs, it's sick. Yeah. Yeah. Well, they're all over the movement. I mean, he's, his Book will be everywhere. Yeah. He's partic a particularly egregious example Yes. That you, you will think will peak people, but apparent apparently still not. And Canada is really insane. I think there's, there's a, a Venn diagram of overlap of people that are completely a adherent to the Covid mandates and then going against the working classes.


So you've got the trucker protests that was in Canada and freezing people's assets. And it's all about, they do seem to be controlled populations go along with this more than, than freethinking populations. And maybe that's what's wrong with Canada is that they are, they have a little bit easy to control and so easy to manipulate. And so they have men like Stephanie. Oh my gosh. And now, and now the now it's come out because he published this book that he, he paints himself as a victim, you know, he was a victim. He, he made some public comment on Facebook about it. Or no, sorry. He's, he in the book has painted himself as such. But one of his seven children, according to Redux, posted on Facebook that he tried to force his children to participate in his transvestism.


She wrote, I was 13 when you left, there were days that if I didn't wanna paint your nails, you threatened to stop helping me with my homework. You said you couldn't handle the fact that we filed a restraining order. People need to know, you can't get a restraining order for someone just being of a different mindset. You were a physical threat to mom the day you left more than one of your children thought you were gonna come back and harm us. Wow. And he goes on it. It's just, it's long and, and potentially violent and the threats and so on. But this has happened quite a few times where this person who's just looking for our empathy and to be taken care of, like my friend's daughter thinks by us not objecting to him, coming into our locker room, has got this kind of a background or something maybe less egregious Yeah.


But still disturbing. Yeah. That we'll never get to know about because I mean, this is, it's no accident. This is published by Redux. You're not gonna see this in the Washington Post No. Or any mainstream publication other than to celebrate this man and his courage in his transition. Right. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, who knows what's behind Will Ferrell's best friend and what the story is there. What's the story with his family and his wife? And so like what, what's, what do his social media posts look like? We're never gonna know that. No. 'cause we're just gonna be spoonfed propaganda by the people who support this ideology. Yeah. Well, these men, often the daughters of these men say that their fathers decided they were women when the girls were going through puberty.


And then they will engage in sort of asking for tampons or towels or bra sizes or go bra shopping. And they do, they really do seem to come out when their daughters are puberty going through puberty or when their wives are pregnant. So when their wives are first pregnant, they might suddenly become, say that they, they couldn't keep it in any longer. And is that right? Yeah. Mm. What, what, why, what? I think it's a, I think really what these men hate women and so they, they just can't bear the envy of their women doing something so incredibly womanly. And often what happens with the paraphilia of, and, and the fetishism of becoming a woman will be accompanied by period fetish, pregnancy, fetish, lactation, fetish.


Which is why I think Australia Yes. That is one of the things that they talk about. That this guy's a member of 200 online communities on FET life, among them are multiple groups for the, so-called Adult Baby Diaper Lover. Mm. I'm not gonna read all of these, but Ification Yeah, lactation, fetishism. Just, just what you said. That's why you've got some men now who, who are given enough drugs to feed a baby. We had one of our labor mps, who's now in the House of Commons as a, as like the government, and he promoted a man who had a lactation fetish and was, I can't say breastfeeding a baby.


No. He was putting his toxic nipple in a baby's mouse. Oh my God. For his own satisfaction. But it's happening in the States. Yeah. And in Australia, I think the Australian breastfeeding, one of their major hospitals talks about helping men breastfeed children. I mean, it's just so gross. I, it it has no end. I think If, you can, like I said earlier, If, you can believe that a woman has a penis or a baby can be born in the wrong body, then all bets are off as to where that ends. You can't, you can't stop any of it. Michael Knowles, who's a conservative commentator at the Daily Wire, he's great. Yeah. We love him. He got in trouble. I don't know, he's always getting in trouble. But one of the comments for which he got in trouble was this to the effect of, forgive me for not if I don't get it exactly, but he wants to see transgenderism eradicated.


Yes. And then everybody was like, he wa he's calling for a genocide against trans people. And his response was, when we say we wanna see hunger eradicated, do, do we think we're calling for the murder of hungry people? Right. He, it's this ideology to which he's objecting that, that he feels it's made up and it's the result of an unwell mind and it is contagious and therefore dangerous. Yeah. He can explain it more articulately, but that's it in sum. What do you, what do you make of that? Like, what's your reaction when I say that? I Totally agree with him. And also the narrative is that these people are in distress. Oh, I was so distressed that I had to, I had to wear a dress otherwise, you know, I, I wanted to end my life.


Well, If you really meant that then you would like also an enter transgenderism, wouldn't you? You would like to stop the suffering of people, but yeah, I totally agree with him. And look, just take it, take it back indoors, you know, keep it in the bedroom. Go live your best life. If you If you get your rocks off dressing as a woman calling yourself, Karen, that's great. Good for you. I just don't wanna see it. I don't wanna participate in it. I don't want my daughter to have to see it. I don't want it taught in schools and I don't want any of you men in women's spaces. That's it right there. That's why you're the original. That's why Kellie Jake, she is the woman from whom I got my make Women female again.


Red Cap. You've gotta check. As soon as whenever I post that so many of these fake companies are like, buy our cap here. And then I have to send a follow up post saying, no, get it from Kellie j Keen, what is the website by the way, where They can get it? That's let Women speak.org. Okay. And, when you get on the website, you'll, you, you might be like in the UK version, but there's a little, you can click into the American version to place your order, which you should because you wanna support Kellie j Keen and her mission and not just some random t-shirt maker on the internet who's trying to glom onto her great ideas. She is the founder now of the Let Women Speak movement and now the Political Party, the Party of Women. Good luck. Thank you. Thank you. Wonderful to see you.


Oh, so great to have her. And Thanks to all of you for joining me today. Remember, our live Debate reaction show is tonight at 10:45 PM on SiriusXM Triumph. Channel one 11 and on youtube.com/ m Kelly will have all the instantaneous reaction from the big debate covered for you. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hype. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.