
For Mervis Diamond Importers, this is Ronnie Mervis. In a sea of ordinary engagement rings, KO stands out. KO rings feature hidden, intricate details because your ring should be as extraordinary as your love, not mass produced, never generic, always personal, crafted with passion in every meticulous detail. ko no boring rings. Why settle for the same ring as everybody else? And when you pair the unmatched beauty of a world famous Mervis diamond with your koi engagement ring, it says even more Mervis means more diamonds, better quality, and the most valued. With easy mervis financing, you can get her dream diamond. Now, don't wait to shop our mouthwatering mervis diamonds and the largest selection of Tacori bridal jewelry in the Tri-state area. Visit us in store or go online to mervis diamonds.com or call for an appointment at 800 her love. Again, that's mervis diamond.com or 800 her love mervis Diamond importers your official to Corey Jeweler.


Pandora makes it easy for you to find your favorite music, discover new artists and genres by selecting any song or album, and we'll make you a personalized station for free download on the Apple App Store or Google Play and enjoy the soundtrack to your life.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to this special am episode. It's an extra and we've got some good stuff for you today. Couple topics I wanna get to and we're also gonna answer a bit of your mail. We've gotten a ton, ton, ton, especially viewers who wanna know how do they speak to their Harris supporting children or relatives or friends who are completely in the doldrums right now about her loss. And there are lovely people out there who are looking to get past this and have a relationship and make people they care about feel better.


And we can talk about that, okay? But I wanna get to a couple stories first that deserve all of our attention.


Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. The app shows whether you're burning fat or carbs and provides tailored guidance to improve your nutrition, workout, sleep, and stress management. All you have to do is breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning to understand your metabolism based on your measurements. Lumen gives you a personalized nutrition plan for the day. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals to get realtime insights with Lumen, providing tips to keep you on top of your health game. Lumen can also track your cycle, adjusting its recommendations to maintain a healthy metabolism through hormonal shifts, helping you keep your energy levels up and stave off cravings. So if you wanna stay on track with your health this holiday season, go to lumen.me/megan to get 15% off your Lumen. That's LUME n.me/megan for 15% off your purchase. Lumen. Makes a great gift too. Thanks Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


First, we had great news in the fight to get boys out of girls sports this week in addition to President Trump winning, which is going to really, really help. But there was a massive legal ruling on a story that we've been watching and following very closely here at the MK Show since we were a baby, since we launched back in September of 2020. So as You know, I live in Connecticut now and and September of 2020, I still live in New York. But we were moving here and this story was making national news. There were runners, young female runners in the public schools in Connecticut who had been saddled with boys running against them in track and field.


And these brave young women stood up to say, this is not fair. They're taking our medals, our first place finishes, they're taking our scholarships and we can't win against them. This is totally unfair. And they ultimately filed a lawsuit with the help of the of alliance, defending freedom, love a DF if you wanna give money to support a group. That's a great one. And they bumped right into this absolute douche bag of a judge. This guy is a jerk. He's on the US District Court in Connecticut and his name is Judge Robert Chad Agni, C-H-A-T-I-G-N-Y-A, bill Clinton appointee.


Now in the spring of 2021, we had on the girls and they told us firsthand why they were suing and it's for all the reasons I just discussed. And then their lawsuit moved through the process. They came back on in 2023. Their lawsuit at that point had been dismissed by this jerk and they were seeking an appeal with the Second Circuit Court of Appeals, which is a federal court of a appeals right underneath the US Supreme Court. You know they're all across the nation and that's the last stop before you get to the US Supreme Court. And they outlined some of the reasons why again, that they were involved in this lawsuit to begin with.


We chose a soundbite from that episode because by that point we had video and you might wanna see them, it's episode 5 67 and here are Chelsea Mitchell and Alana Smith. So my sophomore year, actually Terry raced on the boys team in the indoor season and then in the outdoor season switched to the girls team. Terry was blowing us girls out of the water. I mean I remember at the state open championship and Terry went by like over half a second the two, the second biological male and then the me and the other female finishers were after them. But the both of them just blew us out of the water consistently.


Yeah, it Was so frustrating. 'cause I know, I mean I used to spend hours a day at track practice just to shave off. I mean tenths of a second, hundredths of a second tracks of sport were just like a little bit of time off is huge. And it was just so frustrating to line up and just feel like I was racing for second place. And even if I was trying my hardest, I knew that I wasn't gonna get the top spot and then just to know that me and the other girls were and we would, we didn't have a level playing field. This is so annoying. They had to race against these boys posing as girls because it's the Connecticut state policy. Connecticut along with some almost two dozen states have a policy that requires you to be able to race in the sport and in the league that aligns with your gender identity as opposed to biological sex, which is a blatant violation of Title ix.


It is a violation of girls' equal protection rights. All of this is gonna get reversed. It's going to get reversed thanks to Trump and thanks to the courts and thanks to this US Supreme Court. So these girls filed a lawsuit trying to say all of that and this jerk judge rejected the lawsuit, threw it out. And let me just give you a little color about this guy's ruling, which came down in April of 2021. Right around the time when they first came on the show, Alliance Defending Freedom came out and said that this judge would not allow them as the lawyers for these two girls to refer to the biological boys as biological boys.


The judge required them to call the biological boys, females, which the lawyers ma made the point that obscures the entire issue. That has brought us into court here, your Honor, the whole question is should biological boys be allowed to play in girls' sports? And here are all the reasons why they shouldn't. It completely muddies the waters to say should females be allowed to compete against females In girls' sports, and this is something we've been talking about in this show for a long time, is You know, which is they try to control the language to already win the argument.


If you seed the language, you've already lost the argument, especially on this issue, and therefore you must fight over the language including pronouns, even if it makes you feel impolite. If you don't, your hashtag part of the problem. And this judge, which hash hashtag part of the problem, he dismissed their case. So they appealed up to the second circuit and when you first appeal, you get a three judge panel from the Court of Appeals. That panel ruled against the girls again, but the the girls were not done and alliance defending freedom was not done. They appealed to the Second circuit on bonk, which means the entire second circuit. All of the judges who otherwise would make up random three judge panels, all of them here the case and they agreed to take it.


And guess what happened? They reversed, they won, the girls won in front of the Second Circuit court of appeals, which is huge. And then it went back down as it must to this judge Chad Agni, the guy who had originally dismissed the lawsuit. I mean, I just want you to know this was so egregious, this wasn't, not that it makes a difference whether the boys are on testosterone suppressing hormones. It, it doesn't make a difference. These boys had been through male puberty. If you're listening to us, go look at, go look@ouryoutube.com slash meg Kelly, you will see these are boys who have been through boy puberty.


They are very well developed. They look like boys. They're strong like boys. They're legs. They're muscles. Oh they're boys. And listen to this extra bit of color from one of the girls who was forced to race against them. Listen, were there any requirements You know in your state that do you, that You know of that they, that they You know take that they reduce their testosterone, that they do something to reduce the biological advantage as as if we could get rid of all of them, but at least on the testosterone front, Chelsea? No, the the CIAC policy was pretty much just if you identify as a girl then you can run on the girls team.


There was no policy that you had to lower testosterone or anything. So these two boys were racing as boys in the previous season the year before and had done nothing. Nothing. Again, not that it would make the difference, but I guess you could make the case it would be better than running with your full testosterone in full male advantage as they were. And the Connecticut policy is that's, that's fine. You're good. The girls need to compete against that. That's fair. So race after race, these girls saw just the glorious joy of winning slip away from them as an impossibility as they look down at the start and saw two boys getting ready to win though they gave it their all.


So it goes back to this judge and what happened last week was reading here from just the news, a chastened judge Chad Agni switched his stance and ruled that the amended complaint did plausibly allege disparate treatment under the law based on the female athlete's sex, saying the defendants are indeed potentially liable for discrimination under Title IX and that the plaintiffs may be indeed able to recover DA damages including attorney's fees and costs depending on what happens in the course of discovery. Here, listen to this. Unlike in 2021, the judge's ruling is replete with references to biological sex.


He even twice used the phrase biological males, which years earlier he had deemed needlessly provocative in this case. How about that? The girls are asking for these nominal damage. They're not looking to get rich off of this. They just want this policy changed and declared unlawful. And they also want more than 40 state and local race track records revised, removing the names of the two transgender athletes from their winning places and replacing them with the names of the female athletes who also competed but did not win It's justice.


This judge was forced, he's been brought to heal by the Second Circuit Court of appeals in a very liberal court. Everybody, this is like the ninth circuit almost that said you cannot do this. This is huge. And this judge was brought to heal to acknowledge there is such a thing as a biological male and that is the language you must use in weighing the relative rights in this situation. So f you Connecticut and f you Judge Chad Agney who only was forced to come around a reason and f you to these boys who tried to run as girls and they knew it was unfair.


And to the school that didn't create an open category and say run there. There's two of you who can run against each other. This is just so wrong on every level. And and here's another piece of it you need to know. This case got started under the Trump administration. Number one, the first, the first Trump administration and the Department of Education was on the side of the girls and filed a brief through the DOJ, the D, the Department of Education and the DOJ were on the side of the girls and filed in support of the girls saying You have violated Title IX Connecticut. This is not okay. And then we had a switch in administrations. Biden came in, Miguel Cardona came in and they withdrew all of the government support.


The DOJ was out, the DOE was out and they actually took the other side of this issue. So these girls were left alone with God bless alliance, defending freedom to pursue this case in court, which they did. But as you can see, it was an uphill battle and I'm sure it was an expensive battle. Another reason to donate to Alliance defending freedom. And now, I mean even before Trump gets back in office, but now they've won, they haven't won the whole case. They now have to, they get a trial now and they get to make their case and that's, that's all they're entitled to and that's great. They weren't kicked out just based on the papers by this judge saying, Hey, Connecticut law says you, it's too bad. You have to suck it up. So now they get to go forward and now thanks to Trump coming back in office, he will make the necessary revisions to bite to Biden's.


Title IX changes. He'll reverse them and he will send his DOJ and his Department of Education in to support the girls like these who need help against woke schools, systems, states, and judges who wanna tell them, referring to these kids as biological males is needlessly provocative and you must lose just based on language alone. This is great. This is all going our way. This is before Trump gets in. We got a big ruling outta the second circuit back down to this judge who's been humbled and hobbled and that's what's gonna happen to all of you. Judges who continue to rule the wrong way and You know what's even more beautiful will be when one of these left wing courts like the ninth circuit or what have you, rules the other way and it goes up to the Supreme Court.


Oh, I hope it goes up to the Supreme Court because this court will rule in our favor. I realize that Judge Gorsuch cast the deciding vote saying you can't discriminate in the workplace setting against trans people. But he made sure to point out in that opinion that it did not app apply to girls' sports. That was a separate issue That was not before the court. We have not lost on that issue before the highest court in the land and we won't, we will not lose on that issue. I would love to see that go up a s a P. So it's great. We are, we're winning ladies and gentlemen. We're winning. The side of reason the Normies are restoring order.


Fairness, safety and justice. Right on Second Circuit. Right on. Okay. There are still a lot of very abnormal, strange people out there. And that leads me to a woman, a writer named Emily Gold who writes for New York Magazine and it's publication called The Cut. Now you may remember this woman, I believe we talked about her piece when it came out about the lure of divorce in February of 20 24, 7 years into my marriage. She wrote at the time I hit a breaking point and had to decide whether life would be better without my husband in it.


In this piece she goes through, this is the old one, I'm gonna get to the new one in a sec. She goes through how in the summer of 2022 she lost her mind, her words. First she thought she was just overwhelmed because life had become difficult and then it became clear it was more than that to cope with the stress. I asked my psychiatrist, she writes to increase the dosage of the antidepressant. I'd been on for years, sometime around then. I started talking too fast and drinking a lot. Drinking felt necessary. She goes on to say she would drink with breakfast, lunch and dinner some days, which she would eat at restaurants. So the drink order didn't seem too unusual. Who doesn't have an aole spritz on the way home from the gym in the morning, I became convinced too that my marriage was over and had been over for years.


I spent money like it was water, never budgeting, leaving my husband to make sure we made rent every month she writes about how they had their last fight after a long day spent at a wedding upstate, I'd been drinking, spiked lemonade at lunch alone. Then boxed wine during the wedding reception where I couldn't eat any of the food because it all contained wheat And, I have celiac disease. Perfect of course. Okay, so she's drinking too much. She's of course allergic to wheat and she has celiac disease. She's depressed and on antidepressants and she's got a psychiatrist. These are the things we've learned about her so far. She tells her husband, it's over, really over the definitive moment I'd been waiting for. I had a concrete reason to leave because her husband, I guess wasn't paying her enough attention and was giving her some hassle about her finances.


My therapist and my psychiatrist. Okay, so it's more than just the psychiatrist both urged me in no uncertain terms to check myself into a psychiatric hospital. It's not going well here for Emily. Therapist, psychiatrist, marriage and disarray, drinking breakfast, lunch and dinner on an antidepressant. Had to increase the dose celiac disease as yet another alleged problem. And. then they started her on lithium right away in a meeting with my team of psychiatrists. Now it's a team. They broke the news. I had bipolar disorder. They weren't sure which kind and into the inpatient psych psychiatric facility.


She went where she insisted that her mother and her husband were not allowed to visit her. Instead, at some point she got out and she decided to do couples therapy with the husband. So now we've had a psychiatric institution, a team of psychiatrists, a therapist, an antidepressant, alcohol morning, noon and night celiac disease, cutting off the mother, cutting off the husband, and then a reentry by the husband in couples therapy. My husband would have to forgive me for cheating. Oh yeah, I forgot. She cheated. She she cheated on him. He would have to forgive her for doing that and for wasting our money. And I would have to forgive him for treading on my literary territory, our family's life, my own life.


He would have to forgive me for having a mental breakdown, leaving him to take care of our family, et cetera. And I would have to forgive him for taking for granted that I would be available on a six sick day or to do an early pickup or watch the baby while he wrote about our other child. Okay, this I, I read all that 'cause you need to know who Emily Gould is before I tell you the following fact. She's now an advice columnist for, for New York Magazine. Oh god. This is the same way they make all the kids write about their severe traumas and adverse childhood experiences and how effed up they are in order to admit them into the Ivy Leagues.


You write your admissions essay about what a well-adjusted kid you are, what a loving family you have that's taught you to love yourself and America and be open-minded to different points of view. You're out. You can forget it, but I guarantee you, lithium, inpatient cheating, SSRIs and celiac disease, you say right in welcome to Yale. So Emily is now doing advice columns at the cut and that leads me to this particular piece of advice. The headline is My daughter's New York City public school teacher supports Trump, dun dun dun.


There's the big reveal. Of course everybody who reads New York magazine has the same reaction, which is, oh my God, oh go on. We understand where this is going. Dear Emily, you tell me who's crazier the writer or Emily, I'm struggling with how to respond to a recent incident at my daughter's New York City public school. She said her ninth grade English teacher made all the students in the class watch Trump's acceptance speech. Ah, what the next president of the United States. You say they forced the children to lay eyes on him and ears too and not just that, but take notes on his values and then ask them to pay particular attention to how positively the crowd responded during his speech.


I, I mean, how soon can we fire her? What they had to watch the next president take notes on the values he was expressing and to pay attention to how the crowd responded. I mean the what have we come to in this country? I was waiting for for more like what then did she say how right he was, how unfairly he's been character. No, that's it. I have completed now the list of offenses that this teacher committed though the teacher did not say anything directly about how she voted. My daughter said she's a known Trumper and so I can only assume her attention, assuming was in some way to promote his ideas.


Promote or just explore, just present 'cause there's a difference present. And to call their attention to the fact that as the results have made clear, there are millions of people who do support him. Perhaps we'd spend a minute seeing why. What is it he's saying and how are they reacting? That is not promotion madam. It's presentation and an airing that most of these students will never get. Trust me, I was in the New York City schools, I was there in those privates when my daughter and many of the other students voiced their objections and said they found this exercise upsetting.


It's upsetting. The teacher said it was her lesson and she would teach the class the way she wanted. They had to do it. One brave student got up and left the room to go to the principal's office and was not required to go back to class. Of course the principal was like, you stay here sweetheart. That is traumatic. Hold me, hold me. At 14, my daughter's old enough to be politically aware and was excited by the possibility of electing our first female president. She was extremely sad that Kamala lost. Of course, as a family, we share her views. I wish the teacher had given the students the space and time to decompress after such a divisive election.


No matter how the kids felt about the outcome. I'm not totally sure how to tell my daughter. She needs to respect and listen to this teacher after she acted with so little empathy toward her own students, the way she made them look at and listen to Trump. What do I do now in terms of talking to my daughter about how to tough out the rest of the year in this teacher's class? Or if I can make myself take on having the conversation of talking to the school. I just dunno if I'm ready. I'm know if I'm ready for this. I know And I can't talk about Trump and this incident signed, can't believe I have to deal with this right now.


Can't believe I'm going through enough, got a shape off my hair, get my big glasses post on the internet, find my chastity belt, get the abortion pill I got. I've got enough to deal with Emily. Now do you think Emily responded dear, can't believe I have to deal with this right now. You and your daughter need to toughen up. Diverse viewpoints are what make the world go round. Your teacher didn't push a particular POV on the students, she just introduced them to their next president and let them hear from him directly before he takes the oath of office. You should show hi them controversial Trump videos if that's what you want them to know, or Kamala Harris videos if you want them to see what they missed out on.


But the answer is not to stifle any discussion of politics or the news in class. That's not how it went folks. Emily responded, waking up to the news last Wednesday that Trump won the election was brutal enough already. I know as a parent it was difficult for me to go through the motions to answer my kids' questions to get through, drop off without bursting into tears once or twice. I mean it might have been the lithium Emily, I don't, I just, you you should call your team. I'm so sorry your daughter had to deal with this added burden. From what I've heard from parents with school aged kids, most teachers handled the situation with appropriateness and grace. They set aside class time for kids to discuss their feelings in a non-confrontational, non-partisan.


Way too bad. This isn't what happened for your daughter, it's also the school's fault. And if you can't find the energy to take it up with them, I think you definitely should. Basically we need you. We need, you can't believe we do Bababa Baba, when you're strong enough, go to the administration and calmly, factually lay out exactly what you think the teacher did that was inappropriate. Be ready to counter them by by asking you how you'd feel if Kamala Harris had won and your daughter's English teacher had taken class time to let the students watch her victory speech. Don't you let yourself get sidetracked though? But the fact that this comparison isn't just apples and oranges, it is apples and convicted felons that's literally in the piece I'm quoting.


It's not apples and orange. He, he is an orange, but he is a convicted felon orange. That's that's the relevant point. Instead, calmly point out that this teacher didn't just have the students watch the speech, she made them take notes on his values. I've got news for you Emily and unnamed mother, that could be, his values suck. He's saying things about immigrants I don't agree with. He seems to be against me on the trans issue. Whatever the values are that you've definitely instilled in these children in the New York City system, he could be opposed to them. And you might actually hear that when you hear him speak. How is telling the students to take notes on his values in any way an indoctrination attempt?


And she goes on, the teacher drew attention to the positive crowd reaction. Frankly in New York City schools, that was probably an attempt by this teacher to show how many of them are also Nazis. Like honestly, it could easily be going the other way. I, you can draw nothing from any of this or it could be a teacher who's more fair and balanced trying to let the students know half the country does love him. See how they react. That's how we got Trump. When everyone around you is saying, how did he win? You can say, well he's got a lot of supporters. I saw how they clapped. This is not indoctrination it, it is education. Fine. Does it need to happen in English class?


I'm with you on that. Probably not. It's a current events thing or a government thing. Maybe social studies. I'll give you that point which comes up next in in her response. Then she goes on. But by the way, can I just say something on that? 'cause it actually does like there, she says in here, none of this has anything to do with teaching English. It all amounts to what I'd consider to be a breach of trust. I mean, this is very rich coming from the math is racist crowd. Remember all the videos we've seen of students at MIT standing up to protest the Palestinian thing and, and all the memes about how two plus two doesn't equal four. And if you think it does, you're racist. I mean DEI and this, this nonsense has made its way into every single class our kids take pe, art song, you name it.


And in English classes across America, both at the high school level and in college, they are pulling anything written by a white man out because DEI must rule everything. So if you're gonna stick your political agenda into every class other than current events, be prepared when some rogue teacher decides to counterbalance it with one night of watching a Trump speech. Anyway, she goes on to say the following, now it's on the administration to find a way to reestablish trust re between these teachers and the students. If this teacher goes on to assign essays about how Trump is making America great again, for example, your daughters within her rights to refuse, refuse to do the assignment.


And of course if she and her fellow students are comfortable doing so, they are well within the rights to take their grievances to the administrations themselves. Take a moment here to congratulate yourself on being a good parent just like you, Emily, with all the lithium and the SSRIs and the inpatient stuff and all the boozing and the cheating. Okay? I mean, alright, they, it's a sliding scale. Then use that confidence to gather the strength and momentum you will need to get through the next four years. The lunatic left is alive and well and really grappling with what to do in the wake of this election. I don't, I don't think they're gonna get over their TDS, And I.


Don't think New York Magazine or any of the people who read it are reachable. I don't, I think they're the reason we're seeing pics like Matt Gaetz and Pete Hegseth and people who upset them for various posts because Trump and his team are done giving to Fs about how they react. They're not getable, they're not reasonable. They really just have to be brought to heal like that judge, they must simply be defeated. And I. If I were a democrat trying to revive my party, I truly would just ostracize them, alienate them, like disown them in the way Republicans have diminished the Lincoln project and these other never Trumpers as really having nothing to do with them.


That's their, their only way. Like Emily. Yeah, she's not getable, not with reason, not with lectures, by Jim Carville about how woke him need to go. These people need psychiatric help. Maybe a different kind than she's getting, and really frankly, to like rethink the way they're approaching life, like get outside more, maybe stop the alcohol and all that stuff and the wheat problem might clear up. Consider changing your media diet. That's probably number one to lower your stress and open your mind and keep on trucking because I, I think You know, while there might not be political reconciliation for you, there could be a world in which you don't get institutionalized regularly.


So good luck and we'll be right back.


Let's be honest, the world is not getting any simpler, whether it's a natural disaster, a supply chain issue or just a nasty virus, things happen that we simply cannot control. But what we can control is how prepared we are. We have seen time and time again that preparation is key. It's about being proactive, not reactive. That's where the Jce case comes in. The jce case is an emergency kit with prescription antibiotics that cover a huge range of common infections. The JCE case takes the guesswork and the panic out of these challenging situations. You'll have the right medication and you'll have it when you need it in times of uncertainty. You don't wanna be dependent on outside systems. With the Jce case, you have a practical, reliable solution right at your fingertips. And this is about taking control in a world that sometimes feels out of control. So don't wait until it's too late. Get prepared right now. Go to jce JAS e.com and enter MK at checkout. That's promo code mk@jse.com to get the right meds the moment you need them. This is about smart preparation for you and your family's peace of mind.


For Mervis diamond importers, this is runny mervis. Before you tie the knot, you should explore our verragio engagement and wedding rings. The styles are out of this world with mind blowing design options. Ragio is the only designer who allows you to personalize your ring exactly the way you want it. The sky is the limit. Each ring is crafted to the highest quality. When you pair your ragio ring with the unmatched beauty of a world famous mervis diamond, you have a ring which is truly like no other. It'll be the talk of the town. Your friends will be envious. Mervis means more diamonds, better quality, and the most value. And with easy mervis financing, you can get her dream diamond. Now, don't wait to shop our mouthwatering mervis diamonds and the largest selection of Ragio bridal jewelry in the Tri-state area. Visit us online@mervisdiamond.com or call 800 her love. Again, that's mervis diamond.com or 800 her love mervis Diamond importers, your official Ragio Jeweler


True Crime podcasts. There is no shortage to consume, and if you're like me, you've consumed them all. I'm Ashley Flowers, creator and host of the number one True Crime podcast crime junkie. Every Monday we cover a case in a way that's not like you've heard before because I have built a one of a kind team of investigative journalists dedicated to conducting original reporting, making sure that you get the inside scoop. Listen to hundreds of Crime junkie episodes now, wherever you get your podcasts.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Now we bring you another edition of Thanks But No Thanks, where we say Thanks But No Thanks to a story bubbling up in the news. Today we're gonna talk about a wholesome new movie that hits theaters next week called Wicked. A movie adaptation of the popular musical featuring Ariana Grande and Cynthia Aribo. It is a twist on the Wizard of Oz, story focused on the two witches at the center of it all. Take a look at a little bit of the trailer, The wonderful Wizard of Oz. Someone's you took Emerald City, come with me. What to make the wizard. Why couldn't puzzle me? This is your mom. I'm come See.


It's just a sweet little film for the whole family. A PG rating, nice innocent entertainment. And they've been promoting this thing like crazy. Of course for a Disney movie. I mean, you gotta have your dolls. And Disney partnered with Mattel for Barbie like characters, which you can see Grande and Arrivo enjoying in a video they posted from July. It's perfect. Whoa. Can we, I try, yes. Sorry, I need a moment. They're so tall. We're tall. They're, they're quite tall. So fun.


Surely these product tie-ins will be hugely popular with the young impressionable fans of the film as we approach the holiday season. But you see there's just one problem. The front of the package, as it turns out, 25 bucks for this thing, by the way, looks totally normal. But on the back there's a website at the bottom for you to find out more about the movie, www dot Wicked dot com. It says, but Wicked dot com does not bring you to Disney's website for the film. Oh no. It brings you to the website of the pornographic movie company. Wicked Pictures for research purposes only.


Our executive producer, Steve Krakauer, was forced to go there last night and what you'll find is not Ariana Grande, but films like Sunny Gold Melons and Kenzie loves Girls too. Splashed on the front page for Little Girls Across America to go check out to get to the film website, you need to go to www dot Wicked movie.com. Well, this is a huge mess. On Sunday, Mattel was forced to issue a statement. Mattel was made aware of a misprint on the packaging of the Mattel Wicked collection dolls primarily sold in the us.


It said we deeply, deeply regret this unfortunate error and are taking immediate action to remedy this. Parents are advised that the Misprinted incorrect website is not appropriate for children. Yeah, no shit. Mattel, you see, Wicked dot com has all sorts of movies on it that seem like Disney films, but I assure you they are not. You should not share these with your children. We asked our guests yesterday, the fellas from Ruthless for their favorites behind the scenes, Holmes liked Cinderella Triple X, while Duncan liked more of the new stuff, and Captain Marvel's Triple X ashbrook went with Snow White Triple X.


You sensing a theme here that the guys found appealing. These are all real movie titles that are being made available to your children if they click on this website. Smug picked Operation Desert, stormy starring Stormy Daniels, of course, one of the dozens of movies you can find at Wicked dot com featuring the star of the New York Business Records trial against Trump earlier this year. Okay, I'm kidding. We didn't actually ask the Ruths guys for their fix. I had you though. Apparently a lot of people are getting confused by the packaging mishap because according to variety website traffic to the Wicked porn company is at its highest level in 12 years, the power of Mattel.


So go enjoy the movie. If you would like with your kids and buy the Dolls if you like, you can find 'em at Target or Kohl's, but at the Megan Kelly show where we keep things very wholesome, unlike those perverts over at Ruthless, we are saying Thanks But, No Thanks to the URL on the back of the Wicked box. Okay, before we go, I'm gonna answer some of your questions. Let's hope they're PG 13 and you can submit them at to Megan, MEGY n@megankelly.com. I read them all. Now I'm joined by my executive producer, Steve Krakau, who wrote that bit, Steve Krakau. Well done my friend. Well done.


I I really hope that Google understands that sometimes I have to do research that I'm not interested in. I have to look up weird movies and it's part of my job. I'm not interested in that. I hope your wife Megan understands, forget Google You to like clear my search history just in general with this job. Okay, well, You know, I Just, I just realized this, I just realized that You know when you go on Twitter and people write like the word pornographic, if they're writing about a story and they put like a number, the number zero instead of an O for porn or they misspell it. Oh yeah. I just now realize they do this so that the algorithm doesn't think they want those things served up to them. So we all need to take a lesson.


That's good advice. Okay, well I'll have to learn that for next time, but right now it's too, it's too late. Okay, we've got some, some great Questions can really, like that one was very funny, Steve, I have to say very, very well. How do you find these stories? I really like, it's a good, how do you find that? Honestly, this one, I mean the amount of promotion that they're doing for this Wicked movie is, is everywhere. I I they're, they're, and, and so the story is in, in a lot of places. I mean this is a, this is a huge problem. These dolls are everywhere. Wicked dot com do not, do not go there. We not suggest that. No, do not, We are not looking to promote the website. Okay. So, but we are looking to promote our viewer mail and we apparently got a ton of it over the past week, which I received a huge download. So Meg Storm will call through a lot of them and she sends me a huge download every Monday.


And I, love reading them You know what I do is I put them, everybody knows I love VoiceStream, put 'em, I download them on VoiceStream and then VoiceStream reads all the emails to me, which I love. But you've pulled some where people are actually looking for advice or an answer. Yeah. And these, these first two are similar to a lot of emails. We got hundreds that fit in these, this general category. So one is from Ellen who says, how do I talk to my 20-year-old niece who believes that the world has just ended, which is an important one to know. And then Rebecca says, how do we move forward with our fellow Americans that are Kamala Harris voters? Well those are You know similar, similar answers to both of those questions.


I mean I really think like, look, if I were trying to make my friends who are liberal feel better about Trump, I would say we've had four years of Trump before we moved on and the Democrats were back in power. And if you look at the history of our country, that's how this will go to more than likely Trump will do a bunch of controversial things that Republicans love and then if history's any guide, the Democrats will vote Democrats back into power in the House or the Senate in the midterm elections. And the Dems will reclaim one of those bodies and we'll be able to thwart Trump's legislation. Right now they don't have a filibuster proof majority in the Senate. So the Democrats can thwart major Trump legislation that they feel is too right at at this very moment.


So they haven't, the Republicans won, but they didn't win enough to really You know, push through all their favorites and they only have a four seat majority in the house. So all that's good news to Democrats who wanna see Trump stopped the executive order game. That one's on for real and it will make an impact, especially when it comes to immigration. But look, Trump issued a bunch of executive orders in immigration. Biden unid them all and had a massive impact on places like the border. And Trump's now gonna try to reinstitute them and then it will flip back the other way if again, history is any guide because the Democrats could win the White House in four years. So it's like you just need to calm down. We have these four year terms in the White House for a reason. We only have two year terms in the house.


So it really does allow one side to regain power and also like take a deep breath and realize a lot of what you've been told about Trump is by crazy media people who just loath him like turn off M-S-N-B-C, turn off CNN. Tell them every morning in their leftist. So tell 'em, do what I do. Listen to NPR and their little up first You know 15 minute broadcast, which is totally insufferable. I cannot stand it more than anything. I hate their stupid, weird music. It, I hate the way it makes me feel like it, it resonates something deep in my soul that is very jarring the way like you'd feel if a serial killer came into your bedroom at night.


Something, I hate it. Okay. But I listen to it because I wanna know what the left is saying and spinning and then go get a broadcast like ours or like Morning Wire on the other side that will offer a more fair and balanced view of the news. And that way you can prevent yourself from being totally indoctrinated and rattled by news about Trump. But during the Trump presidency, the last thing these people should do is just consume a diet of MS or CNN or even the mainstream. It's only going to lead to more stress and consternation. Good advice. I hope they take that, get a long road ahead here, but it should be fun. It'll be fun to cover.


Yeah. We got a lot of questions also about your appearance last week at the Trump rally. Jane says, flawless job at the rally, persuasive, smart, and well delivered. And then she wants to know, what did Trump whisper to you when the two of you hugged at the end? I don't remember specifically. I think he said something like, great job. thank you. He was very, very nice. He And I spoke beforehand behind the scenes when I greeted him there and that was really nice. We caught up. He was very, very happy with my appearance on Bill Maher, which I think I told you and was saying all sorts of really, really nice stuff. I You know he And I are in a good place. And so I enjoyed that and You know be after the actual speech.


It was just pleasantries and then goodbye. So it was a thrill being up there. It was great to see him and it was just You know so much better to the next night, watch the returns, come in and see that man over the top and restored to power in a way that's gonna make profound difference in the country. That's great. Alright, last one. A fun here. Tracy says, you make a lot of movie references and you do. That is definitely true. What, when do you have time to watch movies and what is your favorite movie? Well, you'll notice most of them are from the You know, seventies, eighties, nineties and early aughts. Like I, I used to have a life now I just, now I just consume news in almost all my waking hours. We all do. It's a sickness honestly. If you could see the amount of time.


I've got a question for you, Steve. Like when you get your little notification from your phone about how many hours you've spent online on an average daily basis, do you get that thing? What is it normally? Yeah. Well, I should just say I have to be on my phone for the show through because it's, I can, so it's, that's three hours a day right there. It's about nine hours. Yep, same. Mine is like at least 10, 10 hours. You average 10 hours a day because I'm constantly listening to you on podcast or I, I download so many news articles on Voice Stream, And I, have them Red Meet or you can go to National Review online. They already have the press play to have their articles read to you, which all of them should have. I wish all of them would do it. The New York Times does it, wall Street Journal does it anyway, or you're on Twitter, You know, it's like, or we're all texting You know.


We have our producers texting where we're all exchanging news like it's a full-time job. So I don't really have a lot of time for movies these days, but I do watch some Netflix. I'll tell you what we watched lately. I mean I, all I did was watch TV growing up. I really didn't study, I didn't do that well in school. I had some friends, but we just watched it. It was seventies. My mom paid no attention to me, so I watched TV and ate a lot of McDonald's. So now we watch some Netflix. Doug And I just watched it. It came out a couple years ago, escape at Dana Mora, which is about those two prisoners who used that prison guard up in Northern New York to help them break outta a prison And. then they went on a whole wild goose chase with the cops very, after this was over, Doug spoke to Sarah, my hairstylist who she comes in the morning three days a week, And I, said, Sarah, we're gonna have to have a talk about curating our list that you recommend, such that it, it doesn't have so many unattractive characters and it certainly doesn't have them finding carnal knowledge of one another.


So frequently in the film it was, I mean, very, they were, I guess they were made to look unattractive because Patricia Arquette is not that unattractive and it was so jarring. I it did not need to see, it was like that, that Wicked dot com website, the scenes I saw in there. Putting that aside, it was interesting to watch that, watch that movie. And I enjoyed that. When it, when it's available, we watch that show Severance, which I really liked also by the same director, by the way, Ben Stiller, who, I can't stand his politics, but I'm enjoying his output. I'm not gonna lie, escape it. Dan Moore was a little slow with eight episodes. It could have been done in four, God, I don't know what else.


Oh, we watched the Martha Stewart documentary. Steve, have you seen this? I haven't seen it yet. I know I'm, I hear more and more people watching it. It's really good. I was, I had no idea like all the stories about her. She, she's pretty frank about her foibles. She had an affair on her first husband, which she, it's, it's amazing. She's like her, her first husband. She says cheated on her with this woman. She brought on their property as she puts it in the film. I, I gave him a snack, provided a snack for him on my own property. It, but she apparently cheated on him first. But there's a scene in which she's like, I guess I'm just a swan, I'm a swan who mates for life. And then he betrayed me and the the producers are like, well, you, you cheated with that Irish guy.


And she's like, what? What? And she admits it like, what? So, so you're not a swan. Anyway, I loved it, but we don't have a lot of time long-winded answer to tell you. I don't have a lot of time for tv. If you've got any recommendations though, I'm taking 'em. megan@megankelly.com. Alright. We'll gather them for next week. We'll pass 'em along. Cool. Cool. thank you Steve Crack hour and good luck to you and your algorithm on your Google Feed. thank you. Okay, so thanks to Steve and thanks to all of you for joining us today. We are back on Monday with Glen Greenwald. He's back. Glen is not out, Glen is in and he will be on the show Monday for Reels.


See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And no fear year. Finding the music you love shouldn't be hard. That's why Pandora makes it easy to explore all your favorites and discover new artists and genres you'll love. Enjoy a personalized listening experience simply by selecting any song or album and will make a station crafted just for you. Best of all, you can listen for free. Download Pandora on the Apple App Store or Google Play and start hearing the soundtrack to your life.


Did You know that parents rank financial literacy as the number one most difficult life skill to teach? Meet Greenlight, the debit card and money app for families. With Greenlight, you can set up chores, automate allowance, and keep an eye on your kids' spending with real time notifications. Kids learn to earn, save, and spend wisely. And parents can rest easy knowing their kids are learning about money with guardrails in place. Sign up for Greenlight today at greenlight.com/podcast.