
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe your small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment, whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here, providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. We begin on the subject of George Clooney, who is busy trying to look 30 years younger than he actually is with weirdly dyed jet black hair, trying his hand on Broadway. He's starring in a play about Edward r Murrow because Clooney fancies himself a journalist you see, and has lots of thoughts on how journalists need to do journalism. Like he does it mainly, You know, like stumbling upon the biggest story of the decade that a sitting president is mentally infirm and ought to be 25th Amendment did right out of office and then burying it, saying absolutely nothing for weeks on end.


And then only after that, president humiliates himself on the national stage at a presidential debate and then refuses to step down as the entire Democrat party watches its electoral chances, up and down the ticket goes, swirling down the toilet, finally decides to write an op-ed and the New York Times saying, Joe Biden is not up for the job. That's not journalism, George. It's cowardice, followed by naked parti, naked partisanship. You're not fooling anyone. So now he's starring in this Broadway show. By the way, what's the matter, George? Are the Hollywood roll getting a little hard to come by as you age and get decidedly more smug and self-congratulatory?


I'm, I'm just asking, and chooses to finish this show by lecturing the audience on how journalism ought to be done. Speaking as Edward r Murrow, he warns about the ongoing struggle for truth and integrity in the media, truth and integrity about the potential for the media to be manipulated and used for propaganda. Apparently, he ends the whole thing with a, a video montage featuring as the show closes yours truly and Elon Musk doing a quote, Nazi salute. Okay, because Elon Musk and I are the dangers, George Clooney fierce, not the propaganda that was pushed on us for four years by his favorite leftist so-called journalists, that President Biden was fine.


That these were all cheap fakes We were seeing, or for the four years before that, that President Trump was a Russian asset, but propaganda that would dare to defend anything done by Donald Trump. That's all propaganda. You see, any defense of Trump is the dangerous propaganda of which he speaks. That's a violation of truth and integrity in media. By the way, one of Clooney's favorite news anchors not for nothing, is Chris Wallace, who shut down any discussion of Hunter Biden's ties to Ukraine or China at a presidential debate as entirely irrelevant and off limits. That's his f So our pal, Georgie got wind of the fact that this show mocked him for trying to lecture anyone on journalism, especially given the timeline on his own disclosures about Mr.


Biden refresher. He hosted a fundraiser for Biden on June 15th, in which Mr. Biden could barely walk or talk. His appearance was so alarming that it was in the news for two weeks after, as it was clear, he had to be escorted off stage by Barack Obama. Remember, a debate was raging in the news right then about whether Mr. Biden was fit to be president, nevermind for a second term. And Clooney said nothing, absolutely nothing. Then came the disastrous presidential debate on June 23rd, and as calls grew steadily louder for Joe Biden to drop out, but he refused.


That's when Clooney finally came out with an op-ed on July 10th admitting to some of what he had seen a month earlier. He only spoke up when he saw the Democrats electoral prospects swirling down the drain. But now he wants full credit for speaking truth to power and is even lecturing other Democrats for not doing their part. You know, some in my party weren't telling the truth, he said in an interview. In any event, I guess we heard his thin-skinned Hollywood feelings here on the show, because these big stars, they're not very good at taking criticism. You see, they're surrounded by yes men, managers, agents, PR folks who tell them that their every idea is brilliant.


Every thought of treasure, nothing but profundity coming out of George Clooney's mouth. Maybe that'll give me an invitation to one of his swanky Hollywood parties. So he and Broadway's biggest and oldest bully Patty LuPone. Remember when she screamed at a ticket holding audience member for not wearing a mask? Watch Put your mask over your nose. That's why you're in the theater. That is the rule. If you don't wanna follow the rule, get the fuck out. What do you think? You, you do not respect the people that are sitting around you salary.


You pay salary bullshit. Chris Harper pays my salary. Who do you think you're, do we have just put your mask over your nose? She's an angry woman. Very angry, like so many leftist women. So she and George get together and they start naval gazing on stage about themselves, of course, and their vaunted profession and how bad, how just terrible the media is, and had the following exchange. What we do in this is we talk about the responsibility of journalists to hold truth to power, right? That's our goal.


And so if we are doing that And we don't tell people what to think when we show that montage at the end, for instance, you see Megan Kelly, she's, who's come out and said, You know, I'm not a journalist. I didn't say I was a journalist. Neither is she, by the way, way, You know, but I'm not quite sure what she's done. I I've at least been to, You know, Darfur and Sudan and the Congo and been shot at, and to try to get stories out. You know, I'm not quite sure what she's done to be a journalist. Having said that, we only show her words in this play. We don't tell people what to think. We, it's not outta context. We don't manipulate it. We literally just go, these are your words. He actually thinks I'm objecting to something he put on his show about me.


I have no idea what you put on your show about me. I couldn't care less, sir. I was mocking you for trying to lecture journalists on how to do journalism based on your own failure to speak truth to power. That's what you, you failed. You only did it when you knew your candidate was gonna cost you up and down the ballot. And so Mr. Clooney is not quite sure what yours truly has done to be a journalist, which surprised me. Not at all. Not at all. Why would he know anything about the journalism career? I have had absolutely none of my stories held any interest for George Clooney of that. I have no doubt. You see, I've spent the past 20 years interviewing people like Suzette Kilo who owned the little pink house that got seized by her local government declaring government domain, a decision that went all the way to the US Supreme Court, like the cake baker in Colorado who didn't wanna bake a gay wedding cake because it violated his religious beliefs.


Oh, and by the way, also the gay couple, he offended people like triple and quadruple amputees back from Iraq and Afghanistan, who the Hollywood class looked down upon actually loathed, judged and treated like scum because they didn't like those wars. Not like the Ukraine war. No, not at all. What did you do to help the hundreds of men? I featured on my Fox News show year after year, George, to help find housing and help for them to help them rehabilitate their lives. I didn't see you. I see you went to DAR four. That's great. What about our guys? 'cause I never saw you at a tunnel to towers fundraiser at a gathering for our Navy Seals, and I've been to many of them.


I never saw you at any of the public appearances that I've attended where our injured soldiers are just back from war seeking a helping hand. I guess you never saw the interviews I've done of the Medal of Honors winners. They weren't very interesting to you, like Dakota Meyer. He didn't wanna hear his story about the overwhelming sacrifice he made for this country, both on the battlefield and then back home. Where had it not been for a guardian angel looking over him, he would have taken that gun. It would've had bullets in it, and he would have taken his life in a truck one day. Did you miss that one? George? You didn't make that story into a movie, did you?


No. It's been mostly Mark Wahlberg who shows any interest in our troops. I guess you never saw my interview with Detransition Chloe Cole, on what the gender cult has done to our young girls, or with Peyton McNabb after she suffered permanent nerve damage from a trans volleyball player, or with Patriot Barbie, AKA Lindsey Graham, who explained to our audience how the draconian lockdowns and intentional ruination of her business in Oregon during COV I D led to her finding herself at the US Capitol on January 6th. No, you had no interest in stories like that, that actually probed the minds of regular Americans and found out why they did the things you only had an urge to demonize in your elite Hollywood circles.


That's not the kind of fearless journalism you are talking about. I could go on George. The school and mass shootings, I've had to cover with tear stained faces all around me. The women who told me their stories of domestic abuse or sexual assault or rape, the women who accused Trump, George, you should have liked that one, and those who accused Joe Biden too, wonder if you saw that one. It also got buried by your favorite media stars. I guess these stories never made it on your radar. You were too busy in your hundred million dollar Lake Como mansion, or at one of your five other homes running about the stage, pretending to be a journalist who speaks truth to power.


Now you tell us in that soundbite, you even got shot at one time. And even that turns out to be a lie consistent with your others. You've told the story many times. You need to be more careful if you're gonna lie like this on camera. You once had a gun pulled on you by a kid in DAR four more than 20 years ago. Only now with Patty LuPone, who you accurately deduce is a moron who will never check. Did you change it to you actually got shot at That didn't happen, George. This is not the kind of truth and integrity we want in our profession. So no, it's no surprise that Clooney has not seen much of my work, not my six presidential debates, not my sit downs with Trump, Putin, Modi Netanyahu.


His world is the world of entertainment and cosplaying human rights advocate on the arm of his wife, You know, the one who followed the professional wrestler he used to date. Maybe in the next decade, he'll catch a show or two and catch on to the kind of journalism that has made this show consistently. One of, if not the top news shows in the country, over 2 billion views and news, some call relentlessly factual. George, joining me today, rich Lowry and Michael Brendan Dougherty of National Review.


You've heard about tariffs recently plus inflation supply chain disruptions. It's a lot, but there is a silver lining that most people missed. President Trump's specifically exempted gold and silver bullion from the tariff talk. The administration preserved the ability to diversify into precious metals. If you are concerned about your savings, consider a free consultation with a birch gold precious metals specialist. The first step is to Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and receive your free, no obligation info kit on gold. Learn how to hold gold and silver in a tax sheltered account. Birch Gold will help you convert an existing IRA or 401k into a gold IRA for no money out of pocket with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and thousands of thankful customers. Consider texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Again, Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to claim your free info kit right now.


Guys, great to see you. Welcome back. And is it any surprise, is it any surprise to you, rich Lowy that George Clooney has? Quote, no idea, but I've done to call myself a journalist. No, of course not. Classic Hollywood phenomenon. He plays someone in a movie or writes a movie about someone and then thinks, thinks he has great insight to what that is and maybe is kind of one himself. Clearly he says, I'm not a journalist, but, but then he said he did this journalistic thing, You know, exposing the truth. He's been to dar far and dar far. Yeah, so good, good for him, for his, his activism there. But look, he, he lied at the very least by omission about Joe Biden, right? He hosts this fundraiser in Hollywood.


Everyone sees what's happening. Everyone sees him freeze on stage. Everyone knows he has debilitated to some extent or other, and no one says anything. And when all of us pointed out who watched it with our own eyes, they said, we are making it up. I dunno whether Clooney actually said we were making it up. He certainly was fine with everyone saying that. We, we made it up and then the debate happens. They can can't deny it anymore. Then he comes out with his op-ed. Everyone knew, You know, he was not the same man that we had seen before. So for him to lecture, anyone, anyone, even someone who's doesn't have your generalistic record on what fact telling the truth is, and even if it hurts, and what being factual is, is a complete travesty.


Yeah, it's the, that's the thing. MBD as You know as well as I do that George Clooney probably consumes news mostly on M-S-N-B-C. The reason he liked Chris Wallace is because Chris started to openly lean much more left word in his interviews, et cetera. And he doesn't have any interest. George Clooney in the Suzette kilos of the world, he has zero desire to find out what the Covid lockdowns did to regular Americans and what might've driven somebody to show up at the Capitol on J six. Right? Like, those stories are beneath George Clooney, as does he feel the rest of us are. Yeah. And, and I worry that there's no core of real conviction with George Clooney.


I mean, his first major kind of political statement as an artist was a movie Three Kings that criticized George HW Bush for not finishing the job in Iraq and carrying on an invasion all the way to Baghdad years later, of course, when it was no longer in Democrats partisan interest to make an argument like that, he abandoned it like a cheap date. So like, again, there is just been a theme of raw partisanship, but dressed up as higher principle. And it just doesn't, it doesn't stand up to any scrutiny. And why, why would it, again, like we shouldn't necessarily be looking to Hollywood for any kind of guidance in politics.


And what's amazing to me is that if, if he's gonna take the time to lecture American journalists on how to do their job, that that now's the time he chooses to do it. Right. Rich, like now, now once again, democracy dies in darkness that crew's back. Yeah, right. They Went totally silent during the four years of Joe Biden. And it's not like he didn't do things to excess. It's not like he didn't, I ignore our laws. It's not like he didn't, You know, open the southern border, You know, like all those things. He had absolutely no interest in lecturing the press right, on how to do their job. Even though they went, they went totally silent during those years. It's only now that trump's back in office that he feels the need to remind us of our responsibility to truth and integrity.


Yeah, there are a lot of things that are shrouded in darkness. One, the president's condition, which we talked about, we're still learning more about what people in the inside knew by the day and saw and, and did. Yeah. By, by the day, the border, again, these, these were things that were out in the open. So the, the operation to hide them to not succeed. 'cause people could see with their own eyes, but they didn't acknowledge that again, until late in 2024, the middle of 2024, they finally realized, oh, this is gonna get Donald Trump elected. We should try to do something about it. And then just the insanity of the, the trans stuff. And there's some cracks there. They're just cracks, right? It's, it seems, it's brave in the democratic context for Gavin Newsom to say, oh yeah, there's a fairness issue for male if a male plays in a female sport. But they, they tried to hide all that.


They tried to gaslight us all, all on that. They said we were hateful, retrograde, purveyors of disinformation, all the rest. But the public could see the truth, which was a, a big reason that Donald Trump won last November Last, You know, like most of these Hollywood people, MBD, he doesn't have a grip on the facts and he hasn't, but he's spoken out about many news stories in an effort to sway public opinion. And, and probably the one that comes to mind next after Biden was the Breonna Taylor case down in Kentucky where he's from. So he came out after these officers executed a so-called no-knock warrant, though they did knock. And they went into the facility, this, this apartment, and this woman, Breonna Taylor was shot and killed as they had a shootout with her boyfriend who was in the hallway and shot first at cops.


Her boyfriend shot first at cops who had announced themselves. In any event, he spoke out about it and said her name was Breonna Taylor. And she was shot to death in her bed by three white police officers, which wasn't true. Breonna Taylor was not asleep in her bed. She got up too and came out in the hallway and was standing next to her boyfriend, Kenneth Walker, as the officers announced their presence knocked six times and then resorted to a forced entry. This guy Walker admitted that he fired the first shot and he hit, he hit an officer in the femur. The guy almost bled to death. Her ex-boyfriend was up to his neck in drug deals. And she was seen on tape with this guy going to re retrieve packages with him going to a trap house and so on.


The media wants you to believe she was squeaky clean. George Clooney wanted us to believe she was, she had absolutely no connection to anyone or anything nefarious. And that while she was asleep, completely innocent in her bed, three white cops just executed her because she's black. That was the implication. Very clear. He was wrong on the facts, he was wrong on the implications. But that's what the Hollywood knee jerk reaction is to news like that. And this guy now feels the need to lecture us about truth and integrity in reporting the facts. Right? And, and remember, like, this is a guy who, who jumped on the story because he's from Kentucky, when was the last time he was in Kentucky? This is a man who spends his time on Lake Como.


Yes. And in Los Angeles. And while he was in Lake come in Los Angeles, there was a huge news story that he, he could have shone some light on about Harvey Weinstein. Where was George? Well, he says, oh, well, we knew Harvey liked girls, but we didn't know anything wrong was happening. Well, what, what was that? I mean, at least, You know, Matt Damon and Ben Affleck made like a penitent film, You know, set in the middle ages about sexual assault. George Clooney just sidestepped the whole thing as if he didn't know anything about Harvey Weinstein or about the casting couch culture in Hollywood. And that's a story he actually could have shown some light on.


And yet he goes on, You know, the Academy Awards and congratulates himself and Hollywood for quote, being out of touch with the rest of the country and being ahead of things like, You know, civil rights or gay rights, et cetera. I, I, it just, You know, there's no real record of substance there from him where it would've counted it. Again, it is just, he, he has, You know, he is a filmmaker, he has a taste for story. And so the, the narrative of what, You know, he thinks should have happened in Kentucky fills his mind. And then he knows better than the cops what the standard operating procedure should be.


I mean, it's a joke, Right? Without do doing any, You know, homework to look into it. Of course, the, the subject of Kentucky came up with this loudmouth Patty LuPone, and he had to mention the confederate flags. Like that's the first thing that came to his mind in discussing his home state, is the confederate flags that he sees when he goes back to visit his parents in Kentucky. Nice. That's yes, because that's what Kentucky's all about. When you think Kentucky, you think Confederate flag and the Confederacy, I mean, that's his mindset. I really do believe this guy's, obviously, his, his career is waning, his biggest days are behind him. I'm convinced he married this Amal Clooney just because he wanted to make himself seem like a more serious person.


So he found some human rights lawyer that would legitimize him. 'cause I guess he didn't feel that way with the professional wrestler and now parades around Hollywood. Like he's some sort of dignitary, like he's had some ambassador work under his belt. It's, it's not true. You actually have to study. I'm glad he went to Darfur. I'm glad he went to Sudan. But I mean, the, the fact is George Clooney must not know anything if he doesn't know that I'm a journalist. I mean, truly, like, not to toot my own horn, but like, I think literally anybody who watches the news regularly in America would know that and would have some idea of some of the highlights because they have gone everywhere in certain instances. So this is George just being, I only watch CNN or Ms, I'm above it all.


But I am in a position to lecture you lowly American losers, especially the maga folks on, on what you need to be a good informed person. So good luck with that and your crappy play. Okay, moving on to other items in the news. Let's talk about Pete Hegseth, who is in day whatever of an ongoing firestorm. It's been building for a while, but it's getting, You know, I don't know if it's at its apex now or if we're about to get to the apex, but it's, it's climbing where he fired these alleged leakers. He accused these three guys, I mean, You know, the Pentagon and Pete signed off of it, these three guys at the Pentagon of, of leaking material that would've included top secret information to NBC news about attack plans in Panama and said, we've gotten our guys, we feel satisfied, we're gonna continue our investigation, but You know, I'm satisfied.


These, these are the people involved. They've all denied it. And then, I mean, got was the subject of a barrage of bad press every day thereafter that happened on Friday. It had this guy over in the comms shop who I guess they really didn't love and he didn't wanna be number two in the shop. And I guess that's all it was available to him. In any event, he left, he wrote a scathing piece and Politico, which is not exactly where right wingers run, Don Don Jr. Disavowed that guy and said, he's not part of our movement, don't believe this guy. And then the other two, or the other three, at least one of them sat down with Tucker Carlson and said, this isn't about my alleged leaking, which I didn't do. This is about my position on Iran and being more dovish.


The other two haven't really spoken out, I think other than deny that they're leakers. And now the narrative is building like everywhere because there's not like a strong MAGA media, You know, online and the digital lane. You've got MAGA supporters, but there's not like a publication like the Journal or The Post or The Times that's pro-Trump where You can kind of go to hear the, the MAGA defense. So you've got the journal ripping on him this morning. I listened to this podcast. Sometimes I listen to a Potomac watch, which is the journal editorial. Oh yeah. Board people, right? Yeah. It's Paul ripped him to shreds, right? Chaos, chaos, chaos. And it's just really too much chaos. So he has to go, which to me seems like, well, you can't fire somebody because of chaos.


We have to see if the chaos is real and what caused the chaos, and then determine whether that's on him. Right. In any event, you can see him twisting so far, Trump is saying that he's standing behind him, but for how long remains a fair question, MBD your thoughts on it. Well, I mean, I'll be totally frank. I actually know one of the, the fired people involved, Dan Caldwell, the one who was on Tucker Carlson. I've known him for about six or seven years. I find the idea that he would leak to liberal press absolutely preposterous. And I would, I would stake quite a bet that he did not leak to NBC at all.


And that he, and certainly that he didn't leak classified information. And I believe him when he says he didn't. There are, You know, there are reports today in Politico, there was a, a long report saying that there was actually less ideology than meets the eye in this internal knife fight. That in fact, it was fueled by jealousy from another Hegseth chief of staff, Joe Casper, who has, which has Been moved outta that post. Right? He was the one who supposedly in initiated the investigation that led to the firing of those three staffers. And then he is now being pushed into a new role.


Why I I hasn't been, I think adequately. I, I mean, I can report that he's not the decision maker, however I can tell you that, Right? I, and well, of course he shouldn't. The buck stops with Heif. So Heif was obviously convinced that these three people did something wrong. I I know Dan Caldwell to be a, a very loyal person who believes he becomes more effective by serving his boss well and then being handed more responsibility. And that's kind of marked his career. And, and I, I would stand by his reputation. I don't know, Colin was, was another one of these people fired? I don't know him well, and another one, Snick.


I doesn't seem to have politics at all as far as I can tell. No political record. He just has a record of reform in veterans affairs that I think was very strong during the first Trump administration and which, And we know IMiD, it could be that like one of these guys is the suspected leaker and the other two have shrapnel wounds. You know, like, I, I have no idea, but you, you're right, I haven't been able to determine like, what did the other two have to do with it? Caldwell seems to be the face of it. And I'm not sure what the relation I, it sounds like these three knew each other and were friendly and were friendly with Pete too, which is to your point about this might be about, or might have at least started with some sort of internal personality clashes or power struggles, Right?


I mean, these three were, I I have definitely been in same networks together and networks together with veterans networks together that Pete Hegseth was a part of before he became head of the DOD. So people who were not privileged in that way may have, may have been jealous of their influence, even if there was no, You know, political content to that jealousy. At the same time, there are politics to this, and it, it is interesting to see that there are people now rallying to Pete's side this week who three or four weeks ago were saying that what he did on the signal chat was worth resigning over.


Let me ask you that. Is that, is that more NeoCon people? Because it's very interesting to watch the factions. 'cause Caldwell goes on with Tucker and says, what's, what really was behind my termination is I am dovish on Iran, do not think we should be bombing Iran through Israel or any other way. And, and, and now you have people who would like us to bomber Ron, like, is Pete so bad? Because they're like, they're deducing, maybe Pete's right on the opposite side. Well, I think, I think there's fear that who, if Pete Hegseth goes, who replaces him? You know, it could be someone already in the Department of Defense, someone like Elbridge Kolby who has said like, oh, we can contain Iran, Ukraine is a tertiary issue.


We need to focus on China. You know, that, that would be seen as a bigger threat. And, and, and Kby is a, You know, established kind of old school Republican hand. You know, he is sort of like out of central casting from, You know, the 1950s through seventies and, and know, knows where the bodies are buried. He'd be, he could be very effective. Whereas people may think Pete Hegseth, You know, is not totally in the camp of the Restrainers and not totally in the camp of the Hawks, but, You know, wants to serve his, his president and, and You know, the president himself is not hyper ideological on these questions.


You know, the, the president is willing to strike Iran is willing, You know, to take out Soleimani is willing to bomb them and has said that Iran can bomb the can't have a, yeah, Iran can't have a nuclear weapon and he's willing to, You know, make the ground shake in, in order to bring that up con, You know, bring that fact into existence. So, You know, it, it, it's very conseque. The, the, the person who leads the Department of Defense is extremely consequential. And so it's not a surprise that there's intense rivalry. I mean, this is the, the biggest human organization on the planet.


You know, what you'd like to see is for HEGs if to he, for Hegseth to succeed. And Dan Caldwell said he wants HEGs to succeed on the Tucker Carlson Show. I think Hexes has to assert, You know, a very firm chain of command at which he's at the top. There are no more rival risk factions below him that any rivalries that exist exist to serve him and to serve the president, right? To, to get the best advice, to get the best to diversity of perspectives perspective ahead of a major decision. And not to have this kind of knife fighting. Because I mean, it seems to me like a lot of people who have been fired that can make a good contribution to our national security.


And I think, I think it's a shame We just don't know what they know. You know, if, if some evidence comes out that they actually were funneling top secret information to NNBC news, they'd have to be fired. Like, I have no idea whether that that's coming. Of course. But there, that would, of course, I'm just saying for example, that would be a no-brainer And we don't know. But it certainly appears that some faction of these four, that comms guy Elliot is his last name, or these three accused, but denying that they are leakers, are, are leaking to the press right now because Pete's on the other end of a battering ramp since they got fired on Friday. It's like the New York Times had a long hit piece. Politicals had repeated hit pieces.


NPR is reporting that they're looking for a new Pentagon chief, but that's one anonymous source. And NPR r is not exactly known for its Trump world exclusive. So I don't know. Yeah, George, George Clooney might be more plugged in than NPR. Yeah, seriously. So it was like, if I saw that from like Fox News, I'd pay attention, but yeah, I don't, until, I don't really know about the NPR sourcing there. Wanna play this for you, rich Vice President Vance weighed in on Hegseth just this morning. Here's what he said. Look, I have a hundred percent confidence in the secretary. I know the president does. And really the entire team does it. It's one of the most bizarre things about the Hegseth nomination from the very beginning. The media seemed to want to tank it, and when they failed and they got confirmed, they decided they wanted to keep on that effort to destroy Pete Hegseth as a man, as the Secretary of Defense.


I think he's doing a great job. I think that he's brought a certain spirit back to the Department of Defense. And if you look at our military recruitment numbers, that's in, in my, in my view, the best testament to his leadership in the military is that for the first time in a very long time, we don't have terrible recruitment problems in the army, the Navy, and the Air Force. That's a great testament to his leadership. And I wish, frankly, the press talked more about that and not about anonymous sourcing from random staffers. Are there any, The recruiting numbers are good. They're, they're very good, rich, but yeah, look, you and I both know that, they always say they're standing behind the person until they Yeah. It's, it's never, it's never 80% support, right? It's always a hundred percent. So it's like almost meaningless to play those soundbites in all, in all fairness.


But at least publicly Monday and Tuesday now, or I guess Monday and Wednesday, we've had direct sound bites from the president and vice president saying they are fully behind Pete. Yeah. So you're right in what you said at the top of this segment. You got this dynamic going in the media. Were there headlines about chaos at the Pentagon? And there are headlines about headlines about chaos at the Pentagon, right? So, so they, they want to create this phenomenon, and, and very often it, it works. It's not gonna work with, with Trump. I wouldn't expect him to be dumped over this anytime soon. But what's disturbing, and it relates to what JD said, right? Because JD went, went right to Pete's strength, right? Inspirational figure. More recruiting people want to go and be in that organization that he is gonna devote to war fighting when people wanna sign up for the military, that's why they wanna do it, right?


So everyone who's in favor of his nomination said he's a change Agent J of energy, better recruiting, great communicator, all that's true. But no one said he's a great administrator and we're extremely confident he can run the Pentagon. And what's disturbing about this, it'd be one thing if the, the building just randomly the establishment were shooting at him, and I'm sure, sure it is. But the, this was a, a war, an ugly war for power and influence among his people, his loyalists That he brought in, People he brought in to help him run the building. So I still still think the big question is now some, some people have, You know, Rocky starts to, when they have take major steps and responsibility like this, and they figure it out, they learn from it, and it, it evens out.


But there is a question, a bigger question. Now whether he'll be able to run the building and the this thing about the signal chat, You know, who, who knows? We, we haven't seen the, You know, a journalist wasn't CC'd on that, so we haven't actually seen them, but it just feels to me, when you're roping in your wife, You know, your brother, your lawyer, you are someone who feels embattled, doesn't know who to trust, and you're going down to, to this core of the very most loyal people you have. And, and that's just, you're not gonna be able to run the building that way. Right? He needs, he needs some big chief of staff who can really do this job. That's probably not within his current circle of trust, but he has to develop trust with, and this just isn't easy, You know, a lot of people aren't managers, and this is a huge managerial job.


So I don't think he's gonna get ousted for this. I would expect them to continue to support him, but I think there are concerns whether he can figure this out. And he, he needs to start figuring it out because it's, it's a big job and everyone should want him to succeed. I mean, I'll say this MBD, he, this second signal text chain was reportedly with Pete, with his brother and his lawyer, both of whom are Pentagon employees now, and his wife who's not, and some other collection, and I don't know who they are, okay? It's, I'm told that what's on there was declassified like that. They, he, he didn't share any classified information. But let me say this, where was this leftist freak out when Joe Biden had Jill Biden at cabinet meetings sitting at the resolute desk with his chair, his jacket on the back of her chair.


She shepherded him, him around to every official function. We have no idea whether she was secretly our president, but she absolutely was at cabinet meetings. They, they didn't care at all. No. And, and not only that, her a, her close aide was also responsible for guarding the president from staff and from other cabinet members. From the reporting we've seen, we saw that after the debate. Hunter Biden then came in and started performing that role, right? And, and there was no, there was no, You know, sign of outrage. This was just a family coming together to help, You know, help their man in distress. And he Loves his son good. He loves his son bd.


You know, You know, one interesting possibility brought up, You know, one, one thing I think people could look out for in the following days is, are the leaks still coming? And so, and are they coming from, from within? They're going to the Pentagon, right? My words, okay, So if they, they're not done, if They are, if they are, could it be really be these three guys? I mean, if, if they're leaking stuff that's actively in the Pentagon. And secondly, Caldwell pointed to the Defense policy board, which is not really a well-known institution, but it's this, this is something that is filled with Biden era appointments like Susan Rice, Michelle Flournoy, Michael Hanlin of Brookings, lots of Biden Air people are still on it.


They haven't met since the Trump administration has taken office. But they all have security clearances, they all have access to career employees in the Department of Defense. And, You know, that is not an unreasonable place to look for leaks when you're talking, when this, the news outlets are NBC and Politico, I Don't think, I don't think Susan Rice and Michelle Flournoy are gonna be on the defense advisory board for much longer. Trump, as we all know, has had his hands full, but I'm, I'm gonna make a bold prediction that they shouldn't get too comfortable in their seats. Go ahead, rich. What were you gonna say? Yeah, I was gonna say, when this first broke, and they're, they're basically frog marched outta the building. I thought they, they had to have receipts.


There's, there's no way this happened without serious receipts. But then Caldwell's denial is so categorical with Tucker, as you pointed out. I think yesterday, Megan, You know, there's some legal jeopardy here. So usually if you have exposure, you're not, you're not going and talking about it at length with a high profile interviewer. The way he, he did. And then hex Seth and his interview on Fox and friend with Brian kill me. And I thought Brian did a great job. He said something that made my ears perked up. He said, You know, and they were, others around them might have been leaking. So wait a minute. So was it, was it them And we know it's them and that's why they're removed and fired? Or is it someone around them? And who, who are those people? So, so the big question March was Whoever it was, like, if, if it was one of one of these guys, or if it was somebody else that leaked that story to NBC news with, I mean actual, that the Pentagon had been asked to draw up attack plans for Panama is going to jail, that that person's going to prison.


I have no idea who it's, but forget like the leak that Elon Musk came to the Pentagon and got a briefing. Forget all the other stuff like that, that report whoever leaked to the NBC news reporter is probably going to jail. So I do believe that in any Department of Defense, they would get to the bottom of who did that. It shouldn't be too difficult. You know, there are lots of ways to find leakers. It's just a question of whether they will, and I guess what cooperation they're gonna get from their suspects, whether it goes beyond these three. I wanna play a soundbite of Pete on Fox and Friends yesterday. Listen here, I mean, I've gotten a fraction of what President Trump got in that first term. What he's endured is superhuman.


It's not hard for me to do this job. I know exactly why I'm here. To bring war fighting and the war fighting ethos back to the Pentagon to rip out the insidious ideologies and not compromise and not back down. To bring in new press voices into the Pentagon, which we've done to reestablish standards and accountability to not tolerate leakers, to treat a hundred percent operational control of our border, to get rid of trans lunacy in the military. We haven't backed down. See, here's the thing, a lot of people come to Washington and they just play the game. And it's, you punch their ticket and get along to go along and, You know, start doing, meet the press and, and go into the council on foreign relations and spending time with all the new cocktail Dr.


Sipping crowd. That's not why I'm here. I'm here because President Trump asked me to bring war fighting back to the Pentagon every single day. Right? That is our focus. And if people don't like it, they can come after me. No worries. I'm standing right here. The war fighters are behind us. Our enemies know they're on notice. Our allies know we're behind them. And that in this dangerous world for the American people is what it's all about. Alright? I'm just gonna be honest. I don't think that was that great. The first half was solid and right on. And then it seemed to me he, he was a little nervous. He struck me as nervous, which you don't normally see with Pete and certainly somebody who's on TV as often as Pete has been.


And so this is totally my speculation, but it made me feel like, not that they have him on the ropes exactly, rich, but I I feel like he knows he's embattled. Yeah. Like the voice going up and like getting super defensive toward the end. Yeah. That to me, more than anything else, telegraph. Like he's, he might be a little worried here. Yeah. So look great communicator, no doubt about it. Great communicator. Yeah. There, there's a reason he was on tv, but a little overly defensive, a little excitable, kind of jumping around a little bit there. There's some people giving the advice. Don't do any more media for the time being, but I just, his, his survival there and his success, which is more important.


You know, Pete Hef doesn't matter in the scheme of things. You, you want him actually to, to make our force more, more lethal and lean and mean and, and all that depends on running the building. And it's just, it's really hard coming in as a change agent, one of these big agencies. It's really, really hard. Very few people actually succeed in it. But he, he, he needs, he needs some help in that regard. And the, this first, the first team of, of, of people he brought in that he thought were loyalists may maybe weren't obviously is not in. So he is gonna have a, a second buy of the apple. But we, we should, we, should we, we should hope he, he has some serious administrators that gonna run the place for him. Yeah, I, I have to say like still totally rooting for him. I think he probably will survive this unless there's other, some other big shoe to drop.


Like we had leaks. There was an investigation. They tell us they found the leakers. Those guys deny it. But that's what the Pentagon says that they are. And then a, a barrage of negative press accounts about Pete hit the news. I don't think that makes a fireable defense secretary not in Trump world. I don't, I think Trump's gonna understand what's happening right now. And if now if there's ongoing problems, if, if this becomes chronic and it's just like a distraction, then he'll turf him. 'cause he's not afraid of firing people. But I don't think we're there yet. I just wait to see what else I, I do believe other negative press will be coming and we'll see what it is and how it's handled. I mean, so weird to be getting your Trump updates in Politico and the New York Times.


I mean, it's just ridiculous. Who are, who are these people who turns to them? Okay. Anyway, moving on. Did you catch the Larry David piece? Obviously on Bill Maher? This is a couple days old now, but I, we haven't talked about it on the, on the show and it's just amazing. So he pens a piece in the New York Times and op-ed called my Dinner with Adolf. It comes on the heels of Mars dinner with Trump. He doesn't name Mar. It's very clearly about Mar in part it reads, imagine my surprise, when in the spring of 1939, a letter arrived at my house inviting me to dinner at the old Chancellery with the world's most reviled man, Adolf Hitler. I had been a vocal critic of his on the radio from the beginning, pretty much predicting everything he was going to do on the road to dictatorship.


No one I knew encouraged me to go, he's Hitler, he's a monster in quote. But eventually I concluded that hate gets us nowhere. I knew he couldn't change his views, but we need to talk to the other side, even if it has invaded and annexed other countries and committed unspeakable crimes against humanity, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. I joke that I was surprised to see him in a tan suit because if he wore that out, it would be perceived as fure. Like that amused him to no end. And I realized I'd never seen him laugh before. Suddenly he seemed so human here. I was prepared to meet Hitler. The one I'd seen in, heard the public Hitler. But this private Hitler was a completely different animal. And oddly enough, this one seemed more authentic.


Like this was the real Hitler. The whole thing had my head spinning. Two hours later, the dinner was over and the furor escorted me to the door. I'm so glad to have met you. I hope I'm no longer the monster you thought I was. I must say mind furor. I'm so thankful I came. Although we disagree on many issues, it doesn't mean that we have to hate each other. And with that, I gave him a Nazi salute and walked out into the night. This is unbelievable, Michael. Unbelievable. So, I mean, I'm gonna let you remember when you weren't supposed to use Hitler to make your points, You know, but okay, I guess we're past that. Your thoughts on it. I mean, what I, I have to say, I'm surprised Larry David has appeared on Saturday Night Live with Trump and like making a joke, like where he shouts Trump's a racist and like an, like an annoying liberal lefty from Hollywood would, and it seemed to be he was self-deprecating on this point.


And in, in fact, one, one of his an, there's an, a very funny episode of a show Kir Your Enthusiasm, where he decides that wearing a MAGA hat is a perfect way of getting outta awkward social obligations in Hollywood. And also He wants also where he goes into a Holocaust museum and steals the shoes that are on display Holocaust victims. 'cause he, he needs new shoes. Like he's been Yeah, irreverent. Yeah, certainly when it comes to the Holocaust, and obviously Trump Very irreverent and, and irreverent too. I mean, You know, arguably, like, there was an, there was an episode of a show where he came to discover that his, You know, descendants were not C-O-H-E-N cone, but CONE cone.


And like the episode was basically like an anti-Semitic tract of him discovering that he was like, of Christian parentage. And then he became like a nicer, kinder, gentler, braver, more volunteeristic person. I mean, so I always thought of Larry David as someone who, You know, stood aside from liberal pieties in Hollywood and in fact made fun of them. And then I, so I was actually just shocked that he, You know, that was, didn't You hear about his fight with Alan Dershowitz? Alan Dershowitz has been railing about Larry David for calling him out for defending Trump in the first impeachment trial for years Now, You know, Alan, he holds a grudge and he, So he, yeah, he, he basically screamed at Alan in a Martha's vineyard like seven 11 Yeah.


For doing this. He's not a tolerant guy. I don't know Rich to me very well. Like, it's, it really is amazing that he wrote this and that the times printed this Yeah. That they always go to Hitler. It's so, it's so boring, it's so conventional, but they can't help themselves there. There's nothing that Trump has in common with Hitler, right? He's a thoroughly American figure runs through this populist tradition going through Andrew Jackson, Huey Long George Wallace. Not the racism of George Wallace, but the, an anti elitism. And there are things to like and really dislike about that tradition. That's all fair game. But they, they gotta go to, to Hitler. And look, bill Maher did the right thing, right? Donald Trump, like it or not, is at the center of our national life.


Bill Maher is a hugely consequential commentator who talks about Donald Trump all the time. He should know as much as he reasonably can about Donald Trump. And as Winston Churchill used to say, there's not, there's nothing like being there, going yourself and seeing yourself. And he learned things about Donald Trump, right? And they didn't accord with his worldview. And unlike George Clooney until the last moment with Joe Biden, he admits it and will admit the attention and say he actually learned something and he is gonna share it with his viewers, which is the honest, factual thing to do. And the fact is, Donald Trump in person, he's a professional host in part, So he can be extremely gracious. He's a great one-on-one politician, which accounts for a lot of his hold on the Republican party, which you might miss unless You know them.


That about him. And now Bill Maher knows it. He went and found out which was the right thing to do. And, and Larry David digs in saying basically, but you met with Hitler, we don't wanna hear about the softer side of Hitler. That's really what he is saying here, without it ever even occurring to him. What if what's happening is he's not Hitler. And Bill Maher is starting to realize that like, might there be secret option number two, stay with me here, Larry, that Trump actually doesn't annex countries and hasn't killed 6 million people and might actually be somebody who could really help the country out.


I said it. He can't, that he's too far gone. The TDS is too advanced. It's a stage five TDS situation. I'm sorry, but, oh well. Okay. Standby, rich and MBD, stay with me. Quick break first.


Okay, so you're thinking about what? To get that person who has everything, that annoying person who is going to get it from you. Maybe you are that annoying person who has everything and you just happen to appreciate the finer things. Well, if you want something really special, I have got the answer for you. And I'm not kidding around hot salt. Not any hot salt. Okay. Exquisite, savory heat. Now you're interested. So let me tell you about Firecracker Farm. It's a wonderful little family company that makes these amazing products. Hot salt, a delightful spice infused sea salt to be specific. It has the perfect amount of heat and amazing flavor that makes everything taste better. Words getting out and people are loving it. They almost ran out the last time we did the ad over the Christmas season. They're like, people couldn't get it. So get there while it gets good. That is because it's made with love. Everyone wants it. They can feel it, they can taste it. It's a small batch family operation. So supplies are limited, as I mentioned. Comes in sleek stainless steel push grinders. Plus you can take 'em anywhere when you run out. They have refills. A little too spicy for you. Toughen enough? No, you just mix it in with some regular sea salt to tame the heat. But you'll not need to. It's blended to perfection. Honestly. It's the best thing that happened to food since fire. That's the truth. What are you waiting for? Go to Firecracker Farm right now. Use the code MK at checkout that we'll get you a special discount. Firecracker Farm Code, mk. Get some hot salt before it's all gone. You'll thank me.


Under Biden Americans, cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


You know, what did Hitler do in the Holocaust? He took people from Germany to other countries. Yeah. Where There was no German law. There was not even a pretense in German law. They took him to Poland or You know, you hungry or whatever, and they killed him. And so when you see what's happening right now with this El Salvador and Gulag, I mean this Sea Cot Gulag, he's basically taking a page outta that playbook. You think? Well, What gets him outta the country? Okay, that's more Hitler talk from Chris Matthews and Jim Acosta. Welcome back to the Megan Kelly show back with you now. Rich Lowry and MBD Michael, Brendan Dougherty of National Review. Become an NR Plus member today to get all of their content.


I love NR Plus. I don't agree with everything they write, but I love them all, all, all except for one. And that I'll keep it anyway. It's No one on this show. Okay? So yeah, more Hitler s talk this time about the El Salvador in prison. That's why he's doing it because he is gonna ship them overseas and kill them. That I heard that phrase come out. He, they don't point out that most of the people who have been shipped there so far are El Salvadorian. And if not, they're Venezuelan gang members who we could put in prisons here too. And by the way, any illegal who gets arrested and You know, has to face deportation and a hearing has to go to jail.


That's what, that's what we're supposed to be doing. We, we haven't been under Joe Biden, but you're supposed to hold 'em. Unfortunately, you're only allowed to hold 'em for 90 days, and then you gotta let 'em roam and then they're never seen from again. But what Trump is doing is saying, you, these are people who have been deported. We believe that the vast majority of these people, if not all these people, have already been deported, like ordered, removed. They had their due process and now he's doing exactly that. Now, what's gonna happen to them after a year in this prison? I don't know, because, You know, you can't hold them forever. But I haven't seen any assurances. That's not the plan. I'm not sure, rich, but where do you stand on, on the El Salvador in prison and in general on what Trump's doing with the immigration reform?


Yeah, so this is my latest hot take on, on this. Make one. The politics are just terrible for Democrats, right? Because if, if you say, I'm advocating, they have so little credibility on, on immigration. If you say, I'm advocating for a legal immigrant who may have beaten his wife, probably did be his wife, maybe a member member of MS 13. But it's all about due process. A lot of the public's just gonna hear, oh, you're advocating for a legal immigrant who may have beaten, his wife may be a member of MS 13. So, so this is, this is not a good, good issue for them. But I think like substantively in terms of where we are in deportations, it's the, the whole alien enemies thing is, is a blind alley. Let's say the administration succeeds legally, which seems, seems unlikely, but all, all the TDA members go to that prison in El Salvador.


Okay, great. We still have 18 million illegal immigrants here. And so far there, there are a couple things that need to happen to really deal with that. Many people pointed out, you've pointed out, the problem is they come in here without any due process, right? And then once they're here, there's all this procedures and it's so hard to get 'em out. So one, you need, you need Congress, we need more ICE officers, we need more detention space. And during the campaign, they were talking about massive tent cities to house people. Where's that? Well, you need Congress to fund it. And then you need reform of the asylum system, which is an outrage, which was abused by this guy, Abrego Garcia, not technically asylum or withholding a removal, but it was basically the same thing. It was absurd. You know, he, he, his family suffered from gang violence. They weren't persecuted in El Salvador, and the business that was being extorted had closed at the time.


He got this withholding of removal. So the occasion for this extortion that he was complaining about was no longer there. And then the gang got crushed, right? So there was, there's no fear whatsoever, and he was still living free in this country. So he need to change all that. But also, I think it's from the power of the Trump administration now to do work site raid, and that it's understandable. They're going after the worst of the worst there. You do that for some substantive reasons. Obviously you do it for the politics, but you gotta, I'm making up the numbers. You gotta send like 15 ice agents to get one guy, because he might be a threat, he might shoot at you, right? You need a lot of robust presence, work site raids. You send five ice agents to a meat packing plant in Iowa, and you get 150 guys and you deport 'em, and then you find the hell out of that meat packing plant.


And then what happens is every other meat pack packing plant in Iowa says, we don't wanna be fined. They go to their legal employees. Sorry guys, You know, you can't work here anymore. And then you, you might have some of those legal employees saying, You know what? I don't wanna be deported that I don't wanna be held in in detention. I'll go home on my own. And, and the biggest thing we need, which is I've been shocked for 10 years that Donald Trump doesn't talk about this. He is very ambiguous on this issue. You need a so-called E-Verify system that's a foolproof system where you just can't hire people who are illegal aliens that dries up all the jobs. And then you might have, You know, millions of people saying, we don't wanna be here anymore, so we're, we're just not gonna be able to cherry pick our way through 18 million people and work through this process and really move the numbers.


You need those kind of things to make a big difference in my mind. No, we're not MBD one, one interesting fact, rich mentioned that Abrego Garcia, he's the one, MS 13 and accused wife beater, and he's the one, Chris Van Holland went over there to meet with and was photographed with, with the margaritas in front of them. And he, oh, it's a set up. Oh, You know, they set me up. Well, if you're too dumb not to understand propaganda, too bad on you. In any event, here he was in 2017, Chris Van Hollen, this, the Heritage Foundation tweet tweeted this out And we verified it. It's real. This is 2017, Chris Van Hollen shame on President Trump for tearing apart hard, hardworking immigrant families. We should be focused on MS 13, not scholarship winners. How times have changed.


Now he's dancing the waltz with a guy and sipping the margaritas or, So it would appear Well at, at first, I mean, the first move of Democrats right? Was to deny that he was part of MS 13 and try to make him into Father of the Year. I mean, it was, yes. I I mean, it's, it's pathetic. I do think I, I actually disagree with Rich a little bit. I actually think this is giving Democrats a little bit of juice, at least among their base. I mean, I'm seeing all over social media, like hysterical conspiracy theories that like, this is a test run. They're gonna do this to Right. You know, a deportable alien first, and then they're gonna start doing it to America. Yeah. Ra Rachel Maddow will be next.


Yeah. Right? Yeah, exactly. And, and so I do think it is, I, I think it's actually the first time since Trump has been inaugurated that Democrats have been able to focus on one story and bring sustained attention to it. I, I, I, again, I agree with Richard, it probably doesn't work with independence and it certainly doesn't work with Republicans, but among motivating the base is what Democrats have to do to start rebuilding their party, getting fundraising up. And I think that's what's what they're doing. And, You know, El Salvador officials are very cagey in, in getting Bra Garcia to be dressed up in, You know, civilian clothes, not looking like, You know, like he's coming out of Dau or something like that.


He looks like he almost looked like he was at a resort with the, with the cup in front of him. It was, it was A little bit of, yeah, with the plaid summer colors, the, the button down shirt. Yeah. I, more and more we're hearing this and Trump made some comment about like, You know, we've, it was like a reference to possible American criminals being sent to this prison, and that the left, of course, that just fed right into their belief that yeah, Rachel Maddow's gonna go, he's just gonna start deporting people he doesn't like, he wasn't talking about deporting Americans, he was talking about prison space and like, it'd be great if we could house some of our worst prisoners in a place like this, so we didn't have to worry about them.


But this keeps getting brought up by the left is like proof he wants to ship Americans, You know, law abiding Americans or any other kind of Americans, You know, without due process to El Salvador. Here's Simone Sanders to the point you just made on M-S-N-B-C MBD. The realistic way in which democracies die is that it's dismantled brick by brick piece by piece. That is why Kmar Abrego Garcia's specific case, the case of the gentleman who's a makeup artist out of California who was also sent to that prison. That is why the, the, the more, the 75% of the folks who have been sent, the men who have been sent there that don't have criminal records, that is why this is so important, because if they could do it to them, if we, if they could snatch students off the street without any pushback or recourse, they will do it to any of us.


To be very clear, it's gonna be the people of color and vulnerable communities that are, are next step. That's the, that Is the only proper response. Rich Lowry, thank you for knowing exactly what to say. Yeah, of, of course. I, I think this, this Megan though, it does go to a contradiction on, on the one hand, illegal immigrants that they, they should be detained un until their proceedings are fully worked out and, and they're removed. That's what the law says. And we just never done it. No one's done it. A Brio Garcia was released during the first Trump administration. He should have been held. They all should be held, but we need more detention space to do that. But if the argument is, well this in El Salvador is just basically detention space like in America, then you're gonna get the courts will saying, well, well, okay, you have effectively have control over, over all these prisoners.


So if we're telling you to, to bring them back, it's not a foreign policy issue. It's just a, a US detention space like any other just happens to be overseas. So again, I just don't, I don't, I, they, they're straining at every possible, looking for every possible avenue they can to, to hopscotch procedural obstacles to get the numbers of deportations up, right? Because we had 10 million come in or whatever it was the last four years, and they gotta go and they, they should go, I just don't think they're gonna prevail on this one. What's crazy, Michael, is that you've now got, You know, you had the Supreme Court weigh in twice so far on the Alien Enemies Act, which is Trump's best tool he thinks toward getting these people outta here and getting them out fast.


And the first one was, hmm, this statute is reviewable, but only in a small part. And the second was, and, and to say, if you wanna bring a challenge under it, you have to file a habeas proceeding, meaning an objection to whether you qualify as like an actual gang member under his order in the jurisdiction where you're being held. So, You know, not in front of DC Judge Boberg, but in that case it was in Texas where they had the deportes. And then secondly, they just waited in on Friday night to say, stop all deportations under the Alien, alien Enemies act until we can figure out what's going on. Which was very sweeping seven to two Alito went off the next day and not a good ruling for Trump, but not a permanent this, that's like, just stop until we can address this case on the merits and it's working its way up.


But what you got in the meantime was this decision from this Judge Sweeney, judge Charlotte Sweeney, a Biden appointee who just ruled that she's, first of all, she's certified a putative class, meaning she's given the initial blessing for this whole thing to be on a class action track for all alien enemies act deportees to be part of a class. Anne said they have to get at least 21 days notice before you can remove them. So she said the Supreme Court didn't say how much due process is enough. But according to this judge, we have to, for 21 days, we gotta let these people stick around.


This is the worst of the worst. Can you imagine what's gonna happen when we get to the ones who aren't additional criminals? I mean, it's, it is preposterous. I mean, the idea that you're going to have ice roll up and give this 21 day notice, which is like, you have three weeks to disappear from here and find a cousin in another state to stay with until we lose you again. I, I mean, it's utterly ridiculous. It's, it's basically lawless, You know, I understand, You know, some, I understand a little bit why some Democrats and, and, and some judges are alarmed by the, this, the use of this act, You know, whether it's really proper to consider illegal immigrants, You know, part of a, a hostile invasion, You know, in, in the laws of war.


I, I understand that reticence, but you can't just make up law like you out out of nowhere and invent judicial process from nothing. But we've seen this over and over again, this judicial brinkmanship under Trump that is absolutely destabilizing to self-government. And You know, it, it's not a surprise that you're getting a lot of, You know, MAGA Republicans getting radicalized about the judiciary and saying, You know, we need to, You know, in the words of JD Vance, like the courts issued its warning, I'll let the court enforce it and just ignore the judicial branch.


I don't, I don't think Donald Trump wants to go that far, but boy, that ruling really is tempting, is tempting. Yes. Test case. Here's what she said. The government must provide both petitioners in this case, this is out of Colorado District Court and the provisionally certified class of individuals, they seek to represent meaning all deportees under the Alien Enemies Act, with a 21 day notice to the individual detained pursuant to the act. So anybody who's gonna be de deported pursuant to the Alien Enemies Act and Trump's proclamation to get a 21 day notice must state the government intends to remove the individual pursuant to the act. And the proclamation must provide notice of a right to seek judicial review must inform the individuals that they may consult an attorney regarding their detainment.


And the government's intent to remove them must be written in a language that the individual understands. I mean, these are people who literally crossed our southern border, illegally committed crimes against American citizens when they got here, in some cases, resisted Tom Holman when he tried to arrest them. And now, I mean, this is unbelievable. Each one gets 21 day notice and hearing what's next, like court app appointed counsel. So we're paying for their defense and all the way through to the US Supreme Court, each one of these guys is gonna appeal up to the US Supreme Court on the worst. This is why, this is why we really are headed for a show down here, rich, where if we get more rulings like we got from our Colorado friend, Charlotte Sweeney, a Biden appointee, who hasn't done anything in her very short career to distinguish herself as a foreign policy expert or an immigration expert, but now thinks she's co-president, is really, they're tempting, they're begging Trump to ignore them.


Yeah. So on the procedures, this is why we should do many more expedited removals. My understanding the statute, you can do an expedited removal. It's basically no process. It's kind of a common sense thing. They come here illegally, you turn 'em back around and, and they go home. Right? That's, that's what most people think. Yeah. Wait, but, but, but here's the one exception. Here's the one exception. So Trump expanded expedited removal to go beyond just the southern border in the initial encounter. But if they claim asylum, then you do have to give them an asylum hearing. Yeah. The, the, yeah, the, the, these, the, the broken and insane and lunatic asylum process is a huge element of this immigration crisis we've experienced over the last 10 years or So. It needs to be drastically reformed. And perhaps my friend, mark Korian, the Center for Immigration Studies, makes a very compelling case.


We shouldn't do it at all. You know, we can have a certain number of refugees there in our country, in some other country, And we decide to admit 'em. But the whole process of someone getting here and then starting this huge procedural process, that means they'll stay right. That's how many, that's how it's worked in the, in the past. That's why they're coming. That's why they say these certain things that they, they think are magic words that get them to stay. That that's gotta, that's gotta end. But you need, need Congress to do it. On, on this thing, the, the, the El Salvador prison, I think there are a couple reasons administrations dug in. One, they don't like to admit mistakes. I do think Abrego Garcia, clearly deportable alien could have been deported anywhere else. I think it should come home and be deported to Panama immediately and, and accord with the, the, the lawful process.


But one, they, they don't like admitting error. Two, they want this power right. To, to be able to do this in an expedited manner. Three, as we were discussing earlier, I know MBD disagrees a little bit. They think it's good politics. And four, if, if, if I hope they don't do this, they, they should do this. In my mind, if they're gonna defy a court on something, this thing is set up perfectly for that purpose. Right? Supreme Court says, bring him back and you say, it's Nelson Salvador. Make us, you go get him. Yeah. Right? You go get 'em To the point you were just making. Here's Tom Holman on Fox today. So four, Here's what they're doing, bill, here's the plan. The Biden administration overwhelmed the system. 10.5 million people came to the border, they know it's gonna take years to get through the court docket.


By then they're hoping there's another Democratic administration in, they'll have US citizen children. Then all of a sudden nobody wants 'em removed. We're spoiling their plans to have future democratic voters. And, and during, through a census have control of the house to sue census vote Democratic sanctuary cities get more seats in the house. This is their plan to the immigration court to appeal after appeal, after appeal, district judge, district judge to slow us down because their hopes is they'll gain power again. Then they can warn amnesty to 10 million illegal, illegal aliens that released in this country illegally. That is your plan. And we're trying to remove these public safety threats, national security threats as quick as possible. Mm. You know, on that, that same front MBD, as I mentioned, the Supreme Court stopped the deportations under the Alien Enemies Act on Friday night.


At one in the morning, they stopped them. So when's our hearing? When, when is this resuming? When are we gonna know what Trump can do? The commander in chief, the duly elected president of the United States, and, and Mike Davis, very smart lawyer with the Article three project, just tweeted out the following, dear Commanding General John Roberts, when does the president of the United States have your permission to resume his military operation to deport the most dangerous terrorists in the Western Hemisphere? Or do you want the president to ship them to the Chevy Chase Country Club? I mean, now we're talking, I mean, he's exactly right. I mean, when do we get our president back? Right? I I mean that's the, the Supreme Court effectively absconded with the presidency until further notice.


Yeah. And, And we only have Justice Alito standing up. It's insane. And yes, there are limits, right? You know, You can say that the court order says, oh, You know, we want the president to effectuate bringing back Garcia from El Salvador, but facilitate, but he belongs in El Facilitate. Yeah, he belongs in El Salvador, Not, not a fiction. And there are, he, he, he, he belongs in El Salvador. And there are limits. I mean, it's not like the Supreme Court can say, You know, send the Navy and, and, and launch an, an amphibious invasion and then go rescue him. Gimme a break. I mean, this is, this is making up law.


I mean, the, the, the president has an ability to negotiate with other heads of other sovereign heads of states if it, and to proceed and carry out lawful actions. And once he does, there are consequences to that, that aren't reversible and aren't justiciable. So, You know, this is, this is going too far and the Supreme Court, I better get out of this by the end of this week, because otherwise it, it is going to be tempting another huge confrontation with the president. And in, in most cases, when they sit down to rule, they look at, at the Constitution, they look at Article One and Article two, and they decide, You know what?


The president really has authority over executive actions, and Congress really has authority over the law, and there's nothing we can, You know, do about it. And there's no lacuna to hide in. Here is another thing. Speaking of the Supreme Court, you guys probably saw this case went up yesterday involving Maryland parents, who, it's a group of Muslims, Christians and Jews, who said, we've had it with your weird hypersexual, L-G-B-T-Q propaganda being shoved into our children's curriculum in the pre-K through five years.


pre-K. And I didn't watch the argument yet, but most court observers who I trust, think the parents are gonna win this. Which it would be amazing. It will be a very historic ruling if they do the restoration of parental rights. Another, another thing Trump ran on, by the way, and this could be a ruling that could have far ranging implications. Here's a sample of how it went. This is the attorney for the schools, Montgomery County Schools, his name's Alan Schoenfeld, getting the business from Trump Appointee Justice Neil Gorsuch. They're being used in, in English language instruction at age three, Some of them. So Pride Puppy was the book that was used for the pre-kindergarten curriculum that's no longer in the curriculum.


That's the one where they are supposed to look for the leather and things and bondage, things like that. Right. It's not bondage, it's a woman and a leather, A sex worker. Right? No, No. That's not correct. No, I I thought, I, gosh, I I I read it. Drag queen and drag queen, drag queen and drag queen. Correct. The leather that they're pointing to is a woman in a leather jacket, and one of the words is drag queen in the search. And they're supposed to look for those. It is an option at the end of the book. Correct? Yeah. Okay. They're going down and it's going to be a glorious thing, rich, when they do go down. Oh, yeah, vomitus, God bless these parents for standing up. It's not, not always easy to do this. You know, the Montgomery County, what one of their arguments was, we can't have an opt out because so many parents will opt out.


Well, maybe that's a Sign, right? Yes. Said became unruly. Yeah, yeah. What does that Tell you? Maybe that's a sign. The public school, it should be consensus, boring, conventional educational matter. That's it. You know, college. Yeah. You know, take, take your courses on controversial literary theory or, or critical theory or whatever, but not in grade school. And they, I I think they, they will prevail. They should prevail. The argument that was made from the progressive side from the bench is that this isn't coercion, it's just exposing the children to this material. But that's part of the point, right? These parents don't want their children exposed Tory puppy, right. And searching for leather outfits in a, a book for second graders or whatever it is.


It is correct. Absurd. The only case you can make for having this stuff in the classroom is that you're gonna have an optout. You shouldn't even have it then. But to not have an optout is totally sustainable. Wrong. A travesty won't stand. That's all, that's all they're asking for is an optout, all this coalition of parents, they're, they're not saying you have to remove it from the curriculum. They're saying, we just want an optout. And by the way, where are all the Muslim advocates? Where's Rashida tb? This is a group. The name ISTs are Muslim. A lot of Muslims in this community saying this is totally not kosher with great point. I guess kosher is the wrong word, but they're not okay with our religion in, in promoting this stuff. Not one of the representatives is out there. You just, it's all about Palestine for her.


She won't, she won't advocate for them. We'll give another one. Here's Justice Kagan. Even Kagan, who, You know, I think technically she's straight. Eh, we, we talked about this at the time anyway, but even Kagan seemed a bit taken aback by this going out to the very, very young kids. It's sought 18 I too was struck by these are, You know, young kids, picture books and on matters concerning sexuality. I suspect there are a lot of non-religious parents who weren't all that thrilled about this. But I guess I'm searching for what in your legal arguments would allow us to draw lines in this area?


We Think there are lines that can be drawn there. The same lines that this court has drawn in every other free exercise case. And the burden of a plaintiff has to show that its beliefs are religious, that they are sincere. They have, there has to be a sense, substantial infringement and or burden or pressure. I'm, I'm really searching for something and I can, I know that you realize that and you're still not giving me anything other than if it's in a school and a sincere religious parent has an objection. That objection is always going to result in an opt-out. That's of course, no matter how what, no matter what the instruction is like, no matter what the materials are, no matter how old the kids are.


And that's the rule that schools everywhere in the country are, are, are working under right now. Justice Alito too also noted that this case involves extremely young children, as young as five, noting that as kids become older, they're better able to make distinctions about what a teacher's presenting. But when they're that young, it's a very different story. It's really up to adults to filter out what's inappropriate for them. Michael, I, I don't, I don't, I I don't think this is gonna be one of those cases where Roberts goes soft need or Amy Cody Barrett goes soft need. I think it's looking like a six to three decision from what I've read so far. I think you're right. I mean, ideally, not only that, ideally Gorsuch within Runback back and try to rewrite Bostock decision because this is actually a downward consequence of that decision.


This is him reaping what he sowed so many years ago, which is basically that he, he's, he said that if you read the 1964 Civil Rights Act with the same squinted Episcopal eyes that he brought to the case that transgender people have civil rights as, as transgender identity. And of course the schools in the United States would then follow up with a curriculum to foster respect for the most minority of sexual minorities. Of course, this is the downward effect of that. And he should repent. Like we should get sackcloth and ashes out, out besides the, the, the judicial garb.


No, I don't think it's gonna be close. But there's also a kind of, You know, problem in our ruling about religious freedoms in this is that you have to prove that there's a sincere religious belief. Like is it really a religious belief that men are men and women are women? It's So true. I mean, I suppose it is. I suppose it is. I mean, someone, You know, we could have a, a school of people come along and say, listen, You know, technically when you sit on a chair, there actually is an exchange of molecules between the chair and your, your, your physical body. Therefore, there's no distinction between the two. And I can throw you out of a window just as easily as I throw the chair out of a window, and then I have to come and say, well, my Christian faith teaches me that in fact, a person is a person and a chair is a chair.


I mean, give a break. Do we have, have anything common underlying our law? Or can any fool theory come out of an academic department and lead to us introducing four year olds to leather daddies and, and drag me? Gimme a break. So well said. Yeah, the books are nuts. There's What are your words? One character in the book says, my pronouns are like the weather. They change depending on how I feel. Somebody says, sometimes I use all the pronouns. I can think of another book, prince and Knight Grades K through five, A Young Prince and a Night Fall in Love after battling a dragon together.


I mean, okay, just like when we were kids, right? I mean, like, yeah, they battle the dragon and then they, they hop in bed together. That's not how the story ends. Born Ready, A mother tells a story of her transgender son, Penelope again, K through five. Another book called Love Violet, about a same sex crush between classmates. Uncle Bobby's wedding, where a niece is concerned about her uncle who's engaged to another man, won't spend time with her anymore. Look, I'm just gonna end with this. One of the other news sources that George Clooney loves is 60 Minutes, and let me just show you as I say goodbye. How 60 Minutes when they had Moms for Liberty on who's been objecting to these kinds of books in our curriculum, K through 12 education.


This is how the vaunted 60 Minutes, George handled it. There are rogue teachers in America's classrooms right now, Rogue teachers, Rogue teachers, parents send their children to school to be educated, not indoctrinated into ideology. What ideology are they being indoctrinated into? Let's just say children in America cannot read. They often dodged questions with talking points. You're being Eva, 21% Hispanic students are reading Being what ideology are the children being indoctrinated into? What is your fear? I think parents' fears are, are realized. They're, they're looking at these books where sexual discussions are happening with their children at younger and younger ages.


Let's Tiffany Justice read from sexually explicit books written for older teens, but found in a few lower schools. Most people wouldn't want them in a lower school, but in a tactic of outrage, politics, moms for Liberty takes a kernel of truth. And concludes these examples are not rare mistakes, but a plot to sexualize children. Unbelievable. Now, the, it's gotten so bad, and it was when they sat with him two years ago, that this case has gone all the way up to the US Supreme Court and not a party is arguing.


It isn't happening. It was not an outrage politics measure. It is not a rare mistake. It's policy that they're openly fighting for and fighting to prevent opt-outs from Scott and George. So pay attention to some better news sources because that one failed. Mighty unbelievable. It's not rich. It's incredible That that clip, it's so telling 'cause that that is the, what they used to call the voice of God, right? That was Walter Cronkite. That was when there were three broadcast networks and nothing else, and they were just telling you the truth. You know, and you just, you sat down for 30 minutes and you had to believe every word they say.


He, he's, he's his DNA is right from there. That's in his line of authority. And he has, he has the voice, he has the look, but it's just so obviously stilted and ridiculous and wrong. And so, so that, that's why that that whole mode of media is not as influential as it was and, and never will be again. Yeah. Well said guys. Great to see you. Thanks for coming. See you. Thank You. Megan. I got a programming tip for you, by the way. Recommendation. I think you need to do an afternoon update too. So, so you're doing morning show and afternoon, so you're literally just broadcasting all during the day, right? Just, just go do the full thing, right? Don't, don't hang back, Abigail. Fine. And just screamed from, from the next room.


Oh my Gosh. We can't, We're up to here. But the AM update is doing really well, so people are, I bet it's enjoying it, so we do it. Yeah. Anyway, great to see you guys. Thanks For having us. Okay, up next, Dr. Dale Bredesen with the latest on how You can prevent Alzheimer's. Yes, it's preventable. Just ask him.


These days it feels like nothing surprises us anymore, but not in a good way. The headlines are heavy, the future feels uncertain, and so much is out of our control. But one thing you can take control of right now is your family's financial future with life insurance through Select Quote. Whether you need 500,000 or 50 million in coverage, Select Quote makes it easy to find the right policy for your unique needs. They have helped over 2 million people find more than 700 billion in coverage since 1985. And they do it fast, often in as little as 15 minutes. Other life insurance brokers might push generic overpriced plans, but select quotes, licensed agents work for you, not the insurance companies. Even if you have a preexisting condition like high blood pressure or diabetes, Select Quote partners with carriers who can still offer coverage. And if you're healthy, you could get same day coverage with no medical exam required. So don't wait for another. What if consider taking a step to secure your peace of mind. Get the right life insurance for YOU for LESS at Select Quote dot com slash megan. That's Select Quote dot com slash megan. MEYN Select Quote, they shop yousaf.


Hi everyone, this is former White House Pres secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now, some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid.


Did You know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it, cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid. Under Biden. American's cost of living, skyrocketed. Food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans.


It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the ME Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Did You know that a couple of years ago, researchers from Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association released the following stats? They did a long study and the authors affirmed that while the vast majority ca of cases of Alzheimer's are found in Americans over the age of 65, between 2013 and 2017, they found a 143% increase in diagnoses for those between 55 and 64, a 311% increase in diagnoses of Alzheimer's for those between 45 and 54, and a 373% increase in diagnoses for those between 30 and 44.


So listen up. You need to know what you can do to stave off Alzheimer's. And my next guess a medical doctor says you can. He's been on the show before. His name is Dr. Dale Bredesen. I respect him immensely. And he's back with a new book called The Ageless Brain, how to Sharpen and Protect Your Mind for a Lifetime. Dale, welcome back to the show. Wonderful to see you. Those stats are really alarming. So is it a gr, is it, is it actually a growing problem or we're just getting better at diagnosing? It's a growing problem. When I was, when I was training many years ago, we never saw people in their forties, fifties.


This was a disease of your late sixties, seventies, eighties, nineties. Now, one of the most common things we see is people who are in their forties or fifties who are getting diagnosed with Alzheimer's. So yes, we're getting a little better at diagnosing it. For sure there are new blood tests, et cetera, but there's no question it is on the increase in these young groups. Okay, we've talked before about some of the preventative measures, and I wanna go back over some of them now, but I'm gonna lead, yeah, with the most controversial, but maybe promising. You tell me, can Ozempic help stave off Alzheimer's and dementia? It is possible. That's one of the many things, You know, we're hearing from RFK about all these different things. One of the issues is what are we doing about metabolism?


We, we do not have an optima, as You know. We do not have an optimal metabolism in most people in this country. Too much high carb food, too much ultra processed food, and a lot of damage, frankly, to our metabolic systems. And so this is one of the possibilities. And there are other things as well. There are things you can do to avoid that. But improving your insulin sensitivity, of course, what ozempic will do will increase your endogenous insulin as well. The problem of course, is that there are some side effects, And we don't yet know the long-term effects of using GLP ones. What effect on Alzheimer's do statins have? Because I have been hearing all sorts of info about Yeah, they're good.


No, they're bad. Yeah, it's a great point because they're both, that's the problem. So they have one effect, which is to reduce the overall inflammation. And as I pointed out in the book, and which as You know, this book is really about saving synapses for all of us. You know, in the US we, whether you live to 80, 90, a hundred, 110, of course people are trying to push that up far to 1 40, 1 60, whatever it is. Your lifespan, unfortunately, is not met often by your brain span. So you get to 40 or 50 or 60 and things just collapse as You know. And so as you, as you indicated, more young people having a problem. So, so this is a a time in which the, You know, you've gotta look at what are these different drivers and whether, so what'll happen with the statins?


Yes, you lower the inflammation, which by the way, you can do with other things. You don't need statins to do that. But you also lower the support for the brain, you lower the cholesterol. And to be fair, you make some in the brain as well. But if you use a statin, if you have to do that, And we recommend you do other things first, there are things like Zetia and bergamot and just changing your diet and exercise. A lot of things you can do before you ever need statins. And there are also things beyond PCSK nine inhibitors can be even better than this. But if you're gonna use a statin, use one that would be called a hydrophilic statin. That would be like a Crestor instead of one that is a hydrophobic statin, which would be like a Lipitor.


Let's go through again, the book is called The Ageless Brain by Dr. Dale Bredesen, who I completely respect and support the diet. I mean, diet, exercise, supplements and toxins I think are like the big categories. I've heard you say dairy is not great. Now dairy, like you're saying, like Greek yogurt every day is not good for preventing Alzheimer's. 'cause that's, it's like so good for doing so many other things for you. Yeah, it's a great point. And for some people it'll be okay. But here's the problem. When you have a, any sort of dairy can produce some degree of inflammation. So if you've got someone who already has some to degree of cognitive decline, or if you're trying to optimize your brain span, then you want to take that into account.


You want to get rid of grains, which can damage your lining of your gut. You wanna get rid of dairy. And it's not to say you can't slowly reintroduce it in the future, but you have to remember when you see someone who's beginning to have some cognitive decline, only one of two things will happen. Either you will help them to improve, and we've published that re many times, or they will die. They will dev go on to develop Alzheimer's disease and pass away. So we wanna do everything possible. We wanna pull out, You know, all the stops to get the optimal reversal of cognitive decline. And we were the first to publish that back in 2014.


And so that does, we wanna do everything possible. That includes getting rid of some grains, that includes getting rid of dairy and includes getting rid of simple carbs. And then you wanna have a plant rich, mildly ketogenic diet. You wanna have appropriate exercise, as you said, and just go right down the list, managing stress, optimizing sleep. These are things that people aren't doing. When I ask people, You know, how, how much did you sleep last night? What did your wearable show for your sleep? They don't know. So you wanna have at least seven hours of sleep at night. You wanna have at least an hour and a half of REM each night. You wanna have at least one hour of deep sleep each night, and you wanna have an oxygen concentration saturation in your blood of at least 94% while you're sleeping.


So many people don't have that. So they are getting, this is why the brains span in America does not equal the lifespan in America. And that's something that clearly can be improved. By the way, folks, this can all show up. I have an aura ring on here. They're not paying me. I paid for this. But all that information Dale just mentioned is, comes to me every morning on this aura ring. You can get a Fitbit, You can get an Apple watch, but all that stuff is very easy to get your arms around to find on exercise there. It's a certain kind of exercise. It's not like I've been told that the best aerobic exercise for somebody trying to stave off Alzheimer's includes at least a couple times a week interval training. It's a, yeah, it's a great point. So there's so much now for all of these things that we know that we didn't know even just a few years ago.


So as you said, hit this, this high intensity interval training has turned out to be the one that seems to be the most effective at reducing your risk for cognitive decline. But then beyond that, there are things like katsu bans. These are restriction bans that you can put on your arms and your legs. And what they do is they actually give you more bang for your buck. Because what happens, Megan, is you get different mechanisms. So when you do strength training, you are improving your insulin sensitivity, which is critical for your brain and critical for preventing cognitive decline of Alzheimer's disease. On the other hand, when you do the aerobic training, you are improving blood flow and oxygenation. This is one of the reasons something called e watt is so helpful, which is exercise with oxygen therapy.


E watt gives you better blood flow and better oxygenation at the same time. So many people find this very helpful. So there's a lot of new understanding about what works the best and what are things that are available to get best outcomes in that area. This is all in the book. You'll, you can learn more about that oxygen therapy. It sounds kind of fun to like be on the treadmill with your little mask on. I'll do it if it'll help my brain. Again, the book you go is The Ageless Brain, Dr. Bredesen, of course, also the author of the End of Alzheimer's and many amazing great books. Okay, so a little bit of sleep. We talked about that, A little bit of diet exercise. Yep. Now the detoxification of one's life Yeah.


Is very important. It just took a nice step forward today with RFKJ banning some of the food dies. Not all of them, but he got it the first eight. It's a start. Nobody's even been paying attention to this stuff. But what are the big ones? So the, yeah, so the, the big three are things that are inorganics, and that would be things like air pollution, we know is a huge issue. And that's been published repeatedly as increasing risk for Alzheimer's disease here in California. The California fires big issue also. Things like mercury, amalgams, things like that. So those are all under the inorganics. Then these, the organics, and that's things like anesthetic agents. People have these long anesthetic procedures and then start to go downhill after that.


So you need to detox from that. Things like benzene, toluene, glyphosate, all of those are in the organic group. And then finally, the biotoxin group, and again, this is something that hasn't even been recognized, hasn't been talked about nearly enough. There are biotoxins that we live with, things like trichothecenes and okra, toxin A and these are things that are typically made by different mold species. And as You know, Megan, one of the ones that's been talked about a lot lately on the organic part is microplastics. There, there is increasing evidence that, number one, we're all exposed to these things. They're in the air, they're in the water, they're in the food, and things like that.


What we know now is that they concentrate in your brain. We are all exposed to an ingesting on average, one credit card worth of microplastics each week. So the, the increase in our exposure has been dramatic, unfortunately, as I mentioned. How do we get those outta of our, I mean, like I talk about air pollution and microplastics in the air, how, just like a, an air filter? Yeah. So there are a couple of things. So air filters, things like HEPA filters for your home, very helpful. In addition, you can now undergo things like plasma exchange. Plasmapheresis will reduce this by about 70% dramatic reductions.


Wow. In these, whether you do through plasmapheresis, you can also do it through things like sauna and sweating, followed by showers with non-toxic soaps. So there are lots of ways to get at this, increasing your glutathione level. You can take things like NAC and acetyl cyte or s acetyl glutathione, any of these sorts of things. Some people will actually go and get IVs with glutathione in them. Something called the PK protocol could be very helpful. So on and on and on. There are things that can be done, but as you said, you've gotta recognize this. You've gotta, you've gotta know that we are exposed to this And we now know that they do concentrate in the brain more than the liver, more than the kidney, And we know that they're associated, your level of microplastics is associated with your risk for cognitive decline.


What's not clear yet is whether these are causal or simply in effect. It may be that as you're getting dementia, you allow them into your brain more. That's not been clear yet. So the, the concern at the moment is that these probably are part of the overall causation of risk for cognitive decline. You gotta have your house te tested for mold and not the air test, the, the like Swiffer test where you let the dust build up for two weeks. You, you wipe the dust, you send the dust rag in. It's the air test is not worth the paper it's printed on. I went through this personally. We just went through a very expensive renovation of our beach home because it was riddled with mold riddled.


Yeah, I learned that from the last time, the first time you came on in 2022. Yeah, but I mean now we've resolved that. Then there's Lyme disease, which a lot of people openly have, and sometimes just like a latent form of it, you can clean that up. The point is that many people don't wanna know, doc. Like, they're like, yeah, if I get it, I'm gonna get it. But what you've been saying for so many years now is there really are things you can do to stave it off. And if you would just pay attention now before you're symptomatic, or when you just maybe have a couple of symptoms, you really can potentially turn this aircraft carrier around. Absolutely. And in fact, we're rapidly getting to a point where we are able to make sure that nobody gets this.


So here's the big problem, Megan. The, the current standard of care in medicine is, has got the biggest gap in history between what is being done with the standard of care and what is actually possible and available. You know, you just mentioned today that you had your, your home renovated because it was full of mold. Who's doing that? Not very many people are doing that. There is so much that this gap is what we hope is going to be addressed by the new administration. You know, when you hear RFK talk about peptides, about bioidentical hormones, about stem cells, about all of these things that have not been the standard of care.


What's available today is far more than what is being utilized and our health is suffering for it. So people need to know that Dr. Bredesen does not need the money from this book. He's been doing very well. He's in high demand, but he's refreshed this book and put it out there. I mean, it's a new book, but he's refreshed his teachings from the end of Alzheimer's and it's available right now. All this stuff is in the book. It's called The Ageless Brain. I have it. I highly, highly recommend it. It's an easy read. He writes in a way that you can consume and digest, and then it's a reference for you. If you wanna figure out what, what's a plasma exchange, what's PK protocol all in there? And I am, I know I speak for many when I say I'm so grateful to you. Dr.


Bredesen, thank you so much for writing the book and coming on and talking to us. Thank you, Megan. Great to talk to you as always. Oh, the one and only, I mean, everybody loves him. You know, Dr. Mark Hyman was on. He loves Dr. Bresson. They all, there's like everyone else. And then there's Dr. Bressen when it comes on to the subject of preventing Alzheimer's. The book again is The Ageless Brain, how to sharpen and Protect Your Mind for a Lifetime. We're back tomorrow with Glenn Greenwald. We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear Under Biden American's.


Cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.