
For Mervis Diamond Importers, this is Ronnie Mervis. In a sea of ordinary engagement rings, KO stands out. KO rings feature hidden, intricate details because your ring should be as extraordinary as your love, not mass produced, never generic, always personal, crafted with passion in every meticulous detail. ko, no boring rings. Why settle for the same ring as everybody else? And. When You pair the unmatched beauty of a world famous Mervis diamond with your koi engagement ring, it says even more Mervis means more diamonds, better quality. And the most valued. With easy Mervis financing, You can get her Dream Diamond Now. Don't wait to shop our mouthwatering Mervis Diamonds And, the largest selection of Tacori bridal jewelry in the Tri-state area. Visit us in store or go online to mervis diamonds.com or call for an appointment at 800 her love. Again, that's mervis diamond.com or 800 her love mervis Diamond importers your official to Corey Jeweler.


Do You ever watch tv? And think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right with rewards on sling. Watching 30 Minutes of TV daily gives You chances to win up to $10,000 in cash. And other monthly prizes Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to get rewarded for watching TV Sling. Lets You do That. Visit sling.com to learn more And Get started. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm Megyn Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly. Show And. Our Thursday am special episode. And, I'm excited about this one. We gotta talk about CBS. They're having a week over there.


Being able to run your business on your schedule is not just a luxury, it's a necessity. If mailing items like legal documents, checks, or marketing materials takes up a lot of your time. stamps.com is the time saver. You need cut down, hours spent mailing And shipping with stamps.com. And, do it all on your own timeline from small businesses to multi-location organizations stamps.com handles all your mailing And Shipping needs, wherever, whenever. Take care of mailing And, shipping, wherever You are, even on the go with the stamps.com address. All You need is a computer. And a printer. That's all You need. They even send You a free scale easily. Schedule package pickups through your stamps.com dashboard And automatically see the cheapest And fastest shipping options from different carriers. Get rates You can't find anywhere else. Like up to 89% off USPS. And UPS order supplies, And, even printers from the supply store. When You run low, sign up@stamps.com. And enter code MK for a special offer. That includes a four week trial plus free postage And, a free digital scale, no long-term commitments or contracts. That's stamps.com code MK.


We brought You the story last week about CCB S host Tony deco's, challenging Interview with author ta Nehisi Coates, who's one of those pillars of the liberal elite That. You're supposed to only praise And. Never, ever question. While there have been some crazy updates to the story this week, And, before We get to That, we've gotta talk about what happened with the 60 Minutes Interview. That We went through in great detail on Tuesday. It turns out We should have been even more attentive to what 60 had done to That Interview. It was very obviously edited But We didn't quite put it together. That They had edited the answer They put out as their tease on Sunday And Monday.


By the time the piece aired on Monday night, And, it was a pretty shocking scrubbing of a word salad answer by Kamala Harris. So here's what I think happened. They put out this Q And a just like a quick Q And. A about whether or not Netanyahu's listening to us And They included in their tease her word salad answer, or at least part of it. And They, because they're liberals don't see her answers as word salady. They're like, yeah, that's our girl. Look at her. She's saying Tough things. And And. No one realized That.


This was gonna make her look bad because They would not have released it this way. Had They done, That had They realized That. Well then the internet went crazy over this clip because she sounds terrible for this audience. It's the common terribleness. It's the stuff you've heard a million times. She's so wordy. She takes 50 words to say what just be said in five. It's the typical annoying Kamala Harris stuff. So by the time They aired the Interview and full on Monday night, They had cleaned up the answer. They had pulled a much shorter, tighter But still inane phrase from a different part of her answer.


And They whitewashed the word SLA salad. And sort of got rid of all the word salad. And boiled it down to like one green pepper. It was no longer a salad. It was just one green pepper. That, You. just understand, And eat easily. So there is a Twitter account. Maize more That. Put together the answer That. CBS put out as part of its tease. Next to the answer, That aired in the actual 60 Minutes piece. And the You know the The toss is about Netanyahu. Watch But. it seems That Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening.


Well, bill, the work That We have done has resulted in a number of movements in That region by Israel That. Were very much prompted by, or a result of many things, including our advocacy for what needs to happen in the region. But, it seems That Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. We are not gonna stop pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where We stand on the need for this war to end. Oh. My God, I mean You. See what They did. Don't You. It's so nakedly partisan.


And desperate to save her That. First answer is just classic Kamala Harris, isn't it? The, the work That We have done has resulted in movements. What I'm already lost, even the answer she gave was somewhat classic. Kamala But. The the first one was beyond And. So this is, this is CBS running cover for Kamala Harris. I'm amazed They had the guts to do it given That. They had released the tease. Normally you'd have a discussion behind closed doors saying, Now, we've gotta live with it. We. Put it out as the teases. Guys, we're gonna get hit. If We, clean it up. And try to make her look better.


We've already released the real answer. But, nobody did. That And Now We know But I mean like That. That first na answer. The work That We have done has resulted in a number of movements. What already, right? Right. By Israel That we're very much prompted by, or a result of many things, including our advocacy for what needs to happen in the region. My God, it's so bad. It's particularly bad. I mean at least 10 clauses in there, in what should have been a one clause answer. So they're getting hit by That But only by the right online And.


It's kind of a fun story to enjoy. So Now, the other controversy is the meltdown that's happening inside this very unbiased, truly journalistic outlet when it comes to this Interview. We discussed last week on the CBS morning show, which is hosted by three people. Gail King, And, two other guys, including the guy we're about to show You. Tony Koal, whose na last name I didn't even know until this And. Some other guy whose name I still Dunno. So They had on Anahi see Coats, right? He's like a Kendi type They all love him on the left.


If You criticize him. You're gonna get it because he must be praised because he literally wrote the case for reparations And. He really, really, really wants people like the two white guys on the set to be paying reparations to people like him. Notwithstanding the fact That They may not have been here, their ancestors may not have been here when any of the slavery went down. None of that's I irrelevant to people like Ta, Nehisi, Coates, Tanah, Hassi, whatever. So he wrote this book. He decided to meander over into the Israeli Palestinian conflict. 'cause what We really needed was his take. You'll be shocked to learn. He reduced it to skin color.


Shocked to learn. It's about colonialism for him. So We wrote this piece, which he has absolutely no knowledge of or expertise in this region. Who would have the hubris to try to write a book on this region? That. That's a Johnny come lately to it. I. That's just so absurd. But. He's so used to universal praise. He is like Sure. I'll put this in perspective for You. It's about Israel being the bad guy. Bye Now. I'll sell You know number one on the bestseller list. I'll for Sure, I'll make the times. So he put That out. He admits it's an entirely one-sided view of the conflict. He admits it. So he shows up in the CVS morning show.


And. We showed You some of this before But. I'm gonna show it to You just to set up what's since happened. So You can see what has caused an all out meltdown inside of CBS news involving the very top executives involving Sherry Redstone, the owner of CBS Viacom. It's not done. N Now. We've gotten a very unfortunate update in it today involving the anchor himself. I'm gonna walk You through it. But, here is the thing. That set it all off In the original exchange in part between coats, And, this anchor, Tony And it have to say, when I, when I read the book, I Imagine If I took your name out of it, took away the awards.


And the acclaim, took the cover off the book. The publishing house goes away. The content of That section would not be outta place in the backpack of an extremist. Why leave out That? Israel deals with terror groups. That wanna eliminate it. Why not detail anything over the first And, the second Ada, the cafe bombings, the bus bombings the little kids, blown to bits. And. Is it because You just don't believe That Israel in any condition has a right to exist? Well, I would say the perspective That You just outlined. There is no shortage of That perspective in American media. I have asked repeatedly in my interviews whether there is a single network, mainstream organization in America with a Palestinian American Bureau chief or correspondent who actually has a voice to articulate their part of the world.


I've been a reporter for 20 years. The reporters of those who believe more sympathetically about Israel, And it's right to exist. Don't have a problem getting their voice out. It's what I struggle with throughout this book. What is it? That. So particularly offends You about the existence of a Jewish state. That is a Jewish safe place. And not any of the other states out there. There's nothing. That offends me about a Jewish state. I'm offended by the idea of states built on ethno. No matter where They are, I'm the child of people. That were born into a country where That was exactly the case of American apartheid. I walk over there, And it, walk through the occupied territories, And it, walk down the street. And, Hein And. A guy says to me, I can't walk down the street unless I profess my religion.


Religion. I'm with. Hold on. No, no, no, no, no. I want go. This is very, very I important. It is important. It's extremely important. Lemme lay it down. I'm working with the person. That is guiding me is a Palestinian whose father, whose grandfather, And grandmother was born in this town. And it, have more freedom to walk than he does And. Why is That? Why is That Okay? Why is That? Why? Why is there no agency in this book for the Palestinians? They. They exist in your narrative merely as victims of the Israelis as though They were not offered peace at any juncture as though They don't have a stake in this as well. What is their role in the lack of I have a very, very, very, very moral compass about this. And. Again, perhaps it's because of my ancestry. Either apartheid is right or it's wrong.


It's, it's, it's really, really simple. He's got a very, very, very moral compass about this. What I mean. What Tony to Copal was trying to do was to say there's another side of the story. There's a reason the Palestinians rights are somewhat abridged inside of Israel. There's a history there. You see of them attacking Israel over And, over And, over even the peaceful civilians who tried to give them jobs, who tried to drive their kids to doctors for them who tried to have a peaceful existence living next to them only to get bombed over And. Over And over again. That's what he was trying to say. And coats saw it a different way.


Fine. What this anchor was trying to do was offer the other side of the story. That's what led to the meltdown, because that's not allowed. And, I'm telling You If, it hadn't been Tanah Hei Coates If. It hadn't been this revered black writer who is like a kendi type to these leftists who are inside these media organizations. They would not be having the meltdown. They would see exactly what had happened there. But You know for these leftists race colors, everything it does, it colors everything. It's like the rose colored glasses only. It doesn't make them see things in and more rosy way. It makes them see a very dark, sad world in which we're all reduced to skin color.


And any white who questions somebody who is black in anything approaching a confrontational manner is bad. Remember white chicks for Kamala? God forbid You. Think about correcting a person of color. That woman was nuts. But, she speaks for these leftists. That's how They see these, these exchanges And. It's playing out right? Now inside of CBS. You'd think a news organization would understand. That's nonsense. This is what We do for a living. That's not what happened. So on Monday, this happened like a week or so ago. On Monday, ten seven, the the one year mark after the worst terrorist attack in Israel, Monday, ten seven CBS decided to hold an all hands on deck staff meeting And.


It was an editorial meeting. And, somebody taped it because people were allowed to participate via Zoom, which promptly got canceled after They realized somebody had leaked this. They're not gonna be having any more on Zoom. And it in included Wendy McMahon, the head of CBS News, And Adrian Rourke, who's in charge of news gathering at the network. And They. Kick this thing off by apologizing to the staff for That Interview. Listen to Adrian Rourke in charge of news gathering at CBS News. And, what she said. SAT two 20 And.


As hard as this is That means We set our personal feelings. And beliefs aside. We will still ask tough questions. We will still hold people accountable. That's part of our job too. But We will do so Objectively And That means very plainly. We have to check our bias. And opinions at the door. Many of You have reached out to express concerns over recent reporting, specifically about the CVS morning's codes. Interview from last week, as well as comments made coming out of some of our correspondence reporting. This has been addressed. And, it will continue to be in the future because this goes way beyond one Interview.


One common one story. This is about preserving the legacy of neutrality. And objectivity. That is CBS news. Wow, legacy of neutrality. And objectivity. She went on to say there are times We fail. Our audiences And each other. We're in one of those times, right Now, she threw this guy under the bus. What he did was somehow morally wrong. And That was obvious to this person. Adrian Rourke That. He had somehow Besmirched CBS News's, pristine journalistic legacy. There was a time when That was the case when Uncle Walter was doing the evening news.


Walter Cronkite That Time has passed. And They know it. So Jan Crawford, who is an excellent reporter, she was at the Supreme Court covering SCOTUS when I was And. She's been there. Justice correspondent for You know 15 years I. Think she was on That morning editorial call And defended the Interview and her colleague here, listen to That. In part Thought our commitment was to truth And. When someone comes on our air with a one-sided account of a very complex situation as codes himself acknowledges That. He has. It's my understanding, That. As journalists we're obligated to challenge That worldview.


So That, our viewers can have That access to the truth or a fuller account and more balanced account. And. To me, That is what Tony did. He prevented a one-sided account from being broadcast on our network as journalist. It seems to me that's what We have an obligation to do. And as someone That does a lot of interviews including on controversial topics with public figures. You know I'm not really Sure Now how to proceed in challenging viewpoints. That are obviously one sided. And devoid a factor. History Good for her.


She's exactly right. How is he being chastised? When you're presenting somebody who's only got one side of the story on a very controversial topic on a news program, That purports to be straight down the middle, straight news not taking a side here. How is she supposed to navigate That? When you're not allowed to ask challenging questions, you're not allowed to press him with even provocative questions. That's ridiculous. That is the legacy of CBS news decades ago. obviously they've gotten far afield of That. As You know They recently let Katherine her go because even though she's a great reporter when it comes to the intelligence field, she was getting a little too close to the truth.


I mean it's no shock. You all saw what CBS news did during That vice presidential debate. They literally cut the mic of the Republican vice presidential candidate when he was trying to correct a fake news fact check That was being brought down upon him in a debate. They said They wouldn't fact check, cut his mic. So he couldn't make his point. And on, And on it goes. That's that's who They are today. And. This woman trying to cloak herself in Sanctimony is like Oh our our legacy You know I mean. Please who are You kidding? You only got upset when one of your leftist idols was challenged meaningfully by one of the morning hosts.


So Now, they're in a full on struggle session over there full on struggle session to the point where They They decided They invited, according to Dylan Byers, who's a media critic, And reporter who writes for puck news to invite They invited self-described mental health expert, d E I strategist, And trauma trainer, Dr. Donald Grant, to moderate conversation on this issue within CBS in an all staff meeting the next day while people started to look up, who is this guy? Dr. Donald Grant. Self-described trauma trainer, And it You.


Look at his Instagram. This is at Jerry Dunleavy on X posted this You. See a graphic this trainer posted called MAGA side a noun, death of a nation caused by injuring said nation with the intent to destroy through the adoption of insidious policies. The normalization of divisive practices And the installation of sociopathic people. A maite attempt is when a subpopulation of a nation harms That nation with the intent to destroy even worse, even worse than That. Their chosen expert who's gonna help them heal after Tony's cardinal sins is someone is is someone who posted a photo of what he captioned Uncle Tim's cabin.


It is a photo with Senator Tim Scott's face, photoshopped on the faces of black people outside of a cabin. And They threw in Candace Owens for good measure. This is unbelievable. Tim Scott, to his credit, retweeted this news. That. They. Were gonna use this guy as their trauma counselor with the message. A message. That read You goods CBS perfect. Perfectly done. You, G, You, You, guys, Okay. There was also a graphic on this trainer's Instagram of how to pronounce Kamala's name. He got very angry because he said it's only racist, And sexist because these names just roll off your tongue.


Federer scars, guard djokovich. Which let's face it, That took all of us forever to pronounce Gki. Same We put in extra effort to get some people's names right, not because they're tricky. But because We care. You see, We only care about the whites like Djokovich, And, We don't care about Kamala 'cause she's black. Then there was one about That had a photo of a, of a black man holding a sign. That reads, dear White people, stop using Dr. King as an example of a peaceful protest. You shot him too. So this was going to be the healing character.


That They brought into CBS news to hear, to heal the rift. And You. Know what? There's some honesty in it because it was turning into a racial thing. The reports were That. The black staffers were very upset at Tony And. Very angry That. He didn't allow Gail to speak, not to mention the other guy who was white. A white man They felt like You know Gail should have been allowed more And Now. It's everything boils down to like how much airtime did the black woman get versus this white guy, this white Jewish guy. God forbid who's, by the way, not only is he Jewish But, he has an ex-wife who lives in Israel with his children. So he's got a lot of knowledge about this region.


And has standing If You will to object to the one-sided nature of Coates's book. And was totally within the bounds of reason in doing so. Alright, so They decide after Jerry Donleavy does his homework, And post this online. Maybe We shouldn't invite this. So-called Doctor Dr. Donald Grant to moderate this conversation might not really be the best choice. So we're not Sure. Who If, anybody Moderated said conversation But. In the meantime, on the subject of Gayle King, the following trailer drops You. See Coats decided to go.


As he's promoting this book on Trevor Noah's podcast, the guy who used to host the Daily Show, And. They released a lengthy trailer for Tahsi Coates's appearance with Trevor Noah. And. Would You listen to how he Coates describes his conversation with Gail King backstage right before the Interview We just went through. Watch And. it know she's getting a lot of stuff right? Now. So I really wanna say this. Gail King is a great journalist. And, a great I interviewer. And. Gail came behind the stage before We went And.


She had gone through the book And. I'm not saying she like agreed with the book. She was like, I'm gonna ask You about this. I'm gonna ask You about That. I want You. It was like Gale was considered Oh. My God, it's Gayle King is, it's considered. Listen, But, she didn't speak. It was her handwritten notes, her handwritten notes with there You know what I mean. She had all these things. And it think while on the one hand he probably did me a service You. Know what I mean by just kind of take Commandeering. That. Interview. Yeah, I. Don't think he did. Nate And. Gail a service. And it. I'm really, really sorry for them. Okay. First of all, a correction. The third anchor on the set, Steve Kra tells me is named Nate Burleson And.


He's not white, he's black. I didn't know That I never watched this channel. I have no idea. This But I. Guess that's a double sin because Now You not only didn't let Gail speak, who is black You didn't let Nate Burleson speak And. He's black too. So double sin by their cohost Tony Koal. So You hear You hear Tahi Coates there saying That. Gail King went over what she was going to be asking him before the Interview. She had all of her notes. There. And. She went over it in adv advance. That is not Okay. That is not Okay at any news organization, not before an Interview where the guy is coming on on a subject like this, a dicey.


This isn't like two girlfriends sitting down like, Hey, what kind of wine do You like? Or even like Steven Colbert saying, we're gonna ask her about beer. You know That. He's not a journalist. But, I'm just saying That kind of lighthearted thing. Like what kind of beer does she like? What should We? That's fine. Going to a guest who is controversial, who's written a very controversial book, And saying, these are the points I'm gonna raise And it don't know how far That went. Did did she give actual questions? But even telling him this is where we're gonna go together. I'm gonna ask You this. Then we're gonna go over this. I'm gonna zero in on this. That's not Okay And. You heard it straight from the horse's mouth.


He's saying the guest is saying she did It is Gail King gonna be dragged in front of the rest of the staff. And chastised by this woman, this editorial boss, And Adrian Rourke about meeting the editorial standards of CBS News. That They need to lean into their objectivity. And checking their biases, And their opinions. And, That. Sometimes We fail. Our audiences And. We're in one of those times. Don't hold your breath. I mean what an embarrassment. And. It's to the point. Now where she hasn't even come out. And spoken to it. It's like she doesn't feel a need to defend herself. It's fine.


No one expected anything more of her And. She knows That because she's at CBS because she's Gail King, Oprah's best friend. And a black woman. No one's gonna give her a hard time about it. They're not gonna give her a hard time. She's the victim in this You. See, because she didn't get to ask her questions. That, she'd already gone over with coats. She's the victim. So here's the last chapter in this, at least for Now. Wait one thing before I get to the last chapter. Tony Sin was allegedly showing bias on a subject. That is near And dear to him. That's not Okay at CBS news. That's what They want us to believe. But the free press. Our friends over the free press took a deep dive into this. And They pointed out the hypocrisy of this, the double standard because after Central Park, Karen, remember Amy Cooper had her dust up with the birdwatching guy who was so nasty to her about her dog.


They allowed Gail King to go on the air And do the following. Saw 24 I. I'm speechless. I'm really, really speechless about what we're seeing on television this morning. It feels to me like a open season And That. It's just a not sometimes a safe place to be in this country. For black men. And today is too much for me. She personalized it. She editorialized. She offered her opinion on a very controversial case. That was in the news. She spoke to it as a black woman. Totally fine, totally fine. But. This guy. Tony, speaking to a very controversial issue that's in the news And, a one-sided presentation of it happened on his air.


He may not speak to his personal opinion as a Jewish man with kids living in Israel. That violates CBS's editorial standards. F-U-C-B-S. You're disgusting. You know exactly what You did. His view needed to be silenced because it was in defense of Israel And because the staffers on board in particular, according to the reports, the minority staffers, probably the young kids, threw a fit about equity. And centering black And, brown people, And You caved because that's what these networks do. They also appear to have made Tony DaCapo have a private meeting with Nate, And Gail in his office.


And. Here is the final chapter for Now. This is from the New York Post. In an exclusive, Tony spoke at Tuesday's, staff only meeting the one from which the trauma trainer got booted. It was not attended by Gail And. Nate set a source with knowledge. He said he regretted putting his colleagues in That position, especially those who are overseas. And in danger as If. CBS is like choosing a side bullshit. What a lie. There were tears. People were very upset. Staffers are divided on the Israeli Palestinian conflict. We know that's why he was right to offer the other side. And They were troubled by how he challenged coats last week.


They say he did not back down from his questioning of coats. But. Some black staffers who attended the meeting were critical. That. Nate Burson, And King have remained tightlipped about the matter. Do Kapo held a private meeting Monday with his co-host in his office. And Now. He's out there offering his regrets. He regrets putting his colleagues in That position. So that's as close as we're gonna get to I. Guess his apology, which is what They really want, or his head on a stake. That That will satisfy them. Look, I'm just gonna tell You something. I like I went through this I.


I've been in this guy's exact position where the staff at one of these woke leftist media organizations goes into full meltdown because They didn't like something factual. That You said And. Then you're forced to talk to your colleagues about it. To have these struggle sessions with these woke asshole young producers who don't know shit. One of whom I I gave this guy so many opportunities at N B. C News. He, he nobody knew who this guy was. I gave him so many opportunities. And, he stuck the knife in me. Just as soon as I ran into trouble there. And then had the nerve to come begging me for a job. After N BC fired his ass. It was so fun telling him to pound sand.


Really? I just ignored him. Which is the best response. But I did. See your request. And You. Know who You are. And, you've got nerve. Nerve asking me to hire You. Anyway, karma has a way of settling things in That way. But, I'm Sure. This is stressful for this poor guy who's never in the news. Let's face it, nobody knows who this is. And. Suddenly all of his colleagues turn on him. Except for Jan. Jan Crawford And. He got the the bosses of his whole network calling all hands on deck meetings to embarrass You And publicly. Pretend like you've committed some terrible sin. It's traumatic. And. I'm Sure. He's very on his heels, right? Now And wondering, If, somehow he did something wrong or he's gotta make amends somehow And it.


Certainly hope That, his two co-hosts went in there. And said You did nothing wrong. I certainly hope They did. That And You know what They should say. That publicly. They should have his back publicly. They should make Sure That They get asked That question at their next media appearance. And They should have his back. I was in a worse position because my anchors were publicly attacking me every weekday on the air on the today Show all over Twitter, publicly attacking me. He's not quite in That position. But certainly nobody defended me, including Gail King, by the way, who I was friends with. Did she defend? No, she didn't. No.


So in any event, I don't think We can expect great things from her or the co-host. I don't know him. And it don't know anything about him. But so far they're letting this guy twist. And. CBS is fine with ruining his reputation, And, letting him just seem like he's committed some journalistic sin And. Letting people like Jan Twist too, wondering what exactly am I expected to do here at this news organization? Alright, we're gonna get to your questions in a minute. We're gonna do a little asked And answered on this show. But first I wanna bring You another edition of a franchise in this show? That We. Call You. Can't say That. Where We highlight something You can't say or do or think. You're just not allowed to in 2024.


America, today's topic is personal. Not for me. But. For my producer Lauren, who We snatched up a couple of years ago, out of the beautiful state of California. Now We love. We love the weather in California. And, We love Lauren. However, You know it's, it's basically the People's Republic of California And. So We got lucky. And found Lauren in Orange County. That was smart. We got her And Now. She is a producer working for the Megyn. Kelly. Show But. Before That, she was a member of the USC Song Girl Team. You probably never heard of the song Girls, unless you're from Southern California.


Well, let me tell You about them. The song Girls, they're not cheerleaders. They have those too. At the University of Southern California. But, these girls are more of a dance squad. And They work hard, essentially. Athletes themselves who perform at all the big football games. And the other big university events here, You see them. The USC Song Girl Team is known for its rich history tradition. And is recognized as an iconic symbol of the university spirit. The song Girls, according to the website, are often referred to as the ambassadors of the University of Southern California. The dedication, the loyalty, the quest for continual improvement are hallmarks of the team says the website That sounds great, But.


Then something strange happened. It happened quietly, And, just a couple of weeks ago. The S song, girls You, see, were renamed. What happened to the USC Song Girls? Why were They renamed? There wasn't a big announcement. Instead, the song Girls website, And social media accounts were just edited. The new name, the USC Song Leaders. In fact, the website URL just says USC Song Now. Just song. What's noticeably absent? Well, girls, of course And. The USC song. Girls are a team made up solely of Girls And have been for each of the past 50 plus years in their existence.


But. Suddenly the girls are Gone. And, Now They are the song leaders. In fact, You can look throughout the team's website, And social media posts. And. The word girls doesn't appear at all. It has been scrubbed. So what happened? Well, We got a statement from USA's, assistant Director of Spirit programs who told us spirit programs, which include the song team, spirit leaders, And, mascots, And, the Trojan Marching Band were brought together as the spirit of Troy in 2022. The spirit of Troy is actively enhancing a welcoming And positive team environment to include all students.


The song team recently adopted the name Song Leaders, A name They held in the early two thousands. Ah, there it is. Welcoming. Include You. Know where this is going. And You know why this happened. Lauren May have been a song girl. But. Going forward, the future members of this team are going to be leaders only with no gendered phrases. So is not to offend the L G. BTQ crowd. They are the ones for whom this was undoubtedly changed. And. Undoubtedly, there will be a song boy who We just refer to as a song leader on the team sometime soon.


If, there isn't already. The next beat will be. Debate will be about what preferred pronouns We should be using for the song leaders do We say the song leaders would like to use the non-gendered bathroom Oh. This is the the captain of the song. Leaders, the leader would like to ask for your support. That. Let's watch how this works for them. Because when You erase women, And, You erase. Girls, you're playing with fire. You are setting us down a path. That is very, very dangerous for women in America. We don't count.


Our testimonials don't count. Womanhood doesn't count, is no longer a thing. And. The next thing You know you've got babies being born. And grown in incubators. And, you've got chest feeding. If. You're not able to say what a woman is, what a girl is. Without finding those terms offensive enough. That They must be scrubbed right out of existence. USC, who continues to believe That If You have a bunch of women on a dance team. And. You wanna call them song girls? Well, You can't say That. Oh, wait. This is America coming up.


I, answer some of your questions.


There's a lot at stake in this upcoming election. But, regardless of who is sitting in the White House, the fuse on the economy has already been lit. Even four years of a conservative presidency will not be enough to turn the tide on our $35 trillion national debt. And it. The left wins. It will be like throwing gas on a dumpster fire. What can You do? Well, You do have options. You just protect your savings by diversifying into gold. With the help of Birch Gold Group, gold has stood firm in the face of greedy government's, economic upheavals, And, global strife, And. It just protect You right Now Birch. Gold will help You convert an I RA or a four Oh one K into an I RA in physical gold tax-free And penalty-free And. It doesn't cost You 1 cent out of pocket. In the past four years, the buying power of the US dollar has declined. While the price of gold has increased 40% coincidence, text MK to nine eight. 9 8 9 8 gets your free info kit on Gold Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. today.


For Mervis Diamond Importers, this is Ronnie Mervis. In a sea of ordinary engagement rings, KO stands out. KO rings feature hidden, intricate details because your ring should be as extraordinary as your L, not mass produced, never generic, always personal, crafted with passion in every meticulous detail. Tako, no boring rings. Why settle for the same ring as everybody else? And. When You pair the unmatched beauty of a world famous Mervis diamond with your Tako engagement ring, it says, even more Mervis means more diamonds, better quality, And the most value. With easy Mervis financing, You can get her Dream Diamond Now. Don't wait to shop our mouthwatering Mervis Diamonds And, the largest selection of Tacori bridal jewelry in the Tri-state area. Visit us in store or go online to mervis diamonds.com or call for an appointment at 800 her love. Again, that's mervis diamond.com or 800 her love Mervis Diamond importers your official to Corey Jeweler.


Do You ever watch tv? And think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right with rewards on sling. Watching 30 Minutes of TV daily gives You chances to win up to $10,000 in cash. And other monthly prizes sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to get rewarded for watching TV Sling. Lets You do That. Visit sling.com to learn more And get started. No purchase necessary for we're prohibited by law. Visit sling.com for more details.


Now We have an addition of asked And answered, which is where We answer some of our viewer mail. If You wanna Email me. You can do it. Now. It's Megan m E. G Y N at Megyn Kelly dot com. And We will go through them every week as We always do. And. Pull a few to address on the air And. We will read your emails privately. So That always happens. Only a few get selected. Steve Kracker is here in the Red Studio with me today. That's right, yeah, it's good to be there. This is our executive producer, You guys. You usually, sometimes he comes on But You. Never get to see like the actual man sitting here. So And, they're normally in Texas. I know Welcome I got out for a little bit. Yeah, yeah. Great to have You here in the Northeast. It's good to be here. I know we're talking election, getting ready for election night. So yeah, so getting all That.


Getting That. Getting That ready. It's gonna be, People don't know. There's a whole other side of the studio over there, which We will be showing You on election night. And. We're using lots of different places here for our coverage. It's gonna be big. It's gonna be a big night. Yeah. All right, so what do We have? Well, That actually kind of dovetails with the first question here. This is from Matthew. Who wants to know? That? They. They say Kam Harris is not coming on this show. Probably not. We made the request. I should say But. If. She did. What would be one question You would want to ask her? Mm, I. What is a woman? I mean? I asked I or, or can a woman become a man? Would I ask Trump? Let's see how she does. Can You imagine If? I asked her That, can a woman become a man?


She would be so uncomfortable. That's why she will never come. No, No. It would be about dreams. And aspirations. Probably I. I'd really also like to ask her You, say, That. You proposed a border bill from day one of your administration. If You really wanted to crack down on the border. Why did You reverse remain in Mexico? You know all of the asylum policies. I go through those executive orders. That, we've been reading on this show. Can You imagine, right? I? I'd love to hear her answer. That Question. It's like asking the board a question in a, in a way, That actually gets an answer Yes than, than what 60 Minutes did. Wouldn't That be nice? Yes? Yeah. Alright. Here's another one. This is from Elizabeth. It's kind of a personal one. She says she's a 24-year-old graduate student at a university. That claims to be Christian. It's interesting. In her class, she's being instructed on how to support trans students taking tests on how she can advocate for them.


She wants to be a school psychologist. But, she's feeling discouraged. Sh. What do You think? Should she continue in this career? Or what should she do? That is very tough because That industry has been captured by woke Leftists. You know from the Psychiatry Association to the American Academy of Pediatrics, And. This standard in That industry is to affirm And. You actually just lose your license. Potentially. If You don't do what They want. You to do. They. In some states, it's considered conversion therapy. So I, don't I. Think I would be really Sure what the regulations were in my chosen state And, I'd probably state to red states where You are allowed to explore issues thoughtfully.


And, like with love as opposed to just no. You can only affirm And. Find out whether You just potentially lose your license over That. Because how? just You do it. If. You can't do it. Honestly, If You can't actually help these kids. How just You become part of That machine? It doesn't sound like You. just live with That. And it. Don't blame You. You shouldn't live with That, so If That doesn't work out. You just always do. We've had a couple of people on this show like Miriam Grossman. Yeah. Who have an outside counseling business for families. And kids. And. She's Now. Gotten very bold about being a resource for families who want honest counseling in these situations. You, just go That. Lane And. Actually, You should like connect with her. I. Think We actually have a contact for her. Yeah. Maybe We can hook her up. Yeah.


Elizabeth, by the way, I don't know If. That Met Sure. Elizabeth, maybe We can hook Elizabeth up so she can ask somebody who's already doing this kind of work on what the lane's available to her are. Elizabeth. We're gonna do That for You. Excellent. Alright, last one. This is from Halle And. She wants to know, you've spoken about your friendships over the years. She wants to know If You. Keefe in touch with friends from high school, college, law school, And, from which period of your life are your closest friends? That's so sweet. I I. They're spread out a bit. So my closest friend in high school, And, for middle school, like for just a long period of my adolescence, was Kelly McGinnis. I've mentioned her on the show many times, right? And. It was Megyn. Kelly. Kelly, McGinnis. We were freaking frack. We dressed alike.


We did everything together. We were inseparable. And. She And it, are still in touch. She's great. She still lives near my hometown. And. Then in college, I really kind of was with my boyfriend most of the time. I wound up deactivating from my sorority because I was just so into my boyfriend who was a lacrosse player. And couldn't go to any of the fraternity things or the, the mixers. And, the Greek system. That. I was supposed to go to And. He And it. Were just absolutely mad for one another. And. So he was the main figure of That period. For me. And, no We are no longer in touch. It didn't end badly. It actually ended really sweetly. But it I wrote about it in my book. You can read it there. It's, he's the one ex of mine. That. Doug really likes You.


Know. Interesting. When Doug hears the Stories, You talked about Sean Ryan also, right? I. Think I. Remember did That story. Yeah. Of lacrosse player And. Yeah. The lesson about how You know he was the one who was practicing And. The other team was, yeah. Watching them. Yeah. He just gave me such self-confidence in a way I didn't have before. He looked at me so differently. He taught me how to look at myself differently. And, I have nothing But affection for this guy. I, I think his life ran into some serious trouble after We broke up. Not, not because We broke up. But just later. And, We. Were in touch maybe once, 10 years after That, just by phone. But still I. I've got a soft spot for the guy And. it wish him well. So that's kind of why I don't have a ton of college friends. That, I'm still in touch with But.


My closest law school friend, Donna You. Know Donna. Yeah. How, how do We know Donna? Donna's a, a regular listener. And. And viewer. I guess listener probably, right? She, she listens Live. She, she listens. You live on the SiriusXM app. She literally never misses a show. No, she's, she's taken in every minute of content we've ever done. And. Right after the show, she gives me her thoughts. Like today we're, we're taping this on yesterday. Wednesday. Seena approves. Let's see what she texted me every day. She gives me one. She said, LOL. Re, Kamala doing her hairy Belafonte Imitation. Have You. No empathy. Mon And. She went on from there. But. I. Love my Donna. Reviews. If. She doesn't like the show.


She'll tell me That too. But. This is, this woman is so smart. She was a vice president at one of these big investment banks before she even got to law school. She was already so accomplished. And. it was like Oh. My God, this seems amazing. She already had a kid. She had a second kid in law school. And. She still graduated at the top of our class. Wow. On time. She was always a gunner. She went on to have a brilliant legal career. And. Now. She's also back in my hometown. And. We're, we're in daily touch. I. Mean We. We. Text about the show, blah, blah, blah. So in terms of my past life, she's definitely my closest friend. And. Then You know Now. It's basically all the people I knew in New York. And. The people I'm meeting here in Connecticut. I'm already developing some great friendships out here. And.


It's great. You know. I wouldn't say I'm the greatest at like I. If. I had like a huge party to celebrate a birthday. You wouldn't see like 15 people from this era. And 15 p. I'm not like That. I'm my life's too busy. But. I have a couple who are really important to me. That's great. Yeah. Excellent. Well, Keefe, the questions coming. Megan Megyn Kelly dot com. That's right. And. When You go to me, You should go to Megyn Kelly dot com. And, just type in your Email. We. Don't sell the emails. We don't do any of nonsense. And We. Don't barrage You on Fridays. We send You one. Email. It's just like We. Call it the American News minute, because in 60 seconds or less, less, we'll give You all the We. The news You need to know from the week. And. We'll give You some highlights from the show. Some fun updates behind the scenes stuff.


And always the St. Strudwick file remains the most clicked on item on the newsletter. It's amazing. Yeah. They love him. I didn't see him earlier. I Know. That's because it, he goes to doggy daycare three days outta the five. Right. We got Stru. So That Thunder would have a buddy And. Then he became such a handful. And. So naughty. We had to ship him off to doggy daycare three days of the week. So Thunder is still sitting there alone. And, our house is also being destroyed. Right, right, right. I saw some of those pumpkins. You were talking about a couple days ago. So I came up. today he's eating all the pumpkins outside of my house. And like the big squash things. I. Don't know even know what They are.


And And. He eats off the top And. So like the exposed flesh of the pumpkin or squash, whatever is, is there. And. Now. I came up. It was like animal kingdom. The number of squirrels, That were on my front porch. Like Oh. My God. I'm like, get outta here. Get outta here. The squirrels didn't even scurry, no They. Were like, we're good. I'm like, get outta here. You. Rodents. Then finally, They got off. 'cause I was like, move They. Move And. It's covered in bugs. There's bugs every weekday. I'm, I'm like, stru. That's what he does. Yeah. That's like his third huge squash he's eaten is squash locale. I. Yeah. I. Don't know. We have to ask. Casey means That's loud. It's not going well, Steve. Anyway, thank You, And And.


Thanks to all of You for watching And listening. Check it out, Megyn Kelly dot com. And, send me your emails. Thanks for listening. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear For Mervis diamond importers. This is Ronnie Mervis in a sea of ordinary engagement rings teak. Corey stands out to Toco Rings feature hidden, intricate details because your ring should be as extraordinary as your love, not mass produced, never generic, always personal, crafted with passion in every meticulous detail.


Toco, no boring rings. Why settle for the same ring as everybody else? And. When You pair the unmatched beauty of a world famous Mervis diamond with your KO engagement ring, it says, even more Mervis means more diamonds, better quality. And the most valued. With easy Mervis financing, You can get her Dream Diamond Now. Don't wait to shop our mouthwatering Mervis Diamonds And, the largest selection of koi bridal jewelry in the Tri-state area. Visit us in store or go online to mervis diamond.com or call for an appointment at 800 her love. Again, that's mervis diamond.com or 800 her love mervis. Diamond importers, your official KO jeweler.


Do You ever watch tv? And think, wow, I'm really good at this. You are right with rewards on sling. Watching 30 Minutes of TV daily gives You chances to win up to $10,000 in cash. And other monthly prizes. Sign up for Sling or Stream for free with sling free stream to get rewarded for watching TV Sling. Lets You do That. Visit sling.com/rewards. To learn more And Get started. No purchase necessary for We prohibited by law, visit sling.com/reward/official-rules for more details.