
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises, or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call, visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everybody, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show today. What a treat we have for you. We have got first Mike Wal. He's the National Security Advisor. And man does he have a lot on his plate. There is so much happening in the world of foreign policy right now. You've seen in the news it President Trump's getting beaten up by every paper, every left wing cable operation, news operation, but there's a lot going on, and he's got a lot of immense challenges.


And Mike Walls is a critical piece of his solutions. So he'll join us for our first time together. And then Caroline Levitt, the White House Press secretary, will be here next. And you're gonna love this interview. I just sat down with her. She is the youngest press secretary ever. Didn't even know that until I was preparing for today. We get into her background, her marriage, her baby. You're gonna learn facts about her that you have never heard anywhere else. And then we talk quite a bit about her boss, the press, what insights she's learned, being upfront and personal with these guys, and who her least favorite White House reporter is.


And she did name a name. So I think you're gonna enjoy that too.


We continue to face uncertainty when it comes to the economy with a perfect storm brewing as social security and Medicare hit a breaking point, as the largest generation is hitting retirement. A smaller workforce means a smaller tax base. You pair that with our growing national debt and rising cost of living, and we could have a big problem. So what are you doing now to protect your family for the future? Gold can be a safe haven in hard economic times, and Birch Gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold. Birch Gold will help you transition an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold, and it does not cost you 1 cent out of pocket. Protect your future today. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8, gets your free info kit on gold, and get a copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump, Jr. There's no obligation, just information. Birch Gold has earned the trust of countless Americans looking to safeguard their savings. Just text my initials MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


Mike Walls, thanks for being being here. Yeah, Thank you. So you're a busy man these days. President's been a little busy these days. We, we told him a few days ago, Mr. President, You know, we have four years. Right? Right, right. You know, right. And you think about just what we've done in the last month. I think we did more in a month than Biden did in all four years on All fronts, domestic, all fronts international. And there's a lot the economy right happening when it comes to the international situation. I mean, it's like we were just talking before we got started. Oh yeah. Then there's China, which hasn't been in the news really, the in the past couple of of weeks. So let's start with what is in the news. And today the dominant story is Ukraine. And whether things are deteriorating now between President Trump and Vladimir Zelensky, there seems to be an escalating slight war of words between the two of them.


Zelensky is complaining. He wasn't brought in on the negotiation, right? Trump called him a dictator. Even some Republicans said that went too far. What do you make of it? Well, this notion that he has been consulted, I, I've just gotta push back, it's just not true. Just a week ago, president Trump in the Oval Office had Putin on the phone for the, I mean, the first time they've engaged since the, since the prior administration had him on the phone. And then Zelensky on the phone. Within minutes, both of them said, only President Trump can bring this war to a conclusion. And you can't get us to a ceasefire and get this war to end if you don't talk to both sides. So it is an age old kind of, You know, approach and diplomacy called shuttle diplomacy.


You talk to one side, then you talk to the other. Oh, by the way, we just got to a ceasefire and we see hostages being released in the Middle East. We talked through intermediaries, through the qris, through the Egyptians to Hamas, and then we talked to the Israelis. The United States has taken this position of shuttle diplomacy for quite some time. So people might be frustrated about how it's going. But Trump, just in a very short amount of time, has taken this conversation from endless war, as long as it takes open-ended death and destruction, You know, all over Europe and expanding now with North Korea to, is this war going to end?


To it is going to end. And now we can debate about how The reality is, it was stuck in what felt like a stalemate, a never ending standoff between these two countries. And so some, somebody's gonna have to give the criticism that's coming Trump's way from the right now is you gave up the farm too early. Like their, their criticism, and you tell me whether it's legit, is that he shouldn't have said NATO's off the table. And they're gonna have to go up to some territory right off the bat, because that should be the end settlement. It shouldn't be where we start. So, but to your point on Zelensky, what has he heard the last three years? You know, blank check as long as you want, You know, what's the end state?


What's the strategy? What does victory look like? It was just completely open-ended. And oh, by the way, what he heard from Biden was the United States really doesn't have a say. You have a say. And now he's hearing something very different. And I think that's difficult to hear that this is going to end and you need to get to the table. And, and in terms of the criticism, look, we've been dangling NATO membership in front of Ukraine since 2008 for 17 years. And behind the scenes, not everybody in NATO is, is on board with that. And I don't think the American people are on board with us bringing Ukraine into NATO in the middle of a war, which then obligates US troops to get involved.


So what we did, and what Secretary Hegseth did was state the obvious, You know, talk to the white elephant in the room, and if we're going to get to the negotiating table with the Russians quickly, I think that needed to be said. And everybody in the room knew it, even though they were kind of aghast and clutching their pearls in Europe. And then the other piece was on the borders. Look, does anyone, and I've asked this in my European counterparts, is anyone willing to go to the microphone and say that we're going to expel every Russian from every inch of Ukrainian soil, including Crimea? Because that's essentially what the 20, the, the 2014 border pre 2014 border was?


No, I mean, it's a statement of reality. And that's the reality that we're living in. Whether it's what's going to happen to 1.8 million people living in death and devastation and Gaza like, can that really happen for the next 15 years? Or this, I mean, president Trump's very common sense. We're taking these issues head on. And I think no one should be of the notion that somehow he's going to get played by President Putin. That is not going to be the case. He's the deal maker in chief. And You know, if it weren't for him, we wouldn't even be having these conversations. So if Ukraine gives up some 20% of its territory, what, what Russia has taken thus far, whatever that rounding number is and doesn't get into nato, which I think many people believe would be way too provocative right now to even discuss or, and maybe for a long, long time, because that's really what was stirring up Putin's anger in large part even before what does Russia give?


Right? I can see what Ukraine's gonna have to give here. Yeah. What does Russia have to give? Well this is always, You know, just in, in an objective look at it going to be some type of territory, particularly after Ukraine's Counteroffensive in 2023 failed. And again, we're talking all of Crimea here, some type of territory for some type of security guarantee. We fully support France now saying that they'll get involved in the security guarantee. Macron is, is coming to the White House, doesn't want that UK saying that they will get involved in a security guarantee. There are some fundamental first principles here. One, this is a permanent end to this war, not another temporary stop like we had from 2014 to 2022.


That there will be security guarantees involved for the future of, of Ukraine. So that we ensure that there's, this doesn't start up again. There will have to be some type of territory concession and then By, by Ukraine I think, or by Putin. 'cause I I thought we were on the list put We gonna have to get Yes by, by both. And so we can, He's gonna have to give back some. We can't Even get to that conversation unless we engage both sides. No, No, I get it. Which is what we're doing. I'm not one of those people who doesn't think you should be talking. I mean, it's ridiculous, right? Can't Subtle. But that's what we've heard all week. Oh my God, I can't believe you talked to my, My only Question is I went to Riyadh with Marco Rubio and others and furthered those discussions. I just don't get, You know, when I took negotiations in law school, yes, shuttle diplomacy was part of what we learned.


Yeah. But the other piece was the best settlements involved, both sides giving up a bit. Sure. Everybody should walk away slightly unhappy or maybe even very bad. Well, We just talked about security guarantees that you said right out the bat, rouge Russia's not gonna be happy with. And They're going, they're, they're going to have to accept That. And then I think the final piece, which is the back and forth with, with Zelensky this week is, You know, he himself came to New York last September, he zelensky and started talking about critical minerals partnerships. I mean, that was his ideas, part of his victory plan that he proposed, including talking to President Trump about it. So now to act like this came out of the blue, we found a a, a a bit puzzling when we personally sent our treasury secretary there to say, okay, You know, let's, let's do what are offering.


And I can't think of any better security guarantee than to be invested with the United States of America. As I said at the, at the press conference with Carol Caroline Levitt, they have an aluminum plant that could satisfy 100% of the United States imports if that thing was fully operational. They have critical minerals like gallium and tritium and vast reserves with that could satisfy a third to a half of our import needs if they were at full capacity if we had an investment mechanism. So, You know what we've, what I've been on the phone all week with President Zelensky team is saying, you need to see this as growing the pie and 50% of a much larger pie is better than a hundred percent of what you have now, which has been, You know, essentially devastated or undeveloped.


So to be co-invested with us with the long term, I think is a tremendous opportunity for them. And we have to restructure the conversation around our aid. The Europeans are doing it in the form of loans. They're actually paying for their loans on the interest of ro frozen Russian assets. Yet all of ours have been grants now for three years, You know? Yeah. Why is that? And the American taxpayer deserves some type of recoupment. And if we do that in a way that's mutually beneficial, then that's good for everyone. That Wasn't even discussed under the Biden administration. It was just handouts. And now finally we're talking about what, what about us? More? More. Yeah. What about, what about, You know, our taxpayer? So let's talk about the possibility of securing Ukraine if and when this thing settles.


The Russians do not want the Europeans much less us, but we don't wanna go over there and keep the piece the Europeans reportedly. Now you're confirming may may be willing to do it. So how do we get that past Putin? Not only are they saying they're willing to do it, they're putting operational plans in place with the NATO Secretary General and President Trump and I and others have openly said, again, a first premise is Europe has to take more responsibility. I get it. For their own security. How do we get that past Putin and how do we feel about their ability, the European troops to maintain peace and order and repel any potential aggression that comes up their way? Well, One of the Joe to the capability question is why they have to invest in their own defense.


The other thing we've said that is unacceptable is we have a NATO summit, heads of state summit this June, and we will still be at a third of all NATO members haven't met the minimum of 2% of GDP that they pledge to do a decade ago, over a decade ago. They just want, right. This is a lot of kind of, You know, chirping and hand ringing about what the United States should do with its taxpayer money. Yeah. And they need to come to the table. And both Macron and Prime Minister Storm of the UK and the NATO Secretary General have said this was a, a kind of a shocking wake up call, guys, you've been hearing us say this now. We meant it, we meant it.


And President Trump means it. I mean it, and Secretary Rubio means it. Pete Hegseth means it, Is there any chance we withdraw from nato? President Trump has talked about it. So the two, two different conversations about security guarantees of European troops right on the edge of a hot war in Ukraine that is not a NATO member versus defending our NATO allies, You know, if attacked. Those are two separate conversations. We support nato, we support Article five. But you've heard President Trump's, You know, he, he looks at it if, if if you had a club and only half to two thirds of the members were paying their dues, what, what are the other ones to do? And The club club required you to go to war, right? If, if somebody in the club not paying their dues has a massive fight.


And I have to tell you, I mean, just my own experience as a Green Beret, a special operations officer who, You know, with multiple tours in Afghanistan, when we were there with our NATO allies, we called them, we had the fighting allies, the British, the Canadians, the Danes, and then we had others, frankly, that were kind of in the more peaceful parts that wouldn't even allow us, I tried to call 'em medevac from Germany where we needed help. They wouldn't allow 'em to come. We tried to call for air support for some other allies, and they weren't allowed to do offensive operations, I guess only if the plane was shot at. They had what was called national caveats. So you have kind of my generation with Secretary Hegseth and others that have seen this kind of, You know, play out on the battlefield.


And that's not to criticize the troops. They were constrained by their governments. And if we're all in this together, then we're all in this together. So What's your advice to Valdimir Zelensky in trying to deal with President Trump right now? Because to me, it seems like he's gotten very provocative and may not fully understand who's calling the most important shots here. That's Right. Number one, the first, second and third thing coming from President Zelensky needs to be appreciation for the American people to appreciate what happened after the 2014 invasion. The Obama administration literally threw blankets at him, who was the first to actually arm the Ukrainians President Trump. Russia has invaded a neighbor under Bush, under Obama, and under Biden.


It did not happen under the first Trump term. And he's going to end it in the second Trump term. So I think just an appreciation for that relationship. You are not going to criticize President Trump into getting your way. You've seen that kind of backfire, I think pretty spectacularly. But thirdly, appreciate that this is the opportunity, the opportunity that this is to be co-invested long term to really benefit all sides from the critical, the minerals and resources they're blessed to have. Let's, let's view this as an opportunity going forward. Yes. It's like I say to my kids when I say that, keep or post, here's something great. And they say, well, why isn't it this other color? And I say, I think the words you're looking for are, thank you.


Better Said. Yeah. But Yeah, let's let, let's spend one second on the criticism of what Trump said the other day, and then I wanna talk about Israel. Sure. He called Zelensky a dictator, which has had a lot of even right wingers say that. That's ridiculous. Zelensky iss not a dictator. Putin's a dictator is on the front of the New York Post today. Mark Levin, a big fan of the president, spoke out about this. Is that rhetoric that he just throws out there, or do you think he actually means that? What's happening with that word? Well, look, I think that he, he's enormously frustrated with zelensky. He sees that martial law has been in place. I do think elections need to happen at some point. And all of these things can happen once we get to a ceasefire.


And that, You know, I, I think President Zelensky again needs to understand that this is a very different dynamic. Now, this isn't just as long as it takes as much as it takes. And you do, You know, whatever you want to do, that we are determined to end this war. President Trump is going to do that. And what, what astounds me is the kind of these critical voices that were so demanding of a ceasefire and a stop to the fighting and Gaza, but yet are aghast that President Trump is doing, saying, moving. They don't wanna Anything to Russia. They don't wanna see it. So My Impression, so what's the alternative solution that anyone has on the right or the left?


That's the good question because I, I don't understand. If there's no world in which we're letting Ukraine into NATO who's Opposed to peace? I, yeah, I mean, they call it surrender. You heard them comparing this to a Neville Chamberlain situation, peace in our time. There's a debate unfolding right now between Neil Ferguson, who's a good man, conservative Yeah. And JD Vance online over about whether this is just giving it all up, You know, whether this to surrender. It's always easy to get peace if you Surrender. I mean, that's almost laughable, Meghan, that President Trump is just gonna give it all up to anyone. And if we look at what we had under Biden's lack of leadership, do you want that or do you want someone who is gonna go toe to toe with Putin, with she, with Kim Jong-Un?


I, I'll tell you where my confidence, my vote is. Lemme ask, Explain this to me. I look at This. But if he's gonna be, I think part of this was that we moved so quickly, we had that confidence building measure with the release of Fogel. Yeah. That was in the works that happened. That was great. And then, I mean, what was the last prisoner exchange? We had the world's largest armed dealer for a basketball player. That's right. So we essentially get that for nothing as a tremendous step forward. We have a call with both leaders the next day, and then we're in Saudi Arabia and, and the world, You know, it didn't feel like this was the normal process that happens over months and years. I'll say another underlying premise here is time is not on anyone's side.


Right. The death and destruction is happening. The threat of escalation is always there. Zelensky political situation is worsening. And we have an issue here of we're not going to give endless aid and other hundreds of where billions where road, billion dollars road. So I think everyone and Russia's economy continues to wor worsen with inflation, with interest rates at 25 to 30%. So everyone should be incentivized to come to the table. So how much of A concern in this negotiation is, and President Trump, by the way, also stated that he is perfectly willing to tax sanction and tariff the Russians as well.


Oh yeah. They've demonstrated a willingness to come to the table. Not everyone's gonna like all the terms. We now need zelinsky at the table. Not everyone's gonna like all the terms. And how we get there, You know, is the process that's unfolding. How much, if at all, does the threat of China play in all this? Because there's a lot of thinking that it would be great if we actually could have a better relationship with Russia and focus on what many view to be our biggest adversary or potential, which is China. And right now what we've seen over the past three years with this war is those two, those two getting closer than the United States being out, Who on any, You know, aspect of the spectrum thinks that China, Russia, North Korea, and Iran getting tighter in terms of military cooperation, technological cooperation, economic cooperation is a good thing.


No one that I know of. And so if we start having different relationships and there is a, the prospect of a bilateral relationship with the United States and Russia that is very different, very much less threatening. You know, that arguably is not a bad thing. We need to clear up this issue of a major war in Europe to get to that point. Hmm, Maybe I'm wrong, but as a sort of lay person who has never served overseas, I, to me it looks like, look, it's lost. It's not that anybody won it or anybody really lost it, the Ukraine war, but, You know, Olo zelensky limited the Russian gains to where he did. Right. And now they've been at a stalemate, and now we're just seeing the death toll rise and the, and the price rise.


And at some point somebody's gotta, if not cry, uncle, just say, let's get out now let's, let's cut the losses at this point, because it's not going anywhere from here other than more death and destruction, Though the war should have not happened. It really shouldn't. And it didn't happen under Trump's first term. We can unpack, You know, how that deterrence failed everything from Biden saying, well, maybe if it's a minor incursion Yeah, right. Then maybe it won't be so bad to the giveaways on Nord stream after the Colonial pipeline hack. I mean, there are all kinds of things that, that I think led to deterrence failing. Then we have this incremental, just a little bit here, a little bit there, that essentially drug this war into a World War I style, trench warfare, endless stalemate.


Again, if you don't like this approach, president Trump's approach, then what is the alternative plan, right. To continue this forever. What will the war situation look like at the end of this year or next year? How about Trump saying Ukraine started? People are going off about that. Well, I look, he, he's focused on moving forward. We can, and, and this, You know, came up in the, in the Riyadh talks as well, this kind of long drawn out, and we could go back hundreds if not over a thousand years of this side did this, that side did this, 2014, what happened in the Minsk one, Minsk two. And, and really why those, I think those talks were a good next step is we kept bringing it Secretary Rubio, me and, and Steve Witkoff back to, okay, let's move forward.


President Trump is ready to move forward. Trump's well aware Number one, Putin invaded Ukraine. What's that? Trump is well aware. Yeah. Said No, I mean, he said it Repeatedly. I mean, I just trying to spin this as though he actually thinks Ukraine, it actually started, I'm repeating what he has repeatedly said. Russia invaded a neighbor Georgia under Bush Russia invaded its neighbor Ukraine under Biden and Russia invaded its neighbor under Obama, but not under him. Those are his words. He, they invaded. Yes. Right. Now we can get in debate of who Provo, who provoked who or what have you. What I would say to the left, or say to anyone is you can't get both sides to the table in a deal if you're trashing one side or the other publicly.


And at the same time, if both aren't willing to come, then You know, we've got all kinds of carrots and sticks and leverage the president's willing to use. Okay, let's talk about Chi Israel. The, the news is just so awful, isn't it? It's so awful. I feel like those bibas little boys were like the face of this thing. And there are so many mothers who I know watch this show and who I, I talked to via Twitter and so on, who've just been praying, You know, hoping beyond hope. Yeah. That maybe they lying about the babies being dead. They, they've been claiming Israel an Israeli airstrike killed them. There's zero evidence of that. We have every belief that Hamas did it or their supporters No, the Israelis have evidence that they were executed, they were brutally executed.


The, the, The reports on lies that they were strangled. I don't know if that's, I yeah, I don't wanna get into that level of detail for the sake of the families, but they were, they were, this was not an errant airstrike, It wasn't an errant air. No, exactly. That's the point. And and by the way, just so the, I mean, it wasn't that long ago that we had college campuses, professors, administrators literally celebrating Hamas flying their flags saying They were accelerating, Wearing their colors, You know? Right. You know, cheering them on. And where, where are those people now? Are they still willing to, to step out with that despicable anti-Semitic? I Mean I bet they are. I bet they are. Because it's not like we didn't know on ten eight and ten nine and 10, 10 of 23, what they had done.


You know, the reports of them burning babies were all over the airwaves and they were still on the college campuses cheering this on. Yeah. Right. Right. There's something wrong with, And You know, who does not and refuses to have a two-state solution, Hamas. Yeah. Right. They fully intend to have more October 7th if given the chance you look at them. We have to get as many people out as we can. These people Cheering the, the, those two babies coffins like it was Mardi Gras. Right. You think these are not people we can deal with. I don't blame Egypt and Jordan for not wanting them. We wouldn't take them. Why would we take them? So how on earth does Trump get any country to take that group of people long term? Well, first we have to address what has happened in the radicalization of a whole generation.


And this was largely done under the auspices of the UN and ra, who has un funded teachers in these schools, teaching these children to not only hate Israel, but hate America and, and really just hate the world. And to love death. Yeah. And to love death. We also have them being rewarded and paid, financially incentivized to do this for the payments of families. That is often done with $8. And one of the reasons that we once again, have cut that back off and have, we, we've defunded unre. So let's recognize that for what it is. And the pro, and one of the reasons that we have this problem, there's, make it what President Trump is speaking to, is a practical reality.


When we, You know, looked at drone footage of Gaza, You know, flying over the miles and miles and miles of just rubble the place looks like Hiroshima. It has been devastated, coupled with no sewage, no water, unexploded ordinance everywhere, all from a war that Hamas started. But how do you rebuild that place with nearly 2 million people sitting on how do they even survive for the 10, 15 years it's going to take. So this is, once again, you don't like th this plan of somehow offering these people a better solution, a better life that they'd never really been offered. We understand the ideological and emotional attachment to the land, but this is just practicality.


And if not the neighbors, then you have countries like Indonesia, you have countries like Malaysia, you have countries like Azerbaijan and others that, and this isn't mandatory, but it should be voluntary if they want to leave and the entire world, You know, kind of heart breaks for these people, then let's step up and have real solutions. And what we saw after the visit of King Abdullah of Jordan was the Arab world is pulling people together. They're pulling themselves together and saying, okay, we're gonna come to President Trump with an alternative plan. Okay, tell me what happened there. Because when Trump was like Gaza Gazi era, it'll be the Gazi era. You know, we're gonna send, we're gonna send them to Egypt and Jordan, we're gonna rebuild it.


It's gonna be beautiful. Well, Beirut was called the, You know, the Paris of Mediterranean. Everybody's, I mean, Alan Dershowitz, who's been going there for 60 years is saying it, it was like Singapore could Have been a totally, totally different happened situation. I'll what? He said, listen, so we're gonna invest billions of dollars. United States will be somehow be a part of it. How do we prevent this insanity from happening all over again? So say you shift these people around, you clear the rubble, you invest billions to rebuild. And another October 7th happens. And here we are, we been hearing, They're very determined to catch His, we've been hearing the same old talking points for 70 years and it keeps happening over and over again. So if he kind of shakes things up and proposes something radically new Yes.


Which he did. Yes. And, but he also sees, he changes the Conversations. But wait, that's what I'm going for. For, But he also sees an opportunity though, in that, but This is my question to you Yeah. Is do you think what's happening now is what Trump intended to have happen, which is we're not necessarily going in there to build Gazi, but we were hoping to start a conversation where the Middle Eastern countries would say, we might have a better idea, let us handle it and get a little bit more aggressive, which they've been hands off about It. I think both can be true. Right? Both can be true. At the same point, you can actually chart a vision to have, You know, this beautiful piece of real estate. Right. You know, just south of Beirut, which used to be called the Paris of the me Mediterranean, if we clear up the security situation, we get the international community to actually fund the rebuilding.


Hey, how do we prevent the same old thing from happening again? And how do we chart an actual positive future? And perhaps that has to kind of break some historic China. That's okay. Come back with a different plan. And that's what people are doing. Hmm. So does this thing go forward into phase two of the ceasefire? Because it, it turns out that Hamas did not return at least one of the bodies that they said they were going to the mother of those two babies. Right. It was a different corpse. I mean, it's just sick. And They, the, those, like, literally those conversations, I'll see Bebe's, national Security Advisor Monday now Ambassador Woff is, is is talking to them today.


I mean, this is a moving fluid, hour by hour situation. And You know, we need to get as many hostages out as we can. At the same time, we make sure Hamas never exists to do this again. Which is, which is Trickier, which situation that we spent this half hour talking about, You know, keeps you up more at night. I could see, I look thanks. Partially, well they all do. Europe is gonna be harder. I mean, that is a tough, tough situation. The, and the president has said this as well, Iran is on its back foot. We have a historic opportunity in Lebanon now with the own government, Christian Arab led government.


We have the fall of Assad, the decimation of, of Hezbollah. We have a tremendous opportunity in the Middle East. We have to make sure that, that this never happens again to Israel. And we will always stand with them. But we can see that pathway to get back to where we were the first term, which was the Abraham Accords. And the more we get back to talking about data centers and fiber and infrastructure and those conversations that become bigger, these historic animosities become smaller and smaller. That pathway is, is is going to happen. We just started this, You know, first step of a process of bringing the war in Europe to an end and charting that future.


We've seen the introduction of American leadership in the Western hemisphere again, and that's from the Arctic all the way down to the border down and taking on the cartels to the Panama Canal. The Arctic Heard Arctic also known as our 51st state And also known as Greenland. Right. It's a combo. They could be 51 and 52. The reality is the Danish government has treated Greenland like a, You know, like kind of a backwater. They don't have the defense assets over there. We see Russian icebreakers, we see the Chinese trying to get a hold of critical minerals. We see now shipping and fishing and other things happening to the north of our neighbor in Canada.


By the way, Canada's near the last in terms of defense spending itself again. What a shock. Shocker. You know, Trudeau came to the dinner and said, no, no, we're on a pathway to get to the minimum 2% 10 years from now. That was a commitment they made 10 years ago. Yeah. So just, it's unacceptable. And we also see Panama moving away from China. I've heard general after general when I was in Congress and Admiral come to the table and pound the table about China and the Western Hemisphere in our food energy ports. And now within a month we have the country overseeing the Panama Canal saying we're coming back to the United States, we're moving away from China.


Mm. One month. So all of this is, all of this is in train and it's Moving in the right direction. It's all moving in the right direction. Again. It's not gonna happen overnight. Again. We told the president, we have four years. He said, no, we don't. We're doing it right now. It Was me 400 days at least. Yeah. Yeah. All right. Thank you so much, Michael for being here. My pleasure. Yeah. Thanks for serving too. Thanks Michael.


Wells, everybody are rising costs or scaling challenges holding you back? Are you having trouble taking your business to the next level? Financial Yield Solutions, Inc. Or FYSI, provides tailored solutions for businesses generating 1 million to $10 million annually. From tax planning, advertising, and retirement strategies to scaling operations, FYSI helps businesses thrive for those considering selling their business, FYSI guides them through a winning exit strategy with confidence. With 500 billion raised for AI technology under the Trump administration, businesses cannot afford to be left behind FYS. I can even help you explore AI integration to lower costs, enhance efficiency, and increase profits in today's rapidly evolving tech climate. With over 14 years of experience, FYSI specializes in addressing the exact challenges business owners face. Book your free business review today to transform your operations, grow your profits, and secure your future. Visit FYSI dot com slash Megan or call 808 7 7 4,000. Success starts with FYSI.


There is a real and growing threat to your home and your equity. And it's called title fraud. Here's how it works. Criminals can forge a single document, file it with a recorder, and just like that, your home's title is stolen. They take out loans against your property, draining your equity, and you wouldn't even know that it had happened until it was too late. Here's the really scary part. Credit monitoring will not protect you from this problem, but I do wanna tell you about Home Title Lock To protect your home and your equity. Their exclusive triple lock protection will give you 24 7 monitoring of your home's title, urgent alerts if there are any changes, and a team of experts to help restore your title. If fraud happens at no extra cost, Home Title Lock is offering an exclusive 25% off their protection plans. Go to Home Title Lock dot com. Use promo code Megan 25 to get 25% off your subscription AND a free title history report. To ensure that you're not already a victim. Protect your home inequity today, Home Title Lock dot com. Promo code Megan 25


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G C's online, on campus, and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Caroline, I'm so happy you are here. I'm so happy to be here. How are you? I'm good. Are you exhausted yet? A little yet? No, I'm, I'm exhilarated. It's exhausting but exhilarating all at the same time. Tell Me everything. Do you love it? Is it what, yes. What is it? How is it? I love my job. Absolutely love it. I wake up every day and I feel very blessed to go through the gates of the White House. It's exhausting. It's all encompassing. It's 24 7, but it's amazing. And I work for a great president who's doing what he said he was gonna do. So it makes my job quite easy actually. You're So good at it. And I, I knew you were young. You're 27. I didn't know you were the youngest ever in this job. Yeah, I didn't realize that until after the announcement came out when the president officially named me and put out the statement.


And I saw that on the news myself. So I suppose that's, You were born to do it. Yeah. How, how were you born to do it? What, tell us about your background. Sure. I was raised in a family that was not political at all. Business, family, small business. We owned an ice cream stand in a used truck shop that my family still runs up in New Hampshire, which is where I was born and raised. And the fact that I grew up in New Hampshire, it kind of opened my eyes to politics, obviously being the first in the nation, primary state. But I went to school on a softball scholarship. I was an athlete my whole life. And when I went to college, St. Anso College to play softball, We always go there. It's A very politically active school. And I realized, wow, I loved news and media and politics and I was fascinated by it all.


And I kind of threw myself into all of these different opportunities on campus. And then one thing led to the next, and here we are. So you interned for Trump 1.0 yes. For the White House I did. While you were in college? Yes. Wow. Yes. What happened there? So 2016 was the first election I was eligible to vote in, voted for Donald Trump in the New Hampshire primary and of course in the general election. And I applied for an internship. A student who was a few years older than me, who's actually a producer at for a b, C at the White House now was a, a fellow student. And she was an intern under Obama. And I remember hearing her talk about it in class one day and I thought, that's fascinating.


I wanna be an intern for Donald Trump. So I literally went on White house.gov and applied for the internship. What? And they chose me, I don't know why, but They did. Young college age student from New Hampshire, which isn't the reddest of states. No. And a nonpolitical family wind up voting Trump in 16, not like voting for him this time around. Yeah. So I wrote two editorials in the St. Anselm Crier, our school newspaper. And one of the titles of one of the editorials was Why Donald Trump just keeps on winning. And at the time I, I realized he was speaking in layman's terms and he was saying things that I felt like really resonated with people of my background.


Right. Blue collar, small business, middle class, working family. My, You know, neither of my parents went to college. They worked very hard for everything they have. And watched my family business have some downturn during 2008 and the financial crisis. I was very young at the time, but that's my lived experience. You Weren't getting shunned by your friends? No, I wasn't the forgotten men and women. I think that message really spoke to me and a lot of people that I grew up with in that kind of blue collar town. Wow. And when I got to college I realized not everybody feels that way. Right. Especially my professors. And it really propelled me to just use my voice and, You know, dive into Politics. Well how so?


'cause people ask that all the time. Yeah. Do I tell my college student to fight openly for his or her beliefs? Or do I have them go along to get along to get the A's Get into the best law school, med school, business school by playing the game until you have more liberty. Yeah. What, where do you fall? Gotta speak your truth. It's the only way I believe. And I think when you show courage in sharing your values and opinions, people respect you more and it will work out and you'll land where you're supposed to be. Yes. Right. And maybe you won't get that job you were hoping for. You'll get denied by that school. But like God has a plan and it will work out for you for a reason. Yeah. And I think it's much more liberating to just be honest.


And I think this election showed that there's many more people in this country who feel the way that we do on the right than on the left. And I think the silent majority isn't silent anymore. And I think all parents should encourage their children to use their voice and have courage and You know, speak their truth. So I know the past couple years before you went into the White House, you, you were doing campaign work and comms work for Trump. But what about in the interim? Like what'd you do after Trump 1.0 until then? Yes. So Trump 1.0 started as an intern and then was offered a full-time job, which led me to working in the press office under Kaylee McEnany, who was my old boss. And remains a very good friend to this day.


And then went back home and actually ran for office. I briefly worked for Congresswoman Elise Nik, who will soon be our United Nations ambassador. And she has a, You know, a PAC that supports and encourages women to run for office. And had a conversation with her about being in New Hampshire and the district that I was from and You know, really got, sparked my interest to run myself. So I went back home and kicked off a congressional campaign, which was an amazing experience. I was in a very competitive primary. A lot of money from the DC establishment went into the race against me. There was a lot of negative ads. I won the primary, ultimately lost the general election.


New Hampshire's a tough state to win at the federal level unfortunately for a few reasons. But it worked out. Did that thicken your skin right up though? Totally. Oh my gosh. There's a reason for all of these Yes. Steps in that journey. I have so much respect for anyone who puts their name on a ballot because nothing is off limits. They will go after you and your family and everything is on the line when you decide to be a public servant and run. And, but I don't have no regrets. I met amazing people and it taught me so many skills in life lessons and it was a, a wonderful experience. You're a nicer person than I'm, I definitely do not have respect for anybody who puts their name on a ballot. I can think of several people Who never should have done that's there some people. Yeah.


But you're generous. Alright, so at the same time you're building a family life. Yeah. You fall in love. I didn't know until today that you married a man who's a lot older. Yes. He's 59. You're 27. Yes. How did that happen? I met my husband during my congressional campaign. A mutual friend of ours hosted an event at a restaurant that he owns up in New Hampshire and invited my husband and I was speaking and You know, we met, we were acquainted as friends and then we fell in love as you said. And Was there any like, I can't date him. He's 59, 57 Years. Yes, of course. I mean it's very atypical love story. But he's incredible. He's my greatest supporter. He's my best friend. He's my rock. And You know, he's built a very successful business himself.


So now he's fully supportive of me building, You know, my success in my career. And he's the father of my child of course. And he's the best dad I could ever ask for. And so supportive. Especially during this very chaotic, oh my gosh, period of life. Oh gosh. A poor man. He had no idea what was gonna Happen. I say, I say I walked into your life and it's been a circus ever since. But God bless him because he's fully on board. So he's An italiano. Yes, he's yes. And he's a lover. He's he's a romantic man. Yes. So there's your babe. Yes. Who was born in July. Yes. That's your little boy. My little boy. What's his name? Nicholas. And we call him Nico. Aw. Yeah, I know we talked about this a little backstage at the Super Bowl, but how are you handling, I mean true new motherhood is not even a year and this crazy job.


Yeah, It's a lot. No denying it. He's seven months. I had him in the midst of the presidential campaign three days before the president almost lost his life in Butler, Pennsylvania. My son was born on the 10th, president was shot on the 13th. It was my first day home with him from the hospital and it kind of threw me right back to work much sooner than I would've probably expected or hoped. But becoming a mother in the midst of this very chaotic political world that I work in has been the best thing I could have ever imagined. Because it gives you great perspective and it humbles you.


And my son doesn't give a crap about my job. No. Like he just wants me to come home and snuggle and play toys. Yeah. And be present. So it's, You know, a difficult balance to prioritize being good at my job and being good as a mother. But I just try to prioritize my time and carve out that time when I can. And I'm so grateful to have the support system. I do. You know, a great husband who can be very present with our child. And then of course a wonderful mother and father and friends who chip in when I need them. Your parents must be So proud of you. I think so. I hope So. Give a grandchild and access to President Trump in the same Year. Yeah, my mom actually was in town this week to help with our baby 'cause my husband had some work things to attend to and she came to my briefing yesterday.


Oh she was in the room. I was like, are you sure you wanna go in? She Get annoyed by pesky reporters being, well, well I brought In some backup yesterday. I brought in my boss, my colleague Walt and Miller, Steven and Kevin. So a lot of the questions were for them. So I asked her after I said, how was it? She was like, thank God all the questions weren't to you today. I would've been dying in there. So she enjoyed it very much. It's my, my nana who died at 101, she was in her elderly years, not that able to like get out and around. So if I had a important court argument Yeah. That was on tape. Right. I would show it to her and she would get so mad at the judges. She didn't think I that they should be allowed to ask me any questions. She didn't like opposing counsel. Yeah. Why is he saying that about you? They don't totally get it.


It's a Motherly bias. That's exactly that we have for our babies. Alright, so you are balancing with the baby. Can I just ask you one other question on that? Because we talk about it all the time, especially on the right and I too am a Working Mom and always have been. I, I've, You know, been a professional woman since I graduated from college or law school. But now there's I think a good thing which is like the restoration of valuing so-called traditional. Right. You know, moms and and that's great. The women who take care of their kids full-time. Most of my best friends are doing exactly that. But it seems like in the right there's like some, a bit of a shift toward like you can't do what Caroline's doing that's, that's actually like an unsafe or a dangerous or a bad choice for families, for children.


Which I reject wholesale. But you hear it more and more. Yeah. What do you hear that and what do you think of it? I would Reject that it's a bad choice. Is it a tough choice? Absolutely. You know, as a mother you want to be with your child 24 7. You have that maternal instinct. Well 27, not all the time. Well right now. Yes. 'cause he's seven months and just squishy and lovable. But I'm sure that will change. No, but it, You know, you do have that maternal instinct but also recognizing like I'm doing this work for my son and for all children to make this country better. And it's a once in a lifetime opportunity. Yes. It's also very, it's temporary, right? In four years my son will be four years old and the president will no longer be at the White House and then I'll move on and do something else.


But You know, this chaos of 24 7 work is a temporary matter. And that's what, at least I tell myself to get through these very long and hard days. But I would reject that you can't be a good mom and be good at your job. I think you can do both. It certainly not, it's not for everybody and it's takes a lot of of work and will and faith and prayer and it's hard but it can be done. And You know, I would reject that we Can't chase our great conservative moms out of the workforce. Right. And we get rid of you. We get rid of Katie Britt, we get rid of Usha Vance. Right. Like there, this is not the way Amy Coney Barrett is not the supreme.


Like that's not, that should not be the place, the conservative movement lands. I agree. Alright, so you, so now you start as White House Press Secretary and were you thrilled to get that invitation? Of course, Yes. I was very humbled and honored and I was campaigning, You know, with the president over the past year through the court trials. We sat in that courthouse in, in Manhattan with the brag trial. So many rallies. And we worked so damn hard to win that election. Like you must have really wrestled with how you were gonna meet the high bar set by Karine Jean Pierre. Was that Sorry, Sorry, is that out loud? No, she was Terrible. Yeah. I mean, come on. Yeah. So yeah, how has your approach differed, would you say?


I think it's vastly different. And if you ask people, even in the legacy media, even the Trump haters, they will tell you the approach has been much different. Not just for me, but the entire, the entire White House. Oh absolutely. They come in my office every day and they'll admit that off the record, oh, maybe not on the record, but they will say they appreciate the access and the transparency and the preparation that goes into my briefings. And everybody on our team, by the way, who goes out to the cameras and speaks. We have great policy experts who are great spokespeople for the president and they appreciate the information that they're being given. They're also exhausted, by the way. Oh, they must be. 'cause we are doing so much and Not even in a, like a sy sad little way.


Yeah. Like they must be exhausted because it's just, it's nonstop. It's insane. Yes. So who's your least favorite? Well, I did have a bit of a tiff this morning outside with our friend Peter Alexander. I saw it at NBC News. So, but it Was great. We'll drop in a clip of it. Yeah. Where he was really pressing you on on what, whether there's gonna be criminal prosecutions for this alleged, I'm just fraud in the waste, fraud and abuse. According to an IG report from the Social Security Administration, there was $71 billion worth of fraud in one single fiscal year that we know about. And so that is a lot of fraud. Peter, To be clear that $71 billion was from 2015 to 2022.


So it wasn't in just one year and it Was $71 billion. But it was, but it wasn't in one year. Just over multiple years from 2015 to 2022. So are you defending $71 billion in fraud, Peter? That's a lot of money not spending, why is the media so against cutting waste, fraud and abuse from the government? I don't get it. I just want to ask a question. We won't be deterred. We will not be deterred from people like you in the press. You Said something that wasn't true, which is you said that they have found before that they believe there have been tens of millions of people who were receiving money who are dead on the social security list. The same report that you referred to said that almost Peter, none of those individuals are Receiving money. Peter, did you watch the full clip of the interview that I did when I said that I clip that you played it correct.


And I said, there are a lot of unanswered questions and we suspect there could be tens of millions of people. And I'm saying the IG report Said, so you just said what I said is not true. In fact, it was true. That's a suspicion that this administration has, and we're committed to finding out the truth. But it's not, it perplexes me and also infuriates me. Why the media continues to make excuses for our government spending billions and billions of dollars and wasteful money. Right. Maybe they don't mind, but I know there's millions of people watching that do mind. So we're gonna keep doing what we're doing with Doche. It was a pretty incredible exchange where it was like 71 billion has been, You know, spent on fraudulent payments. And he's like, oh, but that was over many years.


Well, does it matter? Hello? I was like, there's one Report that showed $71 billion. Whatcha talking about Eyes on the ball? Yeah, exactly. All right, so that's good. I'm glad to hear the NBC guys out. Good choice. Sorry Peter. How do you prepare? Because you can't know everything. No, and you could get asked anything. And unlike Kain Jean Pierre, you're not out there reading and furiously flipping through your tabs to try to find an answer somebody else has written for you. Yeah. So how are you preparing? So I did prepare a binder for the first briefing. My great assistant Keegan put it together, and then I showed up to work and it was like this thick, and I was like, I can't, no way even move this.


I, I can't use this. It was too cumbersome for my brain and the way I learn and think and study to, to have that, it felt like added weight. And I said, I want to just go in there and speak from my mind and from my heart. Like your boss, Like my boss. And I've been working for my boss now on the campaign. I know the policies were enacting. We've been talking about them for years. And so, and in school I was that way, like studying. I would just read, You know, highlight, memorize, articulate, And then it goes off to the side. Yeah. And you talk. Exactly. And so that's been my, my method of preparation. No nerves. The first briefing.


I was certainly nervous. I think any human would, and I'm not afraid to admit that, but It must have been cool too to get up there. It was, You know, once I got up there, I realized, okay, like I can do this, I can do this. I know what I need to know. And now I feel very, You know, comfortable and confident and You know, I will never get complacent because I understand the weight of the responsibility on my shoulders, speaking on behalf of the President of the United States. So I remain as prepared today as I was on that first day. And I hope that's true four years from now. And I have, we have amazing people in that building who are so smart and know everything about every topic, and I rely on them. You know, I call Steven Miller or Mike Walter's team Great.


Or Kevin Hassett all the time, and I'm like, please explain this to me because I don't understand, but you do. So what's going on? What's, what's the most interesting or surprising thing you've seen at the White House? You know, like, this isn't a building you spent a ton of time in before. No, The people see every day, especially with President Trump and his calendar of meetings, You know, walking through the West Wing lobby, you can see anybody from Tim Cook to Tiger Woods as I saw yesterday. So You know what you see, but It sounds exciting, is Joe Biden's White House with the cocaine. Yeah. But it's good. Exactly. It's good. It's something and Hunter hanging around. Right. You just never know what you're, what each day will bring.


And that's what I love most about this job is every day is new and exciting. I'm sure it's true of every president, but especially this one. All right, let me turn and ask you about some items in the news. Yeah. Mr. Trump does not like polls that say he's going in the wrong direction. And a few came out this week suggesting his favorables have gone down any place from three to eight points. Eight points is the more left leaning pollsters. It feels like some people may be feeling like it's too much too soon. That's what the CNN poll seems to show when asked, like what specifically is upsetting you? Others suggest, well, I expected an economic turnaround faster and we're only 30 days in it. How do you read those polls and what do you want the electorate to know?


Each poll is a snapshot in a moment of time. Right. So they have to be taken, I think with the greater context of everything that's going on. Overall, the president's favorability rating remains higher today than it ever was in his first term. The majority of Americans support what we're doing. The number that has always stuck out to me is when you ask people, is Donald Trump doing what he said he was going to do? That number is astronomically high, anywhere from 65 to 85% based on the poll you're looking at. That to us tells us we need to keep moving forward and not get distracted by critics or certainly not the media because the president was very transparent and clear about what he wanted to accomplish.


He Still has clear majority support on things like immigration crackdown. Well, let me ask you, as somebody who's been with him on the campaign trail for years now, where you, you live and die by polls, or at least most politicians do, he will come out and rip the polls for sure. If, if he gets too many bad ones, we're gonna hear him rip on them soon. But like behind the scenes, does he react to them? You know, do you think they actually do influence him in some way? Like, okay, maybe I inch this way? I don't think so. I think he pays attention to the polls, but I don't think it changes him or what he's doing. He is who he is.


Right. And he's our leader and he calls the shots and we are there to execute his agenda and deliver on his message and communicate that. And he's doing again, exactly what he sought out to do. And so I don't think it influences his decision making process, but certainly as you pointed out, he pays attention to them. Do you, have you seen anyone on a Doge cot? A Doge cot? I haven't seen the cots. Okay. But I have seen the Doge geniuses Yeah. As we call them. Yes. Can you spot 'em from a mile away? Yes. Because they just look like the, the smartest kid you had at High iq, at school, high iq focused, gritty, like ready to work and very friendly.


Gritty is interesting. Yeah. So not like pocket protector, nerdy, like tech tech nerdy, where you're like a little more grungy. Yes. I would say I don't have the best visual. Yeah. So that's Interesting. They like to stay behind the scenes. These guys, of course, they're doing, they're working 24 7. Elon has them on those computers finding all this waste fraud in people. Right. And there, there's a lot to find in Elon's there all the time. Yes. Hannity asked the two of them something about this when he had Trump and Elon together, but it's clear the media's trying to drive a wedge between them now. Totally. I called it out at the briefing. I said, it is so evident what all of you are trying to do, and we are not going to let you get away with it. It may have worked in the first term. It's not working now.


And I say this, this is No BS no spin. This White House is so unified. We are having so much fun. Elon and the president are having so much fun. They're genuinely friends and everybody is moving at the direction of the president and of Susie Wiles, our incredible chief of staff who I have the utmost respect for. She's Another Working Mom. Another Working Mom. Yeah. There's a lot of working moms and dads in the West Wing, by the way. Gotta give a shout out to the working dads in there Too. I mean, they're the president and vice president, although the president doesn't have young children. Yes. Like JD does. Yeah. The vice president has three beautiful young children. Steven Miller has three young children. James Blair, who's one of our Deputy chiefs of staff, has three young children. Two of our deputy communications directors on the comms team have newborns.


Wow. There's babies. Yeah. The Easter egg roll is gonna be crazy. Yes. We look forward to It. We thought we had a lot with X inside the oval. Yeah. Wait until we get to Easter. Yes. Which was so cute. Oh, he's adorable. I was In there when I saw the nose picking, I was like, There was a report that the, that the resolute desk was sent out for a cleaning. Is that related? Are those two events related? Events Related? No, they are not. I would like to put the kibosh on that fake news I've seen. It has nothing to do with X. I Mean, who could blame him if it were, You know, Trump's a germophobe. And I'm not a germophobe, but I I He was digging for gold. Nobody was stopping him. The cameras were, he was unfazed. Every Toddler has done it. So Cute. Okay. Back into the news. And this is a turn, but the biba story in the news today, those two babies Terrible.


I like, it's affecting me. Yes. It's, yes. Like it just as a mother. I agree. And you have a Baby. I know. That's Like seven months. It, like, I get chills thinking about it. And there's no, I was saying yesterday, I spoke to the president about it yesterday morning, and he had seen the footage of the coffins, and I asked him, how should we even describe this? And talking to our team after I was drafting up a tweet, and I was like, there are no words to put out a statement to describe this horrific scene. I cannot imagine the pain of that father and husband who just lost his entire family.


And to say we mourn with him is an understatement. It's so sad. I just, the images of that mother holding her babies, She looks so scared, So scared. I, there's no words. And I'm, I think I'm pretty good with my words. And there are no words to just describe how sad and heartbreaking it is, but I think it underscores why we need to end this conflict. Why we need to eradicate Hamas. And the president sees these images and he's moved by them. And that's why he told Hamas very directly in the Oldville office, you will release all of these hostages, or there will be all hell to pay. He dictated that statement months ago. And look at what has happened. There was an extension to the ceasefire.


More hostages have come home. We released Mark Fogel from Russia. The whole world should take President Trump very seriously. He wants innocent people to be let out of captivity and ha and, and free from captivity. And he is a peacemaker. He that he believes in peace to his core, and he's gonna do whatever it takes to, to establish it. Trump is good at stoicism, which we tend to liken our men. Right. Very much So. That's we on the right. Yes. And, but when he sees something like that, I, I'm curious when about his reaction when that news was brought to him and they were literally celebrating these dead babies and coffins over there.


Do you think he feels it on like that gut level that we do? Absolutely. Absolutely. He does. You know, I can hear it. I was on the phone, so I couldn't see his expression, but I could hear it, You know, in his voice. Anybody with a heart, with a humanitarian heart has to feel for these innocent Israelis and, and these families. It's just, it's gotta be disturbing Like the, this particular family and being released in the way that they are for a reason. And all I can hope and pray is that like, like God is, he's steering this in, in the way it's happening. So that we're reminded of that. These are monsters. I don't see these people as human.


I really don't know somebody who could strangle a nine month old baby. I'm, you're not a human being. I don't know what you are, but you can't be negotiated with, you can't be accommodated. You must be annihilated. I like, and that's President Trump's job. And in a way, it's your job. You know, it's, it's why I almost see, when we were talking about you going back to work, okay. Four days after you had a baby. It's hard for a number of reasons physically and emotionally, but it's almost like a, a soldier being called up. Yeah. I, I, I suppose I've, I haven't thought of that analogy, but I felt compelled, You know, to go back to work, just knowing the, the gravity of the work that the president was trying to do at that time, we were campaigning and pitching to people why he should be elected.


And obviously it worked. And that's been such a fun part of this experience is seeing the president go from campaigning to governing and watching all of his promises come to life. You know, you talk about the monsters and of, of Hamas, the illegal immigrants that we have here that have taken the lives of American citizens. I was at the rally in Georgia when, a few days after Lake and Riley was killed, and Lakin's mother was backstage with the president and met him for the first time. And I witnessed that encounter, and God bless that woman. Yeah. But then to see her at the White House for the bill signing, the first piece of legislation that the president signed into law named after her beautiful daughter was so special.


And she was there teary eyed saying, president Trump is a man of his word. To see that come to life. And to see the president fulfill these promises that are the mom of Mark Volle. Exactly. The, the, the guy, the Russian priest, 95-year-old mother, the president met her in Butler. She was supposed to have a call up on stage. It was inserted into his speech. He was going to call her on stage so she could advocate for the release of her son the Day he got shot, The day he got shot. So she never made it on stage. Oh my gosh. And she told CBS news following the assassination attempt, You know, that the president was so warmed to her. And he told her backstage, if I'm elected, I will bring your son home.


Think about it. And he did it within four weeks. So Trump gets Vogel home right away. Trump made, I mean, basically makes, made this hostage deal happen between totally Hamas and Israel saving lives, and at least in this case, returning the bodies of the dead to their family so they can be properly buried. Trump does what he says he's gonna do with Lake and Riley's mom. Trump spent the time with the gold star families from the disastrous Afghanistan withdrawal when Joe Biden never did, who stood by him then when they tried to attack him for going to Arlington Cemetery and, and somebody taking his picture in a certain area, they all stood by him, came out publicly and saying, stop that.


He's been good to us. It just, You know, you might say, if you were an objective observer not suffering from TDS, that this is actually a good man. What do you think people are missing? Why do the lunatics who suffer from TDS not see it? Why can't they get, be beyond their hatred of him? I think they're blinded, unfortunately, by their hatred. And they don't see the good, because likely the news outlets that they pay attention to don't share the good that we're doing. I have M-S-B-D-N-C as we call it, on my TV in my office all day long because I want to see what they're reporting to laugh and what they're saying.


And I need to laugh every now and then too. And they're never reporting on the good that we're doing on a daily basis at the White House. It's always negative. A hundred percent of the coverage is negative. So when you are being indoctrinating with such bias, of course you're going to believe this person is an evil monster. When couldn't be further from the truth. I know that just looking at what he's done, but also on a personal level working for him. But again, I think it's a smaller and smaller percentage of people in this country who feel that way. I think the vast majority of of Americans see the President as a strong and tough leader who when he says he's gonna do something, he's gonna do it.


And that's just been proven by his first term record. And then of course, the first four weeks, look at all that he's done. My observation over here is that some of the, that little dip in the polls is due to these guys. It is wall to wall negative coverage. Look at this, this one CNN poll, all right. Today, which shows a dip to some extent in the approval. They get to listen to this, the Trump policies trying to deport 11 million undocumented migrants. Okay, whatever. But illegal aliens. Right? So that's what they're called. The, the public's still with them. 51% of US adults support. And then we get down to U-S-A-I-D shutting down the agency that provides humanitarian aid in low income countries.


Oh, amazingly, 30 or 59% of the American public opposes that. Hmm. I I would've gathered that you would've styled that a little differently. Interesting framing. Right. Of a program that has sent hundreds of millions of dollars to overseas programs that do absolutely nothing for humanitarian purposes with A trans opera in Columbia. It's a no. Why are We, why are we fu funding vasectomies in Mozambique? Why are we funding DEI and Serbia and sex changes in Guatemala that does nothing for working class people in this country? And that is just one agency of many, one program of many that Doge and the administration are looking into.


It is fascinating, but also infuriating. Yeah. What they are discovering on a daily basis. Are You getting, You know, a closer up view? Yes. But like, are, are you getting more insight Yes. On how they do it now that you're in this role? Yes, absolutely. And it's much more simple than the media is spinning it to be. They're making it seem like it's this chaotic operation. It's actually not. It's very simple. Doge Doge has individuals who are, again, genius level tech nerds, if you will, for lack of a better term, who are onboarding at every agency as political appointees. Just like I onboarded as a white at the White House as a political appointee.


This is what happens from administration to administration instead of, like under Biden and Harris, you have a bunch of left wing bureaucrats who are onboarding now. We have outsiders who are here to shake up the swamp onboarding, to administer President Trump's agenda. They are working at the direction of the secretaries at these agencies. You saw our new Secretary of Ag, Brooke Rollins put out a, a photo, a selfie yesterday with some of the Doge engineers that are now AG employees. And they're helping her dig into the books go line by line to identify the waste and the fraud and abuse. So this is a whole of government effort. The president obviously appointed Elon to head it up. The department of government, offic efficiency is a promise they campaigned on.


And ultimately the president is directing all of this, but every secretary across the board is on board with this. They're Welcoming us Idea. Yes, absolutely. Making, we're all working Together. They're making sound in the press. Like Elon's in there with his magnifying glass, looking up our salaries and his competitors, You know, financial data. And this is all about, I, I guess Elon's get rich quick scheme. I'm not sure why he needs to look at our data. Yeah. I, I loved his comments addressing it at CPAC yesterday. He was like, there's no country in the world who can afford me. If even if they did wanna buy me, they can't afford me. You know, he has nothing to gain from this. He truly cares about humanity and the future of our country.


And it is a fact that the United States of America is going to go bankrupt unless we have massive reform or, and change. And that's what the people voted for. And so we will not be deterred by the Peter Alexanders or the mainstream media hacks who are, You know, trying to fear monger people. And I think it's really sad that the media's trying to do that, but it Shut down his agenda. Exactly What, speaking of media hacks, can we talk about it? The Associated Press? Sure. I'd love to. It's, is it censorship to tell them they can't go into the Oval or on Air Force One, They, their argument that this administration is not standing up for the First Amendment is preposterous.


You have a president of the United States who within hours of taking the oath of office, welcomed journalists into the most intimate corner of the American presidency, the Oval Office, to ask him questions for more than an hour on every topic under the sun. He has done that on a near daily basis. And when he's not doing that because he's too busy with meetings, even though he'd love to do it every day, I, as his press secretary am out there, we have administration officials going to the cameras every single day. They are hearing from this White House in this admin. Their transparency is off the charts and the Associated Press still has their White House credentials.


They still have a seat in the press briefing room. They are still welcome to cover this administration, but nobody has a right to enter the Oval Office. It is a privilege to cover the United States. And I said it in my first briefing, we are going to hold people accountable that push lies. And the President believes deeply that American news outlets should be reporting the truth about the Gulf of America. And that's not all with the Associated Press' style book. No. Oh No, don't get me started. Don't go. They Don't even wanna call women mothers. They wanna call us birthing people. You know, they removed Hamas from their style book for some very odd reason. They, I have a whole list.


It's actually in my purse. I've carried around with me as a souvenir Everywhere Of all of the crazy things in the AP style books. So look, they are welcome to cover this White House. And there are hundreds of outlets on that campus who show up every day in good faith to cover this administration with accuracy and, and truthfulness that don't have the privilege of being in the Oval Office every single day because they're not the ap. Well, guess what? We're gonna start giving those media outlets a seat at the table. They deserve to be in front of the Resolute desk asking the president of the United States questions, what gives the AP greater privilege than no, nothing Should. Nothing. If they would behave the way they behaved 50 years ago, maybe they would still have their seat.


Absolutely. And but if you look at what's happened to them over the past 10 years, it's been complete leftist radical Yes. Capture. Yes. And they are no longer that unbiased organization. Unfor are, unfortunately. Are You surprised that all the organizations, including Fox and Newsmax signed this letter to as part of the White House press correspondence saying we stand with them. It was a little surprising some of the names on the list, but it doesn't phase us. You know, again, there are thousands of reporters across the country who will fly to Washington DC to cover this president in a minute. And they Did amazing AP I I can cover President Trump just fine from my desk in Connecticut. Exactly. You'll be okay. Three Hurts you get, you can get the pool reports, we'll send them to you.


You can get the pool fees somehow I've managed. Yeah, Exactly. And Like I said, we just had a local media row. We had a bunch of outlets come to Washington, local radio stations, local tv. They were so honored to be grateful. Right. And grateful for the opportunity. And they're covering the White House with honesty and transparency. And they reached 60 million people across the country, across the heartland. So James Rosen, we, we'll get our message out just fine without the associated President Noble Office. Ask one question of President Biden about his mental health. Yeah. And he did not get called on or offered a question for the next 18 months. That's true. No one had a problem with that. No one was saying, we stand with James Rosen.


Yeah. What you're doing is wrong or you're effectively freezing him out of the briefing room by doing this. Or of the Fox News reporters, Peter Ducey and Jackie Heinrich who didn't get questions for, I believe it was 12 weeks from the previous press secretary. And we are still welcoming the legacy media into that room. And You'll take questions from the ap. I take question. I took, we took four questions from Kaitlyn Collins yesterday. I mean, we take questions from everybody. We're not afraid of that because we have truth and facts and statistics on our side. But the legacy media doesn't deserve this superior, superior access. There's many other outlets who have far greater reach like this Megan Kelly show.


I'm sure you have many more viewers than SNBC will tonight. 100%. Yeah. I mean, to quote Trump about Rosie O'Donnell on the ap, there are a bunch of losers and they've been losers for a long time. That's the truth. Sorry. Accurate. Do better. And you'll probably get a more of a red carpet Right. Beat out for you. You two can get back in the old, it's not like he's saying, cover me nicely. Exactly. He know, he knows they're not going to do that. Right. He's saying, I'm the president. I renamed this thing. You accept name changes like that when it pre presents some woke ideology. Exactly. This isn't an afront to me and my administration. No doubt. So I, maybe I'm in the wilderness on it, but I'm team Trump on that one. Thank you. Not team, white House Press Corps.


Caroline, good luck with everything. Thank you. Ah, it's so thanks for having, Having me. It's good to see you, Megan. Yeah, likewise. Thank you. More to come. Ah, she was amazing, right? Th there's what a, what a pair we have in those two are so lucky that they're willing to serve. Okay, before we go, wanna tell you that this episode's coming out a little late today. 'cause I came down to dc I interviewed the my guests, and then now I'm heading over to CPAC, where I'm going to be offering some remarks and you'll see Caroline there as well. And all of these guys are there. But we'll be releasing those just a bit later. I'm not sure if we're going gonna do it later tonight or early tomorrow morning, but it'll hit our feed. So keep refreshing and thanks to all of you for not only tuning into the Megan Kelly show this week, but also our new am update that show's crushing it.


Thank you so much for tuning in, whether it's on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly, or on podcast, you guys seem to be liking it. And while it is definitely extra work for us, I think we all feel like it's a worthwhile endeavor. And I, You know, in the Trump era, you've gotta stay on top of the news so you'll get left behind. So we're all gonna do it together. Thanks for listening, guys. Have a great weekend and we'll talk to you later. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Life is busy and finding time to shop for clothes can feel impossible. That's why DailyLook is a game changer. The number one premium personal styling service for women. Here's how it works. A stylist curates a box of up to 12 pieces tailored to body shape, preferences and lifestyle. Whether chic, office outfits or cozy, everyday looks are needed, DailyLook delivers what fits the moment. Everything can be tried on at home and you keep what works. And send back the rest with free shipping both ways. It's a seamless, stress-free way to elevate any wardrobe. DailyLook works with top brands like Kate Spade and more offering premium pieces for every occasion. Sizes go from extra small to three x zero to 24. Making it an inclusive styling service for everyone. Daily looks, mission is simple. To elevate personal style while saving time and effort, it's time to get your own personal stylist with DailyLook. Head on over to da to DailyLook dot com to take your style quiz and use code Megan for 50% off your first order. DailyLook dot com for 50% off. And make sure you use my promo code, Megan, so they know I sent you DailyLook dot com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N.