
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com


At one 800 flowers.com. We know that connections are at the heart of being human. Whether celebrating life's joys or comforting during tough times, 1-800-FLOWERS helps you express what words can't. For nearly 50 years, millions of trusted 1-800-FLOWERS to deliver thoughtful gifts that help create lasting bonds, because it's more than just a gift. It's your way of showing you care. Visit one 800 flowers.com/s XM and connect today. That's one 800 flowers.com/s xm.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, and happy Friday. It's been a very busy week here at the show down in DC for my exclusive Tulsi Gabbard. Sit down on Wednesday, then in New York City with Dave Portnoy for the full show yesterday. So we have planned a little fun for you today. To close out the week, we're gonna have Mike Rowe joining us in just a bit. But before we get to him, we are going to bring you the full Blonde Origin world premiere, and then we will have an all the stars of the show right after, including Maureen Callahan, Mark Halperin, link, Lauren and my friend and hairstylist Sarah Clemente, and you'll see why she's involved.


Before we play it for you, I wanna tell you, we had so much fun doing this that we made it so that you can join in on the fun too. You can go to, we just created this shop megan kelly.com and get some Blonde Origin merch. There are hats. There are notebooks. There are mugs. We are leaning in to this massive troll. Go to shop megan kelly.com right now. Join the Blonde Origin trolling fun this spring.


Everyone has a lot going on with limited time for grocery shopping or cooking healthy meals. At Home Hungry Root offers a convenient solution. Hungry Root Acts as a personal shopper and nutritionist handling weekly grocery shopping and recommending healthy groceries and meals tailored to individual tastes, nutrition preferences, and health goals. It simplifies eating high quality, nutritious food, and achieving various diets of health goals such as anti-inflammatory, gluten-free, and more. Most of Hungry Root's recipes can be prepared in just 15 minutes or less. And with over 15,000 recipes shipped each week, there's something for every taste and nutrition preference. Take advantage of this exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box PLUS a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry root.com/megan/mk and use code mk. That's Hungry root.com/mk code mk to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life hungry root.com/mk code mk.


Without further ado, the world premiere of Blonde Origin, Lift off. Please don't call it a Ride when zero Gravity left Some with zero clue Space. Have you been? Have you been, Three women were brave enough to answer the call. It's not a ride, it's a mission. This is special coverage of Blonde Origin. Zero gravity, zero clue. Here are your hosts, Mark Halperin and Link.


Lauren, You are looking live, not at Lambo Field, but at LaGuardia Airport. It is a beautiful day to make history a beautiful day to defy Gravity Link. Welcome into our coverage. Glad to have you or your veteran of these space launches. How do you see today? You know, mark, it's great to be with you. I just spoke to a source in Connecticut that said Megan's husband, Douglas Bru just took out a massive life insurance policy on her this morning, but I'm sure that is not suspicious whatsoever. What could possibly go wrong? Link. I can't help but reflect on the great astronauts in American history. Buzz Aldrin, John Glenn are our three heroes today, likely to enter the pantheon of greatest Ever. You know, I can't tell if Buzz Aldrin would be proud of these women or if he'd be trying to slip a Mickey in their drinks at the bar.


But nonetheless, they are really opening doors. Mark Link. Let's meet our three brave astronauts today. The crew made up of three first timers, brave Souls, who are going where no one has gone before her. Very many people have gone before. Megan Kelly, of course, she's a journalist and attorney, political commentator, and of course, a successful host on our program that appears on SiriusXM and on YouTube. Joining Megan for this historic mission. Maureen Callahan, columnist for the Daily Mail and the host of The Nerve podcast on the Megan Kelly network. And finally, Sarah Clemente. She's a hairstylist, one of Megan's close friends. Her number one priority today, link, making sure that everyone's hair looks absolutely flawless, even at zero G.


Absolutely, mark. It doesn't really matter what you're doing, as long as you look great doing it. These women could be on the cover of Vogue tomorrow, and I hope they are for the scientific feat going up into zero gravity. Yeah. For some of these first time space Travelers Link, this would be as tough as Pete Davidson at a Kardashian family reunion. What are the challenges they're facing today? Well, I think these women are gonna prove once and for all that silicone Botox, Juvederm hair extensions can survive in zero gravity. This is a scientific feat, a scientific miracle. This is gonna be amazing, mark. Okay, here we go. The nation indeed linked the world is watching. What kind of pressure are these young women on?


These women are under immense pressure. They are up there with Buzz Aldrin and other space travelers who have paved the way for them before. Mark, You know, mark, what I think is going through these women's heads is that they are opening doors for women. These three women are proving once and for all. There's nothing a woman can't do that a man can, as long as it's for a few minutes, and they don't have to operate any heavy machinery. These women have worked incredibly hard. The athletic prowess of these three women is unmatched by anybody I've seen before. Mark. Here they are at one of the great historic space sites in the world, LaGuardia Airport, walking to what is their date with Destiny. On A scale of one to 10, these women are at an 11 right now.


Anna Wintour from Vogue would be incredibly proud of these women. They look incredible. Mark Mission Control says they're cleared for takeoff. This could not be more exciting. We got this. Our crew's working in what's called a modified Boeing 7 27. It's GForce one, great technology inside GForce one, it uses special hydraulics, allows for maneuvers to achieve zero gravity. Mark, I would never attempt this in my wildest dreams. Now, like these three are comrades and colleagues, but they're also, they've got a competitive streak. Let's be honest. When you look at them, who's got the best as the space correspondent?


Lady Gaga would say? PPPP. Poker fist. I think Ms. Megan Kelly herself, looks like she is really up to the challenge. She's got her zipper down. She's got her stylish boots on. She's got her hair perfectly coed. I think Megan Kelly is in it to win it today. Mark, you ready For your ride? Please don't call it a ride. That's a sexist thing to do. When men are on board one of these crafts, one of these vessels. No one ever calls it a ride. Tens of millions watching us live around the world, and some of the more famous people in this country have gathered to experience history in the making. And look, oh, no. Oh yes. Lady. Oprah in the house.


You know, we can't tell if Oprah is crying tears of joy or if she's crying because she's not the center of attention for once. Not clear why Oprah's weepy. But this is a dramatic and emotional moment, I think for many of us. And now let's watch as the women experience lunar gravity for the very first time. It's getting quiet. Whoa, whoa. Oh my God. Oh, whoa. Up. Stand up.


Stand up. Like according to the Encyclopedia, Britannica are, or maybe I saw it on Twitter. Most of the moon landings have been faked. This though seems all too real. Mark. This is absolutely 100% authentic. Whoa. Are my eyelashes still on? Is my still a coat? Okay, who's my Botox? Still Between the eyes. Oh God. Like I never saw John Glenn fix his eyelashes. This is a, A new frontier. A final frontier, if you will. Well, mark, beauty is incredibly important. And these three women are proving that silicone filler, Botox, fake eyelashes, hair extensions, can survive and thrive.


Oh my God. In zero gravity. Woo. What? Well, this is exciting. Now the women are about to experience true weightlessness for the very first time. Let's look. It's happening. Pushing over. Zero four. Woo. Oh my God.


Link in spaces and sports records are made to be broken. I'm told our heroes today have shattered the mark set by the gals from Blue Origin. Tell us what they've done. Mark, these women have spent twice as much time in weightlessness than any of the women on that ridiculous 11 minute Blue Origin ride back here on earth. Sales of Ozempic are plummeting because women have found a way to be weightless without any GLP dash one drugs. Mark, this is incredible. It's happening. Happening. It's happening. Gimme it. Oh my God. Oh, take you on space.


It's not a ride. It's not a ride Link. Like all the events in the world today, social media, paying close attention to our heroes. Here's one tweet I'll read to you. This is from RX 42 45. It says, Blue Origin, weightless Blonde Origin, weightless. We knew your expectations of us were high. And we exceeded them. We exceeded them. It's the whole world. I think. I'm like, it's the whole world.


Ready? Get in Possession here. Megan Kelly going for the water. She's going. She's going. Oh, it's a miss. Let can see if she tries again. Yes, I'm inspirational. Megan Kelly won for two link that gets you in the Hall of fame. If you play for the New York Yankees, Get it right there. Absolutely Mark. And as Megan Kelly said herself, she is an inspiration catching that water and zero grab shot. Let's look at this again in slow motion. Megan Kelly, thirsty. As all get out, you don't lose your taste for the drink, even in zero gravity. And not only are these women thirsty for water, they're thirsty for fame, they're thirsty for attention.


But in 2025, it's perfectly acceptable. Mark, Welcome home. Brave Space Angels. We knew you could do it. I still have difficulty calling myself an astronaut. I know, I know. Here are heroes descending back. Their son kissed. And now wait a minute, Nick. I've heard of kissing the ground under such circumstances, but this to me looks to be a full on Makeout session. You know, mark, I think these women should buy the ground a drink first. I also know there are a lot of men who would be jealous of the ground right now. This is a grand space tradition. NASA has done it for years. The names of our heroes turned right side up and upside down.


And now let's listen in for the first time back on earth to our star heroes from space. I think it's such a wonderful world. Should we sing a little bit? I don't see shades of of blue. Trees of green. Nothing to Myself. Well, wonderful. Here are space's, top talker, Megan Kelly. Did I mention how proud I am of Me? You know, you tend to do that.


I forgot for one second, but Yes. Yes, you are. I know, I know. And not just to girls and women, either boys too. Boys and men, they all find me very inspirational. Courage. How was the ride? I don't appreciate when people call it a ride. It's not a ride. They never say that for the other astronauts. It's a flight. It's a mission. Okay. That's what there's, there's nothing frivolous about what we just did. Okay. It was a flight. It was, it was a mission and it was mission accomplished. Well, a little bit of unhappiness there for Megan. Maybe not getting the respect she thinks she and her crew deserve. You know, mark, how dare anybody call this a ride?


This is a mission. These women were incredible. This is a scientific feat. They trained, they worked hard. This is amazing. Mark. You know, mark, my producer is saying, we've got Megan on the line. Yeah. Hi guys. It's mk. Look, I don't know what's happening here, but I don't hear us being called astronauts enough or at all. You know, we did the same flight path as Alan Shepherd. Astronauts. Astronauts. Okay, I'd like to hear that a bit more. Please. Guys. Got it right there. If you could please focus on what matters. I would really appreciate it. I gotta run. I have some more selfies to take, but thanks so much for your coverage.


Bye. That was Megan. Kelly. Megan, we understand your point of view. We rejected summarily, but we do understand Link an incredible historic day. My mind wanders to times at the beach or going to Coney Island and winning a stuffy. But tell me your reflections. What has this meant to you? As someone who's covered space lunches for, I don't know, 20 minutes. I am just overcome with emotion. I'm incredibly proud of these three women for everything they went to, and the lead up to the launch for surviving Zero Gravity and making it back down to Earth Safe and Sound.


This concludes our special coverage of Blonde Origin. Are you inspired yet? And remember, it's not a ride, damnit. That is not a frigging ride. Whenever a man goes out, you have never said to an astronaut boy, what a ride. There was nothing frivolous about what we did. Take You on space. Oh God. So good. Okay. And now joining me, the stars of the show here in studio with me, Sarah Clemente, plus the stars of MK Media, our new network, Maureen Callahan, Mark Halperin and Link.


Lauren guys. Mark and Maureen. And Link, what a launch for your podcasts, both literally and figuratively. Mark Halperin. I never knew you were so funny, but that was hysterical. Well done you guys. And I just thank you. I'm honored to participate and I just channeled channeled Fred Willard from Best In Show. That was my inspiration. A Hundred percent. Exactly. So Maureen, I haven't gotten to see, I showed it to Sarah this morning as she was doing my hair. But that was your first view of it. What did you think? I literally have tears coming out of my, like, I just, I had no idea what this was going to look like, pieced together.


I think that having Mark and link as the brave journalist covering, and quite frankly, acknowledging exactly what we did, how we did it, how brave we are, not for nothing. My updo stayed intact throughout 15 weightless parabolic arcs. I would like some recognition for that. I would like Gail King to summon us to like a little summit for the brave souls that we are. And I, I just thank God for you two, Megan and Sarah, because frankly, I'm phasing people out of my life who have not been. If you haven't been you, you can't talk about it. And, and I really appreciate Link. You are recognizing the sacrifice that we were making and the risks from, from the silicone to the Botox to the Juvederm.


I mean, you, you knew exactly where to zero in on, on the great scientific experiment that was that ride. Well, absolutely. I also knew you guys were a little bit crazy, but you're the only people I know who would pay to go to LaGuardia willingly when you don't have to. I don't know anybody who would just choose to go to LaGuardia on a Sunday morning unless they had to. But yeah, no silicone Botox, filler hair extensions. We can't have a hair emergency in space. That'd be up there with the Challenger emergency. We can't. We can't. Everything has to be good. That's right. So we planned ahead And we brought Sarah, who was our Lauren Sanchez inspired character. True. She's not normally running around showing off her breasts. I'm not. This was, She looks more natural. Yeah, it was inspirational, You know.


Exactly. It was inspired by, it's Very inspired by, watched a lot of videos. Did you have any hesitation when I, when I called you and said, would you like to go to space? How quickly did I answer? I mean, immediately. Yeah. I said, I knew this was gonna happen. Yes. Yeah. Are we gonna die? No. And Sarah, hopefully Not, not only was the hairstylist in space, but also the pharmacist. She gave me one of those Zofran. Is that Z, right? Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. Because what we actually wrote is officially nicknamed the Vomit Comet. Yep. And that was the last thing we wanted to do. We didn't see any of the Blue Origin ladies throw up, and we'd be damned if we were gonna throw up. So we took a Zofran and there, there was some nausea on my heart. I'm gonna Lie. And we also had the, we had The little, Little bands.


I, I don't know what would've happened if we didn't. I I shuttered a thing. Yeah. Mark, I appreciate you referring to us properly as your brave space angels and astronauts. Let's not forget Yeah. Astronauts too. And I, I also thought it was very wise of you to, to point out how LaGuardia it really is. The new Cape Canaveral. It is. People think of it as kind of a crappy place where you like said you have to go. But for me it's like, You know, Fenway Park or Walt Disney World is one of the great American sites. I I do want to show the audience, You know, one of the things we know about the Blue Origin flight is that those ladies trained, it was, it was long in depth training as the commentators who were watching their launch pointed out.


And we have some video of our training as well that we wanted to show the audience. Here's a little, a bit of it. Let's put it on the board. Yeah. That's what No, no, no. There was buckling of seat belts. This is not the training. There was buckling of seat belts. And You know what else there was, I mean, this is the true sacrifice. But Maureen, Sarah, and yours truly, we were not allowed to drink the night before and the morning of. Why don't you tell the people, Sarah, what we had to eat? Well, we had to eat a plain bagel. Right. Not toasted. Right. So it made that experience not as great as it should have been for us to eat a bagel. But Exactly. If we're gonna do and Link Lauren, I mean, you of all people can appreciate We ate huge bready carbs for this thing.


Yeah. S a sacrifice. I was gonna say, you guys had to eat carbs before going into space. I'm just so happy I didn't have to go up there. When your producer Steve called me and said, do you wanna go to space with Megan Kelly? I was like, how do I get out of this? I am the biggest baby cat. I drive under the speed limit. I lock my door three times a night. I don't go home with strangers. Except on rare occasion, I did not want to go up there. Okay. I would've been scared for my life. I'm so happy you all got to go and have that experience without, well, I have to say, not only did Sarah say yes immediately, but poor Maureen, who's now been dragged into two of these things. I mean, your acting career, Maureen is off to a with a bang. I mean, I heard you referenced it on your new show, The Nerve with Maureen Callahan.


But I mean, you're like in a words ceremony territory now. Well, Megan, let's be fair. I mean, I'm hearing it for both of us. You know, we're a two-hander. We're a team, You know, Emmy. Like I would, I would like to be getting my SAG card imminently. I think I deserve it. And You know, now we've added astronaut to our resume. I mean, what can't we do? I ask you what can't we do? The nothing's coming to mind. I mean, as Mark pointed out, did you see me get that second drop of water? I mean, like, professional, sir, I, I know. 'cause I caught that drop of water in my eyeball. I mean, I mean, no dis I mean, no disrespect, but I think the answer to what can't you do would be the G and ego based on the singing in the video. Oh, yeah.


Oh God. Oh, G's been, It was slightly off tune. I'm, I'm Just saying Grammy may be the last one you get. I'm not saying you'll never get it Because that might be left. I don't think, I don't think you guys will ever be winning any Oscars. You're way too Caucasian. Okay. If you are non-binary A That's True. You know, maybe Exactly right. It's a little too parody. So white never, never wins the award. I have to say, I huge shout out to our producer Jake Whitman, who did both that and the Meghan Markle takeoff parody that we did, who is incredibly talented, put together those AI astronaut shots of us and got the, that flight, You know, that is what our flight did. But I mean, like, I, I doubt somebody took actual video of our flight, and It was the night before that you were like, Jake's gotta come.


Oh. So we knew that Jake was gonna produce this whole segment, but they had told us originally at Zero Gravity that we couldn't have a photog on board because he would get sick. They basically say, only people who are very used to going up in zero G can look through a lens and not barf. And so they said no. And then Jake was like, well, they said you three can go up with with GoPros. And I was like, oh, geez. We'll, we'll never survive with those GoPros. We'll be well and 'em all over each other. I'm like, if we can bring up a GoPro, then we can bring up Jake. And so literally the night before, I'm like, do you wanna come? He, and he too is brand new you guys to the MK Media property. And he was like, when when do I show up? Welcome aboard.


Mission, mission accomplished. We're all going into space together. I have to say, I think that this was an important moment for America. I think this is the healing moment. We needed Maureen in getting past the trauma of those morons two weeks ago. I couldn't agree with you more. And I really, You know, to Mark's point that LaGuardia is now the equivalent of Cape Canaveral. I think a, a plaque should be placed on that tarmac. Mk me, Sarah, the contributions we have made to womankind and feminism and yeah. Not for nothing like keeping your glam intact, going through 15 major parabolic arcs in which I personally slammed into the ceiling.


Into the walls. Yes. Into the floor. Like, yes. I, I defy a man to do it. I just, I defy a man to do it. Yes. That's exactly right. And Sarah, did you accomplish your mission of making sure your number one priorities, mark put it that everyone's hair looks absolutely flawless and zero G. So as someone who's been skydiving, so I'm a professional skydiver and an astronaut. Yeah. All in one, right? I was un I did not know if the, if hair was gonna be like how it is skydiving, which is not good. Not attractive. It's the extensions are gone. All of it, You know. And myself, You know, the extensions would fly right out. Anyway, I was taken aback by how good hair looks in zero gravity.


Yes. It adds a plump, it adds volume. Yes. It was floating Maureen's hair stayed. It was incredible. There were no bobby pins flying out. And I have to say it was good kudos to you for choosing the pony ponytail for yours. Truly. Yeah. Oh, we forgot to put on our hats. Oh Yeah. Oh. Oh. And we Forgot our celebratory, oh, hold On. Forget it. Wait, hold on. Sell the merch. Sell the merch. Yeah. We got sell the, so I actually, There's Our hats wanna drive around with this. But the, the ponytail really worked up there because our goal was of course, as with the other team, to be as frivolous as humanly possible while we lectured everybody that there was no frivolity. And I think we nailed that.


I think Jake nailed that in the producing too. Juxtaposing the shots. I was debating bringing heels because I studied her videos, Lauren Sanchez's videos and she was in fact wearing heels. Oh my God. She was wearing a necklace. I was told I could not wear jewelry. It would hit me in the face. So, You know, a lot, a lot was put at risk there us. That's right. For Us. Right. Yeah. We, we were taking real risks And we are wearing the Blonde Origin hats. That is our merch. You can go to shop megan kelly.com to get a variety of things. Either these hats that we all have the hats read. Don't call it a ride. Have you been, there's a little notebook you can get with the label.


I'm inspirational. There's a mug. Yeah. Quoting Lauren Sanchez. So dark, so quiet. Lots of fun. Merch with our logo. I'm inspirational. Was my favorite. It's, I don't so dark. I'm not sure. I don't Mark, you're the most seasoned journalist here. Does it work when the subject of a report tells the audience exactly what they should be feeling about her? Most journalists I know are more into show than tell, but there was a lot of tell going, A lot of tell going on there. I mean, I felt like lead the horse to water and maybe it will drink. Yeah. A shot At it. Alright, so we've gotta talk for a minute about how this came about.


So Maureen, we did our Meghan Markle parody And we were talking about these morons in that same two hour show we did two Fridays ago. And how, just how ridiculous they were and how self-congratulatory, nobody would've made fun of them if they had just taken that flight and come back down and said, that was really cool. Wow. Amazing. But they took themselves so seriously. They literally were insisting that we call them astronauts. They were, Gail lectured us on how inspirational she was. I mean, we got crazier and crazier. And so you and I, as we are want to do, mocked them mercilessly. And that night, Doug and I went out to dinner and I was like, 'cause we had played that Martha Stewart clip of her doing the zero G flight.


And I'm like, we have got to do it. We, we, Doug and I were talking about how I'm like, I gotta get Maureen And we gotta go back up there. And we were like, who, who else could we get? We, that's where you came in link. We were like, we blink would probably be our next, our victim. But he, he was too afraid. So, and he had no breast to show. So Sarah, Sarah was actually a good, good choice. And in any event, I said to Abby, can you contact these guys and see how expensive this flight would be? You know? 'cause it's probably not cheap. Literally the next day, without Abby having yet contacted them, they contacted me. They had seen the segment and they had the same idea.


Like, she probably would love to come up here and give this a try. So I didn't even have to hide from them. This whole whole thing was a massive troll. Like, I didn't have to pretend like I'm taking this very seriously as like part of my astronaut training. They knew we were up there to Laugh. I mean, a lot of the people on the flight though, when we were singing at the end. Yeah. I was like, oh my God. They, the way they were looking at us, like these sick People, because they were, Who did they think they are? They were civilian. They were non astronaut Yeah. Trainers on board the flight who we tried to, You know, preserve the privacy of. But yeah, they, they were like, why are they taking themselves so excited? They had No idea. So I also ask you just say, yeah, go ahead, link. No, I was just gonna say, watching this whole thing, I really realized Jeff Bezos is the smartest person on earth because he spent what, 50 million?


A hundred million to have 11 minutes of peace from his whiny, obnoxious wife. I think every man out there is gonna be jealous. Like if we can just spend that, get 10 minutes of peace from Lauren Sanchez, we would do it. You know, I I do. One of my observations was, you watch them in that stupid, You know, vessel and Yes. They're like, they're floating around the each person makes it about herself. Right? Like ka perry with their stupid daisy. I mean, I had my strut wick. Yes. And whatever. They're all just promoting something or themselves. You look at what we were doing, what were we doing? My, my lasting memory of the whole thing will be Maureen's amazing laugh. The best laugh ever. Like, hearty, heartfelt.


And the three of us slamming down on the ground over and over and crawling all over each other like puppies. We had so much fun. It's a blast. Right? That was the thing. It was, I would do it again right now. They did not have fun. It so fun, fun. They couldn't, they couldn't have fun while up there. Nor could they make fun of themselves. Which was, that's what spelled death for the whole project Mo thoughts. Yeah, a hundred percent. I mean, the thing about the laughter, like, I couldn't stop laughing. It was so wild. I felt like we were all babies, You know, like real babies. Like what are these limbs? What do they do? Like how do I get from point A to point B? Like some force is like picking me up and now I'm being slammed back down. And like, I was just praying to myself that like, we didn't actually hurt each other.


You know? And because we were all just like colliding constantly. It was the wildest experience. It was the most fun. And you're So it right. It, those guys couldn't even laugh and enjoy it. It's so freaking weird, right? Like, how do you come down and start lecturing everybody on how they need to be taking that kind of frivolity there's and ours more seriously. I mean, it's like they're so outta touch. They're still bitching about the backlash that they've received. Katie Perry's out there now saying, the Internet's a bunch of unhinged people, but I know my light and my, Like you guys, when it came to Lauren Sanchez, Katie Perry, and Gail King, you guys are basically in a floating phallic penis.


Okay? You guys are taking yourselves way too seriously for being up there in these perfectly tailored suits. Like I said, they probably spent more time getting tailored and fitted for the suits than the 11 minutes they actually spent in space. So if they'd been in on the joke, we wouldn't be sitting here right now. But they take themselves so seriously. I I mean we also had our zero gravity astronaut suits tailored. Yeah. We, we did, we had 'em taken in. And I'll show that as a bonus on Megan kelly.com where we had a fitting where we tighter, tighter, cinch it, cinch it, lower make it, we got, had the pushup bras on. I mean, we were channeling our inner Blue Origin astronauts. We're all in the same club now.


And by the way, I did look it up. And if you have trained for outer space, which we clearly did, you're an astronaut, you can call yourself that. It was like a website called like girl bot.com. But it's counts. Alright. It's legit. Equal part. Equal part of homage and mockumentary. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. So I, I feel like it was the perfect way to kick off the MK Media Network for you three, Maureen, mark, and Link. You are officially, as we say in the astronaut business launched. Mm. Incredible. What an honor. And I would just like to add, I was on such a time crunch. I did not get to have my spacesuit tailored, nor did I get to order the same kind of boots that you and Sarah were wearing, which I was very jealous of because they were like a slim line, but chunky boot with like a tread and a really nice heels.


Oh yeah. Yeah. She's jealous. Jealous. Yeah. They're great. For those of you, For those of you mine were from asos. Yeah. Very nice. Nice. I mean, potential new merch. Well, what's crazy about Blue Origin, what's crazy about Blue Origin is the left is all about body positivity. And DEI, they did not send anyone up there with an ounce of body fat. They found this skinniest, tiniest women. They didn't send Lizzo up into space. They're like, we have a weight limit. We're finding the tiniest one. Oh my God. We can to come back down. Oh my God. Actually, can we send Lizzo into space? I think we now we can post Ozempic Wish she's on Ozempic now. Yeah. I do wanna thank the good people of zero Gravity and full disclosure, they did comp one of our tickets and you're surely paid for the rest.


And it was worth every penny. I've never better spent my money. Not only did we do it, but I would do it again. I would recommend all of you do. It may do take the Zofran because it, it can get a little dicey on the stomach, but, You know, nausea without vomiting, it's, that's fine. That's, that's a win. I wish you guys were in studio so you could join us in this toast. But cheers, Blonde Origin to Blonde Origin and to many more fun spoofs with all of you guys. Cheers dear. Cheers. Cheers. Dear. We need that bell. We need to ring the bell. Ding, ding, Ding, ding, Ding. Yes. On the next, on the next space flight. Okay. My thanks to Maureen. To Mark, to link the stars of MK Media, please go subscribe to their podcast.


Mark is next up. Maureen is The Nerve and link. Do we have a name to? Oh, spot on. Spot on, spot on. Subscribe to that right now. Next week. Yes. Links, launch launches this week. And all the, the fun is just beginning. And don't forget if you would like one of these fun hats or some of the other merch, like a mug or a notebook, they're all relatively low price points. You can go to shop megan kelly.com and get your Blonde Origin merch. So fun coming up. Mike Rose here. Don't go away


crime's at an all time high. And so I wanna tell you about Byrna. That's B-Y-R-N-A. Bea's Less Lethal Launchers are equipped with tear gas and kinetic ammunition and designed to incapacitate an attacker for up to 40 minutes. And Byrna is excited to introduce the all new compact launcher. It's sleek, slim, and hits like a sledgehammer the same size as a smartphone. Allowing women to conceal carry everywhere comfortably and with confidence it fires at 400 feet per second. That's a lot of power to stop Aggressives in their tracks without having to deal with the complexities of a homicide. Their pistols are American made and hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. With over 80% of the components in the compact launcher being sourced in the U S A Burna is legal in all 50 states. It requires no background checks and it can be shipped directly to your door. And Burna is trusted by hundreds of police departments and government agencies worldwide. Try before you buy, visit Byrna dot com to find a Burna dealer partner near you. That's BYRN a.com.


Hi everyone. This is former White House pre secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid. A program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid. Did You know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid.


Katie Perry, Gail King, Lauren Sanchez. Yeah. You know their names sadly, but there are so many actually meritorious deserving people whose names you should know and don't for actually doing something that does matter in their communities. And thanks to Mike Rowe, this is right on brand and his new docuseries he's putting out. These people are going to enjoy their moment in the spotlight and for very good reason. The series call is called People You Should Know and it debuts today on Mike's YouTube channel. Here's a look at what you're gonna get. I believe in the Power of pointing our cameras in the right place.


They say 22 veterans take their lives per day. We teach blacksmithing and bladesmithing as a therapeutic outlet. Hot yoga has nothing on us. T stands for teaching the autism community trades. That inspired me to start thinking about like, Hey, how can I get books to kids? Free Books? Free books. We'll just put some of these fairytale Books out. Fair? Yeah. I think Fairytale would be a good theme for today. Why is it not brought up that 90% of the autism community is unemployed? There is a giant demographic of people jumping up and down saying we wanna work. How dramatic an impact can a bike have? First It gives people some dignity. They can get to a Job, they're gonna take care of your rent for the next 18 months.


$50,000. Just like that. You got a TV show? Yeah. People You Should Know Mike Rowe. Great to see you. Hi Megan. Cheers. Cheers. My God. What? What a thrill to be here awash in your, in your victory. And and and then thank you. And then all of the import else. One Might be saying you feel inspired. Well, I went beyond inspiration. Watching that did go on. Well I entered it to bring it back to me for just a moment. I was reminded of my days as a fighter pilot. I don't know if you knew I did that once upon a time. Do tell. Well, I mean, I didn't actually fly the planes, but I did go up in the back of an F 18 hornet with the blue angels.


That counts. I thought so too. You're there. And look, I don't want to, I just, I don't wanna overstate it. But when I came out of that backseat, after that flight covered with my own vomit, oh God. And freshly awakened from passing out. Yeah. I was pretty sure I could have flown that thing if they would've given me a shot. And to this day, the fact that they didn't, You know, it's, it sticks with you. That kind of disappointment. Yeah. Yeah. That snub. Yeah. But with time and professional help, I think I'm going to eventually get over it, but it's a little easier. Probably not today. Well, I Mean thankfully I don't have that issue 'cause people are recognizing me as an astronaut.


Sure. I mean, you could see I had to get them in line and make them do it like they were falling down on the job a little. But then they got there, we actually did look up like tell us a little bit more about actual astronaut training because that's, they are calling themselves astronauts. Yeah. And in Gail's defense she says, I still have trouble calling myself that, but she does. But she, she worked her way through it. It's, She overcame. Okay, here's like a couple of the things. Alright, you, there's spacewalk training in NASA's neural neutral buoyancy lab. You study the space station systems flying a T 38 jet. All of this is part of some astronaut training. Okay. There's, you have to be a US citizen, you have to possess a master's degree in a STEM field, including engineering, biological science, physical science, computer science, or mathematics.


I'm pretty sure that does not apply to Gail, Katie or Lauren Sanchez, but Okay. Lauren Sanchez is a pilot. I'll give her that. She flies helicopters. You do have to have at least 1000 hours pilot in command time or two years of related professional experience. Perfect visual acuity, blood pressure not to exceed one 40 over 90 standing height between five two and, and six two. Excellent physical condition. So actually Lizzo is out. And then you have to, after you get selected by nasa, they report for training. And then they spend the next two years, two years, not two days. Like those morons and Blue Origin touted about their intensive training. Two years learning basic astronaut skills like spacewalking operating the space station, flying T 38, jet planes and controlling a robotic arm.


You have to complete military water survival before beginning your flying syllabus. You have to become scuba qualified to, to prepare for spacewalk training. You are exposed to problems associated with high hyperbaric and low hypobaric atmospheric pressures in the altitude chambers to learn to deal with emergencies associated with these conditions. And astronaut candidates are given exposure to the microgravity of space flight during flights in a modified jet aircraft as it performs parabolic maneuvers. That's what we did. Hello. I'm an astronaut, just like I said it, not learning how to buckle your seatbelt. Right. But look, those are just requirements. Nowhere in there do they talk about the qualities. I'm like, you need a measure of patience.


Right. You need a, you also need a measure of humility. Yes. That's, IM impossible to quantify. I I wrote a story a few years ago from my podcast, not about Neil Armstrong, but about Buzz Alder, who of course was the second man, the Lesser known. Yes. And he told a little parenthetical tale that really stuck with me years ago about the, the time that he had to wait and just the, just the place you go mentally. Right. And then the fact that all of a sudden he's gotta pee. He really has to pee. And, and as Neil Armstrong is literally taking one small step for mankind, buzz is just filling his special little container, the Stadium pal.


Oh, right, Okay. Oh, stadium pal. Got it. Yes. With urine. And, and, and so, You know, it, there's like, where do you put that in the p Like no one writes about that. No one, But you do wanna know, Thinks about that. But that's also what being an astronaut is. Sometimes you just have to stand quietly by after hours and hours and hours of patience while somebody else gets all the glory and you pee your pants. I mean, this Is like a theme when you come on that we talk about bathroom and toilet issues, but it worked well last time. Let's be honest. It's the other function that you'd really be dreading with all of the NASA controllers watching. When you Think about zero gravity and the effect that could have on the lower GI tract and the immediate results after an evacuation. I just, yeah.


I would've liked to have seen more of that in, in this trip. Just to really just to really balance it out. Right. So you've got the glamor, just bring it home and you've got the excitement. But just to remind people that, that, that we're all put together the same basic way. You just get little pieces of scat floating through the air. Right. I don't think Sarah will mind me telling you that was her greatest fear. Because she said when she gets really nervous or scared, sometimes she has a GI issue. Like, Well, when you're at zero gravity, that's everybody's greatest Fear. Yeah. No one would turn away. Yeah. Poor Jake. I'd have to give hazard pay to. It was bad enough. He had to risk his life. But You Know what, back to my days as a fighter pilot, I, I'm not, when I, when I talk about humility, like when you're in the back of that thing, and this was a private flight, they were spoiling me because I was hosting a show in San Francisco and they, they wanted to show me the entire maneuvers of the Blue Angel experience.


Oh. So I'm strapped into the back of this thing and the captain tells me, look, he said, Mike, I've got two goals and I'm gonna be candid with you three really, first I'd like to make you pass out. Secondly, I'm gonna make you throw up what? And third, we're leaving with a full tank of gas and we're gonna come back on empty. And I'm gonna show you everything from barrel rolls to the immelman to all these great red, barren type maneuvers. And I didn't pass out 'cause I knew the hick maneuver. Oh, the hick man. So when you start pulling Gs like 6, 7, 8, 9. Yeah. I'm aware of the Gs. You understand as an astronaut. Yeah. I got it. You, you understand this, you, what's happening is the blood in your brain is being pulled down into your extremities and you've gotta get the blood back in your brain.


So what you do is you, you grab the, the sides of your seat and you pull up hard Oh. And you dig your heels into the ground. Oh. And then you make this sound, you go, Really? Yeah. That's it. Okay. Oh, you are, you're you're gonna be amazing. I'm in. So all of that icking and all of that pulling and all of that pushing gets the blood back into your brain and it keeps you from passing out. Wow. Now a great pilot can do that simply by going like, because that's a muscle that, that you Build up. Yes. Just to quickly interject, the, the folks who you see standing on that zero gravity flight are people who work for zero gravity. Sure. And they've done it so many times. They're not affected by it the way you or I would be.


Right Now with regard to nausea, there's not a damn thing you can do when this guy comes out of a barrel roll and you're icking and you're pulling like 11 Gs and then you're over the Fara alarms and he flips the plane upside down and you're breaking the sound barrier and you're about a hundred feet over the water. And through the plexiglass dome over your head in an upside down inverted position, you can see the sonic concussions making the ocean pop. And it's at that moment that you vomit onto the plexiglass. Ew. And then he flips the plane back upside down. And you sit there Megan Icking trying not to pass out as your own vomit drips onto your head. Sounds Horrible.


It's the essence of humility. And that's what I meant before, until you've sat there quietly contemplating your own choices in life while Being of vomit reign. Yes. Your, your vomit. That's important. Yeah. Not somebody else's that's Better. But your own. That's bet I'd rather be under my own. I think It's the stuff of character. Wait a minute. So now with the benefit of hindsight, did you enjoy that ride? Oh my God. Well, yes. I mean, it's a tricky question. And first of all, it's not a ride. Yeah. Thank you. Thank you very much. Okay. I would think you of all people would be aware it's not a ride that was an adventure. It was A mission and it wasn't just about me, it was for all mankind. Yes. I can understand the sacrifice, But I'll, I'll tell you that I, yes.


I didn't enjoy it, but I loved it. Like, You're glad you did it. Oh My God. So I'm so glad. Well wait. Because here's what happened to me when I was on the zero g. The first two were, are lunar first three were like lunar gravity, which is not the full zero gravity. Yeah. So your, your whole body doesn't levitate up to the ceiling, but you do levitate a little. And I was fine. But the one rule they gave us is when you're in between the parabola, you, you, you lie down and they said, do not lift your head. As you lift your head against the Gs, you are gonna get sick. Yep. So of course I was, I smooshed myself down. I'm like, okay, I'm not that letting that happen. Well, there was one parabola where the one guy was like, okay, get up, get up. And we tried, but we couldn't.


So he, he had mistaken that we were, it was time to levitate and it wasn't. And from I did lift my head and from that point forward, they were right. I felt like I was gonna hurl and I didn't thank God. But you like halfway through that exercise, even though I still had fun, I was very worried that I was gonna throw up. Now what you had there, it was what, what the doctors call premature levitation. Yeah. And this can be awkward and embarrassing, especially As you get older. Right. You think You know yourself. Next thing that, that's not supposed to be like that now. But how Did you enjoy being in an F eight F 18? Yeah. Like when you, you have thrown up, you feel nauseous and he's, he keeps going, Keeps going. Well, look, first of all, if you're me, like if you're the Dirty Jobs guy and you're in that position, you have one job and it's to not complain.


Mm. That's your only job. So I I I wasn't about to do that. But I also, like, if, if you see the Blue Angels up close doing those maneuvers, it, it's, it's awesome. In the literal sense of the word, they're inches from each other going six, 700 miles an hour. Oh my gosh. All coordinated. It's a, it's a dance and the stakes couldn't be higher. And these guys are so finely trained, it's almost a, like a kind of singularity between human and and machine. And it's a wonder to watch it, You know, well this, What you're, what you're saying, You know, about not complaining is of course, one of the main reasons that we're targeting them is they're just foolishness in messaging around the whole thing.


So they went from self-aggrandizement to now complaining about the audience's reaction. And, and the one of the lines on, on our mugs or in our hats is have you been, because Gail, in response to the criticism, tried to shut up all of America by saying, you can't criticize her unless you've been Right. Which is why we went, we now I've been Yeah. And it's on under her own rules. It's on Sister, I've now been your fair game and I find you even more absurd than I I did before. Well, look, not to pile on, but You know. No, please do. Okay. In a way you are, you're, you're working on a, on a show called People you shouldn't know.


Yes. Yes. Because really in the end, it, it feels like we're surrounded by examples of good behavior, bad behavior, self-indulgent behavior, selfless behavior, whatever it is. And You know, I, I loved, I loved that story. I loved watching it because ultimately I thought it was a teachable moment. Mm, sure. Not for them. But really the, the audience does now have an opportunity to, to really think ob objectively and candidly about what did we just see? What are we celebrating? Why are we celebrating it?


Why are we being told this was important and, and what are we to make of it? And if you're me trying to figure out how to, how to navigate what's left of my career in this insane universe, it, it's, it's like, well, do I wanna focus on, on those people or these people? And, and there's no right or wrong answer, but it, it was just really fun watching what you just did and, and thinking about the difference between the people you were lampooning and the people. I've been lucky enough to feature on shows like Dirty Jobs, celebrating and the Yeah. I mean, I I hate to even say celebrating because it, it, it's so adjacent to a level of earnestness that I think people ought to be wary of.


Mm. Okay. I mean, it's a, it's a, it's A, well I was celebrating them as I watched y Yeah, but you were in on the joke. No, your guys like, your guys watching the series. Oh, those guys. Oh, like you, you wanna stand up and cheer like the guy who makes the beds. And we can get into it in a minute. Oh my God. But, all right, stand by. We're gonna take a break and then we'll, we'll talk a bit about it because it is inspirational. And you're right that we could have called it people you shouldn't know. You could And you're welcome to It. We, we all know the only reason we know Gail is because she's Oprah's best friend. I mean, that's very obvious to everybody. Standby more with Mike ahead. He's with me for the full show.


One in two adults have high blood pressure. Many don't even know it. That could be a ticking time bomb. But here's the good news. You have the power to take control naturally with one 20 Life. One 20 Life is a blend of great tasting superfruit juices that can actually help lower your blood pressure naturally. One 20 Life is formulated with ingredients that have been shown to support healthy blood pressure levels. It's trusted by hundreds of health professionals and people have seen real measurable results. You can try it yourself risk free with their two week trial. Just go to one 20 life.com and use the code MK to save 15% and get free shipping. You can track your progress with a simple blood pressure monitor, watch your numbers drop and feel the difference. They're so sure that one 20 Life can noticeably lower your blood pressure in two weeks. That they will give you your money back. If you're not satisfied, so you have nothing to lose, but those high blood pressure numbers, go to one 20 life.com. That's 1 2 0 life.com. And remember to use code MK to save 15%.


Hi everyone, this is former White House pre secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid. Did You know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt no matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid.


Mike Rowe is here. His new show is People You Should Know, and it Premieres today. You can find it at the Real Mike Rowe YouTube channel. And now we've slapped a Blonde Origin hat on him. You can get yours by going to shop megan kelly.com or mug, or a notebook. Lemme just say it's adjustable. Yeah, it's lightweight. It comes in only one color. Really? But it's a great color. It's very flattering on anyone. Thank you. Yeah. Join in on the mockery Fun. I wanna talk about your show, but before we do, we're on a great subject, which is like these rich and powerful people who are totally unaware of how people perceive them and how great their lives are, and how little they should be complaining.


Period. Nevermind publicly, which leads me to Michelle Obama. Every day she's dropped another negativity bomb on us, whether on her podcast or on someone else's. I mean, this audience knows. She never says anything positive. It is all complaints. So she goes on another podcast, she's promoting her show, so she's making the rounds, the diary of a CEO podcast, and actually found a way to bitch and moan about how hard it is to live in the White House. When you walk through the storm, keep your head held high. Show me, show me what this look like.


Watch It. It's projecting that if you win, which I thought he could and should, he would be somebody that I would want as my president, it was all about this is going to, You know, our kids are little, we're gonna have to move. What, how do you raise kids in the White House? It's dangerous. As the first black potential president, we knew there'd be death threats. There were just all the how would we afford it? Because it's, it's expensive to live in the White House. There's many people don't know. I mean, much is not covered. You're paying for every food, every bit of food that you eat. You, You know, you're not paying for housing and the staff in it, but everything, even travel.


If you're not traveling with the president, if your kids are coming on a bright star, which is the first ladies' plane we had to play, pay for their travel to be on the plane. It is an expensive proposition. And you're running for two years and not earning an income. Please help me, Mike. Well, Megan, the struggle is real. Geez, Louise can, have you ever heard anything so out of touch? Sure. But but not from anyone in that position. They both have planes and she's mad that you have to pay the cost of an airline ticket for the daughters to fly on them. I, I wonder, I mean, seriously, she's not a, she's a smart woman.


She, But she's a aggrieved. She is immersed in an powerful and inescapable sense of grievance. Do you Think it's an attempt to, to be relatable? No, no. No. She's, she's angry. She, she's angry and unhappy. I've watched enough of her over the years and then with this ridiculous podcast she's trying to launch to see, she's a deeply unhappy person. What's happening with, with people at that level in podcast? What's Gavin Newsom doing? He is running for president. That one makes more sense to me strategically. I, she's like, she should be in her therapist's office. He invited me. Her brother Craig is not Oh, he did? Yeah. What do you think I should do? I don't support it. Yeah. Well, my feeling is Gavin Newsom is using people to build up his skills so that he can more effectively debate the Republican nominee.


Even if 28, Even if even if somebody goes on and cleans his clock. Yeah. Which basically happened when Charlie Kirk went on, but it's, that's not good. Gavin Newsom took some blows, but emerged having learned something probably Mm. That he'll be better at handling in 2028. And I just don't think it's the job of the right to help train this guy. I, I likened it to the Rocky versus Drago Drago fight in Rocky four. Why would we help train the Russian? Do you think there was an argument that went the other way when Bill Maher went to the White House? Like, will you hear like La Larry, David wrote that editorial, my, my dinner with Adolf. Right. And there's this idea that it's like, look, that's a bridge too far.


And you're just simply lending credibility by the very proximity of your presence. I get both. You know, I mean, I had think, I think that makes no sense. If, if the president of the United States invites you for dinner, you should go, no matter who I would've gone if it were Joe Biden, Barack Obama in a Absolutely, I would do that. You get to see the White House. Trump is very, he's a gratuitous when you come there, or he's gracious, is the word I'm looking for. Yeah. He'll, he gives everybody a tour. It seems like almost everybody is shown the link in bedroom. Who wouldn't wanna see that? Oh, in fact, we have something very funny on this. Elon Musk just made news last night. Do we have that? You guys, we cut that on. What happens when he sleeps over at the White House? Do we have it?


I can't hear. Let's, if we have it, let's play it. Oh, it's not on tape. Oh, shit. Okay. It's just him. Well, I remember what he said. He said, I'll be flying back with him, like on the helicopter or on Air Force One, and he'll be like, do you wanna stay over? You know, like kids having a sleepover. And he'll say, sure, I'll stay over. And he says, I sleep in the Lincoln bedroom. And then Trump always calls me at like nine o'clock at night and says, Hey, you should go down to the kitchen. Get yourself something to eat. There's a bunch of ice cream down there. So he said, I find myself in the White House kitchen eating a tub of ice cream. It's like a scene From a movie Caramel. He said, don't tell Robert F. Kennedy Jr. So yeah, it's like having, but I have to tell you something. I know a friend who went to the White House with his wife in Trump 1.0 and had almost the same story. They slept in the Lincoln bedroom.


Trump offered them the ice cream. So not to take away Elon's specialness, but my point is he's very gracious. Yeah. And he's like a caretaker. E everybody says that about Trump. You go to golf with him in Mar-a-Lago or any one of his properties, he's a host. He's constantly making sure that you've got drinks and you've got food and you're, you're happy. Anyway, I I just think, I don't know how he got on this line, but back to Michelle Obama, she's not happy. She's unhappy. And she wants you to be too. She looks around at the immense opulence around her. She's literally complaining about the fact that even though the White House is free Yeah. The the home is free. The staff are free. The 55,000 square foot home, by the way, on 18 acres is free. But she has to pay for her own food, Mike.


Mm. She's gotta pay for her groceries. Like everyone in America, No justice, no peace. It's like, oh God. I forgot what I was gonna say. I know we're getting old and the champagne, But I know it's gonna, what was it? I think it was something to do with the, oh, you mentioned the Lincoln bedroom. I was at the Henry Ford Museum last night. Oh, cool. At this event, they have the chair from Ford's theater that Lincoln was sitting in Oh yeah. When he was assassinating. And I, and I stood next to it and I did something I never do. I, I, like, I took a picture and I, I'm not a sentimental person like that, but the Lincoln bedroom, the, the chair where he was sitting, and right around the corner is the bus where Rosa Parks refused to move.


You can sit in the seat where she sat. These, these artifacts, they're, they're very powerful. And it's, and it's really easy to like minimize them and even dismiss them and, and, and not live in wonder in their, in their presence. That's what galls me about what we're talking about. The, the privilege to be in that house. The, the, I mean, if you think about Adams, and if you think about all the presidents who came before, and all the families who, who lived there, and then make a list of the people who had that privilege, who, who made the complaints that we're talking about. Now. There's nobody on that list that just didn't happen.


No. I got this thing called a sweat pledge. If you apply for a scholarship from my foundation, you have to sign it. And the very first tenant on it says, I believe I have hit the greatest lottery of all time. I'm alive. I walk the earth. I live in America above all things. I'm grateful I have it there simply because I think, I think it's impossible to feel sorry for yourself if your fundamental default position is gratitude. Yeah. I mean, And, and, and those are the people that I'm, I'm trying to surround myself by and, and help. And I've gone in a different direction. It's fine.


This is also gratifying in its own way. But I to your point, it was just yesterday and You know, it's spring, it's gorgeous. It's getting to be the good part of spring. The, the first half is so cold in the north, in the Northeast. It's really just a lame winter. But now we're getting May is spectacular. And it happens like almost overnight where you go from empty branches to branches in full flower. Yeah. And, You know, the birds chirping and the flowers blooming everything. And I, I was looking out my window thinking like, how many of these do you get? You know, if you're lucky, if you're really lucky, you get 85 or 90 of these. Yeah. You know, and we're here on borrowed time. Like, this doesn't belong to us.


It belongs to God. It belongs to the universe. It belongs to the next generation and the one after that. So we're renters, right. Not owners, stewards. And you look out and you just think, savor it. Stop looking at your stupid device in your hand. Take in the flowering blooms. Smell the honeysuckle. Be glad to be alive. Like treasure it right now. You know what? And I know it's trite. Everybody knows No, tomorrow tomorrow's promised. But every once in a while you get one of those moments. And it's a gift, right. Because you, you do think I'm, but a humble servant and I'm so lucky just to be here. It's not some fancy house or fancy car or the fucking 55,000 square foot white house around you.


It's those flowers. It's your rose garden, Michelle. But it's your children. It's the way their hair smells. It's like all the greatness stuff that actually gets you outta bed in the morning. And what are the common people as William Shatner or pulp before him would've put it, what are we to make of a person who has risen to that great height, who appears so dissatisfied with it? I mean, nevermind all the other personal stuff. It's just like that alone. If, if, if, if, if you're a young person trying to figure out, You know, what's the path to a, to an a self-actualize life?


What, what might have to happen in my world for me to feel as though I accomplished a thing or did a thing or built a thing or, or made a thing. And then you hear somebody who, who rose to that level talk about all of the adversity and all of the challenges and ridiculous all, all the disappointment And the racist country. It It, right. It's, it's, it's kind of sad on a, on a personal level. But I I would say it's, it's kind of dangerous if you're trying to find a way to inspire a generation who, who kidding aside, needs to be inspired. Not with some publicity, stunt flight, and not with all these other things, but like with, with real things that you can actually do in your life.


Like who, who is out there with that message in a non earnest way. Like in a, in a, in a, in a genuine way. I, I look to people like former presidents and, and family members of former presidents to, to talk about the, the great good fortune in the incredible wonder that was bestowed upon. And I don't even care if it's sincere. I don't either. I just want them to say that as people who used to be in like that position of power for us Yeah. That he and she seem completely polar opposite. I actually think Barack Obama is an optimistic, relatively sunny person in his messaging and in the way he experiences the world. Hmm. Especially himself. But I just think in general, he's more, much more glass half full. And she is, I, I don't know if you're born with that or if you're raised wrong with parents who encourage you to lean into grievance as opposed to look out the window.


I'll tell you just on, on the Mike Rowe front, I had an experience you would appreciate, was it, yesterday I came back from DC where we interviewed tulsi, and I took the train. Mm. And I'm walking through the train station, and this is actually down on the DC end, And we, You know, it's dark and it's dank and it smells like oil and fumes and it's kind of unpleasant, You know, for a minute there where you're like, I'm, I think I'm actively causing my lung cancer right now. And then I see this guy who is up on, I, forgive me, you probably know what this is called, but I don't, it, it looks like a crane. It's one of those things that the telephone guys get up on that takes him to the top of the floor. Cherry Picker. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. So he is up on one of those, and he is working on the top of, like, he's not on the top of a train.


He's on like the ceiling that's got like those rails. And he's doing something dangerous. Yeah. And important. And he looked young, Mike, he looked like 20, and he looked like he was having the time of his life. He was laughing. He was yelling down to a buddy down below. They were joking, he was smiling, he was covered in dirt to your, You know Yeah. Your, your life motto. And I thought, look at this guy in this dark Dan smelly, dirty place with lots of danger. Not just this cherry picker, but also the live rail that he is working on. All the wires having a great time. And then you look at her and she's still, they're, they have to be billionaires by now. Sure. Out on the yachts, the Martha's Vineyard, $22 million estate, totally thriving young daughters who went to Harvard and USC.


It's never gonna be good enough. It, it, it's a, it's a mind frame, right? It's like your choice of how you're gonna go through this Life. So the night before I went to this event at the Ford Museum, I was in the hotel bar at the Henry, which is there in Dearborn. And coincidentally, I ran into the guy who was going to be interviewing me the next night. And we're sitting at the bar having a drink, getting to know each other. And outta nowhere 50 young men appear. They had all been flown in by Ford. These are master technicians and senior master technicians all over the country. So once a year, they bring in the best of the best for a kind of a celebration. It's a fun boondoggle, You know, for the cream of the crop.


Now, these guys have memorized every episode of Dirty Jobs they grew up with. Oh, wow. And, and, You know, I had to check myself because for for a minute, I'm, I'm completely focused on this event I have to prepare for. And here I am talking to the guy who's gonna interview me. And the kid comes up and he wants a selfie or whatever, and I say, sure. And I start to talk to him, and his lip starts to tremble and he's got like a tear in his eye. And he's telling me about the day he decided that he was going to be a mechanic. And it was during an episode of Dirty Jobs, and he applied for a scholarship from my foundation. No. And now I'm sitting there like a big squish going, oh God, it's, it's, it's so great to hear.


And they, they stood up all 50 of them. And I stood there for two hours and the whole evening went off the rails with the help of a little bourbon. And, and I just listened to story after story after story after story of these men who, and three women among them, just to be clear. But it's still fundamentally a man's game. These guys didn't go to college. They learned a skill that was in demand, and now they're killing it. And there's the, the, this I, I know I said I wasn't earnest or sentimental about it, but I swear to God, Megan, when you, when you sit there and listen to story after story of guys who, who mastered a skill that was in demand and then went to work, and now are, they're raising their families.


Many of them have no debt. They're not saddled with some awful college millstone around their neck. Yeah. They're thriving and they're proud. And they're hopeful. And most importantly, they're enthused. They're enthused. And every, everything we've talked about so far is the first example is a perfect example of exaggerated and false enthusiasm. The second one, when you're talking about Michelle Obama, it's just an absence of enthusiasm. Just an absence of, of joy. Yeah. You know, and yeah, I guess we're making the same point. But my life today, by and large is, is blessed primarily because strangers come up to me to tell me about the time they paid their dues to tell me about the time work mattered most to them.


And it, it's important for them to be heard. And, and, and that's a big part of my job these days. Well, you Make it your business. I mean, when I was watching episode one about Lindsay. Yeah. L-E-N-Z-Y. Yeah. I thought this is such a great way to spend your time. Like Mike Rowe makes good life decisions, which is why there's like this peacefulness to you. There's this, you sort of emanate this positivity. It's a Champagne more, More than the average Joe, I have to say. You do. And like you make it a point of spending your life around these people. And even like this, this poor woman talks to you openly about how for 10 years she was on meth. Meth ed. And you were saying like, I didn't, I didn't know somebody had a story of 10 years on meth.


I I didn't Either. Right. Like, I really didn't think, I thought you lost your teeth and then you lost your name, and then you're never heard from again. And then probably your life in most cases. Yeah. But she didn't lose her life. She turned her life around and she devotes herself to helping other people. Now she Found an organization called CarePort. And CarePort is a, a virtual entryway into this legion of bloody do-gooders oftentimes arranged around local churches, but not always. And it's, it's a way to know when somebody in your community is really struggling. And the the overriding purpose is to try and keep families together.


The foster care system is a problem. It's a shame. It really is. It's a, it's a necessary thing in many cases, but it's not a, a good choice if you, if you can keep a family together by hook or crook, you have to try. And CarePort has had unbelievable success at doing this. And when I heard the story of this woman who very nearly lost everything but CarePort saved her, and then now she's dedicated her life to CarePort, it's like, all right, I call the crew, we go, we hang out with her. We basically lie to her or, and tell her she's the subject of a documentary. And, and then, but she's Just like a cog in the wheel. She's not Just a cog. That's right. And then at the end, we, we surprise her with an elaborate gift.


Are we allowed to say I wouldn't. Okay. No, because it's big. Yeah. It's big. It's big. And look, people laugh and they cry. And, and again, back to the earnest thing, it's, it's impossible to talk about this topic and not be earnest. But the show itself is not really a feelgood show. It's the making of a feelgood show. Well, I, what I love about it is you're very honest on it. And that of course, we've talked many times in the show about how if you're not authentic with this audience, you die. And so you'll be like, that was boring. That's right. Who says that in the middle of their own show? Yeah. Yeah. Like it sometimes in the middle of a sentence. Yes. Like, yeah. I, I should not have started that sentence 'cause I have no real clear understanding of how it's gonna end. You're very open with the audience about how you're experiencing the making of it.


Let's just look at a clip. This is Lindsay in episode one Is Lindsay Phillips. We're fighting the foster care system. I'm just here for the cheap labor, then load up the car. Yep. I was actually a family in need back in 2020. I was not in a good place at all. I was so elated of the health that I received that I just decided I really wanna serve in my community as well. It's not transactional. It's, it's transformative. If it seems like we're making it up as we go along, that's because as we go along, we're making it up. She has no idea what's about to happen. This God is pretty good right here. And it only gets better from there.


And it's not just Lindsay, can you talk about the guy with the beds? Sure. In this episode, the, one of the things that is at the top of the list in the care portal is a need for beds. So many kids sleep on the floor in this country. Break your heart. Well, years ago on returning the favor, which was the Facebook program on which this project is, is based, I met a guy called Luke Mickelson. And he had an organization still does up in Idaho called Sleep in Heavenly Peace. He and his married band of do-gooders, they make bunk beds and wooden beds and they give them to kids in the town. No kid in Luke's town sleeps on the floor.


Right. He had six chapters when we profiled him. Today he has over 400. So the crazy thing about this show that isn't really a show is that it's, it's a window into do goodery and, and, and local kindness the same way Dirty Jobs was a rumination on honest work. This is a rumination on the neighbors you wish you had. And also, it's weirdly relevant to everything we've talked about. But the people that we feature are obviously not supermodels. They're not your classic aspirational like, oh my God, I wanna be just like that. It's the opposite of Blue Origin.


These really are your neighbors. These are just people who happen to give a damn and did something about it. And the thing that I like most about it, when you, when you stack those examples together, what it does is it is it gently taps you on the shoulder Yep. And says, look man, you don't have to boil the ocean, but if she can do it, she was by her own admission, her own words, Mike, I was a full on meth head. It had me bad. And when it came right down to it, I saw me losing my kids or getting my shit together. And she got it together. And like in that moment, which she confesses to me, why we're I, we have to pull over because she's crying and we're on a highway.


And I'm like, oh, this is a hell of a way to get to the moment I want to get to. Right. But we get there and when she tells me what she tells me, I can hear it in my, You know, it, you've been in the business forever. You, You know, when it lands. And by that I just mean I know people will watch this who will absolutely relate, maybe not to her specific circumstance, but to that feeling of that's it. I'm out of cards, my back is against the wall. There's no way out. What's extraordinary too is that she gets help. She turns her life around and Then she gives back. I think it's probably very easy to just skip that last step. Oh. And try to stay treading water.


Yeah. You know, and, and worried that if you do try to help the next drowning man, you're gonna go down too. Like they don't have the emotional reserves. A lot of folks to, to go back for the next guy. Well, here's the dirty little secret. You don't, when you go back for the next guy, the guy you're saving is yourself. And it's kind of an Iranian way to think about altruism, You know? But I, I happen to subscribe to it. I think there's a righteous selfishness in this level of philanthropy. And because most people I know are selfish, I don't shy away from that. Yeah, It's fine. Whatever your motivation, If it makes you feel good to, to help your neighbor, well that's not much different than a fireman.


You, you interview those people who sign up to do that thing. Yeah, sure. They, they want to help their fellow man. They wanna make a difference. But many, many times you peel back the layers far enough and you'll find somebody who's trying to help themself. The masks come down in the plane when you lose the air pressure job one, put it on your face first. No, I know this as an astronaut. Of course you do. Yeah. And as a fighter pilot, I learned it early on prior to all the vomiting. But You know, it's a lesson that really, really sticks. You're of, you're of zero use to the people around you if you, if you can't get your own poop in a group, Okay, now you're obsessed with this, that you're back on this second bodily function.


And, and I'm gonna tie it all together now 'cause I got Look there, I can move on to three if you want, but I don't know if it's that kind of shit. I've got a crack team and this is, this is how, this is why I get paid the big bucks here at the Megan Kelly show. Show me. I will now tie together everything the audience has heard in the, in the last hour and a half with this clip from when Mike Rowe interviewed Astronaut Scott Tingle. Here it is Scott, 32. The people just wanna know how you poop, man, and what, what is going on up there. Yeah. So the system is, is very complex. So not only do we have to contain, but we, but we have to transport, You know, your, your eliminations or your, your waste.


And to do that, we use airflow. So there's airflow that comes in and around and, and pulls, transports your solid waste into a bag that's perforated. And, and then you, you gather the bag, you tidy it up and you throw it into a bucket and you, and you keep the bucket tamped down because you don't have a whole lot of storage space. And, and then every, I don't know, seven days, six or seven days, depending on how many crew are up there, we got a lot of crew up there now. So maybe five days you have to replace those buckets. And those buckets go onto a, a garbage or onto a cargo vehicle that is taking garbage back. And then it goes back to earth. And most of the time for the garbage haulers burn up on entry and it just gets incinerated.


Okay. For the listening audience, for the first half of that soundbite, Mike Rose listening to him like he's watching the Gettysburg address, the seriousness with which you listened it. I really think you thought you were going up into space the next day. This is, this was issue number one. You needed to work out before doing it. Well, it's funny, if I remember as I was interviewing, I myself was personally overcome with the need and I couldn't, I couldn't tear myself away. So as you're watching that, I'm wrestling with my own O-Ring issue Wishing you had a perforated bag. But Lemme tell you about that. That guy, that guy Scott Tingle humbled me in a way. I was in New Orleans and I got a call from nasa, I'm shooting down there on something totally unrelated.


Scott was in the Space station and once a month NASA gives these guys a chance to make a couple of phone calls. Not not to their family, but really to anyone. Right. And there's these special encoded iPads and NASA overnighted me one. So I'm sitting in a hotel in New Orleans getting through all these crazy codes and uplinks and so forth. And Scott Tingle had decided that he wanted to talk to me. I was his, I was his phone call for the months. That Was a total surprise to you. You didn't know him? No, I'd never, I'd never heard of him. But, but, but with the name like Tingle, I'm gonna take the call. So he's an astronaut.


He'd been up in the Space Station for months And we have this, that wasn't that interview. That was a very private conversation. And it, and it was all for the first him. Yeah. I mean, this is also private in a way, But I mean, what, what, what do you, if, if you're me, what do you do with that? You know, that's, you're just living your life a compliment. Massive calls. There's an astronaut who wants to talk to you. And so one of the questions I asked him in that conversation was if you got the call, 'cause he's got a family and he's a, he's an engineer of course, and a real astronaut. And he is a real fan of my foundation. Which by the way, shameless plug last week for work ethic scholarships. Give it away 3 million bucks, microworks.org. Go get some.


I say to him, Scott, if you got the call to go to Mars, would, and that's as far as I got. And he said, oh yeah. Are you kidding me? I'd go right now. Yeah, I'd leave from here. What? Right now that's a year out, nine months back. If you got the telemetry right, your family. 'cause he's like, no, look, I, I love my family more than anything, but I'm on this earth or in this case off of it because I know who I am and I know what my mission is and I know what my purpose is. That's the word Megan. If you're looking for a way to land this plane, what didn't that Blue Origin mission have?


I do Purpose. Not really. You know, that's a purpose driven dude. And for me, my life gets exponentially more enjoyable the more of those people that I meet. That's such a nice compliment to you, Mike, that he chose you. What a very cool call to receive. I, I I am I'm humbled every week by something. But that one actually took the wind outta me. Well, we were talking about this in the break privately, but I'm, I'm so much for that. I'm sure you'll talk about it publicly here, but this is not the first time somebody has at random just called you up and asked you to do something and you have no idea why they chose you. Recently.


I was once again on the time 100 list. Oh, congratulations. Yes, thank you very much. They basically needed a conservative quota filled and so they, they do a writeup in Time Magazine about you. And I knew that from the first time. It was the first time. Yeah. But the first time it happened, they actually asked me who I wanted to have write it up. And I said, my boss Brit Hume. And he did it. But this time around, they never asked. I figured that out. Maybe they don't do those anymore. I don't whatever. Then I read it, it hit online. And it was Laura Trump who wrote it up a lovely, lovely little like blurb about yours. Truly. She didn't tell me she was doing, I know her a little.


Yeah. Not well. I text her immediately. Like, this is so kind of you. She's very busy. I'm like, I really, really appreciate it. Like very grateful. Didn't have to do it. But she But you did, you got one of these, well you were also on the time 100 Ish. Yes. I was on the same list. You were just not as one of the most influential people. I was, I was one of the hundred people chosen to write about one of the most influential people like Lord Trump. And for whatever reason time asked me to write 150 words no more, no less Okay. About Joe Rogan. And I did. So What, why, and do you don't know why you guys are not like really close you and he I don't, I I've done his show once and it went very well.


And what I said about Joe in my writeup was I can't tell you that I enjoyed every moment of my interview with Joe Rogan, but that's only because he didn't interview me. He talked to me. Oh. And that's his secret sauce. Yeah. When he gets it right. And he often does. It's a conversation. Yep. And I'll tell you again, I'm not telling you anything you don't know, but you can bullshit anybody for 20 minutes or an hour, maybe, probably not 90, definitely not two. And you sure as hell can't do it for three. So true. So you get in the third hour of a conversation with the leader of a country or a CEO of a company, you are going to get a version of a, you're gonna get something authentic for better or worse.


And, You know, I don't, I can't listen to his podcast all the time 'cause I, I don't have three hours at, at a time to do it. Right. And for a long time I kind of poo-pooed that. But with this election and, and, and, and Trump's decision to go on and Harris's decision not to go on. Yep. That became apocryphal. That was amazing to watch and, and, and determinative and, and I knew exactly what I wanted to say about Joe. It it, it was all about the third hour, the hour nobody listens to, but is nevertheless quite possibly the most consequential hour in media today. It's very cool. I I mean, I'm, I do feel the need to point out once again with the poo-pooed, it's, it's like an obsession.


Look, I know my audience and in this case I know it's you and I know that deep down you're an 8-year-old girl. Yes. Who just, who just wants to pull my finger and see what might happen. You Have me figured out entirely. This is how, why we bonded. Alright, sweet. Standby. We're gonna take a quick break. I think you know where the conversation's gonna go next. His new show is called People You Should Know, it's on his YouTube channel. The Real Mike Rowe. Check it out tonight.


These days it feels like nothing surprises us anymore. Right. But not necessarily in a good way. The headlines are heavy, the future feels uncertain and so much is out of our control. But one thing you can take control of right now is your family's financial future with life insurance through Select Quote. Whether you need 500,000 or 50 million in coverage, Select Quote makes it easy to find the right policy for your unique needs. They have helped over 2 million people find more than 700 billion in coverage since 1985. And they do it fast, often in as little as 15 minutes. Other life insurance brokers might push generic overpriced plans, but Select Quote, licensed agents work for you, not the insurance companies. Even if you have a pretexting or sorry, preexisting condition like high blood pressure or diabetes, Select Quote partners with carriers who can still offer coverage. And if you're healthy, you could get same day coverage with no medical exam required. So don't wait for another. What if consider taking a step to secure your peace of mind and Get the right life insurance for YOU for LESS at Select Quote dot com slash megan Select Quote dot com slash megan Select Quote, they shop you save.


Hi everyone, this is former White House Pres secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He still promising to love and cherish Medicaid. Did You know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it, cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Mike, have you been following closely the first 100 days of the Trump presidency? You know, I closely, no, but I've been to DC probably half a dozen times since the inauguration. In fact, I was there, not at the inauguration, but I was there that week. And of course I've been watching and, and, and I've never really seen so many otherwise intelligent pundits and commentators rendered so foolish. Really not because of their take, just because it's obsolete the next day. Mm. Like whatever it is you think you might know about a thing, just go ahead and put it on a shelf because we're not gonna be talking about that tomorrow. Well, it's funny you should say that because just yesterday we were doing the show And we were talking about how the news was that Mike Wallace was gonna be fired as the, as the National Security Advisor News Mark Halperin broke.


But Politico later claimed that it broke even though they were two and a half hours behind him. Hmm. And even when told you're being disrespectful to Mark Halperin who broke this news much earlier than you did, they refused to take down the tweet, be totally on brand politico. You do not care what the facts are. And even when called out, you refuse to acknowledge them on your massive mistakes. In any event, that's how we ended the show yesterday. And within like five minutes of closing out the show, it hit that he was indeed being moved outta the position and over to UN Ambassador. So it's like the whole story changes in 24 hours. This is a brand new, You know, theme story. Marco Rubio filling in now as both well permanently for the time being Secretary of State and National Security Advisor. And now people are saying he's got the inside line on becoming the next Pope.


That's just the joke. He's he wears so many hats. Right. And that why not the big one? That's a big hat. Yeah, really big. So Marco Rubio's stock is up. I don't know whether Mike Wall's stock is up. I don't think it is. I think this is Trump being giving him a soft landing someplace. There's rumors that this guy Steve Woff, who's been an amazing envoy for Trump negotiating peace in the Middle East, negotiating peace with Russia and Ukraine is probably going to get it. I don't know whether that's true, but Yeah, to your point, you wait two minutes and the whole news cycle has changed. I mean, It's really a question for you. I mean, as a, as as somebody who's supposed to be offering analysis, if you don't have time to analyze a thing or if the next thing comes along and Trumps the last thing, no pun intended, then, then you shift from analysis to just what, like a town Hold on, on the window, on the windowsill.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like a town crier. It's like, and and this, yeah. And then this. Well, You know, in news, Brit Hume told me this very early in my career because it's so, there's so much volume. And I remember being in awe at the reporters and the anchors in particular who could go on the air and just vamp during breaking news. There's no script, there's no prompter, there's no editorial. You're just following, You know, like this, this plane is down in the Hudson River, You know? Yeah. Who's this guy? There are people coming out on the wing. What's happening? How can you do that? How do these anchors do it? And he said, just stay steeped in the news. If you just stay steeped in the news, you'll be fine. And he was so right. You, even if it's a slow news day, you have to read everything.


Read all your papers, read all your online Right. Favorite sites because news is so incremental. So if you, if you have it baked in there and then you just get the next day's tiny developments, I dunno. Somehow it stays in there. How's This for callback? The same thing is true with fighter pilots and astronauts who need to maintain their tolerance to zero gravity. You have to, you have to exercise that muscle every day. That hick maneuver we were talking about, it's a very violent, very extravagant thing for the novice to do because your body's not used to doing it. But if you build up a tolerance to 7, 8, 9, 10 Gs, then you, you can get there like that.


You say you stay steeped in the gravity. Yeah. That where you wanna Live. I 7, 8, 9, 10. Jesus crazy. On the, on the zero gravity flight. It was like 1.8. Oh yeah. My friend Matt Hagen drives funny cars. He just went from zero to 340 miles an hour and under four seconds. That's more G's than anything. You know what, You know what has a lot of G's, I don't know what the number is, but you ever go on the Aerosmith ride at Disney? No. It's the best rollercoaster ever. No, I Haven't. You sit in it, you get like the serious strap in, You know, from the automatic thing that comes down and then you kind of get sucked in. You know, you're not going anywhere, which is nice.


You feel safe. Sure. And then instead of the normal roller coaster, which is like click, click, click, Click, Click, click, click, click, You know, up, up the hill, which is actually kind of fun. And part of the anticipation, you just take off like a bat outta hell. Yeah. And it's measured in Gs. There's a thing, my, my granddad was an electrical inspector for carnivals and, and state fairs mostly. Oh wow. Midway. So we what? We got endless free passes for all the rides. It was one of the great participating Who would do that job. That's the riskiest job. I know ever. You're a walking lawsuit waiting to Happen. I know, I know. But here's my pop. And he, he didn't care. But I took a fistful of these tickets and there was a ride, I, I think it's illegal now, but it was called the Hell Hole.


And what happened is they changed the name of the roundup and they put cages in it. But basically it's, it's imagine a wheel on the side. You know, We grew up with that in the seventies. You you just, they probably banned that by now. You stand there and it spins and it spins and it spins and then it's Like a centrifuge. That's right. And then it turns 90 degrees. Right. And you're pinned to the wall Now again, as a callback Or the vomit that's, you're going to the vomit. One person vomits and it hovers there and everybody else just flies through it. Oh my God. And more pe It was truly a vomit comet. Ew. And when people, the, the most entertaining thing to do at the state fair for me was a kid. 'cause I, I don't get motion sick unless I'm upside down in an F 18.


Yeah. But sitting there on a hay bale, watching people walk off the hell hole, just brushing other people's vomit off them. Oh my God. All day long. It, I mean, look, it's a, it's cheap entertainment, but it really left a mark. Not everyone can do it. I, I've been laughing since last June we went to Scandinavia with a fan and we were there for almost two weeks. We went to Sweden, we went to a couple of other countries in any event. So when we were in, it was Denmark, we went to this amusement park. It's pretty famous and it's reportedly the amusement park that Disneyland was based on while Disney went and Covent Gardens. And it's so charming, completely adorable.


Like, you wanna move in there? So we went And we got on this rollercoaster, which is called Banin, which I believe is rollercoaster in Danish. And it's, it was so tame that it only had the little like bar that comes down to your lap, You know, just like the little silver bar. That's all right. And so tame that it had an actual man who was about 200 who ma operated the manual break while riding it with you. Right. And so tame that the queen of Denmark, she, I think she recently like, passed the baton down to her son who's now the king. But she was riding it like when she was 84 years old.


Okay. But my husband Doug, who You know Oh yeah. Does get some motion sickness and She threw up in the roots are bon fruit. He didn't throw up Mike. But You know how you get the pictures after the fact of your rollercoaster ride. I took one look at those family pictures and I almost split a side open laughing. So I was at a 90 degree angle. I had projectile tears coming outta my eyes. I was went over to the guy, the booth. I'm like, whatever you want for it, I, I'll pay it. You name your price for that picture. Doug never lived it down. You know why I keep coming back to this? Hmm. I, I mean I I I, I really haven't put a lot of thought into it. But now that I sit here in the wake of this excellent conversation contemplating the, the fragility, the frailty of the species and the attendant humility there.


And it's just when we lose control of the most basic things Yeah. Whether it's this sphincter or the other one. Yeah. Right. There's just something so relatable. I mean it's, I know it's gross. I know it's childish. I know Dirty Jobs was kind of built on one of those pillars. But it's not just the spectacle of it. It, it really is a reminder that that that we are still the same like, like nausea and diarrhea. Dare I say, these things reach across the aisle. They do like no, like no other idea. Well, You know what, then again, keeping with the theme of tying it all together, so did Blue Origin, it tied us together.


Right. And left. I was out there agreeing with Amy Schumer. Yeah. And Olivia, what's her name? Wild. Yeah. Yeah. She and I were on the same page. Amazing. On the like it united the country. Yeah. In mocking their absurdity. It really was something. And also What a public service they Provide truly without meaningful meaning to, one of the things I love about watching the video of us on, on our space mission is how much fun you can see the three of us are. We had so much fun. It was you levitate you're lying down on the ground and before You know it, you are, look at that. You are levitating up and you can fly. You, You know, it's not like swimming.


I thought it would be like swimming in water. Right. But there's no resistance and it's, and then you slammed to the ground And then you slammed. Yeah. And it's somewhat undignified. Eat. Well that's part of it. Right. I love the, the bit where Sarah kind of shows her chest, You know, mockingly, You know, making fun of Lauren Sanchez. Yeah. Because what happens right after that is we fall on the ground and which you can hear in like the rock clip and you oof pretty much in this one too, is me hysterical laughing, saying Sarah because in the moment I knew how funny it was. So it's like, you're right. You're so there's something happening with the three of us up, up there that is especially fun. Joyful. Vulnerable in like a very great way.


'cause we are mocking others and ourselves. And the same thing, like you're all subjected to the same law. Right? I mean, that's the beautiful thing about gravity. Gravity. Like no one's sitting there in possession of their faculties. Well, Right. But like, when you think about gravity, it's, it's, it's just, it's such a clarifying truth in a world where you can identify as this or choose your own narrative or choose your own ending. It's like gravity doesn't much care if you believe in it or not. You lean too far back on that chair, you're going down, you're going down and no one cares. Think about how crazy it would've been in that moment when you were on that zero g. If you had been the only one who would levitate it and everybody else just laid there like pin to the floor like a butterfly. You'd be like, oh no.


Or you'd be like, God, I'm so special. I always knew It. I'm the levitator. You ludite. This Is separating the wheat from the chaff Moments like that galvanize us and bring us together because there's still a few laws to which we're all subject. You Know, it, this is reminding me. And they threw us jelly beans too. Which you can see. This is reminding me for some reason of this story that a woman told about Tucker Carlson who was on the show this week. And a dear friend I, and I love him. People say the nastiest things about him, it just, they really Do man. But he is just truly one of the best men. I absolutely adore One of the best conversations I've ever had. He's a great guy. He's totally misunderstood by the media and probably willingly and the left. But there was a great story about him before the, before Trump's Republican National Convention speech.


Tucker spoke out there as did many, You know, folks that you should know. Yeah. And he was backstage with a civilian who had been asked to speak about something. I can't remember who it was, forgive me. But he could tell that she was nervous. She told the story. He could tell that she was nervous. And he sat down with her and introduced himself and they started chatting and she was talking about how nervous she was and he said, can we pray about it? And and Tucker's really just kind of coming into his own religiously. Like he's, he hasn't been exactly like a holy roller, forgive the term, but he's coming into it like in full flower right now. And so they held, he held her hand and they set a prayer together. And I just thought like, that's, there's something so cool about like, they're both backstage, they're both giving a speech.


Even Tucker probably had some nerves. 'cause that's a big one. Sure. And this regular gal whose name we don't know was feeling it overwhelmingly. And then sort of like, God sends you an angel to remind you, like, everybody feels this, you're not abnormal to feel nervous before a speech like this, but I got you. Yeah. And even if you fall on your face, like we're good people, there's, they're gonna love you even more, You know, if you screw it up. So two things. First of all, that, that moment is happening right now, a million times over all around the country. People in a midst of some kind of crisis are being comforted or ministered to in any number of ways by any number of, of, of others.


And then there's that moment with a camera pointed at you. And that's Heisenberg. Right. The act of observing a thing changes a thing in, in, in some way. The uncertainty principle, I think it's, it's called. And, and so now back to the audience, You know, what, what are we to make of a moment that is rooted really typically anyway in something that is, is very private and very personal. Are we to think that okay, this is, this is being willingly shared with us as I think you think, and frankly I do too. It's like that, that's honest and open and kind of brave because you're putting your, if you're gonna prey on the tv, you're gonna take it in the neck from both sides.


Yes. Right. We know that. But we also know that that can be an artifice too. That can be pretentious. Yep. Anything. That's why I'm wary of earnestness because I, I don't, it's hard to know, You know, when a camera's in the room, what you're watching and it's, it, I've thought about it a lot since Dirty Jobs. Dirty Jobs is when it became real for me. 'cause it was a different way to make TV. And I'm, I'm trying to do the same thing with this current project, but now, You know, your brain will find what you tell it to look for. And I look for those moments all of the time. Who is being brave? Who's being courageous? Who really doesn't give a damn about, like, who really, truly doesn't care that the camera's there.


Those are the people you want to know. And they're, they're very, very rare. You know, that Would've been a good title too. The people you wanna know, People You Should Know is the title before we end, because we're gonna get cut off soon. Did they go to YouTube and type in the real mike Rowe and they'll find your channel. Yeah, you Can do that. Or I think you just Google Mike Rowe YouTube. You'll get there too. But the real Mike Rowe will get you there. Okay. And oh God. I think I'm supposed to say like and subscribe. They told me to Like and subscribe. Oh God. Smash that like button. Mike Rowe. Smash it real. No. You know what they, I'm late to the party, but we got a million people pretty quick to sign up. You Are the party, my friend. The party will find you. It is wherever you are.


Thank you so much for being here. There's like no gravity in this room. You're such a good sport. What? You're such an inspiration. I know. Thank you. Hey, get your adjustable Hat. Don't call it a ride. Six. Most don't call it a ride. Don't forget. Go to shop megan kelly.com. Support the mission, not a ride. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly Show. No BS, No agenda And no fear. It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves.


Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past hoarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs.


Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.