
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Monday, March 31st, 2025, and this is your AM Update. And if you think you're gonna force the president of the United States to fire anybody, you've got another thing coming. Trump administration officials stand united against calls to fire National Security advisor, Mike Wal for inadvertently adding a reporter to a private group chat. We're on the third Columbia University president and This one, let's be honest, Maria is not gonna last as well. Columbia University gets a new interim president Congresswoman Elise Nik, casting doubt on the latest ability to crack down on illegal campus protesting President Trump, warning Russian President Vladimir Putin. If Russia is responsible for delaying a Ukraine peace agreement, there will be repercussions.


The Iranian regime rejecting calls for direct nuclear negotiations as the Trump administration promises a wave of bombs. Not to mention tariffs if they don't come to the table. The White House Correspondents Association canceling its featured entertainer for the planned annual dinner. What was the deal breaker? All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


You know how much my family and I love our dogs, right? Focus A lot of attention on St. Strudwick in particular. These dogs have a great life. They are lucky, but some dogs aren't. And this is why I'm so glad to tell you about Delta Rescue. It's the largest no kill care for life animal sanctuary in the world. They have rescued thousands of dogs plus cats and horses too. They provide all the animals with shelter safety and most of all love. And they've been doing it now for more than 45 years. Delta Rescue relies solely on contributions to stay open and giving, can bring tax benefits too. Speak with your estate planner about how you can grow your estate while helping animals in need and check out the estate planning tab on their website to learn more. We love our thunder and St. Strudwick, But we would love for other dogs who need care and attention and shelter to find those things too. Visit Delta Rescue dot org today to learn more. That's Delta Rescue dot org.


After a week of intense pressure from Democrats and the media President Trump is standing by National Security Advisor Mike Walls, despite seemingly inadvertently adding a reporter to a private group chat outlining attack plans on Hhy rebels. Axios reporting Trump insiders saying quote, president Trump seriously considered firing national security advisor Mike Wal, but cooled down and talked himself out of it partly to deny his critics the satisfaction. President Trump telling NBC news in an off-camera interview quote, I don't fire people because of fake news and because of witch hunts. Vice President JD Vance on Friday from Greenland, also lending support to the team. And now the same American media that covered for the Biden administration after the untimely death and the unnecessary death of 13 Brave Americans is really, really interested in forcing the President of the United States to fire someone because of a signal chat.


Because of a signal chat that is not honest behavior from the American media. And if you think you're gonna force the president of the United States to fire anybody, you've got another thing coming. President Trump has said it on Monday, on Tuesday, on Wednesday, on Thursday, and I'm the vice president saying it here on Friday. We are standing behind our entire national security team. Mr. Walls vacated his congressional seat to take a job with the Trump administration. The special election will be held tomorrow in Florida's sixth district. The current balance of power in the house is two 18 to two 13, giving Republicans a very slight edge. In tomorrow's election, Republican Randy Fine is facing off against Democrat Josh Wheel.


The media portraying the race as a source of anxiety for the GOP. Republicans are right now worried about a special election in the deep red Florida congressional district. Once held by Trump National Security advisor, Michael Waltz, Republican anxiety mounts over special elections for two deep red congressional seats in Florida, which are more competitive than they should be. Republicans are sweating the margins in special elections in two Florida districts. Democrat fundraisers pouring millions into the race. Mr. Fine raising just shy of 1 million compared to Mr. Wheels $9 million. President Trump in November winning this district by 30 points. Despite a recent poll showing both candidates neck and neck analysts say a Republican victory is likely the New York Times reporting the sixth district is home to twice as many registered Republicans as Democrats NBC political correspondent Steve Koki previewing a likely Democrat talking point.


If this race is anywhere closer than President Trump's 30 point margin of victory, Why would Republicans, You know, be a little concerned? Is is it about losing the district? That might be a stretch. There's nobody in the house, there's no Democrat in the house who has won in a district like this recently. But would they be embarrassed by a smaller, a significantly smaller margin than this? That's certainly possible. Another special election Tuesday in Florida's first district to replace former Republican Congressman Matt Gaetz, Republican Jimmy Patronus is reporting that his opponent, Democrat gay Valmont, is out raising him seven to one. Mr. Gates beat Ms. Valmont in November by 32 points before resigning his seat in hopes of securing the post of Attorney General.


Another big race on Tuesday. The Wisconsin Supreme Court voters there will determine if the court will maintain a four to three liberal majority or flip to conservative liberal judge Susan Crawford is taking on conservative attorney Brad Shimmel at stake control over congressional district mapping. In a critical swing state, Republicans currently hold six of Wisconsin's eight congressional seats despite the state's closely divided electorate. If liberals maintain their majority on the Wisconsin Supreme Court, the current GOP drawn maps could be thrown out. Shifting the balance of power in the House of Representatives potentially costing Republicans two congressional seats.


We will have more on this story in the days ahead. On Friday night, Columbia University's embattled interim president Katrina Armstrong resigning from her post Columbia already facing 400 million in frozen federal funding with a threat of more cuts to come agreeing to implement measures, allowing authorities to crack down on illegal protesting as well as some academic reforms. Columbia became the epicenter of nationwide anti-Israel and antisemitic protests in the wake of Israel's war on the Hamas terrorist organization. Many Jewish students at Columbia reporting incidents of harassment on campus, which is unlawful under federal law saying faculty and staff have done little to nothing to support them.


Crimes like vandalism, trespassing and others were also committed by the protestors. Ms. Armstrong caught between mounting pressure from the Trump administration and intense pushback from her own faculty and staff Columbia professors in the weeks leading up to President Armstrong's resignation raging against her decision to cooperate with the Trump administration. We Know that this has nothing to do with opposing antisemitism. We know that this is About control. Making these changes would allow an overbearing government to bully our university. Trump's Cuts kill teaching and learning. They kill research, they kill knowledge, they kill truth, and they kill people.


The Wall Street Journal reporting, Ms. Armstrong publicly insisted to the Trump administration that Columbia is cracking down on illegal protesting while privately downplaying the new measures to her staffers. The Department of Education releasing a statement in response to the resignation, saying quote, the action taken by Columbia's trustees today, especially in light of this week's concerning revelations, is an important step toward advancing negotiations between the university and the task force to combat antisemitism education Secretary Linda McMahon on Sunday laying out the administration's expectations. Well, The president's made it incredibly clear that he expects that students who are going to universities can go to a safe campus without discrimination.


What we saw across Columbia and other universities was that the universities were not living up to that. I mean, when you see students barricaded in the library, people pounding on the glass saying death to USA, death to Israel. And I've talked to students at, at Columbia Jewish students who told me that they were afraid to go across campus and a lot of the Jewish interaction on campus has been driven underground and that's just not the way our education should be. The new interim president announced Friday. Claire Shipman is a former CNN White House correspondent who was once married to Obama administration Press secretary Jay Carney, an October house report on college campus antisemitism revealing a 2023 text message from Miss Shipman to then Columbia President Minutia Shafi Miss Shipman, then referring to the house antisemitism on college campus hearings as quote Capitol Hill nonsense Republican congresswoman from New York.


Elise Stefanik on Sunday responding to Miss Shipman's new appointment. We're on the third Columbia University president and This one, let's be honest, Maria is not gonna last as well. It's already come out that she has criticized and belittled the house investigation and the accountability measures and has failed to protect Jewish students. So again, this is strong leadership from President Trump and I think it is only going to be a matter of weeks before she's forced to step down as well. They still don't get it. The faculty doesn't get it. These radical far left students doesn't get it. Former President Shafiq resigned from her post in August 20, 24. Six. Federal agencies are currently investigating Columbia University.


Billions in federal funding are on the line coming up. President Trump issuing a warning to Russian president Vladimir Putin. If he finds Russia at fault for holding up a peace deal in Ukraine, there will be consequences. And The White House Correspondents Association pulls the plug on its headliner. What the comedian said that led to the


cancellation Did You know scammers can literally steal your home right out from under you. The FBI calls it house stealing and it's a growing real estate scam. Criminals forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee and file it with your local recorder's office. So when was the last time you checked your home title? Probably never. And that's exactly what scammers are counting on. So let me tell you about Home Title Lock. Their million dollar triple lock protection keeps your home and equity safe. They, they can help you do this. Here's what you get. Immediate 24 7 monitoring of your property urgent alerts. If there are any changes and if fraud should happen, their US-based restoration team will spend up to 1 million bucks to fix the fraud and restore your title at no additional cost. Get a free title history report so you can find out if you're already a victim and access to your personal Title Expert, A $250 value just for signing up. Go to Home Title Lock dot com. Use my promo code Megan 250 or click on the link in the description and make sure to Check out the Million Dollar TripleLock Protection details when you get there. Home Title Lock dot com. Promo code Megan two 50,


President Trump issuing a warning to Russian president Vladimir Putin. If he finds Russia at fault for holding up a peace deal in Ukraine, tariffs are coming. President Trump telling NBC news quote, I am going to put secondary tariffs on all oil coming out of Russia. If you buy oil from Russia, you cannot do business in the United States. The president's comments spurred by recent televised remarks from President Putin, Mr. Putin suggesting Ukrainian President Odem Mayor Zelensky lacks legitimacy to sign a peace deal. President Zelensky last year suspending elections in Ukraine citing martial law, the Russian leader going on to say the UN could set up a temporary government in Ukraine.


Any change in leadership will inevitably delay a lasting ceasefire agreement. Mr. Trump setting a one month deadline for getting a full ceasefire deal before punitive measures. Kick in last week, Russia and Ukraine agreeing to a partial ceasefire in the Black Sea and against energy infrastructure. Prior to Mr. Putin's remarks on Friday, president Trump had indicated that negotiations were progressing well in a cabinet meeting. Ukraine wants to see it settled. I think they have to have it settled and Russia wants to see it settled. And Marco's doing a great job and Steve Whitcoff has been incredible. Michael Waltz, we have a great group of people working on it. President Trump telling NBC, his anger with Mr.


Putin will quote dissipate quickly if he does the right thing. The two leaders scheduled to speak again later this week. On Sunday, the Iranian regime rejecting President Trump's offer to begin direct nuclear negotiations with the US Iranian president, MOU Ian leaving the possibility of indirect talks open, delivering the reply through Aman. This response just days after President Trump addressed Iranian nuclear ambitions from the oval. Iran is very high on my, on my list of things to watch. And as you probably know, I sent them a letter just recently and I said, you're gonna have to make a decision one way or the other and we're gonna either have to talk and talk it out or very bad things are gonna happen to Iran.


And I don't want that to happen. My big preference is we work it out with Iran, but if we don't work it out, bad bad things are gonna happen to Iran. President Trump now promising a wave of bombings and additional tariffs targeted at Iran if its leaders do not come to the negotiating table. In 2018, president Trump withdrew from the J-C-P-O-A, A nuclear agreement with Iran negotiated under the Obama administration, president Trump calling the deal, quote, a horribly one-sided deal that should never, ever have been made. Instead, president Trump opting for a campaign of quote, maximum pressure to force Iran to abandon its nuclear ambitions, imposing sanctions on key Iranian industries like banking and oil, designating their military as a foreign terrorist organization, issuing secondary sanctions against countries working with Iran and isolating the Iranians diplomatically Iran, though economically weakened did not return to the table under the first Trump administration or the Biden administration, which aggressively sought to revive the joint agreement.


A February UN Atomic Agency report revealing the Iranian regime has enriched enough uranium to manufacture six nuclear weapons and now just lacks a delivery system in response to Trump administration warnings, Iranian leaders firing back with threats of their own Iran's parliament. Speaker saying, if the Americans violate Iran's sovereignty, it will be like a spark in a gunpowder depot setting the entire region ablaze in such a scenario, their bases and their allies will not be safe. In 2024, Tehran launching two direct missile attacks on Israel, firing hundreds of rockets In both instances, Israel's missile defense systems intercepting the vast majority limiting the damage.


The White House Correspondence Association canceling comedian Amber Ruffin's remarks at its upcoming annual dinner scheduled for April 26th in a tradition dating back to 2003, the dinner features a comedian roasting the president and the press covering him under the first Trump administration, the President declining to attend as the comedian's turned what was supposed to be a light roast of the administration into scorched earth, nasty attacks. And I am truly honored to be here even though all, all of Hollywood pulled out. Now that King Joffrey's president And it feels like the red wedding in here. We gotta address the elephant that's not in the room. Trump Isn't here if you haven't noticed he's not here.


And I know, I know I would drag him here myself, but it turns out the president of the United States is the one pussy you're not allowed to grab. Ms. Ruffin promising late last week on the Daily Beast Podcast that her approach would be no different. I'm Not a hundred percent in interested in being like, ha, you're here looked your stupid head, you're burned. I care like you're kind of a bunch of murderers. I mean, so like they were like, you need to be, You know, equal and make sure that the, that you give it to both sides and blah, blah blah. I was like, there's no way I'm gonna be freaking doing that dude. But, and they want that false equivalent and see that the media does, they want that.


It feels great. It makes them feel like human beings. Yes. But they shouldn't get to feel that way 'cause they're not The White House. And many Trump supporters recoiling at the remarks. Within 48 hours, the White House Correspondence Association announcing her appearance had been canceled. President Eugene Daniels writing in a statement quote at this consequential moment for journalism. I want to ensure the focus is not on the politics of division, but entirely on awarding our colleagues for their outstanding work and providing scholarship and mentorship to the next generation of journalists. The tone marking a sharp departure from Daniel's enthusiasm during a joint M-S-N-B-C appearance in February with Ms. Ruffin when he proudly announced her election as the evening's entertainer.


And you say you have invited President Trump in the First Lady to attend in his first term. He never did. He Didn't. He didn't. He had four shots. Four shots. He missed them All. Do you hope to see him there? No White House Deputy Chief of Staff Taylor Boic responding on X quote. It's an indictment on how broken and useless this organization has become so sad that such a storied and consequential group has been so quickly driven into irrelevancy. Oh well, good riddance. Tensions rising between The White House Correspondents Association and the Trump White House in recent weeks. The conflict beginning when the Associated Press refused to use the newly renamed Gulf of America moniker, prompting the Trump administration to bar the outlet from participating in the White House press pool.


The Correspondence Association condemned the White House publicly. In response, shortly thereafter, press Secretary Caroline Levitt announcing her office would be taking control of press pool assignments. A task historically managed by The White House Correspondents Association. The pool is a smaller group of reporters granted access to more exclusive spaces like the Oval Office and Air Force one Axios reporting on Sunday. Some members of the correspondence association want to deescalate the conflict. This as Ms. Levitt says, she will be taking control of the briefing room's seating chart as well. For decades, establishment Media was in control of who sits where in the briefing room, ensuring the so-called mainstream outlets access and a seat in front of the cameras, a senior White House official telling Axios the new arrangement will provide more favorable access to online influencers and newer outlets.


And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one eleven@noeaonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly And on all podcast platforms.