
You know, you've gotta come back in you. When you take the next step. You're going to make it count for your career, for your family, for your life. You can earn a degree you are proud of with Purdue Global. Purdue Global is backed by Purdue University, one of the nation's most respected and innovative public universities. This is your chance. This is your opportunity. This is your comeback, Purdue Global Purdue's online University for working adults. Start your comeback today@purdueglobal.edu.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. It is unbelievable what is happening in California right now. An American jewel of a city is an ashes. The Palisades area of Los Angeles is burning house, after house after house of one of our most precious areas is on fire. And residents have been under a mandatory evacuation order, including, I mean, folks who are my dear friends.


One of my best friends is out there. Her house is gone. Brian Friedman, who was on the show yesterday, evacuated like they're all, these are our fellow Americans who have been forced outta their homes because these predictable Santa Ana winds came and the local officials apparently would not do what was necessary to be done to protect the residents from the foreseeable risk of fire. There are three massive wildfires burning right now, being flamed by Santa Ana winds topping 60 miles an hour. It is so windy that firefighting aircraft are not able to fly. In many cases, nearly 100,000 people are under these mandatory evacuation orders.


At least 13,000 structures are under threat. The video is absolutely horrifying. Take a look at this tape here as a fire swarmed to home in Los Angeles For the listening audience. It is right outside this guy's patio. I mean, he's inside his living room and the flames are right on the other side of floor to ceiling. Hi windows and sliding glass doors. Is he okay? You gonna be okay? Hi, There's a dog. You're gonna be okay. Oh shit. Well, we, yeah, don't worry about that dude.


Look at that. Oh, shit. Scary. Yeah. Okay. The plastic is gone though. Yeah, Why? But the plastic is the least of their concerns in this moment. Okay. That, that gives you the flavor. But it is an incredibly dangerous thing to have been in that home at that moment. The, the person who shared the clip is goes by Kevin Dalton, that's his name on, on X. He, that clip clip's already been seen more than 2 million times by early Wednesday. It was also used by the Daily Mail as their lead this morning.


Kevin said an update. I am told the dog and both of his humans were able to safely evacuate the property. That's as much as we know there. Let's hope Kevin is correct. When you see the video for the listening audience, you don't even know where these two folks who are talking inside and that dog are going to run, where like the house seems to be engulfed. One side seems a little less engulfed than the other, but it makes you wonder how on earth this happened. But the winds take the fire so quickly from home to home. It can happen in an instant, which is why the city's issue, these mandatory evacuation orders. The wildfires began so quickly that many, many people were caught off guard. And when the roadways became impassable, people just abandoned their cars to flee on foot.


Look at this tape here. You, you see a bulldozer bulldozing the vehicles that were just left in the road out of the way so that You know, emergency vehicles and others can get through. One woman who abandoned her car told News Nation, that police came up to her and said, get out of your car. Run for your life and head toward the ocean. You can believe it. Going back to that first video we showed, and if you're just listening, go check us out on youtube.com. Later. You'll see it right at the top of the show. You wonder, all I could think was just at least open the doors and let the dog run for his life, because the dog would know what to do. His instincts would take him away from the fire and he could probably outrun some extent of it.


Run toward the ocean. Seems like a good idea. Fox's, Charles Payne tweeted out this photo and wrote, I'm descending into LAX right now, and I can smell the fire. Many on this flight in panic or heartbroken knowing their homes are already gone and listening. Audience, what you see here is an aerial of Los Angeles up against the water, and the top third of the photo is in flames. The top third. You know, you if you've been to la, and I know we all rip on California for all sorts of good reasons, but these, we, we, we actually love our, our brothers and sisters in California, and absolutely don't wanna see this kind of danger or carnage un unleashed on them. And what you're seeing right now is part of one of our jewels.


Yes, Los Angeles, which has got a long history and a beautiful one in many ways in this country, on fire and burning to the ground. It's the Palisades neighborhood. You got Venice, you got Santa Monica, you got Palisades and the Palisades. I don't know whether they will still be there when this is done in Pasadena. Senior citizens were rushed out of a senior living facility. Imagine this, some still in their hospital beds. What, what were they going to do? What was the alternative? They had to get them out as this fire rages. So does the anger among the residents who are saying that while wildfires are not uncommon in California, the state's disgusting mismanagement, going back for decades is indeed partly to blame here for these fires not being better contained.


The city's mayor, Karen Bass is in Ghana right now. She's on her way back now, but she's not even in the country. The LA Times reporting that firefighters have been radioing their stations with reports that the hydrants were dry in the Pacific Palisades firefighters couldn't get water. It makes it really tough to fight the fires, especially when the winds are so bad that you can't take the aircraft up to do it from overhead. The fire hydrants were dry, which was a risk they reportedly knew about a problem the city reportedly knew about, but failed to fix.


Real estate developer Rick Caruso, who ran against Karen Bass for mayor, he called himself a dem, but it was pretty clear this guy was about as close As you could get to a Republican in California running for office, right? You have to say you're a dem to win for Los Angeles and mayor. So he called himself a dem, but he was an independent, basically he was an outsider, and the way he talked sounded much more red than it did blue. And he lost. Elon Musk had endorsed him, but that union vote came in late in the game. Before he knew it, Karen Bassett pulled out a victory. So Rick Caruso went on local TV and raged about this fire hydrant issue. Take a listen. They can't fight a fire without water and the resources that are needed.


Everybody knew these winds were coming. The real issue to me is twofold. We've had decades to go remove the brush in these hills that spread so quickly. And the second is you gotta have water. And my understanding is the reservoir was not refilled in time and in a timely matter to keep the hydrants going. And it's all about leadership and management that we're seeing a failure of. And all of these residents are paying the ultimate price for that. The LA Times reported that in November, right? We're beginning of January in November. The lack of water from hydrants was also the blame for the difficult efforts combating the mountain fire in Ventura County.


They have been aware that there's an issue with the water not being in the fire hydrants. And what did the LA Mayor do to protect her citizens? Well, we'll get back to you when she gets back from Ghana and someone has the chance to ask her as if all of this is not enough. It turns out that in recent years, LA's Fire Chief has made not filling the fire hydrants top priority, but diversity, diversity is at least among the top priorities for the department. Her name is Kristen Crowley. She's been fire chief since 2022.


And in an interview shortly after she was elevated to this position, she talked about being super inspired to make the fire department more diverse. I'm super inspired. She took time out of her already busy schedule to tell us about her vision for the department's future. One that includes a three year strategic plan to increase diversity. People ask me, well, what, what number are you looking for? I say, I'm not looking for a number. It's never enough. Out of 3,300 city firefighters, only 115 are women right now when it comes to inclusivity and diversity at this department. She's a proud member of the L-G-B-T-Q community. Oh my God. That just kind of opens the door of people that thought, wow, I didn't even know that that was an opportunity for me.


Who gives a shit if the fire chief is gay? I'm sorry, but who gives a flying fig about who she likes to sleep with? Can you fight the fucking fires, madam? That's the relevant question. We don't care about your lady parts and we don't care who you want having access to them. Can you fight fires? Can you make sure there's water in the fire hydrants? When you realize in, in Ventura County, this is a massive problem when you realize that California's going through a drought where they haven't had rain in weeks and months, is I don't care who turns you on. And You know why?


They have only a hundred women in a, in a squad of 3,300, because women tend to be smaller and not as strong. And unless you lower the requirements to become a firefighter, most women can't pass the test. Trust me when I tell you that someone my size cannot run into a building and rescue someone, even Doug's size, nevermind an Arnold Schwartzenegger who actually happens to live in LA or California. At least this is an absurdity. This is just like the Secret Service. And what happened with Trump. We needed all these women in there who weren't even tall enough to protect the six foot three president. Under this woman, Ms. Crowley, the department created a diversity, equity, equity and inclusion bureau to train firefighters not on refilling the hydrants or what to do when they're empty.


But on the importance of DEI, Our diversity equity inclusion bureau, now we actually have the staff to do the work when it comes to doing a deep dive in regard to how we do business, how we take care of one another in the fire stations and in our work environment. We don't care. We don't care about any of that. I don't give a shit about how you're taking care of somebody inside the firehouse. Take care of me in my home and my kids and my animals when the fires hit. That's your real job, madam. Joining me now are our pals from the Fifth Column, Camille Foster, Michael Moynihan, and Matt Welsh, who you can find@wethefifth.com. Guys, welcome back to the show.


For those of us holding our breath for the past several months, we can finally exhale, work can at last be done on the major issues this country's facing, one of the most significant being our national debt. The fact is our nation's broke and that debt is a house of cards that cannot be quickly dismantled no matter who's the president. So the strategy now remains the same. You might wanna diversify your savings. This is why I wanna tell you about birch Gold. So many things are out of our control, out of our president's control, So it can be important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group can help you convert an IRA or a 401k in whole, or just in part into an IRA in physical gold. And the best news is it does not cost you one penny out of pocket. Just Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get your free info kit on Gold. Plus right now, you'll receive a free one ounce silver equal coin for every $5,000 purchased. Protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free silver today.


This is unbelievable. I realize certain natural disasters hit and that's life in the world and in America and in California, but this was, this was foreseeable, and I think we're seeing largely preventable. Your take, It's, you're going to have this happen in Southern California. I mean, the Santa Ana winds blow. There was going to be a fire yesterday no matter what. Some people are like, oh, is it a gender reveal party that sparked it? Was it this was it that was it A homeless encampment? Probably one of them was. But on days when there's a hundred mile per hour Santa Ana winds coming down from the canyons and there's no humidity, there's going to be a fire, especially if there's some brush in the hills.


So the question is, what do you do to prepare for it? There's a couple of things that California has done very, very badly, not just in terms of fighting the fire, but you're gonna hear in the coming days people talking about how, oh, it's weird. I don't have insurance for my home. Fire insurance companies or home insurance companies have been fleeing the state because of California's price controls on the insurance industry for years. So California tells people who live in fire prone areas like let's say Malibu, which is gonna be evacuated if it hasn't been already today. Very, very fire prone, steep canyons, drought conditions, wind comes through. So your fire insurance, your homeowner's insurance should be more expensive.


California says, ah, we don't want that. We're gonna put a price cap on it. And meanwhile, they're going to also raid from the money of the home insurance companies to have their le, their state managed lender of last resort insurance, the fair insurance, fair access to insurance requirements so that it basically encourages people to build in dangerous places with subsidized insurance that they steal from insurance companies. So what do you do if you're State Farm? You leave. So they've been leaving the state, broadly speaking, because they can't make insurance pay because we're not allowed in a price control situation to let insurance markets tell us how dangerous it is to leave in places. And so there's a lot of people who are gonna have their homes burned down, who are not going to be able to rebuild at all, or maybe don't have insurance to begin with.


All that is a state managed problem. It shows that people don't have a basic sense of economics of how to deal with a predictable risk. And again, this risk has been predictable since the time of the Tongva and the Chumash sitting on the hills. They, we have a fire ecology in Southern California where I'm from, and we all have dear friends who we're worried right now in crossing our fingers that their homes haven't been destroyed in the Palisades and also in the foothills. And it breaks my heart, and we need to do a better job. California needs to do a much better job of mitigating and planning for these very, very predictable catastrophes that happen.


This Trump, by the way, has weighed in via truth social saying as follows. Governor Gavin new scum refused to sign the water re restoration declaration put before him. That would've allowed millions of gallons of water from excess rain and snow melt from the north to flow daily into many parts of California. Excuse me. Oh, including the areas that are currently burning in a virtually apo apocalyptic way. It goes on from there. Camille, what do you make of what's happening here? Well, I mean, I, I was thinking a lot about Mayor Bass today and the reporting that I just saw that she had cut the, the fire department's budget by like $17 million this year is not a great look for her.


The, the, all of the stuff that Matt underscore being a good California boy and I I currently reside in California are all things that I'm pretty familiar with as well. I mean, there was a huge piece back in 2020 and we see this every once in a while about the Forest Management Service and various other government agencies. So it's, You know, federal, state and local who are fully aware of these problems, who have not nearly done enough to get rid of a lot of this like undergrowth, this fuel, this dry fuel that is just waiting to burn. I think that what had been recommended back in 2020 was that they'd be bu burning something like a million acres per year. And they're not anywhere close to that and haven't really gotten much closer to that at the same time As you underscored, I mean the fire chief talking about diversity, equity, and inclusion, LA is cutting its budget for the fire department while they are continue to spend money on things like these reparations exploration committees and all kinds of other insane nonsense.


I mean, your heart goes out to the people who are affected by this. It's also the case that you have to wonder about just the systematic routine failure by every level of government with respect to California. And, and I think the, the, the sub, not so much subsidized, but the state mandated policies, there are a huge problem that program has nearly tripled over the course of the last couple of years. So this is a, a massive problem that isn't going away anytime soon. And it's certainly not going to get better if they continue to prioritize all of these kind of social programs over the actual things that you need in order to live in this region at all.


All right, Mohan. Now I've added a cough drop to my approach to the show, which I never do. I ne that's rude. Sorry for my listen. Oh my God, I was gonna a cough drop. Yeah. I have had, I have had such a nasty cold this week. I took six steroids yesterday and five steroids this morning. How they give you the pack six and it d dwindles, whoa, should take like two in the morning, two in the afternoon. I took 'em all before yesterday show, and I took five. I'm on, I got my RO rage going. Wow. That's what You're like the RF that's Karen Bass's problem Of serious xm. Yeah. I I'm here, I'm here and I'm doing the job. I, this is what I wanted to say. LA times, excuse me, New York post reporting that LA fire department had its budget cut by a staggering 17.6 million.


This financial year drastic decrease in funding for the fire department was the second largest cut to come out of this mayor's fiscal year budget. She had initially wanted to cut it even more to 23 million. I mean, look on, on these issues. I seeded everything to Matt Welch, who is a southern California boy, hasn't lived there in a long time, but never stops talking about it. Matt should maybe go back a former LA Times employee and Camille actually lives in California. But I see things like this and I see something, You know, like a $17 million budget cut. And You know, as somebody from the outside who has no particular expertise and the fires that are always afflicting Southern California, one would presume that, You know, beefing up the fire department, not cutting $17 million from the budget would be the first thing that one might do.


Particularly considering that California has one of the heaviest tax burdens of any country in the state, in the union. I mean, you look at the how much money that they're gathering in taxes and, and where is it going. I mean, that's what I would love to see of like, where in LA County is that money going otherwise, I mean, obviously they have an enormous amount of money in their hands to deal with a homelessness problem, which has not, You know, been dealt with. So, so maybe we should reroute some of that money towards the fire department. A couple of other small things is that one, I mean Matt said, You know, we have friends and You know, it's, she did tweet about it. So, You know, I feel okay saying it is that our friend Kennedy has a house in the Palisades, and Matt and I were talking before this, like we were looking at videos and we're like, oh my God, is that Kennedy's house?


'cause we've all been there and You know, so we have friends that are just on the front lines of this. And the second thing is, is because of the, the unbelievable silliness of the fire chief that you showed clips of. It's like, I don't, why are you telling me about staffing? Nobody cares about the staffing of the post office in California. What are you telling me about your staffing policies? We don't need to know. But they're telling you that because they want you to think good. Look at they're such great people, but let's move away from her for a second who seems like a thoroughly ridiculous individual and, and You know, just praise the firefighters. I mean, two people have died. Yeah, look at that photograph from the plane that looks like CGI from an apo apocalyptic Hollywood movie.


And I looked, it does this morning in terror. And I say, I, I don't, I this must have killed X number of people. God knows that that number is unfortunately going to increase. But I saw that we have a confirmed two people died in, in a, in a fire that big that should have never gotten that big. It should have been contained. There should have been policy. We know that this is what happens in Southern California. But on the positive side, if we can find a small silver lining is that, You know, the people that are fighting this fire are, You know, doing, You know, yeoman's work here. They're doing quite a job that, that they should be praised for. I am just reading now, this is unbelievable.


This is today. Karen Bass has sent out a tweet here she comes underdog to save the day that read as follows as Angelenos start their Wednesday morning. There will be notable impacts to air quality with winds pushing smoke across the LA area. Please limit your exposure by remaining indoors with windows and doors closed and wearing a properly fitted mask. Oh my God, that's her messaging, that's underdog and what she's gonna do. Where's the tweet about the fire hydrants, about what the plan is to save the lives of your citizens?


Stay inside and wear a mask. Matt Welsh, I don't all over the world right now, we are seeing people push back on these leftist politicians and the messes they've created. Is this gonna happen even in California after something as disastrous as this, California has had ample opportunity to push back against leftist politicians over the past X number of years, including the aforementioned Rick car. So I think back to a guy who was a friend of mine who was an actual Republican mayor of California, Richard Reardon. He, unlike Karen Bass, responded to the many tragedies that unfolded in Southern California in the early 1990s.


And I'm not just talking about the OJ trial, but to, especially to the North Ridge earthquake. That's where he found his footing as ma mayor. And You know, that damage is way beyond the city limits of la And let's remember that LA County is a much more important like entity, government entity than the, the city council and the mayorship. And they handled twice as much of the fire action, for example. But rear Richard Ridin went out and he helped and he led and he stood in the rubble and he did stuff to help rebuild the area. Karen Bass being out of the country is inexcusable. As soon as You know, it's a red flag day with 80 to a hundred mile per hour winds. You turn the plane around, you just do, there are things for you to do, if nothing else, than to show your face and to be with your people who are actually fighting these fires.


She was in Ghana at the request of President Joe Biden to honor an inauguration ceremony of some sort. Why does a mayor of any city need to go to a federal inauguration at the, at the behest of the federal government? Don't we have like a federal government to do that kind of stuff? And some ceremonial people you've got business to do. I mean, for generations we've known that you don't leave if you're a mayor or a governor of, of Southern California area or California, you don't leave in October. October is when these fires usually happen. It's when the Santa an season comes, she should have turned that thing around. It's infuriating the mask. I understand this is not a covid situation.


If I was in California today, I would, now, You Know what though? Can I tell you something? I would wear A mask. We, Lemme tell you something. We actually went through this in Connecticut. I don't remember the month. It was like with, over the past 12 months where we had bad fires from Canada that were blowing smoke and it was bad. Like it smelled, it must've been in the summer. I don't know. It was close enough to the summer that the kids were in the pool in any event. And, and the instinct was actually to put on a mask 'cause it was like, oh my God, I can smell it, I can smell it strongly. And then we consulted with some doctors who were like, it does absolutely nothing. No. Oh really? I feel like once again, that ma, unless you have like a real hazmat mask, that mask will do nothing for you. The the point is, if it's bad enough, you should get out, get out.


And they, they can't get out at this point, many of the residents because of those streets the way they are, the, the cars backed up, the smoke and the fire everywhere. And it leaps quickly from from place to place. I, but let's just go back, okay? Because number one, you raised a very good point about the insurance. This is, and I wanna tell the audience, I know it sounds like this is all rich people, but it's not. You know, you, you just hear the word Malibu or You know, Pacific Palisades. It's not, trust me, my friend who's in the middle of this is far from rich and her neighbors are far from rich and You know, they're just regular people who have regular jobs trying to make a living and who cannot get insurance because of the reasons that you just stated that, that the insurance companies did wanna raise the rates and Gavin Newcomb said no, You know, supposedly as this champion of the people, You know, I'm gonna keep the rates low.


But the insurance companies did what they are always gonna do in that situation, which is they took their ball and went home like f off. We we're not required to insure you. The same thing happened up in Montana. It's happened in state after state across the union when it comes to things like flood insurance, fire insurance, and other massive disaster insurance situations that these insurers are afraid of, right? They co it cost a lot. So they wanna jack up rates. And there's, there's A, yeah, go ahead. There's a federal policy associated with this. That's why it happens to Montana as well, which has different governance in general than the California does. And it was, it's a classic unintended consequences story. The, the fair requirement, FAIR fair access to insurance requirements came as a result of the riots of 1968.


It was basically a response post Martin Luther King assassination when there's inner city riots that you could see the scars from space in Washington DC along K Street and 14th. So they said, we need to pass this so government will be the lender of last resorts in inner cities that the insurance companies are too scared of. That was the initial purpose of it. The practical effect of it is that it ended up subsidizing because of bad management. Hurricane Beachside residences in Florida, foothills residences in California, and people who live in floodplains in Texas and in Central Valley of California. So this federal requirement is at the heart of some of this.


Then if you have some price controls on top of it, then it's a disaster. But I really want to, in case that there's anybody out there listening or watching this and doing the, oh, it's rich people in Pacific Palisades Boo who, and already I've seen some people come at me and other people about that. If you really want to go that way, which you shouldn't because that's not American at all. So knock it off, I wouldn't do that to anybody in this country. But the other, there's four fires currently going on at least that have names, but there's a, a couple of others. But one of the biggest ones is the Easton Fire, which is happening around the Altadena Pasadena area, locking outta Flint Ridge, Altadena, Pasadena. This is where my friends go to buy houses 'cause they can't afford it anywhere else in Los Angeles.


This is the place where people who are school teachers buy houses and they are all in evacuation zones to, it's a really ugly tendency we saw during covid from blue states towards Florida of saying, oh, You know, yeah, it serves you right, you're gonna die because you don't take the stupid measures that we're doing in blue states. Don't do it in the reverse way. It, there are people who are really, really suffering. There are difficult public policy questions that California and LA need to do a hell of a lot better job. But be empathetic towards your fellow Americans for crying out loud. Let let me just tell you something. My friend who just found out that her house is gone is a, a divorced single mom.


She's got two young daughters, a a dog. She just told me, I asked, I asked her what, describe your neighbors. Mainly elderly, retired flight attendant, a retired family practice doctor, a real estate agent, a retired social worker, retired college professor. These are normal Americans. They're, they're not rich. They're, they're not at the bottom. They're just normal. You know, this is a middle class neighborhood that is gone, gone. And I guarantee you not one of them had insurance and, and they're elderly too. So how exactly is it that, You know, the, the retired flight attendant is now going to rebuild her life and, and You know, get her things back together.


This is a nightmare that was foreseeable. And let me just tell you, because what, and Trump, he hates Gavin Newsom. Totally, understandably. It's fine. I agree with him. I understand why he calls him that and I have no issue. But he and Gavin Newsom have been fighting over things like this for quite some time now about a disagreement on how to prevent against this. And there's a clip that's going viral on X right now from 2018 when Trump was president, he was standing in a forest with Newsom. Look at this. There's been a lot of study going on over the last little while and I, I will, I will say I think you're gonna have, hopefully this is gonna be the last of of these because this was a really, really bad one.


And I know Gavin's committed. We're all committed. I'm committed to make sure that we get all of this cleaned out and protected. We gotta take care of the floors, You know, the floors of the forest. It's very important, right? You look at other countries where they do it differently and, and it's a whole different story. I was with the president of Finland and he said, we have a much different, we're a forest nation. He called it a forest nation. And they spent a lot of time on raking and cleaning and doing things and they don't have any problem. I mean, it's a fair point and it's a debate that's been had many, many times with mostly conservatives on the one side saying, get in there and do the advanced cleanup and the calling of the trees and the forest that needs to be done to keep people safe and left wingers like Gavin Newsom pretending that they're such just such tree huggers, they don't wanna do it.


But meanwhile, how many trees just burned? How many homes just burned? How many people just lost everything? Not to mention potentially their lives because we wanted to let those little, that 50 feet worth of trees stand instead of calling the area If, if I can go backwards on one small thing, which is I think a really important thing. Matt said something that I very rarely hear him say, 'cause I've known him for a very long time, is that something is un-American. And I think that he's right about that because I wanna just point out that As you said, Megan and as Matt said about his friends in the kind of Pasadena area, not all these people are, are rich.


But my response to that is, yes, that's clearly true, but also who cares? Yes, yes. What if they all were rich? That is fine. I didn't grow up rich. I'm not rich now I'd have no special feel to you to a class of, You know, a a social and economic class of people. That's not my concern. But I mentioned our friend Kennedy, and on Twitter, someone responded to her talking about her house potentially burning down and someone responded, sucks to be rich. To which Kennedy responded, go fuck yourself, which is appropriate Tweet by the way, that's about normal is to be a bag of dicks. So that's clean. I think that's the next one, one that's, that's queued up.


Yeah. But that kind, this is a bit of that, You know, Luigi Mangione kind of class warfare that we have kind of accepting these days. Like, well if it's rich people, then who cares? They can pay for it. Well that's what I heard when I was in Wisconsin. You know, the day that Donald Trump was there after the riots burning down swats of cities in, in Wisconsin. And people say, well, You know, they have insurance. It turned out a lot of them didn't have insurance. But even if that were the case, there are memories there. There are, You know, family photos, there's a, your entire life. And for someone to say, well you're in a high tax bracket So it doesn't matter as much.


I agree with Kennedy that these people should go fuck themselves. So, You know, the, I keep thinking about the fact that California is a place where they plan to do things like outlaw cars that run on gasoline, like these really sweeping, ambitious prohibitions that are aimed at transforming the nature of the state itself and trying to capture the future. It would be wonderful if they adopted that sort of approach to fire mitigation, like something audacious and aggressive and that they continue to talk about year over year. I mean, California is, I mean we, we, I live in Mill Valley, California now Mill Valley is similarly at very high risk of fire and actually has a pretty aggressive approach to these things, but is subject to a lot of the same sort of concerns.


We certainly have our fire season every single year. So it's, it's something that is on people's minds regularly, but there is obviously a need for much more than what's being done currently. And I think a lot of people hear talk of sort of climate change in the context of these conversations about wildfires. And imagine that that mitigate mitigating climate change is kind of enough to address this, in which case doing something about fossil fuels will perhaps help to mitigate this problem. And it just, it does not, it is not nearly the same thing. And you actually do need more of a serious focus on this. The other thing that I think a lot about now is at what point if they don't do something dramatic and audacious, they have to just stop rebuilding in certain places. Because if you won't do the things that are necessary to make it feasible to live there in the long run, then perhaps you just kind of give this space back to, to the wild and allow it to have this natural process, these, these fires rage annually.


Crazy. It is a Thing that happens crazy to think about. Have you guys been around the Palisades? Like it's absolutely beautiful. The thing that I love about it and I, I've spent a little time in like Malibu, which is a lot fancier and on the ocean, but the thing I love about the Palisades is it's all these really cute, charming little homes. You know, there are a couple of the grand estates and so on, but like for the most part, my experience there is it's these really pretty homes. All, some of them have the Mediterranean roofs. It's the stuff you read about when you think about LA from like the 1950s and how people had these little haciendas and they were, You know, I was just, it's so much Americana there just utter charm around every corner And not just a thinking of it Just burned to the ground like some dystopian horror film.


Seems impossible. Go ahead, Matt. Matt Palisades also has a historical role in the 1930s especially. It was home to a bunch of Jewish refugees of Central Europe and Adolf Hitler in particular. So it became a, a great and grand and important refuge as did Southern California and the film industry and a couple of other industries as well, which greatly enriched the culture of America, but also is just sort of a beautiful gesture. 'cause it wasn't, You know, started, it was started as a Methodist refuge and then, and then it just became in this Grand American style melting pot style. A place where people could flee bad situations and then create something new and beautiful and small.


And that's pally high that we're talking about here. This isn't just any high school that was burning yesterday. Every, You know, how many, how many movies have been shot at that, at that place. It's a really lovely, lovely area. And also, let's remember that the fire jumped PCH. So PCH Pacific Coast Highway, which we all mostly know from Nick Nte mugshots is the artery that goes through Malibu. Look on a map, look on a topographical map of Southern California. What are you going to see? There's only six ways in and out of that place, right? There are so many huge tall, steep mountains around the southland and PCH is one of them. And when the fire starts jumping these things, people can get hemmed in pretty darn quick.


I've always looked at that topographical map with a sort of a paranoid eye. And imagine what would happen if there was a nedu. Well, on a red flag flag day, it's pretty easy for people to get boxed in in a hurry. So if anyone's out there still like wondering whether they should evacuate, I would say evacuate dude. Well, I mean, 'cause it goes really, really, really fast and the fire will jump, I think about this because you were saying, You know, Moynihan, you're not rich. I was not raised rich, but now I'm pretty rich. And I think about like, God forbid this happened, You know, of course life, the life of my family and my pets would be my number one thought.


But didn't just think about it rich or poor. What would you grab if you had a moment? You know, it would not be your fancy clothes or your, You know, designer car. It would like your wedding album or like the photos of your kids when they were little before we had the iCloud in some of our cases. And it's not regrettable, You know, it would, for me, it'd be like pictures of my dad who died in 1985 that aren't, I can't recreate them. Like those losses would burn deep and it doesn't matter what's in your wallet and there are so many people out there, it's all gone.


It's, it's all literally up in smoke, not in some remote country, but in one of the busiest, most urban, most lived in cities, one of the, one of the jewels Yes. Of America in, in, in the whole world. It seems almost impossible that they could have let this happen. I mean, I realize yes, mother nature too, but there were too many hands involved in this that let this happened from the refusal to call appropriately to protect these folks in the first place to the focus on DEI at a fire department that need had other needs.


You, You know, you live in Norway where we went in June, you're probably good on the water supply. Like you're probably, everything is surrounded by water. There's a fjord out everybody's window. I don't know, you're, yes, you're in Los Angeles. There's a, there's an ocean there, but they have not been adequately sourcing the water for some time now and they know it. So there's multiple problems out there that let this happen. Here's one thing that just came in as follows. Standby California's wildfire and forest resilience action plan in 2022. Emphasize that quote, rare plants and species diversity must be protected when clearing forest floors.


Now why, why mcil? Why must the rare plants and species diversity be protected? Right. The whole point in clearing a forest is to protect human life. Yeah, I mean it's, it's obviously not an illegitimate concern to be worried about the diversity of the forest, obviously, but it is a matter of having some sort of qualified concern for those things and actually attacking the issue in a very serious way. And unfortunately this is a decades old problem, as Matt already alluded to. And it's not something that has only become an issue since 2014.


So the fact that there are these particular moments where the current thing is some unique set of social concerns, whether it be environmental concerns or it be something related to, You know, race and racial justice. The fact that there are all of these other distractions is important and noteworthy, but it's also the case that they, they manage to find these distractions because it is easier to govern by expressing this continuous concern for these peripheral issues that don't have any meaningful consequence for most people's lives than it is to actually be held accountable for trying to address the tangible concerns that these, that these communities face. Whether it be homelessness or the persistent threat of wildfires as the, the folks of LA are finding out right now.


I think that, can I follow Up on that? The following guys is, lemme just jump in for one second. James Woods has been on the program multiple times. He's a friend of the show and, and of mine personally, he's been posting on x prolifically about this as the fire came right up to his home. Here he is speaking about it. This just aired on CNN Like an inferno. Every house was on fire around us and You know, he got him out and the house burned down about an hour later he would've been in there alone. It was just, and then Robert called us and told us that that house had gone, and the house below that, and then the house on the other side. And then at, at 1149 last night, all the, all the smoke alarms in our house alerted our phones at our, our house that we had just renovated for, for three years and had just finally moved into about three months ago.


You know, all the smoke alarms are going off. So I'm not clear, I I think James May have lost his house. He may have lost his house sounds, no. Yeah, he just, he just tweeted, we renovated a home after Covid and just finished last month to all the lovely people offering care and love. I'll say this, there is no possession as priceless as friends and good neighbors during a tragedy. I can't believe the blessings we enjoy. And I'm humbly grateful. Oh God bless him, God bless him. That he, there he was talking about his 94-year-old neighbor barely escaping, being burned alive. Here is video that was posted publicly.


This is my friend's neighborhood, the one who lost everything with the two young daughters. Look at, look at this, you guys. Oof, For the listening audience, it is burned trees. It is home after home of just a shell. You can see just like a, a shell of a home. It, it reminds me guys of look at that Foundations, It reminds me of what you see after a tornado goes through and the tornado, You know, that is something you cannot do anything about. You know, there, like there are certain parts of the country where the tornadoes hit and people have been raised, look at this for blocks and blocks and blocks.


I cannot believe my eyes that this was lost to fire. You can see how dense densely populated the area was. The picket white fence in front of a dystopian nightmare. Again, burn trees, nothing left of homes. This is just a person tooling around seeing it firsthand. And it happens to be my friend's neighborhood where she lost everything. We have Mayor Karen Bass with the following tweet just out. She's giving the number for power outages. This woman's utterly useless, my friend and others are sitting there with absolutely nothing, absolutely nothing. Trying to find somebody to take them in so they can be under a roof and they don't need a number for a power outage.


That's, that's not what they need right now. I don't know what else she's doing, but I have zero hope that this woman will run hurt on this. Just like, I don't think Gavin Newsome Newsom did either. He just, he just canceled his trip to Washington DC for the Jimmy Carter funeral to deal with the fire as well. Thank you for that. Thank you for service Governor. I don't know, I, I don't, You know, on the political question, you guys, I don't know, I think there's Policy. The California are so left wing, they're so left wing for the most part. But so are the Canadians and Justin Trudeau is just forced to step down and they are looking at this Pierre Pev very seriously and he's the favorite, even according to the New York Times.


Yeah, to win. Now that the, the Canadians, the Canadians are gonna elect Aikens conservative, You know, we watching what's happening in Germany watching the, the rebellion in the uk like what we did here, electing a two time impeached, convicted, whatever, You know, You know how the left says about Trump. People have had it, they've had it with these left wing policies that are yes, deadly, deadly. Me, Megan, I think that, I mean, and you're right about Canada. I mean the conservatives have about 44, 40 5% in the last opinion polls. And that's just marching towards the next prime ministership.


But I think you're right about this and I think it's a kind of global thing because I think people are very tired of the politics of symbolism. 'cause the politics of symbolism oftentimes have very destructive consequences. So for instance, Camille says, You know, rightfully so said, You know what, why not just tell us what the plan is. Lay out the plan for dealing with these fires. Go until, well there's no, what is the incentive for that? There's no incentive for that. The incentive for people like the fire chief in LA County is to come out and you will get on TV because of the people who are controlling these news networks and newspapers, et cetera, will put you on the front cover if you tell them how many one-legged transgender Albanians are gonna be fighting fires.


Like this is symbolism. That Is, it's a tough constituency to find. It's A tough, but they do have one by the way. But no, that is, say that's the same thing about immigration is that, You know, we talk about immigration in these kind of philosophical ways and accuse the people who are opposed to sort of unmitigated illegal immigration and say, well, You know, if you disagree with that, this is kind of a racist kind of Trumpian thing. And then people in New York City and LA and bless so in LA but New York City especially, You know, are dealing with this crisis and saying, oh yeah, that's just not a talking point. It's not like a, You know, You know, something that we argue about in the opinion sections of newspapers.


It actually has practical consequences. But the the, the incentives are totally wrong. I mean, there is no incentive to go out there and say, this is our plan for fires. But there is an incentive to go out and say, look at how great I am. Pat me on the back for what I'm doing for some political issue inside the fire department that no one cares about and affects no one, but it affects them negatively. But it's about that person. It's about that fire chief. Look at how great I am in, look at how I'm following the sort of precepts of modern politics. No one care if you see it in Hollywood, You know, think about, think about the interview. Like, You know, I mean this could be solved if you would just put the things out loud that you're actually saying in your, in your head and you're dressing up with fancy letters.


You know, think about it. You know, Camille, I come in to interview with you as I wanna be the fire chief and you're the mayor and, and you say to me, let's just go over some basics. Do you have a vagina? Okay, excellent. Okay. You, you've already moved up and Who, what, what color is it? Who, Who has access to it? Who has access to it? Exactly. I don't see vagina color. Camille. I don't see vagina. What color is the vagina? A Couple words too long there, Matt. Seriously, right. Like the absurdity. It's bad enough that they're like she's a woman, but they weren't supposed to celebrate the fact that she's a lesbian who gives a shit Better firefighters.


I think according to all the data, I don't What, I dunno. I wanted to make one quick, quick point about electricity and power outages. There is a, there is a reason why that that's Interest outta that. That's interesting. I had to is that if you're gonna do, as Camille was saying, mandate that everyone must have an electric guitar. Electric guitar, that'd be great. Actually the Jimi Hendrix mandate. No, that, that everyone must have electric cars. You better have an electrical grid that works and they don't. And also, who's the biggest contributor to fire of wildfires in California over the last 20 years? Hmm. Let's guess it's the people who have electrical lines that what is what sparks so many of the wildfires.


'cause they spark literally and then they go poof. So people need to think this stuff through a little bit more. Mm oh my God. Our hearts and prayers and thoughts go out to the people suffering right now praying for lives to be saved. At this point, we'll be right back more with the guys from the Fifth Column who are here for the whole show.


Some therapists say that debt can make people feel desperate and helpless. It can ruin your sleep creep into your relationships, it can wreck your happiness. But there are ways to get help. Let me tell you about Done With Debt. They have aggressive new strategies to end your debt fast. Done with debt stands between you and the bill collectors. They tirelessly negotiate to slash balances, eliminate interest and stop the crushing penalties. All without loans or bankruptcy. Done with debt has one goal to wipe out your debt for good. Before you make another payment, consider a visit to done with debt.com. Speak with one of their strategists for free and tell them that I sent you. But you do need to hurry because some debt solutions are time sensitive and you do not wanna miss out. Go to done with debt.com. That's done with debt.com.


The human body is incredible capable of repair and growth that amazes scientists even in 2025. But as the years passed, natural healing and building processes slow down. While this is normal, there is a way to support your body. A collagen supplement from ancient nutrition can help you look and feel your best. For centuries people have searched for a mythical fountain of youth. Spoiler alert, it does not exist. However, collagen is a proven way to promote youthful health and appearance. And this is why I wanna tell you about Ancient Nutrition's. Multi collagen, advanced lean ancient nutrition combines ancient wisdom with modern science to create high quality supplements. It's delicious and easy to incorporate into daily routines. You can just mix it into coffee matcha or smoothies right now. Enjoy 25% off your first order@ancientnutrition.com slash megan. That's ancient nutrition.com/megan for 25% off. Support your body and fill your best with ancient nutrition.


My friend just sent me a picture of what's left of her house in the Palisades, which you look at this. Oh God, oh my God. Tear back. Only the chimney. Oh wow. Only the chimney remains. That's it. This is, I mean, my poor friend, she's like, I don't know what they're gonna do. You know, like I I, she's just in the same position as all of her neighbors from that video that we played you where the person was just going down the street. They're, they're all homeless now, all of them. I mean, there's not enough taxpayer money in the state of California to, to take care of all this damage. And I don't know about the insurance situation.


No. Maybe we can get Greenland to pay for it once they become the 51st state. I'll get to Greenland in a second. I'll get to Greenland. But talk about the perfect seg segue A couple of years ago, John Stossel, friend of all of ours, and You know, former Fox host, he's been doing great on YouTube. He has a very, very interesting show that he does there. And he posts the best clips. He does these in-depth, like eight to 11 minute pieces that get up and down on a story very clearly in the way only Staal can. And he did one on California wildfires and the ridiculous environmental concerns that helped contribute to them.


And guess what happened to his very well researched and presented and produced video. It got censored by Facebook, which is one of the other big stories in the news today. As Mark Zuckerberg is now saying, he's going to finally stop doing that. But before we get to the resolution and Mark Zuckerberg's come to Jesus moment, we cut. My team knows that I, I have basically a, a, a rule that we don't do sound bites over 60 seconds just because it, it drones on for the audience. But this one's two minutes and there's a reason like, watch this. It's very compelling. We condensed staal's report that Facebook found so objectionable it had to be censored.


What? Looking at Facebook, I was shocked to see this big notice on my page. Missing context. It's posted on my video that calls California's Fires Government Fueled because Facebook says this information could mislead people. What's worse is that now Facebook says it will show my content to fewer people. Yikes. My news model is based on social media companies showing you videos. Why did Facebook penalize me? I click the button that says, see why it goes to a page from a group called Climate Feedback that writes about climate change and claims to sort fact from fiction.


Facebook gives this little group power to cut me off. Yeah. Climate feedback posted this statement in quotes as if it's something I said and calls that statement misleading saying it misrepresents a complex reality. Well, it does, but I never said that. I actually said climate change has made things worse. California's warm three degrees over 50 years. Facebook's letting activists restrict my views based on things I never said. I tried, I emailed the editor, she didn't respond. But two of three scientists listed as reviewers did agree to interviews.


You're smearing me based on something I didn't say. Yeah, I mean I've never commented on your article. That was a shock. He hadn't even seen my video. If this is implying that we have reviewed the video, then this is clearly wrong. There's something wrong with the system. He said my video was probably flagged because I interviewed environmentalist Michael Shellenberger. And you're not allowed to do that. You can't talk to Michael Shellenberger and have your video live on Facebook. And if I memory serves, it's been a couple years since I saw the original piece, but they admitted that they made a mistake and then they still wouldn't back down on the censorship.


They like, he caught them in fake censorship, You know, based on nothing mistakes of theirs. And then they still refused to let the video, You know, have the full circulation and not, not be censored. So it was an absurdity. It's things like that that in part got us into this mess in California. It's yet another thing that the left has said over the past 10 plus years we're not allowed to discuss. You can't listen to Michael Shellenberger, former green peace activist, former Obama administration partner on the Lyra Green Window deal, which he learned firsthand was a disaster, which is what turned him more into, I don't wanna call him a man of the right, but just a man of reason saying these policies suck.


Like what are we doing? We're ruining the earth in the name of green energy and it's having the opposite effect. So he gets banned, stale gets banned, we can't have honest discussions about wildfires. And now my friend's home is burned to the ground. So, You know, great Mark Zucker. I mean, cool. Mark Zuckerberg welcome to our free speech party, but you're a day late and a dollar short. Well, I mean, let's be honest that he has also been as browbeat as any executive in the country for the last, basically since November, whatever the day it was after the election in 2016 because the left absolutely freaked out and blamed Russia and Cambridge Analytica and Vladimir Putin and the cookie monster living under their bed for Donald Trump winning, which is a very huge and horrible shock to him.


And by that point, Facebook was large enough that it did what large companies tend to do, which is don't kick me too much and don't do anything that gets rid of my dominant position in the market. And oh, do you want some regulations? I'll help you write them. That's what big incumbents tend to do. And so he played ball 'cause he was pressured to play ball, but also that it was sort of expedient for him. I'm happy that he turned. Everyone should go watch that video if you haven't, and I'm sure you played some of it yesterday or, or we'll Play so soon. No, I'll show some of it in a minute. His, his hair, if nothing else is just fantastic. And I applaud very funny for it. And he's been describing himself as more as libertarian over the years, which is very good.


And this is a moment that where like it's kind of crystallizing a certain cultural vibe shift if nothing else. But I would caution people and that cultural vibe shift to me is that the culture of free speech is reasserting itself. Whether the institutions of free speech are doing that, whether the incoming administration is going to be good for free speech, there's many reasons to think that it won't be good for free speech just in the way that the FCC incoming chairman or or going to be chairman has talked about a couple of things. But table that for a second, that's an important thing. The culture free speech is crucial to what all of us do. And to have social media companies now coming around to where Elon Musk has already been, and he's a weird person too on some of these issues.


But broadly speaking, he has thrown open rather than restricted the amount of speech on his platform. And Zuckerberg even said that he's going to adopt the same kind of Community Notes system that Musk has on Twitter, which is probably the greatest innovation. Amazing in the, in the Muske era. It's just a like real time fact checking what Wikipedia was supposed to be back in the day on some level. But it's So funny, it's so funny that you should say he's playing, but he's playing ball in the free speech, You know, pawned the same way. Steve Martin's son Kevin Buckman was playing ball in the movie parenthood when Steve Martin made him remember playing third base or whatever it was. And like it was a disaster. Poor Kevin Buckman was humiliated, but he had to do it 'cause his dad made him.


There was a happy ending ultimately. But I feel like you're, He was brought to heal, which is great. It's more, we'll take him however we can get him. I feel like it's more genuine. It's looking at the video, it feels kind of more genuine. I don't actually want him to be responding to like government pressure in any direction, whether it's in a way that's positive or negative. I don't think it's Government pressure. I don't think so either, but I, I'm just saying I I wouldn't want that to happen. That's what the left is now describing this, that he's capitulating and he's being brought to heal. I don't necessarily think that that is the case. I know, But I don't, no, he's being brought to heal by us, not Trump. I actually hope so. And I would commend people briefly to go and read Matt Taibbi on this, who's been obviously one of the best chronicler of the way that governments, especially in the Biden era, has put unholy amounts of pressure on social media companies to ban things.


I mean, Rand Paul couldn't go on YouTube to say that, Hey, You know, masking studies are not really all that they would ban him for six months after that. It's crazy what take play we are, we're still like unraveling that. But what Taibbi argues is that perhaps Zuckerberg in the way that he's talking about this, wants to partner with Donald Trump in a way that is actually good and not bad. And that is there's a lot of western European and other country efforts to make a sort of transnational antis speech or sort of anti misinformation regime. And so if Zuckerberg is leading or being part of the solution to fight against that and to encourage Trump.


'cause now Trump has a lot of Silicon Valley people have his ear in ways that they didn't five years ago at all. If he, if they can encourage him to resist any American cooperation, in fact active American resistance to any attempts to be as horribly anti-free speech as the UK has become, then that can be a really good thing I think, Which, which Zuckerberg actually mentions too. Yes. So let me play a little bit of the Zuckerberg Maya culpa admission announcement of the end of his censorship regime. The recent elections also feel like a cultural tipping point towards, once again it's prioritizing speech.


We tried in good faith to address those concerns without becoming the arbiters of truth. But the fact checkers have just been too politically biased and have destroyed more trust than they've created. We're gonna simplify our content policies and get rid of a bunch of restrictions on topics like immigration and gender that are just out of touch with mainstream discourse. Right On what started as a movement to be more inclusive has increasingly been used to shut down opinions and shut out people with different ideas. And it's gone too far. Thank you. YouTube. Your move. Yeah, Your move. C3 PO is on the right side of speech. Like the things, it's like what? He's a robot.


But this is, by the way, there's a lot of people trying to read Mark Zuckerberg here and it's like now he's bowing down to Trump. If it's any indication of the people. I think that Matt and Camille and I have talked to, and Meghan, I'm sure this is true of you too, that after the kind of Me Too movement, after the so-called racial reckoning, all of these things that companies were doing after the 2016 election of Donald Trump and when they kind of unwound those things, the number I'm thinking of, very specific people in my mind right now too who have come to me and said, yeah, no, we never believed that. It was just like we kind of had to do that in the moment. Yep. And they're admitting to their own cowardice and it's not a great position to be in, but it could be very well be true.


And I can't look into his brain and figure out why he's doing this, but it could very well be true that Mark Egbert never believed this stuff that he was implementing on Facebook. And then we had something like Covid. And Covid is a really key component here because when it comes to trust in the media, it's been low for a long time. Its lowest ebb has been after Covid, incredibly low trust in media because people were actually paying attention if you like, you have to wear masks, you have to stay inside. Your kids can't go to school. So you're actually checking this stuff rather than it only being left to a very narrow band of people who care about this stuff and whether the fact checkers and whether the experts are right about this stuff. So that kind of buckled people's impression of what these experts are.


And so when experts quote unquote are coming onto Facebook and saying, no, the expert says this isn't true, we don't have that trust anymore. But to the Stossel thing, one final point is that look at the way they did this it omits context. Has anyone in here ever written an editorial? I know all of us have. What do you do when you write an editorial? Why is the newspaper not this big but this big? 'cause you have to, by nature omit context in everything that you do. So therefore it is a weapon to wield against anyone at any time. Of course, it's not gonna have context for everything. You have to leave certain things out and say, Hey, the general narrative is this, I'm going to inform you about some other opinions.


And then the fact checker comes, comes in and says, well why didn't you, You know, include the wish and initial narrative that is unbalanced as it were. And this is the kind of nonsense game that these people were playing and people were wisening up to it and that's the other reason that they backed away from it. Yeah, I think there's plenty Of reasons I'll day that Facebook announced they were gonna start fact checking presidential ads. This was years ago. This isn't this election cycle. And I remember standing there in my kitchen saying, this is a huge mistake. This will not end well. They are not in a position to do this. Let the candidates slug it out and call each other liars. Let Community Notes pop up. However, but Facebook cannot do this. And it was the beginning of the end for Facebook's political feed, You know, the news feed, which they don't really do anymore.


Like we, we've been on Facebook for years and I never used it as a big tool to promote the show. So I wasn't as hurt by this, by some others as, as some others in this sphere. But they basically completely, what's the word? Like depressed, Deprioritized, And in all circulation of news like about a year ago. And it seriously hurt a lot of right wing podcasts, which had been using Facebook to promote their, their brand. And it was, that was like a culmination too of just their fact checking attempts and how poorly they were going. And like, once you step a foot in this lane, it's just a freaking disaster. You in the United States of America, this shit doesn't work.


But Camille, you wouldn't know that From the reactions to Zuckerberg's announcement, I'll just give you one, which is my favorite. Here's the headline. Okay. Okay. Fact checker condemns Facebook for cutting ties with first responders of the internet. What, like responders? Yeah. Describing themselves as the first responders. Yes, yes, yes. The greatest heroes, the greatest champions of internet freedom are the, the fact checkers. You know what's funny, I I, I haven't talked to Mark, I haven't talked to like Jeff Bezos, but I have traveled in a lot of circles with some of the people that they've been friendly with. Mark Andreessen and Peter Teal are people who have known Zuckerberg for years, been early, were early involved in Facebook and were on the board for years.


I think there's plenty of reason to believe that a lot of people have, over the course of many the recent years done many things that they didn't really believe that they should be doing, but they did it out of fear or concern that they simply couldn't get away with pushing back against certain things. And they feel newly liberated to actually push back and assert a bit of a bit of power and say, yeah, we're not gonna do those things anymore. And I, I think Megan, you were correct to flag early on that there was not a, it was not a good idea for Facebook to begin fact checking political ads. Not a good idea for them to outsource responsibility for trying to fact check the videos that Stossel or anyone else is posting and then flagging them formally, corporately, because there's just way too much opportunity for that to go badly for you.


But when you're guided by people internal to you who are interested in wielding power towards political ends, not merely in the interest of fairness and policing misinformation and disinformation nearly always with a particular political slant, it's going to result in plenty of bad things for you. It'll hurt your brand in the long run. And that is actually what folks have seen in recent years. So it is, it is nice to see the pendulum swing back. I do suspect a lot of that happens, happens to be related to culture. And I hope that we can actually do this in a way that's a bit more stable. I think there are plenty of criticisms that one can raise with respect to something like Community Notes, but it does seem to me that it is infinitely better than what Facebook chose to do when they, again, outsource responsibility for this to these ostensibly independent organizations that in many instances have these political biases.


It is far better to have a transparent process that actually gives people a sensibility that about what those underlying concerns are related to the articles and to, to make it broadly available and open. And just like in the last election, we saw some of these betting markets give us some of the best information about where the election was likely to go, Community Notes, processes work, something like that. So there's plenty of reason to think that that could be a very healthy thing. And I think reasons for optimism with respect to the kind of culture of free speech reasserting itself, although I've been assured by some people that, that that isn't a thing that exists. But I I, I beg to definitely. Well, it's so great because as I listen to you talk, all I can think is we are winning, we're winning, You know, this free speech fight, You know, you guys have been in it neck deep, we're winning.


This is a sign of that. And the second thing I was thinking about was my friend, because her house burned, her car burned. And think about the other thing that that is generally, You know, in your car and in your house, all your birth certificates, You know, your kids' birth certificates, your car registration, You know, you're like, all of that's like, just think of the number of hours, You know, it's going to take you to try to reproduce those items. How the hell, like how do you even start to go find your car registration data? I don't like. Yeah. DMV that's, that may be burned too.


I just, whatever I'm back and forth on these two stories. But on the, on the Happier note, we are winning, although Brian Stelter iss very upset, which is another sign we are winning it. The right side is winning. Brian Stelter quote, met is framing in its PR blog post is more speech and Fewer Mistakes. An alternate title could be more lies and more confusion. That's probably not it. And then those are the New York Times headline that everybody mocked yesterday on X. Yeah. Meta says fact checkers were the problem fact checkers ruled that false Ruled ruled.


That's the great, sorry. Great answer. I wrote, I think my first long piece about how the fact checking industry, which deserves scare quotes was not all that. It was more than a dozen years ago or a dozen years ago or so, for reason because of the way that it was being applied. So in Lopsidedly, in the Obama era, right, you had PolitiFact giving Lie of the Year about Obamacare. Okay, that makes sense. Except it was about Sarah Palin making a Facebook post about death panels. It wasn't about whether you could keep your doctor, it wasn't about whether, You know, you've taken on the drug lobby and finally won or many of the other things that Obama, it wasn't about like, did you See there alive the year this year, Matt?


Yeah, It was not Joe Biden's the best. Yes. Joe Biden Or I won hundred. It was cats of part hunter. It's the cats Of dogs. It was named the dogs. It, I mean that, that's like even take out the politics of this, even take out the, it's obvious that you're more upset about Republican and MAGA Republican in particular rhetoric than you are about democratic. Take that out. Actually. Look at the difference between, and this is was true 12 years ago is true today. They want to fact check political rhetoric. They don't want to fact check the lies that government are telling you in the name of making bad policy. How many, I mean this goes hand in hand.


We've had this crackdown on quote unquote misinformation hand in hand with the government serially lying to us about policies relating especially to Covid. And Michael's right to point to that. Huh? That's an interesting thing. Why are we like actually using government pressure, I would say in violation of the first amendment to being sort of adjudicated as we speak, but government pressure about this at the same time that the government is doing, is making brand new kind of bold stakes of its own misinformation. I would say that those two things go hand in hand. And journalism made a really bad departure 10 years ago or so where it decided to be the referee of rhetoric as opposed to covering policy.


Policy matters much, much more. Yes. And democratic policy in democratic places has, has produced really bad results. Republican policy sometimes does as well, but you should actually follow the way that that works. And they don't. They are more naturally inclined to be upset with Sarah Palin's rhetoric than what would actually Barack Obama did when passing and implementing Obamacare. And this goes on and on and on. The biggest lie of so well that a really long time was Biden's age, that that is not lie of the year is, is fundamentally enraging to at least half of the country. It is a lie, lie itself. I don't, we'll find out what the people of Greenland think.


Charles CW Cook writes it up as follows. And I love this. This is it for more than a decade now, many people within both social media and legacy media in quotes have attempted to use their power to end debate on a host of important democratic issues. This has failed and spectacularly so even if one regards Zuckerberg's shift as a purely cynical surrender performed by a malleable and amoral cipher, one ought to be pleased at the impetus that provoked it. Something is changing out there and changing for the better. Right on. And I know, Matt, you just wrote an article on Charlie Hebdo, it's amazing that we're at the 10 year anniversary of that massacre, which was about free speech.


And whether as that magazine did, you can depict the so-called Prophet Muhammad or you will be murdered and some segment of the population will say, Ooh, yeah, right. You were offensive. Right? I mean we kind of touched on this a little bit earlier this week when I was going off on the movie conclave because it makes a total mockery of Catholicism and the Cardinals and the Pope by spoiler alert, they make the new Pope intersex, which, okay, right. I think the LA fire Department would be thrilled, but in any event I was saying they would never do that, never do that to Islam or Muslims or even potentially Jewish people.


But the Catholics, Christians total fair game. In any event, the free speech debate has been raging for the bad part of 10 years and that Charlie Hebdo moment was one of the most important parts and, and we looked like we were losing, but we're not. Well, I worry, I think we are winning in the culture and you're right to to point that out. But we are not going to, it's, we're not going to find a lot of winning within the kind of legacy cultural institutions. Even yesterday, You know, I was just doing a last quick little Google news search before I hit publish on piece about Charlie Abdo and here's the Columbia Journalism Review, right? Institutional kind of organ of the media industry talking to itself.


You know, talking about the mixed legacy and the, and the free speech. It's more complicated and nuanced than all of that. And like we're talking about the murder of 12 people, beloved cartoonists. Cartoonists who mocked first and mostly actually the Pope. Yeah. And every single French leader, I mean they're an anti clerical, satirical, weekly stretching way back, very anti-authoritarian. There isn't the mixed record here is only the performance of the media which made Charlie Abdo lonely and it shouldn't have been. And this is something that Michael and I in particular have talked about and written about many times, not just over the last 10 years, but over the last 35 since the fatwa was, was placed on Salman Rushdi for Satanic verses.


There was a moment there where there was a time for choosing among Western intellectuals and they chose badly, they chose intersectionally. They said, well, You know, Rushdi and Jimmy Carter's words in an op-ed that he wrote for the New York Times, just three weeks after the Fah, You know, Russia is guilty of insulting Islam, You know, because people from Muslim countries are more oppressed than Catholics or than people from a majority opinion. This was like a new introduction of cowardice on the part of the west kind of judging it in this way. And when the Danish cartoon crisis happened in 2006, which Danish newspapers published cartoons of Mohammad, no one cared. And then a bunch of Imams in the Middle East started publicizing them months later.


And then it led to a bunch of riots. That was the moment when the West writ large should have print reprinted those cartoons. I advocated for such when I worked for the LA Times very strenuously, and I lost very narrowly in the opinion section. And I feel shame to this day that I didn't win that argument because Charlie Abdo was one of the only places that did that. And once you become an outlier, then you become a target. And they became an outlier because of the cowardice of the West. And not just about reprinting cartoons about, in the case of the New York Times at one point writing a a file story about a statue of Mohammed that appeared on top of a New York courthouse for a half a century that no one cared about.


They wrote an article about this in the wake of one of the Charlie Ep Do controversies and didn't even run a file photo of the statue that existed. Oh my lord. Hmm. The historical photo. They're, but you can make the pope intersex the Pope, the male ly the male pope can have lady pre productive parts and it wins awards at the Golden Globes and elsewhere. Right, but what color? What color? That's the real question you mentioned Matt Taibbi, he's got a substack called racket. He just posted this in response to Zuckerberg saying in his video yesterday, he cited press pressure as part of the reason for proposed changes after Trump first got elected in 2016, the legacy media wrote nonstop about how misinformation was a threat to democracy.


Meta tried to address such concerns without becoming the arbiters of truth. Okay, that's not true. One would think legacy media writes taibbi outlets covering Zuckerberg's video address might mention this. In other words, that it was their pressure that led him to implement these bad changes years ago in the first place. No luck rights, Matt, neither the Washington Post nor the New York Times mentioned the legacy media comments by Zuckerberg. Both papers, readers, in other words, were served a curated version of reality that snipped out uncomfortable details. And God, do they wish the whole world could be like that? Yeah. As as usual well said by Matt.


It's very well said. But yeah, what do you, what do you think the people in Greenland are gonna think about it? Are they, are they free speech at, I mean, like, I don't know if they're leftists or right as Trump seems to be saying they're pro MAGA, but like they're not, they're Denmark people, they're kind of owned by Denmark. I mean Denmark does own and like they are as left As you can get. So I'm not sure guys, do we want this as a 51st state? Go ahead, Moynihan. Well, I don't even know where to start with this. The, the people of Greenland as a Dutch Of the, wait start with this. Greenland is mostly icy and Iceland is mostly green discussed. Yeah, That's that's true. So they're obviously very confused as to who they are.


They might be sort of intersex as a country, they don't know they're the Iex inters of potential Territories. Yeah. Yeah. That's gonna be a lot for us to, to take on. Okay, Wait, I am gonna give you the floor. Forgive me, but just to set it up, Trump is indeed saying he had a news conference the other day that he would potentially like to buy Greenland. Greenland is owned by Denmark and it's like one of their territories. And he's saying, well, we want it. And then he got asked, well, like it's got a bunch of natural resources that are amazing and now accessible thanks to some of the global warming. It's not just completely covered by the Arctic. So we are interested because we don't have as much national resources as China does.


They've got way more than we do. So we're eyeballing, You know, Greenland is like, well that could be quite helpful. And Trump proposed this and then he was asked that pressor like, would you, oh, and he also wants to reclaim the Panama Canal. Correct. Which, okay, it's, it was, we gave it to Panama under Jimmy Carter, it's no longer ours. But he's saying, well, we're taking it back. I this is bullshit. You're charging us too much to go through it and we want it. He's also saying, we're gonna rename the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of America. He's saber rattling about making Canada a state. I don't, I don't think that one's real, but I think the other ones are real. So he got asked on the, the Panama Canal and Greenland, whether he would use military or economic might to make it happen.


Would you rule that out right now, Mr. President? And he said, no, I won't rule it out. Take a listen. Can you assure the world that As you try to get control of these areas, you are not gonna use military or economic coercion? No. Can you We Need them for economic security. Well, I don't, do we really want, I do, we want Greenland. I mean, I see the, the natural reso. I'm not, I they're NATO country. I'm not sure we can just go in there and get 'em. It's, it's, I mean, do do we want Italy? I mean, you can't, you can want a lot of Yeah, I would Do. Yes. That want, No, you can't just take Greenland.


You can't buy Greenland. You can't take the Panama Canal back from the Pan Panamanians. I mean, there, there was a debate, there was actually a really interesting debate and viewers, listeners should go check this out in the 1970s amongst conservatives actually about the situation in Panama. And there's a very famous debate between Ronald Reagan and William F. Buckley. And Ronald Reagan said, we should retain control of the canal. 'cause we built it. Actually the French started building it, we finished building it, and William F. Buckley said, it's not a conservative position. We should give it back to the Panamanians, which we did under certain conditions when it turned over to full control in 1999. And the Panamanians have reacted to this recently saying, no, we're absolutely not.


And, and look, the thing about Trump is he shoots from the hip and he says things that sometimes the facts need to catch up with him. This idea that he said with the Panama Canal, he's like, You know, our, our ships are charged more to go through. That's not true. And that is, it has become more expensive of course, because the water levels have been, have been lower and it's cost more and it's slower to get ships through. So they've been raising prices. But that kind of thing is just the, You know, the kind of natural market of these things. I thought he was kidding about Greenland. And the more that I've watched this, he's like, well, we need it for national security and we need it for economic security. Which I have to say is just completely bonkers. And I don't think this will go anywhere, but it is totally insane to say that we wanna become like a local imperial power in the next four years.


Like what? Seriously, it It was surprising. Like some of the rhetoric at the conference didn't sound exactly isolationist, You know, like as much as I loved his like, You know, you're gonna f off Hamas, I better get those hostages back before, before the inauguration. Great comment. Loved it. It's a little like, well what? Or, or what, because like most MAGA people do not wanna get involved in World War iii. So there was that then there was, yeah, I, I kind of do want Greenland and if I have to potentially involve the milit, nah, I'm not gonna rule it out. And same for Panama and maybe maybe Canada. We'll have to, we'll have to see. I'm joking. He wasn't quite that bad. But I do wonder Because he sent Don Jr.


And Charlie Kirk he did. And others on Trump force one that'll work. Two Greenland. Yeah. And then Trump called in. Here's a little soundbite of that visit. Take a look. Take a listen. Tourists seeing it looks like an incredible place. We've been talking about going for a while. I was really excited to be here. Awesome country. The scenery coming in was just spectacular. So just very excited to be here. Thank you. He says hello. Okay, we were talking to him yesterday. So he says hello to everyone in Greenland. Trump tweeted out, make Greenland, Greenland great again. And he called in when Don Jr. Was at a restaurant and he spoke with the people and Trump says, Greenland I hear is very MAGA.


I don't know if Greenland is MAGA, can we start with that? I don't wanna be adopting another California or Oregon, Greenland. I don't know, I don't don't know if Greenland is particularly maggot. And I don't suspect that statehood is actually in the cards here. But there are some legitimate forward policy and economic issues here. I mean, China and Russia both have a lot of interests in the Arctic region. China has a lot of cutters and can get into the ice and can go look for stuff. And there's been like essentially this like competition to see who can get out there and stake claim to as much space as possible, or at least like, kind of clog up the routes so that it's difficult for the United States to have access.


And the United States is interested in having access to a bunch of rare earth metals that you can kind of only get in places like China and Pakistan or India, Pakistan actually. And the fact that some of this stuff happens to be in Iceland as well is of unique interest to the United States. So if what Trump is doing here, and I actually purchased a copy of Art of the Deal in the last 24 hours and have been going through it to try and understand 10 years later to try and understand, listen, I I'm a little late, but I mean there's maybe a little game here Late than never Gotta understand that ghostwriter Trump trump's of listen, he, you could have a ghost writer and still have particular ideas and he's running the playbook. I mean these are grandiose kinda over the top statements.


Oh we're gonna, we're gonna annex them. I'm not, I won't rule those other things out. But if what you really want is a strategic partnership to, to the exclusion of the Chinese and the Russians and you want to build up kind of public concern and interest in this issue, you can try to go about this strategically behind closed doors and be very diplomatic. And it won't even be be below the fold on the New York Times. Right now everyone is talking about Trump's interest in, in Iceland or Greenland, excuse me. It's easy to confuse the two because of this silly way that they've named them. Yes. And, and the fact, the fact that we are talking about it at this point and that it's not just him insisting I want to control it and if I don't get it, I'm gonna start to, to put tariffs on Norway.


He's also saying we're open to other things and he's sending his envoys and the envoys are having more strategic, substantive conversations. And the hope here is clearly to try and get some sort of strategic deal. I mean, Trump has been talking about this since 20 18, 20 19. And as soon as he gets back to the White House, or at least within striking distance of being in the White House, again, he's talking about it again. This is a serious issue for him. I know. And similarly with Panama, the king of Denmark with Panama, like the, Has a lot Denmark, the pri anyway, it was the king of Denmark, like added, suddenly added Greenland to their, the crest over there as like a middle finger to Trump. Meanwhile, meanwhile, I was just in Denmark, I was there in June. And lemme tell you one of the big thing things they're proud about, about their king is that he rides his little bicycle with his basket in the front to work at.


I'm like, I'm not, not not intimidated. It's like the fact that there's a king in Denmark and in Sweden and in Norway is Yeah, believably hilarious because they don't do anything. They did nothing. And no one cares. But yeah, absolutely. I just wanna, I just wanna say that it was interesting to come on the show today and find out that my partner in the Fifth Column, Camille Foster, has completely lost his fucking mind Because he, I'm saying there, there are legitimate issues, searches, imperialist Camille, lemme say this. That's not aerialist though as a, as a sort of moderate student of the Cold War, the way that you do this is not threatening to take people over or buy them and they say no, what is happening in Iceland?


Not Greenland. Let me write that down. If you, If you try, this is the art of Moynihan's deal. Military stop threatening to invade people if you want to have a coalition with them, You know, playing with your name on the side of it. Moynihan, I'm sure if I'm gonna take military pressure in fairness, You know what that means. Here's a John Fetterman, John Fetterman and Camille, oh my God. Could be a joint ticket. Yes. Running on Let's go independent side. But they're sounding an awful lot alike. Take a Listen's A lot of freakouts, You know, and of course I would never support taking it by force, but I do think it's, I I do think it's a responsible conversation if, if they were open to acquiring it and You know, whether they're just buying it outright. I mean, if anyone think that's bonkers, it's like, well well remember the Louisiana purchase.


Oh, I think Alaska was pretty, pretty a great deal too. $50 million I think it was. It was recorded, it was, it was referred to as Seward Folly. And now that was Alaska now. So I mean, You know, open to having all kinds of conversations. He hasn't even take office in two weeks and You know, we really need to pace ourselves if we're gonna freak out over every last tweet or every last conversation or, or press conference be as, Oh, but Moynihan's against Alaska, he wishes we didn't have that state either. I Mean it's, it's a slightly different situation than Louis. We, we were, we were talking Greenland, the rich is not continuous with America, but we have an, we have a military base in Iceland in Keflavik.


'cause we kind of talked to the Iceland, the Icelanders, and they were like, okay, what do we get out of this? And it was just a deal, not, we didn't say we're going to invade you or unless you give us access to your hot, he hasn't said that Exactly. He hasn't said that exactly. And again, he's just imp I'm just saying like China is spending a tremendous amount of money in Africa, red China in South America. Exactly. Red China. And they're trying their very best to have influence there. They have private, well not private companies, but Chinese owned or linked companies who have some interest in the Panama Canal, or at least in the surrounding area. To the extent that the United States is expressing concerns about this stuff in formal ways and in grandiose circus-like theatrical ways is probably not a bad thing on net.


And as strange as it is to have to acknowledge if the end result of Trump saying what seemed like completely ridiculous things about acquiring or annexing some other country, is that we do end up with a strategic partnership of some kind to, that is to the advantage of the United States and the disadvantage of our international adversaries. That's kind of the good thing. It's the first rule they teach you when you take negotiations in law school. The first rule you ask for way more than you wanna settle for. You know, if you, if you need to settle the case for a million bucks, you do not go in there and say, I want a million bucks or 1,000,002. You go in there and say, I want $4 million and then I'll make this case or away and then negotiate down, Let you in the bad.


It could be that international relations are a little bit different than a two-sided legal dispute. Well, Is it true? Is that true for Trump? I don't, I'm not well meaning that, hold on, Megan, do we have the exact quote? I wanna read you the exact Trump quote Because he did not say invade. I think we should be careful. He did Not. No, he said he wouldn't rule it out. Yeah. Let's see. Yeah, the question was okay asked by a reporter if he could assure world leaders that his rhetoric about the Panama Canal in Greenland would not amount to quote military or economic coercion. So okay, military coercion, once he takes office, Trump responded with a simple no, he said, we need them for economic security.


Quote, I'm not going to commit to that. No. It might be that you'll have to do something. Look that Panama, Panama Canal is vital to our country. It's being operated by China. China and we gave the Panama Canal to Panama. We didn't give it to China. And they've abused it. They've abused that gift. Giving the Panama Canal to Panama was a very big mistake. So he focused mostly on Panama. But he said he would not reassure that he is not prepared to use military or economic coercion with respect to Greenland. That's not a great quote, but I'm not, we don't know exactly. No, I think the right answer there if you're asked that question is yeah, we can maybe turn the screws economically, but we're not gonna invade.


I mean that would maybe be the right answer for me. But Megan, you raised the point, which I think is really interesting. One is that the number of people kind of on the, on the isolationist, right? And the people who say, You know, the Buchanan Knights of of yesteryear who are kind of in the Trump coalition now I've seen a lot of them freaking out on Twitter because what Camille is saying is, You know, the China's belt and road policy going across the world, going into Africa and pushing their influence everywhere that we need to respond to that. And You know, that is something that a lot of these people don't like. This idea of being an imperial power or this idea of, You know, threatening military action. Whether it's dropping, You know, American troops or whatever it might be, or saying we need to station weapons here.


That's exactly the opposite of the rhetoric that you get from so many of the people that are on the kind of I isolationist MAGA. Right. And it's really interesting because I think what happens with Donald Trump is that there's a lot of projection that people project what they want him to be. And so I've had conversations with people that totally forget that he sent what, 56 Tomahawk missiles into Syria, which in in what? The first or second, first year of his administration and like that, that was the night he became president, is that right? Yes. Oh yeah, that was Van Van Jones, right. Who said that the night became, Oh yeah. Oh god. A great Van Jones. But that kind of thing is, there's a lot of projection and it's really funny to watch the response from people who say we're gonna look inward at kind of Ron Paul vision of the world.


And he's like, who are we gonna invade locally That's We're evading Greenland and Panama, maybe Canada. And also did, You did rule out Canada. We're annihilating Hamas, But the, we already invaded Panama in 1989, so this would be a second go. So you formally ruled out Canada. Most people do think, you did say it would be amazing That it's rhetoric about Canada, that we don't really want them. I mean, let's, let's be honest, we don't really want that. I think they would be in better hands with Pierre Poly ev I hope they do the right thing and that our little top hat to the north becomes less evil under, under Pierre. Wait, where is that quote you guys? Debbie Murphy? Is that, where's that quote from our, from our friends in the Canadian right wing news. Okay, it's Ezra Lat.


You guys gotta hear this. You've gotta hear this. We love this guy. He's been on the show. He's a more conservative pundit up there in Canada and he explained why Canadians are reacting favorably. Many Canadians to the Trump rhetoric about, we'll take 'em. We're taking Canada to taking it all. Okay, here is what he said. It was a thread on X. Why are Trump's 51st state comments resonating? So Ali in Canada, because of Trudeau himself, when Justin Trudeau first won election in 2015, he told an American newspaper, there is no core identity, no mainstream in Canada.


He said, we're the first post national state such gross left wing rhetoric. Okay, he goes on. Since then, he's taken our founding Prime minister off the $10 bill. He's altered our national anthem. He's accused Canada of committing genocide against our indigenous people. But he won't say that about China and the Uyghurs. He regularly accuses Canadians of being racist and sexist even as he dresses up in blackface. He's denuded our military to the point where we can't even participate in NATO war games because we lack modern equipment, but equipment. But he can't afford tampon dissent dispensers in male bathrooms and military bases. His veterans affair department now recommends assisted suicide to vets with PTSD. This is why Trump's statements about becoming the 51st state sting.


That's why they hit home. Because for a decade, Trudeau and every institution in the country, the regime media, the universities, the courts, the Parliament has said Canada means nothing. Everyone of Trudeau's actions say Canada means nothing. It's really just a hotel. Well, Trump knows about hotels. Why wouldn't he try to buy one, especially one that's so dilapidated. So wow. Good a fact check though. I think it was Brown face and not blackface, but You know, it was true. No, no, there was one that was very, It was true blackface. He did the minstrel show blackface full On. He was like the Canadian Al J it was like He totally was. Yeah, yeah. But I, On this topic, I don't know if you've heard Yeah, Yes.


You've, you've, you've wade into this debate before, haven't you, Meghan? I love Traffic Thunder for the record, I have to take a break. That was great movie. Alright. Thank God I'll be right back. Don't go away.


Are you overwhelmed with back taxes or unfiled returns? We'll get ready because since Covid Relief ended, the IRS hired 20,000 new enforcement agents proposing millions of pay up notices for 2025. If you're worried about IRS collection tactics, you don't have to face them alone. Tax Network USA can help you. Tax network USA is the nation's premier tax relief firm. They've negotiated over 1 billion in tax relief for clients. Their services include penalty, forgiveness, and hardship programs. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their experts are ready to assist you. Even if you're behind on taxes Tax Network. USA can guide you through the process. Contact them for personalized support handling. IRS matters without professional help is risky. Protect your financial security with guidance from Tax Network USA. To schedule a complimentary consultation, call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. Don't let the IRS's aggressive tactics control your life. Empower yourself with Tax Network USA support, and takes charge of your financial future. Visit tn usa.com/megan today.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly me. Kelly, you can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Listen to this you guys. This just tweeted out by the New York Times. Things are getting tense in LA as fire hydrants and reservoirs in the Palisades begin to run low at the crest of Sunset Boulevard, a desperate man dropped to his knees in front of a firefighter who was battling a blaze, consuming the home next door, begging him to turn the water on the flames, threatening his own home. Another firefighter warned, we're down to 25% hold off. They're having to basically ration what's left of the water in the hydrants, given how low the supply is. I don't, I mean, they too live on water. Why is this so hard? That is mismanagement to me. It seems pretty clear.


There's a, I just retweeted out Joel Pollock from Breitbart who lives I believe in Brentwood, but he, he's definitely local. He just had a really good informative thread about a, a variety of issues including reservoirs and fire management and brush management specific to the Palisades. I recommend it and hopefully people will tune into wherever he's talking. Hmm, guys, thank you. It's been a pleasure spending the past two hours with you. Prayers are, go out to our friends in California for absolutely a result and for better leaders, I really hope they help themselves. See you guys soon. Thanks Megan. Debbie Murphy, Canadian. Debbie lets me know that this is how they changed Canada's anthem in 2018.


Under Trudeau used to say, oh, Canada, our home and native land, true patriot love in all thy sons command. And he changed it to in all of us command. 'cause you can't have sons in anything associated with Trudeau. Like in, You know, America, the beautiful. You can't have thy brotherhood. You'd have to change it to brotherhood and sisterhood and personhood and they be hood. It's ridiculous. Goodbye. No one will miss you. Even the left hates you. Justin Trudeau, before we go, I wanna tell you that tomorrow on the show we have a different Californian. Bill Maher will be back on the show and we'll ask him whether he's experiencing any of this devastation firsthand and what his reaction is to whether California will wake up and try to find some better leaders to help them with these tragedies among others out west.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.