
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and Game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Friday with just over five weeks to go before President-elect. Donald Trump is sworn in the media's working through their five stages of grief. There's anger from Don Lemon, denial from media stationed outside of Mar-a-Lago about the fact that they're no longer relevant and some bargaining and acceptance from the owner of the Washington Post Jeff Bezos. We'll get to some of that in a minute, but we're gonna kick it off with some breaking news on these drones with the question mark that we reported on yesterday.


In depth. If you missed that report, it's on our YouTube channel now. Joining me now longtime radio host, Hugh Hewitt, host of The Hugh Hewitt Show Friend and one of our muscle listen and two commentators in America. His show is gonna be moving to afternoon drive time on the East Coast in January. Hugh, great to see you.


Are you ready to challenge yourself and dive deeper into the ideas that Shape America? Prager U is a conservative nonprofit that promotes American values through educational videos that reach millions of young people every single day. Prager u's five minute videos, they deliver the best ideas from the best presenters in five focused minutes, five minute video hosts include Ben Shapiro, Dave Rubin, Vivek Ram Swami, VDH and more. Right now, Prager Yu is offering you a chance to expand your knowledge on a range of topics through their exclusive five minute video challenges. Learn everything you ever wanted to know about poli sci economics, the Constitution, American Wars, and the founding fathers. When you sign up for a Prager U Challenge, which is 100% free, you receive a different top rated five minute video Every day you'll receive a special edition ebook for each challenge exclusively from Prager Yu join the millions of others who are already benefiting from these powerful bite-sized lessons. Go to prager u.com/challenges and sign up for free today.


Thank you Megan, and thanks for plugging the move to the afternoon. I tell people morning drive radio like you gotta use dog years. I've done it for eight years. That's like 56 years. I love the afternoons. I cannot wait to move the afternoon. Afternoon. I highly recommend, I don't know if I re recommend being in New Jersey between dusk and 11:00 PM And by the way, now it's not just New Jersey reports today that these things, well, we'll call 'em Drones 'cause that we don't know, but for lack of a better word, have now been seen in New York and over LaGuardia or near LaGuardia and down in Maryland. Listen to this from the governor of Maryland who just dropped this tweet, governor Larry Hogan last night, beginning around 9:45 PM I personally wi personally witnessed and videoed what appeared to be dozens of large drones in the sky above my residence in Davidson, Maryland, 25 miles from our nation's capitol.


I observed the activity for approximately 45 minutes. Like many who have observed these drones, I do not know if this increasing activity over our skies is a threat to public safety or national security. But the public's growing increasingly concerned and frustrated with a complete lack of transparency and the dismissive attitude of the feds. The government has the ability to track these from their point of origin, but has mounted a negligent response. People are rightfully clamoring for answers but aren't getting any. We are being told that neither the White House, the military, the FBI or Homeland Security have any idea what they are or where they're coming from or who has launched or is controlling them, and that they pose no threat. That response is entirely unacceptable. I joined with a growing bipartisan course of leaders demanding that the feds immediately take this address, this issue, the American people deserve answers and action.


Now, this is crazy. We were told yesterday, yesterday about John Kirby at the White House, nothing to see here. We can't even confirm that there really have been drones. And this is leading now to senior government officials to sta step out and say, sorry, sir, we are seeing them This morning. I had Cheyenne Sankar on the program. He is the chief technology officer for the PA for Palantir, and he's being tipped for the Deputy Secretary of Defense under Pete Hexa. He's Mr. Artificial Intelligence. And I said, what do you, I just happened to say, what do you think of these drones? And Cheyenne said, they're terrifying. And I thought to myself, holy smoke.


This guy is one of the smartest tech people in the country. And he says, it's terrifying. And he explained, we don't have control of the domain. And if you don't have control of the domain, you have essentially seated your national security and your personal security to whoever's in your space. And we have seen Drones used rather effectively by the IDF, by Ukraine, by Russia, not so effectively by Iran. But people have gotta wonder what in the world is going on here? It can't be right. Can we eliminate hobbyists? There are too many of them and it too elegant configuration. I don't believe in space. Aliens, I do believe in, in adversaries who exploit what sancar called the orcs, the seams between our, our various agencies like DHS and the Pentagon.


And they have to get much more serious and in a hurry. Meghan, Yes, I I don't get this. There's nothing to see their response by the feds. It makes me think it is the Feds. But if it is the Feds, why wouldn't they pause now that it's becomes such a controversy, they're still doing it. So I don't know what's going on. But it's very strange how certain the Feds seem to be saying they are, that it's nothing. Whereas honesty sounds more like what Larry Hogan said, You know? And what these New Jersey law makes are are saying like, we don't know what this is and we need to know. Here's the, the headline from NBC yesterday.


Now Key House and Senate lawmakers are demanding that top federal law enforcement officials immediately brief them on these Mysterious drone sightings. And here is Kirby, right at the White House yesterday. He said that Homeland Security, the FBI and state and local law enforcement have not been able to corroborate any of the reported visual sightings of the drones. He said, upon reviewing images of the sightings, law enforcement officials have concluded, quote, these are actually manned aircraft that are being operated lawfully. And said, there have been no confirmed drone sightings in restricted airspace.


White House National Security Council telling NBC news. We have no evidence at this time that these reported sightings pose a national security or public safety threat or have a foreign nexus. But now you've got New Jersey senators, Cory Booker and Andy Kim, New York Senators, Chuck Schumer and Kirsten Gillibrand sending a letter to the Homeland Security secretary, who's also a Democrat as You know, and the FBI director and the FAA head all saying to, to all these guys, we demand a briefing. And some say we could get it as late as or as early as this afternoon Hug. This is bizarre. I don't remember seeing anything like this. No. We have area 51 to do our experimental stuff.


We don't do it in new church. Right. But that's not, I don't think it's our team. We don't do it our, but I will say, why would anyone at the White House expect us to believe them? When they told us for two years that President Biden was spry doing jumping jacks and back flips in the Oval Office with ING made, why would we believe anything they say? I don't. And therefore, when the Intel committee gets a briefing and Tom Cotton comes out, or Mike Waltz comes out of the house and the Senate Intel Committee and says, X, Y and Z, I'll believe them. And I'll believe Team Trump when they get there. I'm not believing these two Same. I feel exactly the same.


And on this one, we actually do need, we need some answers. I mean, I don't know what it's what it is. Yeah, there's, here is what I hope it isn't. Watch, it's a massive spaceship for the listening audience from Independence Day. It's a big spaceship too. That's, we're rooting against that. I think, I think that's worse than Iran or the Russians. Am I wrong? Or China. And Remember Independence Day, they were everywhere at once.


So that, but again, they picked New Jersey. So this doesn't make any sense to me unless they're just fans. No, I don't get it. Like, let's just spend one second speculating on what it could be, Stu here, because the, the, when I first heard about it, I thought, okay, it's probably like some smart MIT college guys who are super effective with drone technology and are having some fun, maybe they're from New Jersey and so they targeted New Jersey just to see what might happen. But this has been going on since November 18th, right? So we're like going on a month now and it's spreading. And even though the Feds are saying to all of us, nothing's there.


There's nothing confirmed. I mean, I know some of the people in New Jersey who say they've seen them. I, one of a friend sent me a video who I've known for two decades of what she and her husband saw not long ago. But anyway, like the feds would know, the feds would have investigated this no matter what they're telling us. So why would they be lying to us? What, what could the explanation be that would cause the government to lie? The easiest explanation is it's the chi comms. They let the balloon float across the country, which I believe was the third or the fourth balloon, but the first one that the public saw. And this administration does not wanna have a confrontation with China as it goes out the door. The only people that I think have the technology capability to do this are the Chis, unless it's the MIT kids.


MIT kids used to blow up the 50 yard line between Harvard and Yale games. They would do funny things like that. So they have lots of tricks. But MIT's nowhere near New Jersey. I don't think it's the Rutgers people much as we all love Rutgers. They're in the Big 10. I don't think's the Rutgers people. So I, I immediately think Chinese Communist Party Could be Princeton people that's in New Jersey. No, they don't really actually do science in Princeton. No, they do Eating club. It's eighties I guess. No wait, wasn't Einstein there? He was there. I I think that's a good, that's a good theory. I we're gonna find out. I don't think this mystery will remain a mystery. And I don't think John Kirby's gonna get away for another day or two of saying, don't believe your lion eyes.


There were no drones. That's a bunch of bs. Yeah. And they're gonna be airplane pilots. They're gonna be fighter pilots. They're gonna be people who know which they speak, who go up there and observe now. And the media's paying attention once the media begins to pay attention, answers begin to manifest themselves. Same thing happened with the balloon. If people are under the balloon sequence, there's no balloon. It can't hurt us. It doesn't belong to the chi comms. We'll shoot it down later now we can't find it. A series of denials that has to do with the inability of the administration to pre protect the country. Same sequence underway. Okay, so speaking of don't believe you're lying eyes. Pete Hef did get into West Point.


That's the lead of our next story. And this is relevant. Even though he went to Princeton, speaking of Princeton, he, he did get into West Point decided in the end after touring both and considering what his life would look like to go to Princeton, but ProPublica this far left group, activist group that's tried to take down Justice Alito, justice Thomas with Smears is now trying to take down Pete Hegseth by getting ready to report that he was lying. That he did not get into West Point. So they called West Point to say, did Pete Hegseth get into West Point? And West Point allegedly told them not once, but twice, no, he didn't get in here, he didn't apply here we have no record of of Pete Hegseth ever, ever applying to West Point.


So then they go to Pete, he's lawyer, Tim Parla tore, and they say, we're gonna print that. He lied. You have one hour to respond, which is ridiculous as if, as if this is like national security. And they had to rush to print with it, Hugh, right? They had 60 minutes and he had to get back to Amu baloney. So instead what happened was Pete Hegseth went on Twitter on X and posted his acceptance letter and he didn't deal with ProPublica. He dealt with us and said, take a look at this. Here's my accept acceptance letter from West Point.


And now ProPublica is trying to defend itself by saying, hello, this is how journalism works. When you posted that, we stood down from the story. So calm down Pete Hegseth and to this series of events. You say what? I say number one, I wish I had a recording of the editorial meeting when they decided to do the story because they're stupid. If you get into Princeton, you will have certainly gotten into West Point, and especially if you're a fit young man like Pete exit. So it pre it is presumably true. But You know what else corroborates that is that after done with Princeton, he goes into the military and goes into combat and is deployed three times twice to a combat area.


So there's no reason to doubt that he was interested in the military and there's no reason to doubt that he was qualified to get into West Point. So what kind of editorial predicate did they have other than he's the most wounded nominee. Let's try and bring him down. He's the weakest member of the herd right now. He's no longer, they made him stronger world left wing hit group. The best thing to come out of this, actually it's two part one, the mask is off ProPublica. They, they've done some good work in the past that I've actually used on my shelf usually having to do with international stories. But they've done horrible stuff in the last six months on the Supreme Court. And then, You know, sooner do they catch flack that Josh Gerstein over Politico, another lefty come to their aid.


So they're circling the wagons around an exposed left wing hit mob. And I, I just love that it's happening. They come and I posted on X had 300,000 views. People aren't are getting to know ProPublic outta this. And I think it may have secured Pete. He that's confirmation, although on yesterday's program, you were talking to Josh Holmes and the, and the gang from Ruthless, the four horsemen of the apocalypse and ruthless, they were not, they were not certain about Pete getting through because hearings are hearings and I remember the Clarence Thomas hearings, the Brett Kavanaugh hearings, they've come up with anyone we, people we haven't heard of yet, right?


Just random x, y, z people. And you're not gonna have the chance to do what you did with your colleagues from the Daily Mail or your sit down with Pete Hegg said it's gonna happen in 72 hours and he just gotta go in Ollie North style. He, I don't think he wear the uniform anymore. I don't think he's in the reserves, but he's just gotta go in and hammer every allegation, Right? Be be merciless on it. And then, and then let's see those Republicans look at Trump and all of his supporters and say we reject him that we're gonna, we're gonna stop him based on whatever comes out at that hearing. I mean, we'll see whether it's new evidence when they actually produced somebody on the record to accuse Pete of the things that have been alleged only anonymously thus far.


I look forward to seeing some form of Fox News employee get up there and say, oh, he was drunk. Okay, sure. You know what, I'll testify at the hearings. I spent 10 years working with Pete. He, he was never drunk and I saw him in the primetime when you would be, anyway, so that's, that's Pete. I will say I think their hesitancy is based on Joni Ernst, because I think we all think we're gonna lose Murkowski Collins and maybe McConnell, maybe not, I don't know. Well, maybe, but he doesn't like Trump at all and vice versa. So she's the one, and I know she's saying things that are closer to maybe, but You know, as well as I do, Stu, I mean, why do I keep calling you Stu?


He was a talented lawyer now who, who went to Harvard and University of Michigan at law school and worked in the Reagan administration. She's being careful with her words. She says, while I support Pete through this process, what I, what I think he deserves is a hearing. That is, that's just a buying time phrase that's not a promise of support. Now I, what I am hearing Hugh, is that she doesn't like him. Well I, You know, you're never in the room. I actually don't think we're gonna lose Senator Collins. I think Senator Collins is very serious on defense. He's chairwoman of incoming appropriations. I think if he tells her, I will pay attention to your line items and we will fully fund it.


Not necessarily gonna lose Murkowski either. They need those Air Force bases up there. They just moved a bunch of C1 30 up to Alaska. I don't know about Leader McConnell. I doubt that too because again, do o d's so big, if you shoot to to kill the SEC death, you better win. And everyone's got a lot to lose. And by the way, You don't know who's coming after that. And so Pete is well known and I find it interesting that both you and another former Fox colleague, Geraldo Rivera, who have no obligation to come to the defense of Pete, he that have both stepped up to do so. That's very revealing. I don't know if Pete, except by interviews like this, and I've read his books and I've talked to him a few times in the hallway or on a set, but I don't know him.


You and Har Geraldo know him. You have no obligation to defend him. You both have defended him. That tells me a lot. Yeah. I mean, I said to the audience, don't marry Pete, but I would take him as my sec deaf that, so it's basically my, my words. I have a question for you, for the audience. I think spouses know each other pretty well, but other than spouses, people who work in a network and who do shows together know each other very well. You know, whether you're on time, whether you're late, whether you dress well, whether you don't dress well, You know everything about boyfriends, girlfriends, husbands, wives, children.


It's, you just spend a lot of time with your colleagues, which is why when you and Haroldo say Major Pete is great, I listen. Yeah, I mean I, I spent a lot of time with Pete Hegseth and all I ever saw was a professional, smart, earnest, great guy who cared deeply about the military. It's all he wanted to talk about ever. I mean, even when you're making casual conversation, that's what he wanted to talk about, the military and what he could do to address their concerns and how their needs weren't being met. Truly. Even in casual conversation, and I've said this to my audience before, we did have conversations many time at the Times at Fox News about whose drinking was getting outta control or who was potentially taking drugs.


And some we knew were, and those people were definitely on the radar. We all knew he was never one of the names. Pete was on the radar for loving the military and veterans. And yes, for being a little Randy, I guess we can say when it came to the women, whatever that's between women, his lies is The word Tom Catting. Did you use the word Tom CADing? I was Rich Lowy. Isn't he cute? Yeah, somebody used Tom Catting. I like that. Let me ask you about the one, the people who could really rat out Pete makeup artists. I don't know how Fox does it, but PBS when I did, No, they loved him. If you get the makeup Artist, my former makeup artist at Fox, who who was there all the time has been texting me about him nonstop.


Like she's in his camp, she knows you're exactly right. They know where all the bodies are buried And their opinions count a lot. They know people And one posted on Instagram in support of him as well. So I mean, he's good there. I wanted to pick up on what you said about the political reporter Josh Gerstein. So he gives you a hard time. You, you responded to the ProPublica attempted attack on Pete by saying this story is and remains that a bureaucrat at West Point misled you and you did not print that. That's not journalism. Then Politico inserts itself into your spat with ProPublica. Josh Gerstein the reporter saying, Hugh, are you really saying we should do a story every time what a government spokesperson tells us turns out not to be right.


I mean it would take up perhaps half of my time and then you responded, but do you want to walk us through why a response to that? Yeah, they're saying look, they checked it out. It didn't check out. They moved on. Josh's argument is a straw man and it stands out in a city full of battalions of strawman. Josh's argument stands out as the strawman because it is not responsive to number one. Why did they begin the inquiry when he was a Princeton guy and he did go in the military? Number two, why didn't they tell us that West Point had misled them, which is itself rather significant since he's going to be the Secretary of Defense. And if the answer is because they have bad bookkeeping, then you just put it in.


It's a one paragraph thing. We got a tip or we were concerned that he didn't get into West Point. We investigated it turns out that West Point was wrong. So we ought to now worry about West Point record keeping. Tom Cotton has sent a letter over to West Point. He wants answers. My guess is it's innocent error by an incompetent bureaucrat. But unless until we know that it is a story, what we know is that ProPublica did not do it. Now, part two, Josh Stein, how is he connected to ProPublica? Josh Stein broke the Dobbs leak, remember? And oh right, he's been a critic of Thomas and Alito and their ethics the whole time. So he and ProPublica are washing each other's hands.


They share a point of view about the court. So they're circling the wagons. Left wing journals are circling, circling the wagon around Lefting drums. And he got hammered in the comments because everyone said, yeah, that's actually not journalism. You should say that you were misled by West Point and that that was unfortunate and that you were hot washing the story. And that's what I hate that when you, you have an hour to respond, that's hot washing the story and absolutely right. Thank goodness he had good files. You don't do that. You don't do that where you only have an hour to respond unless there's, there's a reason for it. You know, like we have got to get this story, it's breaking, it's big and national security, whatever.


There are reasons why you might have to, if it came to you late, you didn't have time to go to the source, whatever. But this is not one of them some evergreen piece on whether Pete did or did not get into West Point. They were just trying to sandbag the guy. You know, one of the possibilities, and you mentioned it on why they wouldn't even do just a one paragraph or on it, is somebody at West Point was the initial source somebody Oh yeah. I mean you think of West Point as being, You know, pro, they're military, whatever, that doesn't mean they're pro Pete or pro-Trump. And if somebody at West Point, You know, if they, if the call was incoming to ProPublica and, and You know, in an attempted smear that they were about to print and didn't because Pete had the records that West Point claimed it didn't have, that'd be a reason why you wouldn't say it.


You know what's interesting? I hadn't considered that their tip had come from within the academy As you, As you probably know, the under an intense amount of focus for having become woke. And not one of them, but all three of them are under an intense amount of focus about what are you teaching our future warriors? Are they doing more social justice warrioring than they are actually lethality? And I have no opinion on that because I'm civilian, but I know we should look into it. And the people who are veterans in the Congress, cotton, Dan Sullivan, Michael Wal, they're drilled down on this and they're not gonna let it go. The best result for West Point is that ProPublica called us up, they called the file clerk.


The file clerk got it wrong, she looked or he looked in the wrong place and we came up with the right answer and we immediately called 'em back. That's the only best case scenario for West Point. If they initiated the story, if someone decided, You know, I don't, like Pete said, and I'm gonna, I'm gonna blow the whistle on a claim that I heard him make once on West Point because I don't see it in my data file. That's a bigger story either way, proa did not do its readers justice and Josh Gerstein and the gang that are defending them are just tipping their hands. Is the fact that they're activists. They're, they're actually journalists, but they're advocate journalists, activist journalists. And that's what I am, but I'm transparent about it.


Yeah, right, exactly right. Alright, so now there are, we covered activist journalists, but we did not yet cover the sad, sad journalists down near, but not in Mar-a-Lago. There's a piece today, yesterday in New York Magazine. The headline is The Press is Down and Shut Out in Palm Beach. Steve Chung is not sympathetic. Steve Chung, of course Trump's long term spokesperson who's now his director of comms incoming at the White House. Okay? So they start by saying the quoting, good Morning from West Palm Beach, I'm your transition pooler today, this is the New York Times', Michael Cher who wrote this on December 9th to a group of fellow reporters who have teamed up to take turns covering the post-election news out of Mar-a-Lago.


But he doesn't have much to report. The reason is he writes, I've reached out to the transition about today's schedule and have not heard back. Cher was part of an unofficial press pool set up by the White House Correspondence Association to cover, You know, Trump's team down there. But the press is being kept at a safe distance. They point out, this is very unlike 2016 when Trump let the press stand at the base of Trump Tower and interview all these candidates who were coming in to kiss the ring on their way in and way out. But this time, no, he's not really interested in it. And Steve Chung has said, Hey, I didn't authorize your weird little transition coverage.


You didn't ask us, we would've worked with you, you didn't so pound sand. But they lament in this piece. The incoming press secretary, Caroline Levitt and Steve Chung sometimes don't get back to the shutout frustrated reporters at all. Hugh. And they go on to say that these folks, okay, notwithstanding the fact that they don't know what's happening, they're not sure what's going on with the White House press rooms seating chart, and they can't get straight answers on whether they're gonna be where they wanna be and were that they are quote soldiering on and that they're doing this. Notwithstanding the fact that hotel rooms on the island of Palm Beach are hard to come by and they are expensive.


So most journalists are exiled about a half an hour's drive in West, Wait, wait a second. When has a reporter ever paid for their hotel room? When has that ever paid for their hotel room? So the idea that But Hugh expensive, the horror West Palm. No, You know, I, I, I, I can't be sympathetic because the president-elect has talked to Time Magazine to NBC and to Jim Kramer at the stock exchange. All three of those were fairly in depth. The Christian we was 30 minutes. I make my arrangement to talk to the president through Margot and his personal staff. And they are very professional, the Chung organization, very professional, but they are not giving away the candy the way that they did for eight years ago.


Because eight years ago they came in thinking that they were gonna get a fair deal and it turns out they don't get a fair deal from these people. So why bother? Why be nice to them at all? I like my own share by the way, comes on my show. They get five quarter, but no one is owed anything by the president-elect. And Megan, if he gave a lot of interviews, do you think they would start getting the one president, which, Yeah, right. So here's the end of the piece. It was my favorite part. Not only have they been banished to West Palm, oh my God, it's like being bumped from the double wide to the single and the trailers, they say with the West Palm Hilton now officially sold out.


Some reporters have been forced to retreat to the courtyard by Marriott, out by the airport. He hett the humiliation of these Poor, You know, reporters. I actually prefer Courtyard by Marriott because they don't give you expressive machines. They give you the old fashioned Mr. Coffee so that in the morning You don't have to make the Expresso machine work. I just gotta say for anyone who's ever gone to a convention, you're lucky if you're within 15 miles of the convention center. I mean, you just gotta travel, travel, travel. So that is a silly story and I'm, they're just, No, it cares. You're reporters, you're the lowest of the low and that's how you're supposed to live.


And it's one of the very healthy ways we make you generally hate authority. It's just in this country, you're supposed to hate authority whether they're red or blue. And you people don't, Don't you think it's interesting? By the way, the Pro Blue Book, I did not report that West Point misled them. Would you report if someone misled you from the government? I would. That would be a big story. I would call back. I would call back and I would say, now I've seen a record proving that you misled me. So what is your explanation for Ms. Misleading me? And I'd love, I'd love to hear what they say and depending on what they said, I'd go from there. But I would definitely be very interested in the fact that I'd been misled by West Point, which absolutely knows whether Pete Seth applied and not only applied but got in.


You are gonna tell me that record keeping is that bad? Pete's what? 44? He was in college 25 years ago. I'm trying to do with the math there. It's not that long and West Point of all have Secretary pretty meticulous records. That's your boss. If you're going to West Point, your boss is the Secretary of Defense, you would at least use Extreme Care before responding. And in fact, you might wanna call the transition team to inform them that you've had an inquiry about the nominee around the Department of Defense. How would you True, how would you advise us to respond? That's what a professional would be. But someone tried to do a head job on people.


Yeah. Well here's like, I wonder because the other piece of it is when it comes to West Point, there could be national security implications. I would imagine the records there, they, they would keep them better than your average university would because who's trying to get in and why? Whose kid is trying to get in and why? I would imagine those records are considered rather important by like the Pentagon. And so I do wonder whether they are as capable of Hapless air or probably they are probably as a Princeton or where I went Syracuse. But maybe not. Anyway. Maybe somebody will get to the bottom of it. Okay, while we're on the subject of journalism, something interesting happened over at CNN and it's turned into a controversy and I'd love to get your thoughts on it.


Clarissa Ward is considered a star reporter over at CNN. She's been there many years. She was at Fox for a short time and she is doing reporting on Syria and what's happened in the wake of Bashar Alad being chased outta the country to Russia and this new Islamist group taking over, You know, like the kinder, gentler Al-Qaeda. And she was patrolling through the streets as in her Reportal role and says that she came upon a Bashar Alad prison facility with one of these new, You know, quote unquote reformed Al-Qaeda types with her.


And that they went into this prison cell. And there's a prisoner who was being held by Bashar Alad. And here's my interview with him. We got him out, we gave him some water and he had a bite of food and we stuck a mic in his face. And this is extraordinary. And now in the wake of this interview, which got all sorts of plotts all over the internet people, oh my God, she's amazing what she did, blah, blah, blah. Now some people are raising questions about whether she was misled. I think that's the most charitable thing I've seen on there. Some have suggested she, she may have been part of the misleading. I doubt that, but I don't know, I don't know what's happening here. And I'm not even sure there is a story, but I'm gonna bring it to you 'cause it's, it's getting some steam.


I have Seen the clips. I'll show you the, the Mediaite was one of the places that did a rather lengthy piece. They, they watch our business and reporters and raise questions about reports like this. There's a guy named Charlie Nash who raised some questions about the, the piece and I'm gonna show it to you. And then there's a filmmaker named Hassan Acade who has been detained twice in Syria and he has got some doubts about this video. Alright, let me show you the first clip. This is part one. When they find this guy under a blanket, it's high drama. You can see Clarissa's a little dramatic herself and I will say, seems to insert herself into the story.


Watch this. It's one of many secret prisons across the city. I can't tell though, it might just be a blanket, but it's the only cell that's locked. The guard makes us turn the camera off while he shoots the lock off the cell door. We go in to get a closer look. It's still not clear if there is something under the blanket. Oh, it moved. Is there someone there? Is someone there or is it just He tells the fighter he's from the city of H and has been in the cell for three months.


Okay. Okay. You're okay. You're okay. You're okay. Clutches my arm tightly with both hands. Okay, There some, does anyone have any water? Okay, so here's what people are pointing out. He's pretty clean. For a guy who is, who's been in a prison cell for how many months? Three or three plus months. Three months. Three months without food or water for four days, what we see on that video is no waste at all in the prison cell.


And no trash, No bucket, no facilities, no bucket, no Bucket. Right? And we see a man who's still under the blanket, even though he's just heard somebody shot shoot off the alleged lock on his cell, still under there. Okay? Maybe he's hiding. We see Clarissa Ward who speaks according to her Arabic, only speaking in English in Syria, okay? Don't know why that happened. And this guy, Hassan Acade says the following, I was detained twice in Syria. I think this is staged. CNN should investigate. Happy to be proven wrong. Individuals are never locked in communal cells.


Cells look too clean, no discarded clothes, bags of bread, bottles of water, other blankets. And he has too much energy for someone who had no water for five days. This is what the cells in Syria and prisons typically look like. You, we pulled this from one that was farther north. I mean, you can barely see the ground. There's so much debris and trash, I don't know. But here's what I believe. I doubt Clarissa Ward, who's a respected reporter, would stage this whole thing. But I do think there's a possibility she and the other media celebrating this moment are not being skeptical enough about it being staged for her.


Yeah. Do you remember the fellow from Hamas who ended up being a star in video after video where they staged the death of young people? Yeah. And it became kind of an internet sensation Because he was really good at pretending to be a victim again and again and again. And it's turned out to be a tried and true tactic of the Islamist resistance wherever it pops up to stage. Manage victimization videos. I don't know if this is true. I don't know, Clarissa, I doubt any reporter would set this up because the danger of your career, it would be an existential destruct destruction of your career.


If you stage that. Are you insufficiently suspicious of it against the backdrop of what you've seen in other Syrian prisons? Perhaps Because if I were the CNN editor, I might have raised these questions interspersed with the actual reporting. Don't you think that would've been safer to raise doubts about the possibility you had been punked used? 'cause reporters are punked all the time. And talk radio. We have a six second delay. 'cause people call up all the time and punk us and then you dump them when they go off in their own little, they wanna Howard Sterns people used to do this to every other radio show in America. Yes. Baba Bowie. Yeah.


And so you always had a delay because people are in the business of punking people. And I just think they've gotta be very careful when they corroborate everything. Here's the second clip where they're now outside of the prison and she's interviewing him, which, You know, I, I can, like, some people are like, I don't get it. Why? Why aren't you getting him to a hospital? Why aren't like we're, but journalists are often heartless like that. That's, she's not alone in that approach. Most of us would, You know, we won't want the story and then he can go to prison. But here or to the hospital, here it is. After three months in a windowless cell, he can Finally look how clean he is. Sky, oh god, the light.


He says, oh God, there is light. Like the fighter hands him something to eat. Barely lifted to his mouth. Okay, his body can't handle it. Okay, you're okay. His cap just fled during the fall of Damascus. She's holding Him, rubbing his back, no food Or water. That was at least four days ago. The rebel tells him, there's no more army, no more prisons, no more checkpoints. Are you serious? He says, sur Syria is free.


He tells him it's the first time he has heard those words as a paramedic arrives the shock sets in. Jake, I have to say I have been doing this job for nearly 20 years now, and that really was one of the most extraordinary moments that I have ever witnessed. And folks pointing out online how clean the man looks, the jacket, the pants, the fingernails, like it's just he and, and does he have the right energy level for somebody who hasn't had food or water in almost five days?


I don't know. But I think that there should be an investigation by CNN just to make sure they have not been used by an organization trying to look like heroes, notwithstanding their own controversial behaviors. It's either a great scoop or a great Duke. It's one or the other. She either gets a Pulitzer for being on the ground and being willing to go in a risky place, or there's going to be a hall of shame trophy here because it'll be a great, do what I'm most suspicious of Three months in an Assad prison. You would expect manifestations of cruelty, not merely being hungry and and thirsty.


Five days without water is pretty bad. You could probably fairly move. I did note there was a story the other day that a, an 11-year-old girl survived three days at sea between, and she was drink from Sierra Leone to Italy and her boat capsized off of Tunisia before the first Italian and 44 people died. And she lived. So miracles happen. She had hypothermia when she came out of the water. But you can tell when people have been under stress, I don't see, did you see any wounds, any scratches? No. Any bleeding? No. And there's one other weird thing, potentially it depends on your opinion, where in her exchange with Jake Tapper who was asking her about this, she offers one additional detail, take a listen to.


So eight, We don't know where Aul ban is. Now he got into that ambulance, we offered to give him our phones to call his family. But As you can see in that moment, he was in a state of profound shock. He wasn't able to collect himself to the point where he was able to get in touch with his family. Possible. I, possible, possible, but, But again, You wouldn't wanna call your family first thing out of captivity after three, four months. And you, you're so shocked. You can't make okay. It's possible. Right? But these, all, these are just like that, that's what led to the media I piece and In favor, in her favor, who stands to benefit from this?


Because I really don't think Clarissa Ward would stage it. No. So who stands to benefit from staging it? The guy I worked for Hamas was trying to enter, generate international pressure against Israel. Well, who are they trying to generate international pressure against? Assad's gone. So who's, who wins With it. But, but it works for them to look like they are the kinder, gentler that they, oh my God, Bashar Asad is even worse than you knew this poor man. He's been under there and we're talking about it. That it went everywhere. It went everywhere. So much coverage about how, You know, what an evil man this Bashar Allis is and how the, the new captors, well not captors, but the new King Town is really good team calls in and gives water and cell phones to prisoners.


Okay, yeah. That's a potential motive. I mean, you'd have to kick those tires as a journalist, You know, again, being used, that's the biggest thing you have to worry about in this kind of situation is being used, being turned into journalistic propaganda. Yeah. And perhaps Clarissa Ward saw that coming from a mile away and made sure that that wasn't happening. But I would like to hear more. I don't, I'm not sure right now based on what I've seen. Okay. The controversy over the CEO murder, the United CEO, Brian Thompson continues. Brian Thompson Yeah. With people, sorry, Brian Thompson, where people are continuing to try to justify this. We have been meaning to get to some of these stories, but we didn't quite get there.


A OC weighs in, she does the, this is not to justify violence, but bit, but bit, here's what she said. I think that this collective American experience, which is so twisted to have in the wealthiest nation in the world, all of that pain that people have experience is being concentrated on this event. And it's really important that we take a step back. This is not to comment, and this is not to say that an act of violence is I is justified, but I think for anyone who is confused or shocked or appalled, they need to understand that people interpret and feel and experience denied claims as an act of violence against them.


Oh my God, Hugh, There's no evidence of a denied claim. Correct? It, it's just the craziest thing in the world. There is no evidence of anything except a screenshot of a back x-ray. My own theory is a psychotic break and a schizophrenic acting out of anger against anyone who randomly he picked out of a phone book. And I do believe his shouting at the police indicated some kind of psychosis. But Elizabeth Warren and a OC repulsive and disqualifying, they have no facts upon which to base their speculation, even if their speculation had a denied claim on the part of the killer.


That's not justification. All they do is license additional political violence. I have Steve Sice on my radio showing up today, and I asked the majority leader on, in June of 2017, a man tried to kill you. He didn't like Republicans and Scalise teed off on this Because he cannot believe people stand with anyone using violence in any situation and trying to make an excuse on the basis of mythology. There are no facts, healthcare or a denied claim, nothing. Zero. And moreover, in the guy's alleged manifesto, he says, oh, they're probably people better qualified than I am to explain exactly what they're doing that's so bad.


Like he doesn't sound like somebody who had lived this firsthand and had a personal Greg. Not that that would justify any of this. But to your point, we don't know what this is about. And what the evidence seems to be suggesting is you had a once perfectly normal young adult, one minute, and within the past three to six months, a switch flipped, which is totally consistent with some sort of psychotic break, whether induced by a schizophrenic problem or by, You know, drugs that he was taking. We don't know, but show me the evidence. And by the way, even if it is a claims issue, too soon, too soon to engage with this guy's gripes and ideas.


Yeah. And how many claims did he have given? And Brian Thompson has two sons who are without a father, and there is an incredible lack of empathy on the part of a C'S mis empathy. And Elizabeth Warren, I have a question for you, Meghan. What are the manifesto rules that when the Unibomber Manifesto was released, it was a big controversy. The manifesto of the Nashville killer, the trans activist was never released. It had to be leaked. I'm not sure where this guy's manifesto came from or why we know parts of it, but I haven't seen the whole thing. What are the manifesto rules? Do we, do we always release, sometimes release them? Well, let's look at what happened with the manifesto with the trans killer in, is it Virginia?


We're trying to think of the city. Yeah, where they Nashville? They kept it from us. Yeah, yeah. There we go. Nashville, thank you. Where they try to keep it from us and it had to be leaked. I mean, I, part of it has been leaked online. I don't know if we've seen the whole thing, but it's like the, of course there's, there are different rules depending on the person's, You know, status and the, the, the Kimmel having his producer's lusty texts after this guy with him, reading those on the air is just the latest scourge on a, b, c news. And how can they share a, a calling card with this guy? It's just absolutely vile. Hugh, that's the state of our media today. I'm thrilled that you'll be coming on in the afternoon now to talk about it more.


And I love the show and listening to your opinion. Thanks for being here. Thank you, Megan. Thanks for having me. Continued success of the Megan Kelly Show. Thank you so much. My friend. Wanna tell you while we have just one minute that we are gonna be dropping a special episode, I think it comes out tomorrow morning, and we're gonna be talking about like some special fun Christmas things and Christmas gifts. And I think you guys are gonna really enjoy that, enjoy that. So look for that in your feeds. And in the meantime, if you wanna email me about your best Christmas gift, what you're recommending for your fellow listeners and viewers, or what you received over the course of your lifetime that you love the most, it's megan@megankelly.com.


The Megan Kelly show is supported by Grand Canyon University, founded in 1949. GCU is a private Christian university that's dedicated to delivering an affordable and transformative higher education. Their vibrant campus is located in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona. And according to niche.com, ranked a top 25 best campus in the USA. As of June, 2023, GCU offers 330 academic programs with over 270 of them online, allowing you the freedom to earn your degree on your time from wherever you are at GCU, your degree. Whether it's a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate, integrates the free market system and a welcoming Christian worldview. Learn more about G C's programs. Competitive tuition rates and scholarship offers from your university counselor. They're part of the supportive graduation team. It takes a personalized approach to helping you achieve your academic goals, walking alongside you every step of the way. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University. Private Christian, affordable. For more info or to enroll, visit gcu.edu.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


So joining me now is a prominent and outspoken cardiologist and creator of the documentary. First Do No Pharm Dr. Aseem Malhotra. Dr. Mara's documentary Sheds Light on the pervasive influence of big Pharma on healthcare, the truth about cholesterol and statins, and much, much more. Dr. Aseem, welcome to the show. Hi Megan, lovely to be here. I thought the documentary was fascinating and disturbing. I remember, and I think this is one of the things you guys that led you to make this documentary a few years ago, the, the line on statins had become, the question in today's day and age is not so much why are you on a statin, but why aren't you on a statin?


That they were being recommended for perfectly healthy people over age 50 who might get heart disease or clogged arteries at some point as almost like a preventative measure. And while the whole film is definitely not just about statins, that's where it starts. And it's very interesting. So let me kick it off by playing this soundbite of a guy who was your patient, right? Tony Royal who did take a statin. He was in a position of having had a heart attack. So his case was more severe. But the question of why not take one was experienced by him.


The answer I should say firsthand, here's Tony slot, 30 Massive aches in my legs. I had no energy, no libido, I just lost the will to live. Almost, I felt dreadful. It was that point where I started to question what was going on. Either I was very sick with some other illness, oh, my heart was going downhill again. Or it could be possibly the medication I've been put on. One Of the medications that Tony was on that he believed caused him quite significant side effects, such as muscle fatigue, erectile dysfunction, brain fog, really limited his quality of life for many, many months was a statin drug. So Dr.


Sene Asin, let's start there with statins and, and this problem overall. Yeah, Megan, so really interesting you've started with that because, You know, my journey as a practicing cardiologist, as a qualified doctor for well over 20 years actually started towards the end of sort of 2009, 2010, when I really started to investigate why heart disease hadn't really come down in the way it was predicted to come down. You know, by the end of the, the 20th century, it was predicted that heart disease would essentially be eradicated because of statins that come on the scene. And a lot of what happened around changes in guidelines on diet was based upon this, what we now know is a very flawed hypothesis about lowering cholesterol.


So that's where I begun my journey because I was seeing my patients come in, You know, more stress on the system in the National Health Service, more people on many, You know, suffering from chronic disease, but patients also reporting a lot of side effects from statins, which where, where there was a discrepancy between what I was observing in terms of the frequency of these side effects and diagnosing it and what was in the published literature. So when I went on that journey, Megan basically, I, You know, came to the conclusion that the, You know, that this fear around cholesterol is, is grossly exaggerated to the extent where I one could argue, and this published evidence for this, that high cholesterol, so-called LDL bad cholesterol isn't really a significant risk factor for heart disease.


But of course that's where statins came in because the thinking was if we lower LDL cholesterol, so-called fat cholesterol with these statin drugs, which are by the way prescribed estimated to be prescribed me to 1 billion people globally, certainly at least 200 million. And we think at least 30 million Americans are taking statins. You know, it doesn't really have that much of an effect. So when I start, when you start looking at the actual data on statins, and there's a huge caveat here, by the way, because almost all of the data on statins is comes from industry sponsored drug trials that have never really been independently evaluated. And that's something of course that comes out in the film where myself and, and John Abramson from Harvard, You know, trying to get access to the raw data so it gets investigated is even if you look at that data from the drug companies and break it down, the actual benefit of a statin for an individual over a five year period, but low risk of heart disease or certainly someone who hasn't had a heart attack, is about 1%, one in a hundred chance of it preventing a non-fatal heart attack, a nonlying stroke without prolonging one's life.


Now Tony's case is really interesting and he was quite unusual patient because As you already alluded to, You know, he was somebody that had a heart attack. He was a Virgin Atlantic airline pilot. He was fit and active, he was following the dietary guidelines, low fat guidelines, thought he was doing everything, You know, healthy in a healthy way. And his early fifties basically suffered a heart attack, couldn't fly anymore, went back to his previous job, which was a maths and physics teacher. So he is very good with numbers. And then he started to get debilitating side effects, You know, about a year after, You know, taking all these medications he's prescribed. Well, he suddenly felt unwell anyway, initially started looking at the drugs and the details and the benefits, et cetera. Thought there were side effects from the drugs, stopped his statin felt a lot better.


And at the same time changed his lifestyle. And You know, Tony now is in a situation, this is quite unusual for a heart patient who's had a heart stent and a heart attack. He is now training for World Iron Man, You know, and he is 60 plus now and he is off all his pills, Megan. So I'm not saying this is for everybody, but it's a great example of what can be achieved in healthcare if we actually give patients the right information, if we empower them on the benefits and harms of drugs in a way that is not through coercion, not through manipulation of drug industry who are there to basically, You know, make money. And, and the reality is this, most people in the world, Meghan, taking statins and again, are gonna get no benefit whatsoever.


And they don't even know it. If high cholesterol, high LDLs doesn't cause a heart attack and you potentially can see that number rise without freaking out, then what does cause a heart attack? Yeah, great question. Before I answer that specifically, I said something interesting that I found myself and a number of international scientists in 2016 and BMJ, we actually looked at whether LDL cholesterol had a, a risk for heart disease in over sixties, partly because the original studies aware cholesterol was, You know, exposed as a potential risk factor or as a major risk factor of heart disease. What wasn't publicized, Megan, in those original studies from framing in Massachusetts that started in 1948, not for decades, is that once people hit 50, as their cholesterol dropped, their death rates increased.


And we thought, why? What? This is a bit unusual. Why is no one really talking about this? So we went back and looked at, You know, up-to-date data and what we found, one was there was no association with LDL cholesterol and heart disease in over sixties. But the most interesting finding was the higher one's LDL in older population, the lower the risk of death statistically. Right. So the question is, how is that possible? Well, one of the things that's been forgotten because of all this focus on heart disease and this sport hypothesis is that cholesterol has a really important role in the immune system. Older people are more vulnerable, dying from infections. And there's also an association, our mis stress, and we dunno if it's causal, but there is an association with low cholesterol and cancer, which again, is likely relating to the immune system. So that just, just to muddy the waters a bit further, that just lowering cholesterol for the sake of it may actually be harmful.


It's not that it has no detrimental effect. Now, what is a risk factor? Major risk factor of heart disease, it's a process in the body called insulin resistance. So it's essentially over time your body becoming resistant to the hormone insulin. And that is driven essentially by food. You know, diets that are high in starch and sugar, ultrapro foods being sedentary, and also to some degree chronic stress. And insulin itself, when it's cons, You know, raised chronically for a long period of time, or if you're eating a lot of, You know, junk food, it directly is toxic to the inner lining of the, of the heart artery. So that's how it cause heart disease. And that's accepted in the literature. Why is it not well known or publicized?


Because not never been really an effective drug to tackle insulin resistance. So it has then been proven in any trials to prevent heart attacks. And of course, You know, there is no market for a healthy lifestyle really for just eating real food, You know, not being set trained. No one gets to Reach out that Absolutely. So that's really the missing link. And when I institute this plan with my patients, Megan, You know, the lifestyle plan based upon the, You know, best evidence and I, I don't say don't to my patients, don't take statins, I say, listen, this is the absolute benefit. You know, without even talking about harms, I mean, harms come in as well in terms of side quality of life, limiting side effects in particular like muscle fatigue, like what's Tony Roll experienced?


Most patients when given that 1% figure, Megan don't want to take the pill. And I actually write my letter back to their general practitioner and say, listen, the patient has decided they don't wanna take the statin. I've given them the information and their decision should be supported in keeping with the principles of ethical evidence-based medical practice. So actually what the issue highlights is that if we were practicing true ethical evidence-based medicine in healthcare, Megan, we'd sort out the health crisis very, very quickly. How would you see? So I think the way a lot of people see heart disease is you go to your cardiologist and maybe they give you a, an echocardiogram stress test combo where they can see your heart and how it handles stress, and they'll see whether you have a thickening of the walls of your arteries.


That's, that's the gold standard test I think other than getting that, I guess calcium score red with injectable dye, which is more invasive. Yeah. But so if you see fatty build up on the walls of your arteries, then, then you have a mystery to solve, right? And today, I think the doctor would say, if you had it, don't eat so much red meat, don't eat fried food, you exercise more. Right. What would you say if you saw That? Yeah, yeah. So, so on the red meat issue, first of all, You know, just to, if for full disclosure here, Megan, in 2013, I caused global controversy when I wrote in the BMJ, but formerly the British Medical Journal, the, the, the saturated fat does not cause heart disease.


And that's, and that's the evidence for that is now pretty much conclusive. So that means that eating foods like red meat does not contribute to heart disease at all. In fact, I tell my patients, I'm not worried about how much red meat you consume as long as you're following the principles of what I call a, a, a low refined carbohydrate Mediterranean diet. So, so that is definitely not something that I recommend patients to, to not do. Right? Eating red meat is not an issue when it comes to heart disease. And You know, even on the issues of say, colon cancer, the evidence is only really there for processed meat, not really for red meat, for real food. And the dietary guidelines, unfortunately in the US and in the UK have have, have really put at the base to tell people to eat, You know, six to 11 servings, I think in the US guidelines of, of starchy foods, which is the complete opposite of the foods that you want.


Oh, it's, it's, it is absolutely insane because these are the foods that are gonna drive all these conditions. It's not just about heart disease, it's high blood pressure, which is the single biggest risk factor for death globally. It's type two diabetes. They all contribute to also, You know, it's not about longevity, it's about quality of life as well. You've got type two diabetes, your massively increased risk of depression, chronic pain, for example. And then of course then you've got the pills to take, which aren't that effective by the way that give you side effects. So a whole management really of, of people's health in healthcare is upside down. What I do tell patients to, to do though, is to adhere to a healthy lifestyle. I use calcium scores sometimes in patients because there a very good way, it's an imaging to, for people that don this, it's a, it's a form of imaging which looks at coronary calcium, nothing to do with diet, which is a mark of inflammation and buildup of, of plaque or fatty deposits if you like, within the arteries.


And it correlates also. It gives a very accurate representation, Meghan, of your risk of a heart attack or stroke in the next decade. But what's interesting is, and, and certainly with my patients and what the literature tells us if you look at it properly, is that this is potentially reversible. And of course in the film, First Do No Pharm, You know, without giving too much away, You know, we end up going to India to meet a cardiologist who for well over 20 years and it's published on this, has been actually reversing the blockages within the arteries, which most doctors, and I can tell you, almost every cardiologist will not even think it's possible. So he's done that through a combination of lifestyle. But the most important factor from his research that actually caused the reduction in the blockages, which I think is fascinating, is actually through meditation.


And, and this can be explained and this is, it's really interesting. So chronic stress is established as a risk factor for heart disease is the same as being a smoker or having high blood pressure or type two diabetes. Okay? But most of us are not really dealing with it properly. And the process involved is that if you look from an evolutionary perspective, You know, acute stress obviously can be lifesaving. But from e evolutionary perspective, if we were in a jungle and we're running away from a tiger, for example, example, when you are under a state of acute stress, the body releases clotting factors and inflammatory factors. So that if we were attacked by that tiger, we are not gonna bleed to death or it's gonna reduce our risk of bleeding to death, let's put it that way.


Now this is chronically going in the bo going on in the body at a low grade when people are stressed, You know, chronically stressed. And that's how it damages the heart arteries and heart disease itself, again, for many years was thought to be a fixed issue. You develop a blockage and it like a clogged pipe, it gradually gets worse over time. And at some point you're gonna have a heart attack. But this is not true. We know now that it's a dynamic process so it can be reversed, Meghan. And I think that's really one of the most interesting, fascinating aspects of, of the new paradigm in, in actually reversing, not just preventing people having heart attacks, but actually reversing the blockages. And that's what we need to do more research and invest more of our resources. I I wanna get to the causes of why we've been so misled.


For sure. That's basically what first do no farm is about and it's shocking our FK j's in there, our audience will recognize a lot of the faces. Cali Meanses is in there, Dr. Jay Bachar is in there. Great, great film. In fact, before we go any further, how can they see it? 'cause it was sent to me as a screener, but how can our audience see it? Yeah, so it's on a website. The, the website's, no farm film.com. So that's no np HA rm film com. So they can download it for about 10. I mean it was independently funded, very low budget, You know, great. And yeah. Okay, good. So let's, let's remember that to, to see it. But before we get to that, you mentioned in passing just there Mediterranean diet, what else? You added a couple phrases on there.


Can you talk about eating? Yeah, so, so, so the, I think the, if we understand heart disease to be a chronically inflammatory process, which is exacerbated by instant resistance, then the solution to prevention and managing heart disease is to deal with the chronic inflammation and the insulin resistance. So there are certain components of the Mediterranean diet that have been shown in studies. You know, there's not a lot of, unfortunately nutrition science is, is, it's quite flawed. But You know, the studies have shown that they are, there are certain components of their Mediterranean diet that are anti-inflammatory. So these anti-inflammatory components come from extraversion, olive oil, oily fish, nuts and seeds, whole fruit and vegetables.


So as long as the base of the diet is, is really composed of those foods and you eliminate the sugars and too much of the refined carbs, that's means not too much bread, pasta, rice, potatoes, for example, then you are basically following the best possible diet when it comes to heart disease. Okay. So I call it a low carb, a low carb Mediterranean diet is the way to describe it. One question I have for you is, let's say, well I have listeners out there and viewers who are, You know, 60 years old and they're like, I'm constantly inflamed. I've lived 60 years of inflamed, You know, I've, I've eaten all the processed foods, but I'm inspired now I'm gonna, I'm gonna start tomorrow with a Mediterranean diet that's low carb.


Can they undo 60 years of damage or is it like kind of a fade comp lee at this point? I think a lot of people are like, forget it, I'm screwed. No, Megan, actually that's a great part of the, there's a lot of hope here. The, You know, there's evidence that, good evidence that shows, and I've seen this with my patients, that you can actually start to reverse the risk factors for heart disease. And many of the inter resistance, by the way, isn't just about heart disease, Meghan, it's probably after smoking the most important risk for cancer as well. And certainly linked to Alzheimer's as You know, as a prominent risk factor. So if you sort the insulin resistance out, you're probably gonna solve a lot of the chronic disease problems in the whole of America.


And the, this is the good news, within three weeks, there's 21 days, 28 days, you can actually start to reverse those risk factors. I've had patients have sent their type two diabetes that they've had for 15 years into remission just by putting out the carbs. Wow. And is your body then at zero or are you closer to death than somebody who's been living well for their 60 years? Listen, it takes more to reverse disease than it does to prevent it. So it depends from patient to patient, but unless you try it, you won't see. But there'll definitely be an improvement. Now to what degree we don't know until you try doing this, but certainly with I, my patients, I say, listen, do this for three to six weeks.


Certainly I think the maximum improvement you will see in terms of blood markers, You know, linked to high blood pressure or type two diabetes for example, will happen, You know, about three months. But it can, it can go on for longer than that. I think. What's been interesting is there A book that you like that you recommend? Well, I, I've actually written three books myself and the first book I wrote has a lot of recipes and it's called the POP diet. PIO double PI, which is based upon the original village, which was behind the Mediterranean diet. But my more recent book, which probably is more up to date and more concise and relevant to our conversation today, is called A Statin Free Life. And in that book there are recipes and a diet plan and everything else and it explains the whole cholesterol issue and heart disease reversal as well.


That's great. So just to give somebody people a place to get started as we go into the holidays, that's a good place to kick it off. Alright, so let's talk about causation because when you first came out, you, you, you, you mentioned you caused quite a stir, but the industry wanted to cancel you at almost every turn. And you published a paper in that the BMI what, what was it called? The B-M-J-B-M-J-B-M-J. Yep. And they tried to get your paper pulled, your film has an interview with a woman who was running it at the time who didn't know whether she was on your side or not, who was open-minded to pulling it if you had misstated facts and misled people.


And she's pretty forthright about how the once, You know, they wanted to see data and so on and so on. But they ended up not pulling it and saying to the people who are criticizing you, why don't you write a rebuttal if you feel differently? And they didn't really wanna do that. So this all kind of gets to, there's an absence of honest data from the people who are telling us things like statins are perfectly safe with a very, very good side effect profile. It's not just the statin drug makers, it's drug makers for the most part, who just, they, they hide information even from the people who are charged with reviewing their drugs and telling the rest of us whether their drugs are safe.


Yeah, absolutely Megan. So, You know, medical knowledge is under commercial control, but most doctors dunno that, and just to give you, You know, how bad the situation is, 20 to 50% of all healthcare activity in the United States, and you spend almost four more than $4 trillion in health, healthcare actually brings no benefit to the patient, is wasteful or harmful. And the reason for this is that most doctors and policy makers are unaware of the poor quality research that drives overuse in terms of overmedicated people underuse of simpler, safer lifestyle options, avoidable adverse events, waste and missed opportunities to give the right patient the right treatment at the right time. So that's really the, the major issue here.


And the way to overcome this or to solve this problem is to make sure that, You know, drug trials are independently evaluated or, You know, take things further. I mean, if you look at the history of the drug drug industry over the last few decades, most drugs they produce are copies of old ones. You know, they take an old generic drug, they change the molecules here and there, they patent it, make lots of money, which is of course a huge waste. You know, the American taxpayer, American public are paying lots of money for something that could be a lot cheaper with a, with an older generic drug. And then of course there's the harm issue because what they do is the, the results of their trials that they, they design, they control, they analyze, they publish a medical journalist who by the way take a lot of money from industry as well, which comes out in the film, will grossly exaggerate the safety and benefits of the drug.


So no informed consent is truly happening. And of course it doesn't take a rocket scientist to figure out if a doctor is making clinical decisions on corrupted and biased information, Meghan, at best it's going to lead to suboptimal outcomes for patients and the worse it's gonna do harm, You know, and even pre pandemic, the third most common cause of death, and this is still, when I, when I talk about this at lectures, people gasp, even doctors, the third most common cause of death globally after heart disease and cancer is prescribed medications according to one, You know, analysis. So it's really a massive problem. It's a major public health issue. And, and what the, the main focus and of course, You know, part of this Maha movement and, and what Robert Kennedy Jr.


And like the Jay Badari and Marty McCury want to do is one of the most important things is to get the, the American population re You know, reducing the medications they're taking and then trying to, You know, empower them and create environments so they can flourish from a, from a health perspective through a lifestyle. They're, they, like anybody who's associated with medicine, never forget the magazine world. They're on a different page, wants you to lose weight. They any real doctor is against obesity, which is probably, You know, the number one or a huge risk factor for so many diseases, including diabetes. Yeah. Which just doesn't lead any place. Good. And You know, what they have said on this show and elsewhere is eat better, move more, right?


Like the, that's really what we're looking to do. And throw out that food pyramid and stop, You know, eating six to 10 grains a day and so on. What we've done over in America and now increasingly in other parts of the world is take ozempic and I, I get the pushback to ozempic as that's not the answer. You know, eat better and exercise more. But this film like some other pieces and books and, and films has suggested it's worse than that. Like Ozempic actually is in the category of violating the do no harm rule. Like it actually may be more dangerous than it is beneficial. And I wanna ask you about that because the whole thing is reducing inflammation and this drug helps one eat less and therefore potentially reduce inflammation.


It was recently cited in a medical article saying it may reduce your risk for Alzheimer's because of its reduction in risk for inflammation for the people who take it. What I would say first and foremost is that when it comes to medical journal articles, You know, remember there's industry sponsored trials. So if it comes from the drug industry, just don't believe any of it. And that is my view, that's the view. Catherine Deis, one of the earliest editors of JAMA with Ozempic though the, one of the issues with Ozempic is it basically stops you, it controls it, You know, it reduces appetite massively. But the, the issue with Ozempic, which is a great concern, is that, You know, when you lose weight, you wanna lose body fat, you don't lose muscle and You know, you basically end up losing 50% muscle, 50, 50% body fat.


There are all these other side effects that again are under-reported in the trials that we're now seeing in the real world, including, You know, stomach paralysis, nausea, vomiting. I think it probably has a role, Megan, in a very, very small minority of people who have tried everything and are morbidly obese and are really struggling. But I think 99% of people who are taking ozempic shouldn't be on it. I think it's gonna do more, more harm than good. I think it has to be lifestyle change. Here's Dr. Robert Lustig in the piece talking about how it works. So 35, Yes, there is a 16% weight loss. What is that weight? Turns out it's equal amounts of fat and muscle using as much muscle as fat is not a good thing.


These two drugs, semaglutide and also the third one, tirzepatide lead to nausea, vomiting, pancreatitis. And now there's a warning label on ozempic for gastroparesis, which means stomach not moving, stomach paralyzed, stomach turns to stone. And guess what? It lasts way beyond the discontinuation of the drug. In fact, that's why the drugs work is because you can't eat because it delays gastric emptying, it delays your stomach from being able to move the food along.


You think that's a great way to lose weight. In fact, if you can't eat, that's starvation. Well the fat in the muscle shows that's how it works. Stomach to stone. I have not heard about that side effect from these drugs. What's that? Well, it's just basically just means that the, the, the stomach stops working. The peristalsis are usually what, You know, passes food through our body basically just becomes, You know, just stops essentially and then probably hardens up. Yeah. Why pretty Horrific and why aren't people dropping dead? I mean, that, that seems like it would kill you quickly. Yeah, I mean, yeah, I, I I think, well most people get admitted the hospital and probably get put in drips and everything else and You know, they wait till things start to improve.


So, You know, it won't, it won't necessarily kill you, but it's not, it's not very good. It's not ideal. It's not pleasant. Yeah. Okay. So back to the problem of the non-disclosure of information and of big Pharma controlling the messaging around their drugs. I did not realize that sort of the birth of these so-called scientific magazines involved big Pharma and that was kind of all part of the plant, the way I understand it from do no farm. Yeah. Your film is of all people. Ghislaine Maxwell's father was in on the ground floor of forging this unholy alliance and we have a little clip from the movie Do No Farm about this.


I'd love to watch it then have you explain what happened to here. Sat 31 Must be profitable commercial model underpinning the modern medical publishing industry was established by the controversial British business Titan, Robert Maxwell. Maxwell recognized and exploited the appeal of scientific notoriety amongst researchers and scientists to win their approval for hundreds of new journal titles and their participation as unpaid peer reviewers with research content willingly provided by drug companies. The Maxwell model marry a free of charge content and peer review process with a lucrative subscription model to generate unheard of profit margins for a publishing business.


Maxwell sold his empire for more than half a billion dollars in 1991, but his fingerprints remain on one of the world's most profitable publishing opportunities. The, the father of Jeffrey Epstein's, longtime partner Ghislaine Maxwell, it says the headline of the article underlying the quote was the, the Man who Bought and Sold Science. Go ahead. Yeah, it's extraordinary. I think You know what this highlights again, Megan, and You know, when we had a screening in London, the Less Square ODN, there were a lot of doctors that came and they were absolutely shocked with what they heard because if Fiona Godley the edit formatted to the BMJ has been a giant medical publishing, she basically says, You know, that medical journals are essentially businesses now as a doctor that You know, has been conventionally trained, You know, we were taught that if it's published in a medical journal, the Lancet or You know, JAMA, new Journal of Medicine, Megan, that it was like gospel truth, gospel scientific truth.


And, and nothing could be further from the truth. Partly because there's a lack of acknowledgement and realization that one medicine isn't an exact science and it's an applied science, which means it's constantly evolving, but it also means it can be manipulated. And the other side of it is of course the medical journals, and again, most doctors don't know this, are reliant on funding from big Pharma and often can get millions of dollars for publishing one article on a particular drug. And the way that works is the drug companies will, You know, You know, do a drug trial, publish it in a medical journal, and then it's not just about advertising. They pay the medical journal for reprints of the article that then gets used as marketing material where they can take it to doctors or give it to them at conferences.


And one of the most, I think, horrific examples of, of how this happens or how this works in terms of that whole system was what happened with Vioxx. You know, John Abramson talks about this in the film from Harvard and he, this was a, a blockbuster drug in the late nineties that was initially marketed under being better than ibuprofen as an anti-inflammatory drug because it gave less stomach side effects. The drug company was Merck, the original trials were published in New General Medicine, and ultimately it was found that Merck had withheld data showing even from the beginning that it increased the risk of cardiovascular events, heart attack, stroke, death by at least two to fourfold and ultimately probably killed at least 60,000 Americans.


Merck were fined almost a billion dollars in 2011. But when John Abramson was involved in the litigation process, what he found was that, You know, not only did Merck obviously know about this through internal emails that chief scientists basically saying it's unfortunate that these cardiovascular effects are there, but the drug will do well and we will do well. But when the FDA wrote to Merck to say, and they realized there was a problem with these heart attacks, for example, and said, you need to put a black box warning on the packaging of Viox, what did Merck do? They doubled down on their marketing and they gave, they gave, You know, they, they paid the new journal of New Journal of Medicine, You know, hundreds of thousands of dollars more to get more of those reprints so they could market it to doctors.


It's just absolutely shocking. Now it's horrifying. What What's a diagnosis here though? You see, I'm a root cause analysis person. I don't want to say this to be inflammatory, Meghan. It's actually accurate. You know, in the book, the corporation and the, and the documentary from well over 20 years ago, there's a new one called the New Corporation made by law professor Joel Bcan, the preeminent expert in forensic psychology behind psychopathy that Robert Hare actually diagnoses, diagnosis the corporation as an entity, not individuals, but the entity, the corporation as being psychopathic in its pursuit for profit. So callison concern for the safety of others, incapacity to experience guilt, repeat, applying, calling others for profit. And that hasn't changed and that hasn't been challenged or rebutted.


So this is the big problem we have is that we've created, we almost as a society in a way, we've allowed the creation of these big corporations to almost through legal means, be psychopathic in the way they make money and the rest of society suffers. So until we sort that out at the root, this problem is only gonna continue. And what they also do in the way that they Yeah, I was gonna say we, we know that big Pharma has infiltrated organizations like the FDA, which has a revolving door to big Pharma, and therefore the people who approve the drugs that we take and we give our children and get from our doctors are not, they're, they're compromised. They're, they're trying to please the Pfizers of the world.


And the, I'm trying to think of the, the company that produced Oxycontin with the Sackler family, I always forget Purdue Pharma. Purdue Pharma, yeah. Purdue Pharma. Thank you. Yeah, they're trying to please Purdue Pharma because that's how they get paid when they leave government service. But this is something in addition, it's also these, You know, respected medical journals that are the ones that put out. I mean I, I've received articles like that from my own doctor when I say, Hey, what about this? Hey, is this something I should worry about? And he'll send me an article from one of these places and you're giving us a whole new way of looking at these with a big asterisk on these articles.


You do feature, as I mentioned RFKJ in the film, again, it's at no farm spelled P-H-A-R-M film.com, no pharm film.com, where he is talking, I believe this is when he was running for president as opposed to now the tapped for HHS secretary on what he thinks should happen to these medical journals. Here it is, 32, They are presenting themselves to medical professionals as a, as an arbiter of truth and as a neutral refer referee and a reliable referee of the truth and those medical, and they know that those medical professionals are relying on journal articles to treat patients.


And that that if they tell a lie, if they're committing fraud, that they can injure and kill people. So, You know, I believe they can be prosecuted and not only can they be prosecuted for those injuries, but they can be prosecuted on the racketeering statutes or promoting fraud. So I will, I'm gonna do that as soon as I get in there. Just as a process question here, doc, I think one of the reasons I'm excited about RFKJ possibly coming in as our HHFS chief is, I think he's all over these issues. I think he's been living a life as a litigator in this sphere where he's been onto a lot of this stuff long before the rest of the medical and even legal community.


Do you think I'm right? Yeah, a hundred percent. Megan. I mean, I've known Robert Kennedy Jr for a few years. You know, we've, we've spoken at events together, we've spoken a lot with each other. I'm very, very impressed with him in terms of his deep knowledge of the issues, his integrity, his ability to communicate. He is very unique and he's absolutely the right person in my view, to be leading HHS to sort these problems out. So where, what should somebody trust if they're gonna Google a drug that their doctor has recommended to them? I mean, can we trust the NIH website? 'cause you get a lot of papers over there, but You know, Jay Bachar is not running NIH yet.


Like what? I know Dr. Google is very dangerous, You know, just, just typing in g what is this, what, what, what can they trust? Yes, it's a really good question, Megan. Hard one to answer. That's why we need to transform the system, but I think at least what they should do is keep an open mind. And I think what's been really powerful in the last few years has been the growth of the alternative media. So we can have these conversations. People are realizing that there's a discrepancy between, You know, what they're being told, like safe and effective. You know, on the, on the Covid vaccines, for example, CNN, the BBC Marty Ery said, You know, publicly that one of the biggest, You know, purveyors of misinformation during the pandemic was the US government.


But really they, in my view, they're just puppets of these big corporations. So I think, You know, people just have to just think outside of the box a little bit, look at alternative media and make up their own mind. But ideally in the long term, Megan, we need to restore trust in these institutions because society can't function cohesively unless you have a strong government that's ethical and medical institutions that are ethical and, and You know, there will be a little bit of disruption going on before we get to that stage, but, You know, we're in this mess with healthcare because we've allowed these corporate psychopathic entities to have so much power that they become tyrannical. And, You know, and that level of tyranny is so strong is that the way they exert their power is even, You know, people like RFK Jr or myself or others who have been speaking out, You know, they will dedicate resources and even use the media to smear us because that's how they, You know, keep their, keep spreading their misinformation to people.


So yeah, it's gonna take time. I mean, one of the, I tell you, if just, You know, if there's one website people can go to, which is an independently, You know, an independent of of commercial influence website done by very rigorous scientists who want to, You know, people to be fully informed about drugs, it's called the NN t.com. So the NNN tt yes, numbers needed to treat NN t.com. And actually there's a really good website and a lot of their whatever's published on the website actually is published in one of the American family physician journals. And what they do is they break down the data, for example, statins, they'll say, if you've had a heart attack, you'll benefit, say one in 40 over five years in preventing another heart attack, et cetera.


And they give a traffic like system about whether overall the drug is beneficial or overall the drug is harmful. It talks about things like heart stents, which again, are massively overused in the United States and other parts of the world. That's what I trained in doing. So that's quite a useful resource for people for sure. They're not sure about the drug they're taking and it, it goes through many, many medications as well. And looking at all the evidence combined, that's helpful. It's combined. We've got the one and we've got no farm film.com. We're not done discussing what's in this gem, which you really should watch. But we're gonna take a quick break and more with Dr. Aseem right after this.


Did You know that American homeowners nationwide have over $32 trillion in equity and cyber criminals are targeting it? They're not dumb with a growing scam. The FBI calls house, stealing your house alarm, your doorbell camera, your deadbolt, it won't work. None of that will work against these thieves because they're not after your stuff, they're after your equity. And if your title is not being monitored, scammers can transfer the title of your home into their name, then take out loans against it or even sell it behind your back. The best way to protect your equity is with triple lock protection from home title lock, home title lock triple lock protection is 24 7 monitoring. And God forbid if the worst happens, restoration services at no out-of-pocket cost to you. When was the last time you checked on your title? Likely never. And that's exactly what scammers are counting on. Make sure you're not already a victim. You can get a free title, history report and a 30 day free trial of triple lock protection today by going to home title lock.com and using promo code Megan. Or click on the link in the description, that's home title lock.com promo code megan home title lock.com.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura Beck, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free, Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer details apply.


So can we talk about the covid vaccine? Because I know that you believe your father may have died prematurely. Yeah. As a result of one of the boosters. You've been very outspoken about the vaccines. I know you got blow back when you suggested that these vaccines by Pfizer Moderna were a likely contributory factor in all unexpected cardiac arrests, heart attacks, strokes, cardiac arrhythmias, and heart failures since 2021, which a lot of us believe, but every time we try to say there's a lot of, seems to be a lot of increased in cardiac deaths, we're told were idiots and that it's just all the same numbers and it definitely had absolutely nothing to do with the vax.


Yeah, Megan? So, You know, I've thought about this in a lot of depth because You know, I'm somebody that's been a very outspoken advocate of evidence-based medicine. You know, I've published extensively, I've worked in advisory government roles over the years and everything I usually, You know, advocate for comes through medical journal articles that I've published that have been peer reviewed. Usually nothing to do with the drug industry in terms of those, those articles, they're usually analysis, independent analysis and just to give people, You know, people can get confused here. But essentially when you look at the evidence right now in terms of the covid vaccine, I'm specifically, I, You know, emphasize and look to mRNA vaccines of Pfizer Moderna and that people know that the serious harm is there.


The question is how frequent is it? And the data comes from, we call randomized control trial reanalysis of Pfizer MODERNA'S trials, pharmacovigilance data that what people are reporting on the yellow card system, autopsy data, we know now certainly more than 70% of people that died within a couple of weeks of having the vaccine almost certainly caused by the vaccine that's been proven. You've got observational data and of course my own clinical experience. So the serious adverse event rate on the best evidence we have, and this has not been rebutted to be honest in any, You know, serious platform. Meghan comes from reanalysis of Pfizer, Moderna's trials independent scientist, Joseph Freeman, who's a lead scientist who works very closely with Jay by Chaia.


By the way, you've got Peter Doshi associated to the BMJ and what they found was that the serious adverse event rate was at least one in 800 to two months. And that means disability, life-changing rate hospitalization. And from the original trials that got approved around the world, Megan, you are more likely to suffer serious harm than the vaccine than you were to be hospitalized with covid, which suggests from the beginning it was gonna do more harm than good. But actually where we are now, and this is I think the UK government's probably the only government in the world that's published this, been transparent and publishing this information and I think they're publishing it, although it's not been well publicized, but I'm gonna publicize it for you now because there are a lot of good scientists and good people out there whose conscience, You know, would not be clear unless they got that information out in some way, shape or form.


If you are in the highest risk group in 2024 of, of covid, which is basically people over 90 Megan, you have to vaccinate 7,000 people over 90 to prevent one of them being hospitalized with severe covid versus a serious heart adverse event rate, harm rate of at least 1-800-BECAUSE it's only at two months that they found that figure. And we know that there are long-term effects. So that suggested that right now it's at least eight times more harmful to have the covid vaccine and the highest risk group than to have benefit. I mean, this is absolutely extraordinary. So the question is, why is that not getting fully acknowledged? I honestly genuinely believe most people are well-intentioned. Of course we talk about all these commercial determinants of health that been going for a long time that captured institutions.


But the main barrier to the truth, Megan and I see very, a lot of very bright scientists out there, people who have a track record of doing things for the genuine good who are completely have a blind spot on this issue. It's psychological. And the two psychological barriers I've written about are ones of fear and willful blindness. So fear essentially, which happened, You know, from the early on in the pandemic we had this exaggerated risk of covid, but also there's probably fear of maybe stepping outside the echo chamber that they're in as well. Fear inhibits your ability to engage in critical thinking, but I think the more important psychological barrier that a lot of people can relate to something called willful blindness, and that's when human beings, and we can do, we're all vulnerable to this all the time in some ways, right?


It's when human beings turn a blind eye to the truth in order to feel safe, avoid conflict, reduce anxiety, or to protect prestige and fragile egos. Now in, in personal lives, this can happen, for example, when a spouse turns a blind eye to the affair of their partner. But institutional examples of willful blindness historically, Meghan, that you will, you will know about are situations like, for example, You know, Hollywood and Harvey Weinstein or the Catholic church in child molestation. These are examples of institutional willful blindness. I think we're seeing exactly the same thing here because it's faced between the choice of, of accepting an uncomfortable truth.


Most people will, You know, choose to bury their heads in the sand. But the reality is we have to face it head on because it's not going away. And it's not that everyone's been vaccinated now and it's done. Unfortunately, there is good evidence emerging suggesting that there, and I've seen this as well, but it can certainly accelerate heart disease, which means many people who had the vaccine even two or three years ago are suddenly gonna prematurely have heart attacks or sudden cardiac death. And we're still seeing that. We've got one of the world's top oncologists in, You know, in this area who's also been involved in vaccine development called Professor Doug Le in, in London. And we've got Robert Clancy, one of the world's eminent immunologist, 83 years old now, emer em Emirate's, professor of immunology, top immunologist of Australia, used to work by the way many years ago with, with Anthony Fauci.


They're both massively concerned with this covid Mr. A vaccine, increasing cancer through several mechanisms of immunosuppression. So it's unfortunately not something that that's going away. Well that's, We're, we're up against a time constraint here, but I bet that does lead me to ask, is there anything, those of us who have been vaccin vaccinated by the Pfizer or Moderna thing can do? Listen, I'm in the same boat again. I've had two doses, I've had some issues as well. The first and foremost, the best thing people could do here during this is absolutely optimize their metabolic health. So really optimize your lifestyle as much As you can because this is a chronic inflammatory problem with the vaccine. And if you can, you can probably mitigate it to a large degree through that process.


And really everything you can do to make sure your immune system's enhanced, whether that's taking high doses of vitamin C, You know, concentrating on your stress levels, eating real food, all these things are really important. But again, we need an acknowledgement by the establishment. And to be honest, I'm hopeful, Meghan, because I think the new administration that comes in are going to want to tackle this head on, so we're not that far off that. Okay. All right. Well, I mean, yeah, million millions of us are in it together. Good to know it. Again, do no farm film.com, no farm film.com. Very interesting stuff, Dr. Aseem, I understand I have it on good authority that you are under serious consideration to also join the Trump administration in some important role.


And I'm rooting for you. I hope it happens. Please come back if and when that happens, would you? I, I'd be delighted, Meghan. Hopefully next time actually in studio as well, so I can actually meet you properly. That would be delightful. Thank you to all to you for all of your good work. Really appreciate it. Wow. And thanks to all of you for joining us today. We're back tomorrow with a bonus episode, episode on the Bombshell News about the Duke Lacrosse case and favorite Christmas movies. There's a combo for you. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os. Oh or the no, no nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, be Hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.