
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megyn Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Well, it does appear That desperation is setting in over on Team Blue as Vice President Kamala Harris ramps up her rhetoric against former President Donald Trump through a new Lie about quote the Enemy within a phrase she keeps using against him. And, to be honest, misusing against him. We'll fact check it. Meantime, her media tour has her interviewed by Charlemagne Laga, who's been on this program too tonight.


Brett Bear. Tomorrow night, And, just Joe Rogan be in her future. Trump let it slip on a podcast this week. That. He's going on Rogan I. Haven't heard Rogan say it yet. In the last election, Rogan refused to have Trump on because he said he didn't wanna help him. You know he I. He seems to have moved more to the right since then. He was a Bernie Sanders voter back then. Rogan was so I believe it'll likely happen. He's obviously friends, well friendly with Elon. He's had Tucker on. So we'll see. But for Kamala. Harris to go on Joe Rogan. I mean. Can You imagine? Would she do? The three hour I I will be glued to my, to my phone.


I, hope it happens.


It's another intense election season. And. It's easy to feel pulled in different directions with all the political noise. But with DonorsTrust. You can stay in control of your charitable giving. You choose the organizations That, reflect your values. Whether it's conservative or libertarian or faith driven, And, DonorsTrust will make Sure your donations go exactly where You want. It's private, it's secure. And, no matter who wins your giving, stays true to your principles. Plus their service is top notch. They, make everything easy so You can focus on making an impact with DonorsTrust. It's your vision, your values, your impact. Learn more And. Consider opening a donor-advised fund today at DonorsTrust dot org slash MK. That's DonorsTrust dot org slash MK.


As we've been reporting, the polls are tightening. I mean it's dead. Even Now, the N BC poll, the A BC poll. A B, C had her up too. N BC had them perfectly tied. Both were a slip from a five point heritage advantage. So You can see for her team though Tide is better than losing. She's going in the wrong direction. And You can tell because Vice President Kamala Harris is starting to think of desperation as my friend Maureen used to say, she stinks of desperation, not about her But. It's just about randos. I mean. why would she be going on Fox News after being completely cloistered since she launched Now? She's going on Fox. She might go on Rogan.


She's desperate. She's seeing something very alarming on her internals. That, we're just starting to see in the public polling. So in the context of all of this, yesterday, her campaign rolled out a new-ish, kind of like revamped old attack. That's sort of Now a new attack against former President Donald Trump. And. It's right in line. What? What with what We were told will be part of her new strategy, which is trying to demonize Trump. Welcome to the new strategy. Same as the old one. Of course, it's been many years. We have heard how Mr. Trump is a dcra, a threat to democracy himself. He's going to end the constitution. They say, taking out some random quote from some random tweet or truth social post.


It's strange how I haven't heard him actually promising to do That or saying it over And over again on the campaign trail. But. Okay. That's, that's what They wanna go with though. We're supposed to ignore all the things Kamala Harris said in writing. And explicitly she wanted to do just in 2019. But. That's how politics works. They're going over And over again. How he'll use the Department of Justice to go after his political enemies? I mean a party. That did. That would be absolutely horrid. You would never want them to win. The White House would. You But. This new-ish line of attack is That. Trump sees anyone who does not support him. Anyone who does not support him as a quote, an Enemy from within against whom he might unleash the US military.


All right. That's where they've gone with some comments Trump has made on the campaign trail lately. That, do not say That. But when pulled out of context. And bastardized, Sure You. just make them say anything same as I. just make an I AI bot say anything. It began yesterday with a new ad released by the Harris campaign. Watch Donald Trump. more dangerous, more erratic than ever before. Yeah. Echoing fascists. The worst people are the enemies from within. the enemy. from within are more dangerous than Russia. We have some very bad people. It should be very easily handled by the military. Trump's basically gonna have the army show up at your front door. If, You. Don't vote for him.


Sounds ominous. But We just decided to take a little fact check of the examples in That ad in the first clip, You heard Mr. Trump say, the worst people are the enemies from within. The clip was taken from a rally he held in Coachella, California this past weekend. In the full clip Mr. Trump was talking about Congressman Adam Schiff. The worst people are the enemies from within the SLE bags. Like a guy That. You're gonna elect to the Senate Schiffy Adam Schiff. He's a slaves man. That's it. He doesn't like Adam Schiff. Who cares what the voters need to remember. It was Congressman Schiff who pushed the Russian Collus c collusion Lie for years, years against Trump.


He eventually got censured for being a liar. And said he was. He wore it like a badge of honor. He, he's open about it. He promoted it all over MS N, BC, datetime, prime time. He couldn't get enough of the cameras to say how bad Trump was. He read the steel dossier into the congressional record And when the investigation fell apart. He never owned it. He never apologized. He never showed any remorse because he feels none. He tried to ruin Trump's first term with a phony Lie about him being a Russian agent. Mr. Schiff has wanted to see Mr. Trump impeached thrown out of office.


He's been hoping And, praying to see Donald Trump led away in handcuffs. So maybe that's why Donald Trump sees him as the Enemy, because it's what Mr. Schiff loves to be when it comes to Donald Trump. So please spare me And Keefe That in mind when You see these dishonest adss next up in the ad. You hear Trump say the enemy from within are more dangerous than Russia. This was taken from a rally in Wisconsin on October 6th. He was actually talking about fascists. Marxists, And, communists, That, he believes are pulling the strings in Washington. The enemy from within the crazy lunatics. That, We have the fascists, the Marxists, the communists, the people That.


We have That are actually running the country. Not her. She's not running it. And. Biden's not running it either. And, You, all know That. Those people are more dangerous. the enemy from within than Russia. And China. This is a political argument. This is so like, this is generic political argument. These people are our enemies. Same as he says. The press is the Enemy of the people. They're working against the will of the people to undermine democracy. I mean this is like the Democrats say this stuff all the time. This is not about arresting private citizens in their home or unleashing the Navy Seals as You go for a swim in the Atlantic to come get You. 'cause You voted. You voted Trump.


The last example in her ad is won the campaign. Harris campaign And corporate media are really seizing on in the ad. Trump says, We have some very bad people, should be very easily handled by the military. Gonna have paratroopers landing in your backyard, wanting to see how You voted. It was taken from an interview he just did with Maria Bar Romo on Fox Business this past Sunday. But the question Trump was asked was whether he was expecting any chaos on election day And. The reason she asked him That is That. President Biden recently said he's concerned election day will not be peaceful And. He's clearly suggesting Trump supporters will be responsible for That And.


He That. Ms. Bar Romo in the question poses to Trump. What do You think is gonna happen? And in setting it up. She reminds him, That, since he's left office, many foreign nationals have illegally come over the border. So she kind of raises two issues in one saying, we've got illegals here who are murderers. You'll hear it And also, Joe Biden says, we're gonna have chaos on election day. So what do You think? And You will hear in Mr. Trump's answer. He is talking about possible election day chaos, which he raised. And Biden raised in reference to leftist radicals. And, the potential use of the National Guard of military If. Things spin out of control. Listen, What about That though?


Are You expecting chaos on election day? No I I. No things not from the side. That votes for Trump. But. I'm just wondering, If, these outside agitators will start off on election day. Let's say You win. I mean let's not, let's, let's remember you've got 50,000 Chinese nationals in this country in the last couple of years. Yeah, You have people on the terrorist watch list. 350 in the last couple of years. You got, like You said, 13,000 murderers And, 15,000 rapists, right? What are You expecting? Joe Biden said he doesn't think it's gonna be a peaceful election day. Well, He doesn't have any idea what's happening in, he spends most of his day sleeping I think the bigger problem is the enemy from within.


Not even the people That have come in And destroying our country, by the way, totally destroying our country. The towns, the villages, they're being inundated. But, I. Don't think the other problem in terms of election day I think the bigger problem are the people from within We have some very bad people. We have some sick people. Radical left lunatics, And. it think they're the And. And. It should be very easily handled by If, necessary by national gut or If, really necessary by the military That, because They can't let That happen. It, it makes perfect sense what he's saying. Who organized all these protests on college campuses? People like George Soros who funded the tents. And wanted chaos on the campuses because he wants a very different agenda than a capitalist free society like We actually have here in America.


What do You think He, she's talking about there. What do You think Donald Trump is thinking about? He's thinking about the chaos. That Joe Biden says is gonna happen on election day. Maria's saying, yeah, there just be, what would You do? And. He's saying I would not let That shit spin outta control like we've seen in other situations, right? He's saying If, I need the National Guard to maintain order around an election. Then I will use it. He's not saying he is gonna go arrest people who vote for Trump in their home. It's just ridiculous. Anyway, You know what They do. Here was Vice President Harris. And, Governor, Tim, Walls last night thinking They got a live one. Watch Americans who don't support him. Just to be clear, If, any of your neighbors or friends or anybody thinks about That You know who he's talking about.


He's talking about You. He's talking about the Enemy within our country, Pennsylvania. He's talking about That. He considers anyone who doesn't support him or who will not bend to his will. And Enemy of our country. This is among down the reasons I believe so strongly. That a second Trump term would be a huge risk for America. And, dangerous. Just You. Please stop. just You. Just please stop. All right. 'cause the man's already had two assassination attempts.


And That kind of rhetoric is not helpful. You know you're lying. And, the media complied. They lied to. It's such bullshit. Anyone who does not support him is gonna get arrested. Or get a visited. Get a visit from the military. Sure Sure. Joining me Now to discuss this And much more. Josh Hammer, senior editor at large for Newsweek, And, host of the Josh Hammer show. And America on Trial with Josh Hammer And, also with me. Delano Squires. He's a research fellow at The. Heritage Foundation And, a contributor at the Blaze. Guys, welcome. So irritating. So dishonest. Two beats of a pause, And, boom. Right back to the incendiary rhetoric about what a threat to our country, the future of our country.


And people's individual liberties. He is Josh. Yeah, Megan, where to begin here? So first of all, from one lawyer to another, the last I checked, the present of the United States takes an oath to defend the constitution from all enemies. Foreign And, domestic. So If, it is, it, it is not appropriate to talk about domestic enemies. That would've been news to James Madison, Alexander Hamilton, And, all the founding fathers. They literally put That as a requirement every time the commander in chief takes the oath of office. Second of all, what what he is clearly talking about as You just alluded to, is actual domestic anarchy. The likes of which We saw during the Black Lives Matter. Antifa riots in the summer of 2020, That was when Tom Co, God bless him, wrote the Now infamous New York Times op-Ed calling to send in the troops.


Tom Co was right to call for That And. By the way, in, in hindsight, You know Donald Trump didn't actually really follow That advice. Did he? Did he didn't actually call in National Guard. He, yeah, And. He, he was president. He didn't actually follow That advice. So they're, they're crying wolf. Where We had a clear example of him actually having the ability to do this, to follow a leading senator. Tom cot it And. He actually chose not to do it. S second of all, though, I think the more important point here, We are dealing with a, a Democrat law. Fair complex, right? Now, Megan, as You And it have discussed on your show before. That is prosecuting him twice at the federal level. And two at the state level. They are coming at him with everything. They've got to throw him in jail to bankrupt him to destroy his lives.


There have been two, possibly three assassination attempts. Now, If, You include the Riverside County stuff at Coachella this past Sunday. They have come within literal millimeters of taking out his life on national television before a global audience calling him a threat to democracy. A fascist Hitler, right? Dictator. Throw in all these adjectives, And adverbs, That, You. Want to there? At some point, You would think You would have a modicum of self-awareness. Such That You lose the moral high ground to condemn your opponent for talking about the concept of domestic enemies, which Oh by the way, as I just said a minute ago, the founding fathers actually explicitly put into the oath of office. So, th this is absurd. I believe. This is what psychologists call projection as well, frankly, And, it don't think any, none of us should have any of it.


It is total, total bullshit. As You said. Alano, what do You make of it? Yeah, I mean. I mean Josh. The words right outta my mouth, particularly on the projection point, right? When They talk about a second Trump term would be weaponizing the Department of Justice against your political enemies. I. In my mind, I'm like, Okay this. That's what we're living through, right? Now, And, this is just a reminder. That That the left, often And accuses the right of exactly what it is doing at any given time. So I'm, I'm not surprised by this. To me, this is to, to your point, Megan. This is what a campaign that's in desperation mode looks And, sounds like But You know the left is, is fine with fiery political rhetoric, as long as They are the ones doing the speaking.


And conservatives are the ones who at, who are at, at the, on the other end of, of That type of language. That, listen to this ano, because They really I mean. We've seen the polls tighten You know, we've seen it from Kamala. Harris had the bounce or the bump, whatever, since the she was anointed And. She was kind of up here. There's a little difference between them. And, Now, we've seen it go steadily down like this to where They are, they're tied And. Most people believe That. The tie goes to Trump, whether They fix the polls or not. Trump does a very good job, historically of getting the low propensity voters to come out for him. And, they're very worried. That's going to happen again. And, That, those college educated white liberals are not gonna be able to get her over the top.


So as a result, just take a look at what has happened. Now. This is a montage of some Democrats. And, never Trumpers. I mean truly going into meltdown mode with three weeks to go, literally to the day as of today, Donald Trump, anybody who doesn't agree with him, is The Enemy. This is not Dukakis versus Bush That. This is not Republican versus Democrat. This is not left versus right. We are talking about the possibility of the return to power of, of a, of a convicted felon, rapey sedition who Oh threatens to undo the constitutional order. There is a coming massive crisis that's going to occur on November 5th with the election in which even If Kamala Harris wins the election.


And wins those battleground states. They are G. The Trump team is going to declare victory with JD Vance at his side. Focus on what at stake here. That. Literally, this election is about the Constitution. And. We're not gonna have one If, We lose it. He Time And again, tried to push the limits, limits in a truly fascist manner. He is lying. He's lying up migrants. He's lying about crime. And, his rhetoric is only getting darker and more dangerous. His rhetoric is getting darker and more dangerous. Yeah, it's, it, it's unbelievable. That, They, these people have such little self-awareness. That They will go on tv. And say these types of things. I mean I know.


One MS N, BC analyst, Ellie Misel has argued That We should tear up the constitution altogether. So, so when I see That, he's network. He's a crazy lunatic. Yes, very, very much so. I'm not even a lawyer. And it, And it can tell That from the things That. He says, But, I, But I mean. These are people who, who feign concern for the constitution one day. And then say, America, which is corrupt at its core, needs to be remade in, in and more progressive image the next day. So it it, it really is strange to hear them speak this way, because again, as I said, some of these folks are the types of people who think That. The American flag itself is a symbol of hate.


And, And, They, They They code the American flag as something conservative. So But, all of a sudden They They seem to You know muster patriotism when it comes to, to defeating the former of president. So I, I, I. Just assume That, we're going to get more and more of this up until We get to November 5th, And. We'll see whether They, they'll, it'll subside depending on which way the election goes. Right? You'll see. So Glenn Kin of Virginia went on c N N yesterday. And. Jake Tapper was raising some of these same Trump quotes, trying to get kin to disavow or comment on et cetera. Look what happened. But I also And, Literally reading his quotes.


I'm literally reading his quotes to You And, it played them earlier. So You just hear That They were not made up by me. He's literally talking about quote, radical left lunatics. And. Then one of those lunatics he addressed, he he mentioned was Congressman Adam, ship But. I'm talking about Donald Trump saying That, he wants to use the National Guard in the military to go after the left. That's what he's saying. I, I. Don't bel I. I don't believe. That's what he's saying. But, listen, You And it are gonna argue about That, I, But, I would, I would suggest If You would also I played the quote. And it, read it to You. If. You would also balance That. I mean You. Just wish That. He weren't saying That. But. That's what he's saying. J Jake I I all the time. People, people are taking little snippets of contact. And turning it into a big, a big narrative. I think exactly what he's concerned about, 'cause I've heard him express it before, are the number of national security risks.


Violent criminals, And folks who are coming into this country where We don't know where They are. That are committing crimes. And put people's safety at risk. Hmm, interesting. So Youngen is seizing on the other half of Maria's question there, Josh But You know Jake does a slight of hand there in the way. He's right. It's like you've forgotten That. This was all raised in the context of Biden's predicting chaos on election day. Maria adds in the fact That, we've got these illegals who have done God knows what in this country. And, what do You think is gonna happen? How would You control it to Trump? And Trump says, I think we're more a threat from the enemies within who are planning on unleashing chaos. And it I need to maintain order.


Then I will use the National Guard or what I need to use. It's not literally You saw how Kamala Harris spun it. I'll say this, youngin I like him I would vote for him in a New York minute. But, he's no JD Vance. JJ JD Vance has been absolutely killing it of, of late, no doubt about That whatsoever. On, on, on the campaign trail. And, his interviews, obviously they know he clobbered Tim Walls in That VP debate. But You know ju just one comment there on Glenn Jenkin. So, so he, he's totally right to reframe this in the national security counter jihadist counter terrorist context You know I I. I'm not Sure That. I'm ready to move on. Megan I mean I mean We just had the one year commemoration of October 7th last week. I'm not Sure That. I'm ready to move on from what We have seen.


For instance, on our campuses marching down Broadway in New York City, Michigan Avenue in Chicago, over the past year, We have seen the unfurling of of us recognized foreign terrorist organization flags the Hezbollah flag on Princeton University's campus. Glory to our martyrs projected on the side of a building in George Washington University. I mean are, are there not enemies? Are there not enemies within right here on the US soil? That have gotten here in part due to the horrific open border policies of this administration. There were eight Taki nationals arrested a few months ago with clear ISIS connections. They recently arrested a Pakistani national who was threatening to blow up a Habad side in New York City. Yes to, yeah, There were, there were eight That Taki nationals.


Taji I don't even know what That is. What's a tiki Tats someone from Tajikistan? Never. Never. It's Ly. Well, well the fair enough, But. The point is there are a lot of people here from all of these various countries, many of which end in Stan, Pakistan, Afghanistan to Stan, whatever hot dog Is Stan That, That That That are here with, with clear And unambiguous foreign terror connections. And it. That is not a domestic Enemy with That If, the people in Dearborn, Michigan who are clamoring on the streets waving the Hezbollah flag. And calling Hassan NRA a martyr, which They were literally doing in a clip I saw two days ago in Dearborn, Michigan. There was a leading Imam I. Think the mayor actually might've been there. They were all praising the great martyr.


And a Hassan nra. How else to describe this other than an Enemy within ha If, it gets out of hand. How is the National Guard not appropriate to qu these enemies within If If? It actually comes to That. So I, I'm just not buying this full moral high, high ground by people like Jake Tapper, who really ought to know better. Yeah. So in the meantime, di ho, we've got panic on the dem front. When it comes to men writ large And, young black And Hispanic men in particular, black And Hispanic men, But in particular, young black And Hispanic men, because the numbers are not good for her with them. They're historic at historic lows, right? Now And. So she's rolled out a plan that's going to, she thinks appeal to young black voters, And young Hispanic voters.


Like she wants to legalize weed. Which saga And Jetty was online today saying, just walk me through again how that's not racist. How like, I know I'm gonna get the young black guys, I'm gonna start legalizing drugs, And, then I'll get them all. I mean If. Trump did. That can You imagine And something about Bitcoin And. She's gonna make it easier for them to get loans, And, so on. There are real questions about any, whether any of this is constitutional, her specific plans to get loans for black people. That wouldn't presumably be given to white people. But, what do You make of her? Her reach out Now, because she's You know trying to buy votes. I, I, I. Think it's another sign of desperation.


You know I. I've been off of Twitter X for You know the last week I told myself I was gonna take the month of October off so I can concentrate on things I need to do. But But I I snuck back on yesterday, And it did a quick search of the words black men on her Twitter timeline or X timeline. And, it went from yesterday, a post yesterday, two posts yesterday back to 2020. So it's clear That, the only times That she's interested in messaging to black men are when it's time for an election. And. This is not, this is not even specific to Kamala Harris. The the, the Democratic Party is a party of matri, matriarchy, And, post-second wave feminism. They They are not a party.


That knows how to speak to men, largely because it is a party. That resents men And. There are no men, obviously, They They have issues with, with You know straight white men unless they're trying to elect them. President like Joe Biden, But They have a particular antipathy towards black men who don't carry the flag in the same way That, black women do And And. So what You see Kamala Harris trying to do is address the problem. That's clear That, she has with with black men. And going, doing black media. And You know she had President Barack Obama out in Pittsburgh last week. Hectoring And lecturing black men at her campaign, at her campaign site.


So this is a problem. That, the party has, this is a structural problem. This is not a problem about one specific candidate. A a party That upholds the matriarchy. And thinks That masculinity is toxic. It's going to have a problem speaking to men. And. What I see, particularly from her And, her surrogates is That. They are deaf to the needs of black men. And, this is why They speak in sign language. Shame insults, guilt, And nagging And. That is their primary method of communication when it comes to this specific demographic group. You know I, I have to say I really don't wanna hear it. I don't wanna hear their lectures on how they're not toxically masculine Over on the dem side, when they've got a vice presidential candidate who wants to let boys into every single girl's sport, locker room, And, private space, And, they've got a husband to the next possible female president, first possible female president who has allegedly hit a woman across the face so hard, That, she spun around, not to mention, knocked up the nanny while he was married to wife number one, I.


I've had it I. Don't I don't want to be lectured by these people or the media. That refuses to ask Doug Emh h when he's right in front of them about these allegations. This is not like some random Oh. Somebody sent out a mean tweet about Doug Emh. That We have no idea whether there's, this is a in-depth report of the Daily Mail with three independent witnesses, one of whom of professional male who said he was on the phone with her right after she got smacked. She's a professional, successful lawyer. And, these are ear witnesses. Right after the fact. Two out of the three, one came a year later, And to not even ask him. There was yet another loser who had Doug Emh right across from her first We had Tim Miller of the dispatch.


Then We had Scarborough And. Now We have Molly Jung fast screw her. She purports to be for women. She And her party. She's got him right across from her. She doesn't ask him. They don't care about women. What They care about is abortion. And scaring You into voting for them with abortion. Okay. Sorry, that's my aside. Mm, But. Tim Walls too is out there. Josh trying to tell people That he this problem with men, black men, all men. It just doesn't exist. Like, don't believe your lying eyes. He's not believing his. Take a listen to his messaging on it. And. So, 28 And.


I'm talking here on this one, especially to the guys You Keefe hearing about this gap on there. I refuse to admit That. That's real because I know That We care deeply. I know these issues matter to You I know They matter to all of us. We need to get especially young men out there to vote. This is not damn WW E type stuff. It's not about, it's not about, well, it's cool when he talks like this or whatever. It's not cool. It hurts people. And, it leads to violence. And, it undermines our system. That is not cool. And again, they're all tough. Talk on this I guarantee. You I can shoot better pheasants than them. I guarantee. You I guarantee That. Really? Really, Josh? Yeah, I'm not Sure If. Tim Wallace can, can hunt a better pheasant.


The video, at least That I saw showed That he couldn't even properly load a, a 12 gauge shotgun cartridge in. So I'm not entirely Sure That. He knows what he's talking when it comes didn't. Right? So I'm not totally Sure That. He knows what he's talking about when, when it comes to pheasant hunting me, Megan, just real quick before Tim Walls, on your excellent point about how They do not care about women. I have a very simple point as well to make here. What what about Bill Clinton? Bill Clinton is still tossed out as a national figure. He spoke of the D N. C I I mean are, are We just forgetting about what happened 30 years ago when it comes to Paula Jones, Juanita Broderick And, obviously Monica Lewinsky, And, all That I. Guess so I mean back then. Hillary Clinton dismissed all of those women in, in fairly graphic terms. I don't remember the exact verbiage she used. Whether she said That They were low grade.


Whos or sluts or tramps or something? I I. Don't wanna get the exact quote. But But one I. Think it was Carville said bimbo er eruption. Which I Think she signed. Exactly. That's exactly what it was. That's exactly what from Jimmy Carville. So, yeah. So look, I, I, I I. Don't wanna hear from these people. They are, They are total hypocrites And. It is all about the abortion issue. As You just said. Look, when it comes to Tim Walls, And, And, And And the mail gap. You know the media, first of all never actually talks about this. They always talk about how Republicans are doing so poorly with women. And, And, Yes Donald Trump, right? Now is down somewhere between 10 And 15 points when it comes to women. But But. They never actually talk about the fact That. The Democratic party has a just as big If not greater problem when it comes to men. And. It comes back to exactly what Delano was saying just a few minutes ago, which is That.


Men these days are told not to actually be men. When I go to camp, to campuses, And it. Speak to young college kids, law school students. I, hear this over And, over And over again. And, Y, You. Know. Look, I, I, I. I'm not. I'm not a father yet. God willing, And will be very soon. And it. I, I, I, I, I, I. I'm kind of in an odd place to give advice because I haven't actually raised a child myself. But, I, I, I. Think I have a decent idea what it means to be a protector of the home. And to defend manly traditional values. There, And. There are these people just have no places to look. And, They have so few places to look these days, Megan, when it comes to what it actually takes to be a man That, they're settling for, for You know, clean your room. Basically clean your bed. Make your bed the Jordan Peterson advice, because There is such a a dirt.


There is such a scarcity, a paucity of people who are actually trying to instill into the next generation what it actually takes to be a man. It's certainly not clean from the democratic side of the aisle. That is for Sure. Yeah, And. Then You like Jordan Peterson, And for the very reasons you're stating And You wind up getting called an incel by these Hollywood liberals who have no idea what the attraction is or why these young men feel lost to begin with. I'll tell You this. I have three kids. I have a husband. And. My husband's very supportive. You know he's, he should be the Doug They love because he actually is a very supportive husband of a working woman. And an amazing dad with his own career. You, just You can do it all. You don't have to be like Doug m Hoff. And. Give up your job to support your wife.


But. I'll tell You what, there's nothing quite like somebody does something to me. It can be some jerk on the street. It can be some whatevers. It's usually If. Like a man gets crossways of me in a way. That, Doug doesn't like You, can see his shoulders go back. He zeroes in. He wants to know exactly who it was when it was And, where the person is And. I'm not saying he is gonna go throw a punch. But, he will confront. He is not afraid to go confront somebody on my behalf, which is You know a little like Okay. I've got it. But also like Oh. You're hot You know I mean there. That's something We still want in our men. Delano We do not want the dead. Doug Emh Hofs of the world who project super sweet And supportive But.


Behind the scenes are gonna introduce You to Mr. Backhand If You, put your hand on the shoulder of the valet. Yeah. I I ab. Absolutely And it. Think again. This party is one You. Know the trans issue is one that's obviously become big over the last 10 years. But just at and more fundamental level, the party does not know how to handle the biological differences between men. And women, right? Because And, And, biological, cultural, social. I'm thinking back to, to the vice president, vice presidential debate a few weeks ago where the notion That JD Vance would push back on the moderators was spun as misogyny. So on one hand, Democrats will say, We need women. And represent female representation in all areas of society.


And. We wanna be treated exactly like the men until They are treated exactly like the men And. Then it's like Yes. No We need pro protectionism from You know the the way That men typically speak to one another. So th this, this is, this is part of the issue. And, as I said, th this even goes down to policy because these are people who will, will look at certain industries. They'll say, Oh, the construction management industry is 95% men. So We think We should have more women in there. So If, If, You are a, a woman whose husband provides for your family because he works in construction. Now, you're having to ask yourself, Okay, do I, do I. Take one for the sisterhood, right? Would I prefer my husband to be fired? So That You know someone who hasn't worked 20 plus years in this industry, is is installed or do I vote for my household interests?


And. This is why it think the issue of family is at the core of our politics. Because when husband, And wife, regardless of race, are together as one in terms of a household, then They are going to advocate for the things. That benefit them as a family. When men And women are separated, then each advances their own interest as a mercenary And, it doesn't really matter. You know what's best for the family. And. it think Democrats understand That, And, They exploit That division even within the household. Hmm. Alright, so I wanna talk about some of the problems with the black voters And, the young voters, how CNN's Harry Entin has been laying this out with his charts, which are helpful. And, here's, we'll start with, so 23 Margin among black men under the age of 45.


And presidential elections. You go back to November of 2012. What do You see? You see Obama by 81 Clinton only won 'em by 63. Then we're all the way down to Biden last time around by 53. A tremendous drop already. And then You. Take a look at the average of the most recent polls. And Kamala Harris is up by only 41 points. That is about half the margin. That Obama won them by back in November of 2012. This is part of a longstanding trend of young black men moving away from the Democratic party. Once again, If younger black men. It looks like the worst Democratic performance since 1900, And 60 since JFK versus Richard Nixon. It's the same thing among black men overall.


It's really amazing how much she's hemorrhaging with this particular group. And young voters too. Back to Harry Slot 24. Joe Biden won voters under the age of 35 by 21 points. What do We see with Kamala Harris? Well, she's still ahead. But. The margin here is significantly less than what We saw with Joe Biden back in 2020. But. Let's also talk about motivation, right? Because it's not just who You would support. It's whether or not you'd come out to the polls. And, this I think is rather interesting. Do Democrats say they're more motivated to turn out after Biden left the race? Well, We do see a significant portion of Democrats who say Yes 39%. The thing I was interested in, was it disproportionately younger voters who said That They were more likely to turn out or more motivated to turn out And?


What We see here is it's 42%. Not a big difference between 42 And, 39%. So this idea, again, That, the vice president, has unique potential to dig in And, get young voters to turn out John. It's just not there in the numbers. Despite all the internet memes, That are going around. So I wanna look at party identification. Again, voters under the age of 35 go back to 2020. 56% of young voters said That. In fact, They were Democrats They identified as Democrat or lean Democratic You. Look down at 2024. It's 49%. Look at the Republican jump from 39 to 49%. And That explains why she's desperate to go on Joe Rogan And, she did the sex podcast, et cetera.


She's not gonna get any men of the sex podcast But. She wants young people. Go ahead Josh. Meghan I. Think what you're seeing in real time is the collapse of the modern post 2008 post Barack Obama Democratic Party coalition in, in fact, Harry, who I've known since I was 19 years old. They actually had him on my show. Oh really just last week. Yeah, I, I I. Go way back with Harry I. And it I actually asked him about this exact question about this collapse of the up the Obama Coalition. And Harry basically agreed with my take, which is That. You're seeing in real time. This You know Obama was a very unique political phenomenon. Where, where, where he brought together a lot of Hispanics, And, young voters, And black voters, And, And, white PhD liberals on the upper west side of Manhattan, And San Francisco, all of That there. And over, over the past five to eight years, really starting back as far at least as 2016 And 2018 But.


It really accelerating over the past few years, You, you're starting to see this whole coalition collapse. This whole woke, this coalition of aggrieved interest, as I'd like to call it there. And And, young black men, Hispanic voters, And young voters are really the three key demographics. That That are the tip of That spear because You know, You know these three demographics, And. We're really generalizing here. When We talk about these broad demographic groups, let alone trying to aggregate them. But overall, If You can try to paint a picture as to what young voters, Hispanic voters, And young black men. What above all do They want? They want economic stability. And basic stability when it comes to the bread. And butter issues, economy, inflation, immigration, crime, just basic quality of life issues. And, the media's hysterical rhetoric. Not withstanding people have an old enough memory to go back to the four years That.


Donald Trump was president. Donald Trump is not a blank slate anymore. This is not 2016. It was not a total guessing game as to whether he would nominate his pro-abortion sister to the US Supreme Court. As many people thought back then, because he floated as a possibility. We have a track record. And That track record was a a phenomenal track record when it came to the economy up until Covid, which any president obviously would've had a tough time handling. It was the lowest black unemployment rate going back to the 1960s. Since Galvan Pugh started, started having data on this, We We had transformative peace in the middle East. The border was relatively secure. I, just go on there. But There was a clear track record. And young people, Hispanics, black men, I think at this point. Remember That track record And That is what is getting these numbers. That you're seeing Plus the whole thing.


We, were just discussing of like just how effeminate the Democrat party has become I. Just don't I think this is why all men not, not black, not Hispanic, not white But, just most of all, men are finding this a turnoff like I don't wanna identify with That brand. It's the same way how none of us wants to order a Bud Light anymore. The brand has been damaged by far too many stupid moves. And like the Republicans seem like manly men. And the Democrats seem E feat. Whether that's a branding issue or a policy issue. I don't know But, I see it. I can see with my eyes what's happening. However, she really wants to drive those numbers up with young black Manano And.


The opportunity agenda. One of her favorite words includes the following And it have my notes in front of me. One, provide $1 million in loans. That would forgive up to $20,000. Like a a million dollar pool. That would forgive up to $20,000 for black entrepreneurs, And, people of other races to start a business. Two, expand access to affordable banking options. That will allow black men And others to tap into more capital. Three new investments to help more black men become teachers. Four, health initiative focused on the diseases That disproportionately affect black people like sickle cell diabetes, And, prostate cancer by expanding preventative screening programs. Programs And five legalized marijuana nationally. And to ensure That black men who are once disproportionately jailed for using And distributing marijuana can benefit from its business potential.


So three weeks out, is this what she should be talking about? And. Will it move the needle? I I doubt it'll move the needle. I'm not surprised by That agenda. I think part of what, what candidates do? And it. See, I saw Stacey Abrams do this in the Georgia GU tour election a few years ago. She took her policy platform. That was on the main part of our website. And just moved it over to outreach to black men That part of the website And then just put black men over it, right? So because I I don't think, obviously legally speaking, That That, the government can only direct loans to one particular ethnic group.


So some of this probably won't pass Constitutional muster. But But I get why she's trying to package it this way. The the marijuana legalization piece always puzzles me I. I've seen something You know similar. The governor of Maryland has put been pushing on this hard And And it I. Guess the, the, the idea is well We want black people, And black men in particular to be able to participate in the growing You know marijuana industry. One I. Don't think more drugs are good for any community. But two I. Ask myself, If If You promote this as a social good. How are the men who either are engaged in the marijuana business or, or partake, are They going to be able to drive a school bus?


Operate You know a crane, right? Are are They going to be able to be part of your security detail? Because If not. why are You promoting things That would make it make it much more difficult for some of these men to actually get jobs where They can You know, have a wife, And kids. And, And, And You know, build a family. And support a community. So I, I'm not particularly surprised by this. Democrats are desperate. They don't know how to, to talk to men in general. And it as I said, They have particular problems with, with talking to black men. And, And. I'll say this, Megan, in terms of That, the black male support I. Think there's a big difference between sort of the private And quiet support where guys may say in their group chat. Yeah, I'm, I'm voting for Trump And loud And public support And.


One of the issues That doesn't come up often is That is the fact That being branded as a black Republican or black conservative, or even worse to from the less perspective, a black Trump supporter comes with a significant social cost. And penalty. If You are black And. Very few people want to pay That cost. Now If things go in a particular way. In this election, I I believe President Trump will get at least 25% of the black male vote. Www If That puts, puts him over the top black, particularly black, black male vote specifically If That puts him over the top in key swing states, right? If, If If, he wins Michigan.


And Georgia. And Pennsylvania. Because of That, the the Fury That will be unleashed on black men. Right? We can all remember back 20 17, 50 3% of white women voted for Donald Trump. Like That That genre of op-Ed is going to be at 10 x level against black men. If. They're the ones who put him over the top. And some of these key swing states. So I I hope the guys who are considering either not voting for Kamala Harris or voting for Donald Trump are ready for the pushback. That will come because it will get ugly. I, my money's on them. You know If. Those white women can handle it. The black men can handle it. Be strong I mean wear it with a badge of honor.


And, by the way, Josh, for her to be touting Oh, I'm gonna legalize pot You know to help the black man. I'm gonna give him a bunch of loans. And, then I'm I want him applying for them while he is high. This is the person who as Tulsi Gabbard pointed out in That infamous 2019 primary debate, put 1900 people in jail or prosecuted 1900 people for pot use. Like, that's Now. She's like, yeah, let's to up You know. Does anybody have a roach clip? But ba I mean, just a couple years ago, once again, she's like putting people in jail for doing this But. She's counting on nobody to remember That. Yeah, there are so many things. That, the modern democratic party. Does Meghan That That, I wonder, how, how is That not in fact, racist I mean when You are pandering to, to black voters by saying, That, I'm gonna legalize marijuana so You can get high 24 7.


How is not, how is That not ipso facto racist? When You are, when You are decrying voter ID laws as racist to put in a requirement simply to bring an ID to the voting booth, Josh, to prove That You. Josh's saying to women, I'm gonna, I'm gonna run in a special program that's gonna make Valium a lot less expensive for You, Xanax, And, Valium are gonna be offered to all of You moms at a much lower, like, what the hell? We'd be rebelling. Like, whatcha implying? Go ahead, finish your point To totally And You know, just one other example. That comes immediately to mind. So Kristen Clark, who is the very far left woke assistant attorney general for civil rights, right? Now, she's been an absolute menace over the past few years. Her division of the DOJ has recently filed two. So-called disparate impact lawsuits.


One against the Maryland State Police And, the second against the South Bend, Indiana Local police alleging disparate impact against blacks, And women voters. The, it's it's allegedly disparate impact against, against, sorry, against women who, who want to become police officers in those two jurisdictions. It's allegedly disparate impact against them because of the physical test requirements. So I'm thinking here about You know, physically having to train. So to prove That You can take down a bad guy. But, perhaps even worse than That, perhaps even worse. Kristen Clark is claiming That. There's a disparate impact against blacks who apply to be police officers in these two jurisdictions. Because there is a written test per proficiency. They're literally saying That is racist to have a 25, 50, a hundred question, whatever, multiple choice test about how to actually be a cop.


Well, by saying That, That is racist, You are actually revealing yourself as the racist. I I mean You know. George W. Bush famously called this a soft bigotry of low expectations. Clarence Thomas has used much more colorful verbiage in his various affirmative action opinions over the years. Here it is so infantalizing, And, belittling And, frankly disgusting And. The fact That, some of these people like Kristen Clark happen to be black or self does not make it any better. I would say No, it, it absolutely doesn't But it is I mean to me? It's kind of interesting just to watch her struggling, right? Like she's, she recognizes she's, she can't get this group of voters to come over her way. And. The prescriptions are being thrown at her from all sorts of people. I'm Sure And it. Just think it's too late. I. Really think You know the, the folks who are on two way, like Mark Halperin And, Sean Spicer, our friend Dan They.


Were making this point the other day. That a this is very late in the game to be unleashing new messaging You know to target one specific group And. The more You zero in on one group like I am going to, to help I I have all these special ties for black men. The more You turn off other groups who are like, wait a minute, only the black men get the help starting the businesses. Only the black men get the Bitcoin help. Whatever That one was like, only the black men get certain of their health ailments studied. You know what about like autism for which affects everybody? You know what? It's just it has a polarizing effect. And. So it's, it's a risk But all she can afford to do, right? Now is risky. Moves like going on Fox Delano because she's definitely hemorrhaging.


There is nothing. That explains her campaign decisions other than That. Yeah, And And Meghan. The point You just made I think goes directly back to Josh's point about the collapse of the, the left's Identitarian sort of coalition. And And. it mean I have I have four young kids. You know between the ages of eight And four And. One of the things That I know for a fact is That If I offer something to one of the chil If I only give dessert to one of the children. The other three are going to get very upset about That And And. What the left has not learned is That. It You Know when You treat all of your voters poorly, they'll hate You But. When You treat some better than others, They will hate each other.


And. it think that's one of the reasons That That this That their coalition. Co coalition is in the midst of collapsing, right Now. Hmm. It's very interesting. Okay You guys, We have a lot to get to, including another CBS switcheroo on a soundbite That They didn't like because it criticized the Democrats side. We've gotta get to Kamala Harris's word salad And. Then there's the matter of Bill Clinton And. Whether he's intentionally tanking this race, it is an interesting theory.


This show encourages honest conversations, which is not always easy in today's media environment with big tech companies deciding who And what gets amplified or censored But, there's a news platform. That prioritizes free speech, And transparency without controlling the narrative And. It's called Ground News. It's new Ground News is an app And website, That aggregates related articles from around the world highlighting each source's political bias. And corporate influence. Ground News reveals for every single story how media narratives are shaping the conversation. And, who is covering the topic, it makes it easier to navigate the news. And may even be helpful to You. For the next time your liberal friends send You a headline from their favorite bias news source. They're Now offering our viewers 40% off their vantage plan, which gives You unlimited access to their website And to their app Ground. News is independent, And supported by subscribers, not corporate interests. Check them out at Ground News dot com slash megan. That's ground G, ROU N d news.com/m E Y N Ground News dot com slash Megan


On the subject of the outreach to black voters And trying to rally black voters to vote Kamala. She went on with Roland Martin this week, And, he asked her a question about Trump quote, trashing black cities. He was in Detroit earlier in the week. And said, look, If, I don't win. America's gonna look like Detroit. You know And. He was obviously a be like Detroit. It was a comment about Detroit And. Its economic struggles. And We talked about it on, on this show. But, that's Roland Martin's version of he's trashing black cities, right? This, it's a black thing. And, this particular soundbite is not being shown to You for the racial angle.


It's being shown to You for her Inanity, which is Now a word We use every day on the show because it's apt. Listen to how she answered this. I make You feel when he trashes black cities. The comments That he just made about Detroit basically being a living. Hail Yes, Yes. He's singling out cities where there are significant African Americans. And, that's who he's Talking about. Yes black people. Yes, Yes, Yes, I, I You. Know there's this whole I I talked with somebody once who said, You Know If You. Just look at where the, the, the stars are in the sky. Don't look 'em as just random things. If, You. Just look at 'em as points.


Look at the constellation. What does it show? You? What? So You just outlined it. Roland, what does it show? You. I don't. I'm lost. I'm lost again. You, guys. I can't. How are We gonna deal with four to eight years of That? I? I I I mean I. Have no idea I. I mean. Like what? What do We just here. I. I. I mean. I mean I mean like I. I like I. Genuinely do not know what point she was trying to make there. I, I. I. I. Mean I. I, I, I, I. I I. just maybe guess But like I. Genuinely. J just like actually don't know. I mean. I mean. Just, just, just real quick on the substantive point. Look, I I went to law school in Chicago. I lived There for three years. When I, when I was there, Chicago was already known for high crime.


It's actually degraded considerably just over the past three to four years or so. In fact, when I took my then girlfriend, Now wife, to Chicago with me for the very first time, about two And a half years ago, her purse was actually stolen in broad daylight in Streeterville. Very wealthy. Nice part of Chicago. Yeah. Great part of Chicago. You. So, You. See, You know it very well. I mean this happened in broad daylight in Streeterville. Not the kind of thing That would've happened in the south side or anything like That. So I mean If. I were to If. I were to condemn the crime in Chicago. Does That make me a racist? I, it's just so stupid. I, I, I mean like reasonable Americans who have more than one brain cell operating between the ears who have anything remotely resembling common sense. They're just not buying this And. They're doubly not buying it. When, when she talks about the constellations, And the sky to make some point.


That I still don't know what, what she was trying to do. No. Nor do I. We've gotta talk about Bill Clinton, because Bill Clinton goes out There. He's stumping for her. They're feeling the panic. Obama's been out there, as You mentioned, Delano. He's shaming black men saying, you're misogynistic If, you're black man. And. You're not voting for her. 'cause it, it's all about her being a woman. And. It can't just be her policies. It has to be something having to do with her gender. And They, unleash Bill Clinton. Notwithstanding the history with him, And the women But. He goes out there And it, have to say he does not look good. I mean just like a little bit of foundation. I know. He is a man. I'm just saying like a little bit of coverup. It's Okay. Guys.


If You have a serious complexion problem or like serious acne. You can get away with it. Now don't go full foundation on your face. That's a little, eh, But a little coverup is fine. You've got permission from Megan And. Kelly You can tell anybody. He gives You a hard time. Bill Clinton, it's an aside. He goes out There And while looking like a little off. He's trying, allegedly to make the case for Kamala on the subject of illegal immigration. And, he winds up inadvertently question mark. Making the case for Trump on the subject of Lake And Riley, who was of course killed by an illegal who came in this country in 2022 under the Biden Harris administration.


And. He And, he killed Lake And Riley in Georgia just earlier this year. Listen, Trump killed the bill. The bill was written being written by senior Republicans in the Senate. And. He killed the bill. why? You got a case in Georgia not very long ago. Didn't You They made an ad about it about a young woman who'd been killed by an immigrant? Yeah. Well, If, they'd all been properly vetted. That probably wouldn't have happened. Exactly. Delano no one can believe. He said That. He, he must have been confused.


And not realized. That. The guy came in under Kamala, not under Trump. And. Jason Miller atop Trump operative tweeted That out with it was tongue in cheek saying he knows exactly what he's doing. She's running with a picture of Hillary. What do You make of it? Yeah, Yeah. I. I mean I'm not Sure. It might be easy to chalk it up to age And to say, You know Bill Clinton has sort of lost track of what it is. That he was saying. But, I, But, I. Think the substantive point holds, right? Everyone can see That. The, the left's immigration policy has been a complete disaster. And. It's not just for people who live in border towns.


I mean I grew up in New York. And And it have family immigrated to the United States. And even in, in Brooklyn, where again, You have a significant portion of people who, who were born in a, in a different country. There are people saying, no We need to get this immigration issue un under control. Because it's one thing to have legal immigration And it know There. There are debates on the right as to what those levels should be. Right? You know who should be coming. And And And for how long? And You know for You know how many people should be coming. But everyone can agree. That unfettered legal immigration is a national security risk, as well as just You know undermines law.


And order. So I, I'm not so, I'm not surprised book Clinton says That because every once in a while politicians make a mistake. And actually tell the truth. I'm, I'm just wondering how That sp plays in Harris Wall's campaign headquarters. Oh. My God. I do wonder too. This is a good question, Josh. Like, do They start maybe with friends like this You know who needs I I don't know Bill Clinton. He's older. Now. How old is Bill Clinton? We'll, look it up. But You know he's not. He's 78. He's not used like you're not used to him making mistakes like That. Look, I I I mean I, I. Think Delano just said it very well. Actually. I, every so often a politician slips up.


And actually says the truth. I mean I mean. This is a very visceral reminder as to just how much the Democratic party has transmogrified. Over the course of the past three decades since Bill Clinton was President Un under the Bill Clinton presidency, the Democratic Party was famously the the party of safe legal And Rare. When it came to the abortion issue, president Clinton signed the, the Defense of Marriage Act DOMA in 96. He had welfare reform, he had a capital gains tax cut. The Democratic Party That back then was actually very harsh for the most part on illegal immigration. Bill Clinton signed into law in 96, a very tough on illegal immigration. Bill. Harry Reid back then, when he was one of the Senate Democratic leaders from Nevada actually went so far as to oppose birthright citizenship for illegal aliens.


Now, when Donald Trump says That That 25, 30 years later, They They call a retrograde Trolow died. A racist, fascist, whatever kind of adjective You wanna throw out there. So Bill Clinton saying the quiet part out loud in this kind of mask off moment there, it really ought to be a, a, a, a, a moment for the American people to pause And, say, hmm, You know. why is Democratic party saying such different things? Now in the era. Barack Obama, Joe Biden, Kamala Harris And Tim Walls. Then it was saying 30 years ago, back when it was saying some common sense sort of stuff. Yeah. And And. Am I still a Democrat? Like do Bill Clinton is a reminder of what Democrats used to be. And Kamala Harris's version of democracy or being a Democrat I should say, are.


It is very, very different. Okay. So the media, as we've been showing You throughout very compliant, very, very much rooting foreign in the camp of Kamala Harris, openly And. This was, this was evident on CBS news, again with one of the CBS news debate moderators, Margaret Brennan, who is just, she continues to just disgrace herself. So she has a Sunday show And on it. She host of speaker Mike Johnson. Speaker Mike Johnson was speaking to the hurricane relief efforts. And. As You guys know They, they've, they've had problems, serious problems, especially after Helene at the federal level.


So You saw what happened to CBS And 60 the other day. What They did with Kamala Harris's word salad, answer on whether BB Netanyahu's listening to us. They cleaned it up. They got rid of some of her inanities. And left in just a shorter version. And refused to tell us whether That shorter version was in fact part of her initial response to the question asked If. It came from a different place in the transcript. Totally unethical. Totally unethical. And We deserve an answer as to exactly how this went down, because They released the one longer word salad as a tease. They tightened it up. And used a totally different phrase set of words for the answer. That aired in the actual 60 minutes piece. They refused to release the transcript, notwithstanding pressure Now even from Trump to release it from former CBS employees demanding an investigation.


So far, nothing. Zero downside to them. If They didn't violate ethical breach ethical rules zero in releasing That transcript. The only reason, well, it just be one of two things. It would make them look bad or it would make her look bad or both. That's it. That, those are not good reasons. That, If You did something unethical. Too bad it's time to pay. The Piper And it You If You are just trying to cover up her word salad. That's not a good reason for withholding it. That's partisan hackery. So anyway, Now We get Speaker Johnson on the CBS Sunday show, And the VP debate moderator Margaret Brennan, who asks him a question about hurricane relief. And. I'm gonna show You the version That aired because it was obviously pre-taped And.


He taped himself giving the answer. And then released his full answer. And. It's not to say you're not allowed to make any edits whatsoever when you're putting on a program, You are But a substantive edit like this will get You in trouble every time. Watch. So that's a different accounting than this 2% You, say, was distributed. Yeah. So they've obligated some funds. But, they've only distributed 2%. The Rescue And recovery effort's still going on And, then We address the rest of it. So that's A different accounting than this 2% You, say was distributed. Yeah. So they've obligated some funds. But, they've only distributed 2% And when I was there on the ground. And You should go I mean, bring the cameras, And, talk to the people there. They'll tell You, don't, don't take politicians' words for this or the administration's word.


Talk to the people there on the ground. They had not been provided the resources almost two weeks out from the storm. That They desperately need it And when I was there. 13 days post You know post the storm hitting That state. People are still being rescued. They're stuck in the higher elevations in the mountains because the roads are down, And all the rest. So They need every, every available resource, And all hands on deck. What Do You make of it, Josh? Look, CBS news. I mean If. There is any media outlet out There That is more discredited at this point than Ccb s News I can't possibly think of, of of what it is. I mean. The, these, these, these are the same people. That moderated the vice presidential debate. That were fact checking JD Vance in real time after explicitly saying, That They, were not going to do That as You alluded to.


They They They totally chopped up the BB Netanyahu answer And Kamala 60 man interview. How about the Tony Doca pill? Tahi Coates realtime struggle session. Tony Doca pill. The morning anchor has the temerity, has the chutzpah to ask some very basic rudimentary questions to the Charlatan Tanah Hei Coates. You're talking about this conflict. That You quite literally flew into in the middle East with no knowledge. why are You not talking about the Sbarro bombing And the second Intifada? Why are You not talking about Hezbollah Hamas, all of That And And. Apparently the bigwigs of CBS news were so up in arms. That They had a real time malitz struggle session the next morning, by the way, the Deis czar who They were going to bring in to oversee this hearing. Apparently They They ditched him at the last minute because he has a social media history of referring to Tim Scott as Uncle Tim You.


Know That goes back to what Delano was saying about a half hour ago or so, about how, how black men are so stigmatized for, for supporting conservatives, And, whatnot there. But, And, And And, Now You have this I I mean. Look, the people have to, to have to pause at some point. And say the, the trust in the media, right? Now is the lowest it has been in, in the recorded history of Gallup Ppu public polling on this issue, I think the media has a, has the lowest approval rating of maybe any institution in America, right? Now outside of the Congress itself, which has been horrific for, for multiple decades. Now. Will, will They ever look in the mirror? And ask why And it have to conclude. At this point, the answer is probably not. Which by the way, is why You see the rise of alternative platforms? You see the rise of YouTube, And social media, And Twitter, And Instagram, because people just no longer trust the one-time institutional gatekeepers of information.


And That paradoxically then leads these very same people who are engaging in this sort of slate of hand And ledger domain That, paradoxically then leads them to decry. What They see as the purported misinformation. And disinformation on these alternative services. That They have actually induced the people to go to in the first place to get out of their own failed gatekeeping. So it it's a total catch 22 But I. Don't think That They have the self-awareness to look in the mirror? And actually stop these practices. And You know. It really is at the detriment of the person who doesn't tape themselves. Like Speaker Johnson was very smart to do it, because You know how it works. Delano You, go on one of these shows. You You think a point like That will make air, right?


Like You don't think you're gonna be overly edited, especially on a criticism of the ruling administration on something that's affected thousands, millions of Americans. Hundreds of Americans are dead. So this is a very much an issue in the news, right? Now And. So You give the answer with the criticism. But You. Don't give it 10 times because when you're giving the interview, you're in your head. You're like, I've, I've already said That And. So it's a very effective way for CBS to just get rid of it. It's gone. And, that's just a point. That doesn't exist. It's off into the ether. And Now, I've cleansed the record for this administration, the same as Margaret Brennan tried to cleanse the record by cutting JD Vance's mic when he tried to correct her fake news fact check over our border policies, And And.


This is one of the reasons That We have such difficulty. And people are resistant to media fact checkers because at, at the end of the day, the media does not engage in fact, checking the media engages in narrative checking, right? So it it's They They. Choose which facts to include And, which to omit They choose the, the language That They use to frame particular stories. And then They do things like this, right? Where They will just cut out substantive portions of a person's response in order to make it appear That. They're saying something. That They. Don't say Now. What makes this even worse is That They. Take this position. When They deal with right of center politicians, But. When They want to criticize these politicians, particularly in, in defense of the left, then They will do what They did.


I'm thinking back in Florida a few years ago with the entire fake You. Know, don't, don't say gay controversy, right about a law. That substantively was about parental rights. And education, And, They, They do the corporate press does what it all often does, which is act as what I call a media laundering enterprise. Where, where They They take ideas, They quote unquote They, wash them in, in the press And. Then when They come out on the other side, it allows advocates, activists to say, Yes, this is what I heard from this particular CBS news. Or c N, N, And And. This is true because I got it from these particular platforms. So They They They are good at distorting the truth in such a way where They can always say, well, no, as Jake Tapper said, You know earlier in, in, in the program.


No, I'm, I'm reading his words. Yes. But. You're reading them out of context. And it, And it. Remember a pa an old pastor of mine says, That, whenever You take a text out of context, all you're left with is a con Oh I like That You know. Speaking of fact, checking, in our next hour, we're gonna have Steve Ballmer, the reportedly. This the world's seventh richest man. He owns the La Clippers And. He used to run Microsoft for many, many years. And was in on the ground floor of it with Bill Gates. He's gonna be here because he's talking about a fact. It's not a fact. Checker But. It's, it's a fact offer. The name of the website is USA Facts dot org And.


It's a website that's basically going to offer real facts about, for example, our economics And our crime rates And. So on And, he's done everything humanly possible to take all bias out of it. And we'll get into whether that's even possible when it comes to reporting facts on controversial issues in our next hour. But You know, why not give it a try? Okay last But, not least I. Wanna update our audience? And You guys might find this interesting on a Twitter account, an X account. Now That has been pushing a story We have covered to some extent on this show. And Now is pushing an incendiary story about Tim. The audience may know the Twitter website or the account goes under the name Black Insurrectionist And.


The reason We talked about it on this show was he made some intent incendiary posts about a month ago after the a BC news presidential debate between Trump And Harris And said he'd been in touch with a whistleblower from within a BC News who was alleging That. He has worked at a b, C News for 10 years. That, he heard conversations amongst executives, And That. He has them on tape. And That They reveal That a b, C news in inappropriately coordinated with the Harris campaign in advance of the debate to do a couple of things, including not ask her anything about her time as ag, which They didn't at the debate to not ask her anything about her brother-in-law And his tenure over at the Department of Justice, which has been immersed in some controversy, And to not ask her anything about Biden's mental acuity.


None of those subjects was ble breached at the debate. But, this alleged whistleblower was claiming he knew That They wouldn't be touched. And, he knew it. The day before the debate. And That, he filled out a signed sworn verified affidavit, which is a document You sign in the law under the penalties of perjury. The day before the debate, And That, he met, he mailed certified mail. A copy of said affidavit, sworn to speaker Mike Johnson the day before the debate And then in the wake of the debate, he was proven correct. He had the audio tapes, he was gonna come forward with them And. He was lighting the internet on fire.


You had a Republican congressman saying was calling for hearings on Capitol Hill. You had very prominent lawmakers from Ted Cruz to just notables like Bill Ackman saying, this must be investigated within, possibly by the s E c If. True And We reported That on this show. And, it did tell the audience. I did not put my credibility behind this guy. But That. We needed to raise it because it was turning into a thing. Well update for You. Since That date, We have been trying to ascertain whether Speaker Johnson did receive That certified letter, because it did seem to me from the beginning, If, he got the letter. This guy's legit If. He didn't get the letter.


He's not That. Just seems pretty clear to me with the caveat, That mail can be lost. But, eh, certified letters? No. Well, We are Now able to confirm. They never got the letter. We have spoken with a source with direct knowledge. Speaker Johnson's office never got said alleged certified letter. The alleged tapes have never been made public. The alleged whistleblower has never come forward. We were told he was possibly filing a lawsuit. That didn't happen. He allegedly filed a complaint with the S E c And. The F E C We contacted those organizations which did not confirm or deny.


They made no comment on whether they'd received such a complaint. But, even If one were received. It doesn't prove said whistleblower exists. That is the state of this alleged. A B, c News whistleblower And this X account, which for whatever it's worth, I have unfollowed. Because when I followed him, he put me in his bio as Megan Kelly's following me, which is not Okay. I specifically made clear on this show, And elsewhere. I was not vouching for this person's credibility. I do not follow him. Now I. Do not recommend You. Follow him. And it. Recommend everybody proceed with extreme caution on the latest incendiary things he is saying about Governor Tim Walsh. Just because it hurts quote the other side, doesn't mean it's appropriate to run with And in this day.


And age people need to be really careful who They trust. So I wanna make Sure. Our audience is up to date on That. Any thoughts on the state of information? And? What passes for scandal news? And You know stories these days because You know how it is, guys. It's like we've been lied to so much by our government. I understand why people are like, Hmm, anything's possible. And by our media. But. You've gotta be so careful. Yeah, You do look. I I I live here in Florida. Meghan And, And We. We've gotten em battered by multiple hurricanes. Recently. We had Hurricane Helene And We had Hurricane Milton. And You know I was filling in on radio last Monday. I was trying to project to both the South Florida area, And also to Tampa Bay, trying to encourage them to, to, to prepare for this, to prepare for Hurricane Milton to go to the grocery store to get your, your, your jugs of water to get your, your, your, your, your non-perishables, your canned goods.


What whatnot I mean. Does it really help when someone like Marjorie Taylor Greene is saying That, they're doing this to You, deliberately vague who the They is, whether it's the Jews or the government, or perhaps someone else there. N no. It obviously does not help I I I mean this, this is blatantly And very stuck with the weather. Yeah, the hurricane. Exactly. I mean. Marty Kelly agree. But. Jews control everything. Josh, for the love of God. I mean it's very, very big group. Very powerful You Know Megan, sometimes I Wish That. My people controlled everything given how much the Jews are being killed out there in, in the information war in the PR world over the past year. But But, But But. Neither here nor There I suppose for present purposes. But You know I I had a similar thought to this back at the Baltimore Bridge. Collapse when That happened. Back I think it was in late March as well. You know people just immediately go to the absolute craziest thing.


That will get You retweets, reposts. Whatever Elon, Elon Musk is calling it these days there. And Yes. It is true. On the one hand, it is true That. Many things That That are ruling class dismisses as so-called conspiracy theories end up being the case. We all remember the, the COVID-19 origin, the Wuhan lab, the Hunter Biden laptop where You had the 51 deep state spooks the next day. Jim Clapper John Brennan trying to dismiss it as Russian disinformation. Yes, the ruling class has complete agon face when it comes to a lot of things. They have tried to shunt aside as misinformation or, or, or, or, or, or as fake news or whatever conspiracy theory. But. On the other hand, That doesn't necessarily mean You have to try to put out the craziest thing imaginable as You say.


That's right. Just to try to hurt the other side. And. It is a delicate balance. It's a delicate line to draw. But. We have to do our best in this business. And the talking head class to our best to try to toe That line. That's the thing, Delana, because You You run with, with like I mean what? He's pedalling Now I won't repeat on this show. It's just so incendiary And. it should point out a B, c News denied his report on the whistleblower. Hey If. There's a guy out there with tapes. It's not too late. It's not too late. But I. Think We know where that's gonna go. In any event, You You just have to be You have to be careful, right? Because I think what just happen is You run with let's say what he's pedaling, right? Now And.


Then when That turns out to be absolutely untrue, If And. When it does, you've embarrassed yourself. And, there are many people theorizing That. This this just all be a kind of an op by the other side to trap people, right? With credibility or online into saying, repeating these incendiary things only to then later be embarrassed. Yeah. I I. Think instead of focusing on on fact checking And, it I chuckle. When the people who talk about wanting to do fact checks are the people who believe That men just get pregnant. To me, That That would be the first question I would ask to anyone who wants to be in That business, right? To just sort of true up my skills a little bit. But But I. Do think That media literacy information literacy is a bipartisan sort of multiracial, multiethnic, multi-religious Every American needs this because to Josh's point, when You remove the gatekeepers, You also remove one of the things That They That They bring.


Right? Which is a, a, a sense of discipline. And order, And structure in terms of our You know information systems. And Now. We're at a point where no matter who we're talking about, what side of the aisle They fall on, there's going to be someone pushing some, some information. That says, That, this person is the worst person in the world. And, And. It's something That can catch. Both the left And, the right And. It's net And. That's why I'm, I'm a firm believer, obviously in, in checking your sources, getting You know first person accounts to me. The heavier the claim, the more evidence And You need to bring to bear. And it think That. This is something That politicians on both sides of the aisle. It does not matter. You know whether You are a conservative And And.


You're talking about You know immigrants in, in one particular Midwestern city, or, or you're a liberal And. You're talking about people who are clinging to the God And guns, And, And, And advancing certain theories about You know what people do in their personal lives. So it it, this is needed today more than ever because the next generation who I think is, has the digital natives. And have grown up with devices. And ubiquitous information, have never heard of the Dewey decimal system, have never had to go And. Check out a book from a library. They are going to be even more vulnerable to this type of thing because what people instinctively do is to find information.


That con confirms their priors. And, And And sort of reaffirms their existing narratives. Yeah. Stay in the business of truth seeking And, then decide how You feel about it. But it, it should go in That order. Delano Josh, great to see You. Guys, thanks for being here. Thank You. Thank You. Megan,


Do You owe back taxes? Are your tax returns still unfiled? Did You forget to file for an extension? The October 15th deadline is basically here. And time's running out. My friends If You have not gathered all your documents or made any estimated payments. You just soon be on the wrong end of the I RS And. After October 15th, the I RS can garnish your wages, freeze your bank account, seize your property. It's not good. Suffice it to say But. There is help available tax network. USAA nationwide tax firm has helped taxpayers save more than 1 billion in tax debt. They have filed over 10,000 tax returns. And assisted thousands in reducing their tax burdens. And They can help You too. Don't wait. Visit tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1000 Okay. So it's tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1000 for a free consultation. They'll guide You through a few simple questions to determine how much You can save And. Take action Now before it's too late. Right? Visit tn usa.com/megan or call 1 809 5 8 1000.


Let me ask You a question. Do You think our country's going in the right direction? Or does it feel like things are falling apart? If You are feeling alarmed. You're not alone. In fact, Americans from all walks of life have taken action to prepare for whatever is coming next. And That. just start with having an emergency food supply. Storing food in your home can be valuable in this crazy time in America, which explains why so many people are preparing right Now. You can get ready to with a three month emergency food kit from My Patriot Supply. It comes with delicious foods like creamy stroganoff. I would eat That right, Now honey wheat bread, mushroom rice peel off the entire kit offers over 2000 calories every day. This food kit lasts up to 25 years. How's That even possible? Who knows what our country's gonna look like then? But You can know you'll be ready for it. Whatever comes, go to prepare with megan.com Now. To order your three months emergency food kit from My Patriot Supply, prepare with megan.com.


I'm Megyn Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political legal And cultural figures. today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts. You may know And, probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey And. Yours truly Megyn Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere. You are no car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport. Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe. Now, get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe. And get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK Show And. Get three months free offer. Details apply.


Steve Balmer is a hugely successful entrepreneur. He's a billionaire. He came from humble beginnings. And is entirely self-made. His father was a Swiss immigrant who worked a mid-level job at Ford. Grew up in Detroit. He wound up graduating first in his class from high school. He went to Harvard. He was the football team manager, And. He happened to live down the hall from a kid named Bill Gates who was there at the same time. After graduating from Harvard, Steve wound up selling Duncan Hinz cake mixes, which I mean. Let's be honest. They sell themselves. They're delicious. But. Soon as old Powell, bill Gates called him up.


And said, You know I've got this new startup. You might be interested in joining. why don't You leave? Where he Now was? Which was Stanford Business School. And, join me over here. So he did. He went over to the Now multi-billion dollar company, Microsoft And. For 14 years, Steve Baumer served as the chief executive officer there under his leadership revenue at the company. more than tripled And in 2014, just months after he retired as C E O. Instead of getting on a yacht, And moving to St. Bart's, he purchased the Los Angeles Clippers basketball team for a whopping 2 billion bucks.


And. In the 10 years since he's doubled the franchise's worth And, it seems to have brought him quite a bit of psychic income as well. Now, he's got this new project. That is And feels philanthropic. And. This one's for all of us. He is the founder of USA Facts, with a mission to provide unbiased information rooted in data You can find said facts at USA Facts dot org. Welcome to the show Steve. Great to see. You Great to be here. Thanks for having me, Megan. Real pleasure. Alright, well I love the idea. I went over of course, just to check it out, And, to see whether I thought USA Facts dot org was unbiased.


Because I'm always primed to find bias If. It's there. And actually. I approve I. I did not detect what I thought would be a left wing bias coming from somebody who's been in tech his whole life. So, thumbs up on That. Well done. why? why was this necessary? why did You wanna do it? Well, I actually started the project in 2014 right after I retired. My wife had been focusing in on philanthropic activities, really focused on kids And families who might not have a shot at the American Dream. If You will And it. Told her, no, no, no, no, I'm tired.


Government pays for That stuff. We don't need to do anything. And. She said, You know. Come on dude, we're gonna do better than That. Let's take our responsibility or desire to help But I set out to kind of understand whether government did pay for all of That. Where does government money come from? Where does it really get spent? What does wealth transfer look like through the process? And. Then when You get into it, You gotta talk about what the outcomes are. I took kind of the business approach, which was to say, I don't want people's forecast. I don't want think tank analysis because think tanks generally have some bias. I said, let's just look at the numbers.


That government produces I. Happen to believe That. We have good statistical agencies with credible people. And. It is If. Those numbers are wrong. Then I blame politicians on both sides who have the opportunity to, to address And, fix these things. I did That for myself. And as I was going along. I said, Hey, why don't We package this up in forms? That might be useful to other people. And That was kind of the birth story. Twenty seventeen, three years later, We took a business approach. We published a 10 K report, like businesses would have to And an annual report. And, we've been off to the races ever since. Okay, But, Now.


How do You manage to Keefe this thing from veering left because I have been invited to go speak at Google. hq And, Facebook hq, And have been asked by their CEOs, And, others over the years, how do We make our products more fair? How do We understand the right half of the country since tech historically has leaned left? And is based in a sort of a left wing town. And. You know it tends to be populated like news with mostly lefties. So what do We do? And. it told them all the same thing. Get more actual Republicans or conservatives in your organizations in in an editorial role.


It They. Don't have to dominate it. But. Get them in there. Get 'em a seat at the table. And. Steve They did not listen to me. And They should have. So how? How do You manage this? Well, We have pretty strong culture around being unbiased. And, because we're using government data, it's hard to And We. Don't try to forecast We. Don't try to say what the cause of something was. We. Just say, here's the current state of affairs. I mean, look, If. Both parties can't somehow agree. That inflation was X versus Y.


That's a problem. Where might it go in the future? Who caused it? So We. We stay very principled around That. I also tell us to avoid adjectives wherever possible. Adjectives, words. That can sound partisan Numbers are not partisan. You know. Three is three. Two is two. Some people might say Oh three is hugely bigger than two. It's one And a half times. But, If. It's in the context of a hundred. So we're very careful to provide historical context. Context in terms of other numbers. That, government produces And it We. Do those things. I think we've been able to stay well anchored.


Now also, before We first published We had some folks, political folks on both the right And the left. Take a look at our stuff. And say, Hey, what do You see? What are We missing? Are are We showing bias in what we're doing? And consistently. Since then, I've gone to DC every year. We've had bipartisan groups of senators together a number of times. Now, And. Nobody's actually picked on That. One key aspect. Now, of course there are various numbers. That are more interesting to one party to the other But. That's on on them. I wanna make Sure. The numbers are clear, presented well how They choose to use them.


That's a political statement. That's a partisan statement. You can't And Now in the future. You can't go to Washington. You can't talk to senators. And, congressmen for this You have to come to people like me because They all want your money. I don't want anything from You. You need people. But, Oh, Oh. Slow down. Slow down. I have not a political donor. There are a few causes. I care about I am not a political donor. Now. I don't control my wife. And it. You. Look at her history. It would tend to be more left than right. But. There are issues. That. I care about But. Basically, I will not participate supporting candidates on either side.


I appreciate That including Now. Some old, old friends. That. I have an old friend from Microsoft who I know is very smart, et cetera. But I won't support her because I don't want to take partisan positions. Well, it's funny 'cause in my role, I don't make any political donations. It's not appropriate for a journalist to do That But. At some shops they'll let You And. it always felt like That was just a deeply wrong thing to do. And, most news organizations feel the same. They just once you've put money into something you've actually You know, made a bet with money on something. There's, it's very hard not to have a bias in favor of the something so I. Appreciate That I. Mean I. Wish more people would follow your lead, including celebrities who make it almost impossible for us to watch them because they're so hard partisan.


On one side it's like, well, Now That I know You can't stand me. How am I gonna enjoy You on the big screen? So thank You for not ruining the La Clippers for us. Even though I I honestly barely knew That was a basketball team before this week. I'm so non into sports, Steve, I've gotta confess the truth. Now You. You mentioned no adjectives on on USA Facts dot org. That to me seems antithetical to who You are. Based on what I've seen. You know just in clips of You at the Microsoft meetings. And And, You And at the Clippers. There's not and more adjective prone, enthusiastic cheerleader for the things That You get involved with. The no adjectives must have been hard.


Yeah, I mean I can't. I'll also sort of put up front You. Know there are some adjectives. That get used. But. We try to avoid. Largely I mean for me. Measured. Measured And. Show the numbers. Yes I am a huge fan. I was a fan of Microsoft as well as a participant, a fan of the Clippers. But. The one thing I like better actually than my fandom is numbers. You know math is was my sort of key skill growing up. I perfect 800 on the math a t That got exaggerated. It was seven 90 But. Wikipedia was a little off on That.


But. That's Okay. That's that's false news. But. I can't. I can't change those. It's a Wikipedia issue. But at the same time. I do love numbers I think They tell stories. I made this point even in in sports football. Tom Brady, when he was playing And, quarterbacks They have to have a sense of how, how far people away, where are They going? And in a sense, it's almost like a numerical puzzle. So I, I love numbers. I love to use numbers. And. I'm very disciplined about not letting my enthusiasm for things get in the way of what the numbers actually say. Well, it's interesting because some of the people I've trusted most over the past few years as we've started edging toward a post-factual world, at least in politics, And, public messaging.


Our economists are, they're math guys at at heart because math does still add up unless You inject something weird into it. This is not my area of expertise. It's not my forte. But I appreciate people with a strong background in math because They tend to make the most sense. I did wanna ask You about That because couple of things about You. So Okay seven 90 I mean You should have tried a little harder. But, it's fine. Seven ninety's fine. So You get into Harvard self-made as I said, Now do. When You were a kid rising to the top of your class as a high schooler, were You an incredibly hard worker or were You one of those kids.


That. This just came easily to You. It was just natural for You. I'd say a little bit of both. Little I I was very hard worker. And writing never came easy to me. Math speaking did come easy to me, which is why it pushed through the math curriculum in my high school. In two years, And started taking college math courses because I believe it's helpful for people to pursue You know to pursue things. That. They're good at But, passionate enough to really You know bust, bust their But it so to speak, to be good at it. So I'd say a little bit of both. And actually in my case. Can I come back to one thing You said about economists?


Just, just, yeah. To your point about bias, I used to think I was applied math. And economics, major And. it used to think economics was a total science. I Now. Know We have left wing economists, And right wing economists, which will tell You We it is not an exact science. Otherwise, You can't have two scientists looking at the same data. And coming to completely different conclusions. So even economic analysis, unless it comes from the government moving through it, You know gotta live by the numbers. I'm think about people Thomas, so Glen Lowry You know like people who are more heterodox And some of the dicier issues in our news over the past few years.


And You. Look over And. You say, why are They? why do They sound so much different than everybody else on this? A lot of these guys have a background in econ And. it don't think it's accidental. I I spoke with Glen Lowry about it. Who's formerly of Harvard? And Now. He's at Brown I. Just don't think it's coincidental. So I, see That. Okay. You. Go on. You're at Harvard. One of the great things about going to a great school like Harvard, or at least used to be Harvard's much more controversial for reasons You know Now is That. You do have connections. You make connections. This is something, I'm gonna be honest, really wasn't a factor at Syracuse. With all due respect to my friends at Syracuse, They have not proven instrumental to me in my professional life.


But You know it seems like. Can You speak to That dynamic? 'cause I think a lot of people out there, right? Now. I'm asking You this as a mother are ruining their children's childhoods to try to get them into a school like Harvard. So That They can make a connection. Kind of like Bill Gates down the hall. And wind up the seventh richest man in the world or whatever They say You are. So can You speak a little to That? Yeah. I mean obviously I did build meet Bill in school. obviously That connection. I wouldn't say just was important to me. I also important to Bill I. Think it was a special partnership with him. And, his co-founder Paul Allen And me. Since I joined And, the company was only 30 people.


And obviously We grew. We grew tremendously with That, said If. You ask me, were There other connections. I met. I made at Harvard. That were instrumental. Yeah, There was one guy. I hired who I'd gone to Harvard with And. Actually I had known since summer math camp in Detroit. But by And Large. No it wasn't. The folks That I met at Harvard. That wound up being key to to my life. So I do think That And it. I can't speak exactly to today. But. I do think You know. The more competitive to get into schools are a little bit of a screening process, at least on kids' SAT scores.


Nowadays people are using SA. So it is a screen But it You know I can't say the old I. I'll still say old boys network. I can't say the old boys or old girls Network. I have found fundamental But. The screening process on SATs, particularly when you're looking at You know engineers. And You know they've been screened for math scores. It it does help a little bit. We're more like We. When I was at Microsoft were We would hire a higher percentage of the kids That We interviewed at at Harvard than the kids We would've interviewed at I. Don't know Purdue And. Purdue And. Excellent school. And We hired a lot of people from Purdue.


It's fascinating to me 'cause it's like You have this natural aptitude. You use it. You make the most of it. You wind up at Harvard like circumstance brings You together with this guy Bill Gates. And as You say You form this partnership. And Paul Allen's there too. And. Then the world has changed. Before You know it, the world has changed. This started in 1980, right is That when You went over is That. When Microsoft started, Company started in I. I would say late 74. Bill And it were friends when he started the company. I didn't join till 1980 when he finally said he needed a business guy, And. it came in as quote the business guy in the in the company And.


He looked at That That record with Duncan Hines, And the cake And. He was like, Steve I need You. Yeah, That being on the business guy to the school newspaper. And the manager of the football team. Those are my relevant qualifications. Megan. Yeah, But. You were on the rocket ship. You helped build the rocket ship as it was taking flight. And You know the whole country has benefited from That. I'll move off of this. But I do wanna ask You I gotta spend a minute on on achieving enormous wealth. After such a modest background. And And grow. Growing up You know the son of immigrants, And And in Detroit. A friend of mine told me a story once they'd been on Paul Allen's private jet And.


Paul Allen had said, You know what? What would You like for dinner tonight? As They flew You know whatever. You like And. He's like, it's pizza. And. So Paul said to the flight attendant, just We, get some pizza. And. She said, Oh. My God sir. It's like the one thing We don't have You know They just have made him oa. Buco But. They didn't have pizza. And. So Paul's like, well, You know we're flying over whatever. Do You. Is there any way maybe We, just stop We. just put the, put the plane down for a minute. And. We. just get some pizza. So Now, the flight attendants are calling every pizza joint in town of the You know state. That, they're over or the city they're gonna land in And. They're all closed. It's the middle of the night.


So They call some guy who's at home, the pizza owner, he's at home. And, They, get his You know home line. And. They. Call him up. And. The guy's like, what? Is there any way You just go in And make a pizza. And. He's like, no, the pizza joint's closed. I'm not doing it. And, the person representing Paul wasn. Paul says to the guy, imagine a world in which money is no object. And no is not an option. And. The guy's like, all right, I'll do it for $10,000. Like done.


So he got his pizza. I love this story. I mean it's of course excessive And, all That, not relatable. But. I mean. Come on, it happened And. It's kind of an interesting tale. So how has achieving earning such immense riches changed your life? Yeah, I had never heard That story about my dear friend Paul. It doesn't shock me. But. Yeah, I had never heard That story. Yeah, in my case, I would point to probably three things, four things. That are important. Number one, I just don't have to worry about money. My family doesn't have to worry about money.


And, all of the pressures That come with That. We, We just don't have And. It takes stress outta life. That would be number one. Number two, I. just buy a basketball team. I really just can buy a basketball team, which You know. When you're a kid, people say, Oh did You always dream of owning a basketball team. Of course not. Nobody gets enough money to buy a basketball team. But. I was fortunate. Not only I get to buy a basketball team, We just finished building a two plus billion dollar arena. That I think is the best. Amazing. It looks almost the IT best product I was ever thank You, That I was ever involved with. So You get You know That kind of ability.


You know philanthropically. You know. For example, We paid for I. Don't know. 18,000 kids in Detroit, K through eight Detroit area to do a six week summer program this summer. That's fun. That's exciting. Couldn't do That. If. I wasn't so blessed And. Then there are what I'd call some perks of wealth. We have a nice beach house. Yes. I have a plane. And. Those are You. Know as Warren Buffet used to say, They may be into indefensible. But They really are nice perks. And, no, I've never stopped to get pizza in whatever. Dubuque, Iowa.


What's the best one? Gimme the best one. Is it the plane? No, no, no, no, no, no. It's the basketball. It's the basketball team's. I, I, I. Probably couldn't get to I. Get to almost all. All our games, home games. And. That wouldn't be possible without the play. But But, by far the best thing is the basketball team. Oh. Well that's amazing. And. You have managed You. Know We went back. And looked at what you've donated to And. So on And it. It is like You have maintained a line right down the middle. And helped like some very good And indisputably, excellent charities, And groups. So hats off to You. We kind of need You back on the front lines in the political fight that's going on in our country, right?


Now not to take a side exactly But to help with real solutions. And. I'll tell You why I'm leading into it. That way. I was at the All in Summit not long ago with I'm Sure. Lots of guys, You know like David Sachs, And, others And. They were asking me what I thought We should do to change politics. And just how messed up They are. And We talked a little bit about Citizens United And. How much money Fu funnels into politics. But I said to them, I just really think bottom line. 'cause They said, well, If You just ma. Wave a magic wand. And, change the political system or add a constitutional amendment. What would You do? And it said I. Just really don't think the answers are coming from there. I said I think they're coming from places like this, like this audience, That, We.


Were sitting in front of people outside of the political system who are problem solvers. And, That leads me back to You. So You, start with this website, USA Facts dot org where you're trying to restore a belief in facts. That, there are facts. That. We can agree on filter 10 times over. It's just Keefe filtering, Keefe filtering to try to get out. Biases. And, slants, And. So on. How do We expand this to a place where We can problem solve? When it comes to things like the debt That we're about to shove on our children, both candidates big on spending big, right?


How do We do something like That? Steve I. Think We. First of all, You go all the way back to civics classes, which is what They were called when I was school. In school. We, it's good to educate people. We have three branches of government. We have checks, And balances But without any sense of what government looks like by the numbers. What? What? How are We really educating our kids to participate in the political process. So I, think You know. Even going back to education, And, we're thinking a lot about how We get our stuff into a form. That, it can be relevant in high school.


I talked to a high school teacher. Somebody I happen to know And. They're using some of our videos. And, it was real proud But. it got me stimulated to think again about going all the way back to high school. High school education. If, You will. Number two, I. Really think our political leaders, there should be almost a mandate. That, They all read And. Agree with a some fundamental sentence. You know set of facts when I was C. E O of Microsoft You know the S E. C makes You sign a document. I have read these numbers. To the best of my knowledge, They are accurate. There's no forecasts, there's no You know detailed explanations.


It's just by the numbers. why can't We get our political leaders to have to sign up to say, Hey, look, I I. Know the data. You can agree or disagree with me about why And? What I. Just think it's almost I. Just think it's really, really not Okay for our political leaders to not be held account to account for producing And. Understanding not every layer of detail But some fundamental information about our country. Number three, there are tools, That, We see being able to build in our future in which You just take almost any piece of media.


If. You will And let people in real time. Click And. Check Okay. This is what so And so is saying, let me look at the source data. Let me look at the context around it. You know there are ways to get there. We have some ideas. And with artificial intelligence. Maybe not immediately totally because of the You know possibility for hallucination, we're working through how we'd avoid That. But right there. When you're reading something or you're watching something, boom. You ought to be able to get the answers to your question. And You know, even older people need a level of education. We put out these what We call just the facts from USA facts videos.


I showed 'em to my wife, And. She said, Oh, www I didn't realize That number would be That big or ooh. That was interesting to me, being surprised by some of the things That are just outside the day today world in which she And it happen to live. So I think there's 3, 4, 5 things where You can get people ready to go, including our politicians. And. Have That really help propel a better political environment? Now, will there still be people who just disagree about what to do? Sure, But, at least do it in the context of what is true today.


Today's deficit is X. Today's spending is Y. It can kind of drive me crazy Again, I make no forecast. But. People say, You know we're gonna close the deficit by doing X Y or z And. You say, huh, well, You know, just under a quarter of all government spending is on Social security. Okay, We may have to talk about social security. Again, I'm not s M. Not any value judge. I'm not saying what to do. But don't, don't tell me you're gonna work on something without taking a look at And, acknowledging the, let's call it the elephant in the room.


Here's the big numbers. Darn it. If. You. Really want to get after it. You're gonna have to get You know after some of these things. Or tax revenue. People say, well, either we're gonna lower taxes, increase taxes. But, You know, not That. This is relevant to me because our kids aren't going to get the vast majority of our, our resources. But Inheritance tax. Inheritance tax is under 200 million. Let's say it's probably $50 million. 50. Sorry. Let me get my $50 billion a year of revenue. It's great. But. Our total tax base at the federal level is 4.4 trillion.


We're not going to get there by doubling the inheritance tax. Again, I make no value judgment. It's fine. Some You know society wants to increase or decrease things. But the numbers give You a scale. And sense And. Darn it. Our politicians ought to acknowledge That, And, They. Explain what They want to do in That context. I. Well, I object to the inheritance tax. I'm so angry about it. I don't have your kind of dough. I'm doing fine. But. I. Just feel like You earn it. I c I come from nothing. I earned it. I paid taxes on it. Like actual taxes with the You. Know the W four And. All That I didn't have any vehicles to hide the money. I was a salaried employee. And You know Now You pay over over 50% in taxes.


If I wanna give what's left when I die. And my kids I. Don't want them coming for it again. But. They do. So it's annoying. It's just the government's constantly got its hand out. And usually in your pocket. So it annoys me. Well, I wanna show the audience from a USA Facts perspective. Yeah, please. Yes tell me. No. I was just gonna say it's a good example of how We have to stay non-biased on the issue. You, you're You should have your opinion. You should vote your opinion. Yes Yes. Right? But. You. just do it in the context of what's going on And. That's not our, of knowing what's real. Our job. Yeah. Here is one Keefe. This is one about Fentanyl deaths to, to your point of like, gee, I didn't know That I mean.


Our audience is up to speed on the fact That. Fentanyl is a massive problem for us. And, in particular the number one death for young people as of Now. But. Take a look at sod four Now. Let's look at accidental deaths. Unfortunately, They have been increasing over the last decade, totaling over 227,000. In 2022. And accounting for 7% of total deaths. Accidental poisonings, which include drug overdoses, represent 45% of all accidental deaths. The leading causes of overdoses are fentanyl, And, meth with fentanyl, overdoses alone, growing from just over 3000 in 20 10, 70 4,000 in 2022.


Oh. My God. Look at That. 70,000 increase. Boy, Oh boy But. I like this because without being alarmist, without taking a position, If the number, the chart speaks for itself. Almost Steve. Yeah, yeah. No, it, it does. You know If We had more than 15 minutes of our video. You can also get the context. It's not just the fentanyl. That deaths are growing But. They're not replacing, it's not like people used to overdose from X And Now. They're overdosing from fentanyl. The surge You know is about a factor of I. Don't know off the top of my head. Let's say the surge is almost a factor of 15 in terms of total overdoses.


So it's not like Okay people were dying for heroin. And, Now, same number of people are dying from fentanyl. It is clearly a crisis. And We see the same thing actually with meth. Huge adjectives. I'll give You the numbers. If You. Like But. There is a relatively incon large growth also in meth. And in cocaine. Ironically And, most other forms of accidental death are shrinking. But. The explosion in fentanyl, And meth is really overwhelming. Us. And. It's And. From my perspective, That I. Think I. just say in a nonpartisan way is, is tragic. Yeah. Well, let me take a step outside of USA Facts dot org for a second.


And, ask You. As a human. As an American, why You think this is I mean? why You think fentanyl's going crazy. And. Young people more and more are trying these experimental drugs. And, they're trying other drugs. That, They, don't know have fentanyl in them. It just seems like You, obviously you've lived in America your whole life. You went to college. You came of age in a very stressful industry. So what is it about Now that's leading to those kinds of numbers? Do You think? Yeah, I'll give You again. As a human being, not as a, not as a USA facts person at this stage. I. Think the first thing. And people don't always process this. If. You take an economics perspective.


Supply is easier. The ability to get supply, whether it's fentanyl or meth. That, That has exploded. And. So Now, We, We sort of see more what a balance between supply And demand looks like. So I think the supply is up, is actually an important part of this. Demand is interesting. Our kids under more stress today. You know how should We think about That? I mean by the numbers. The rates of depression amongst young people. 18 to 25 And 20, And 25 to 34 have increased And. They're higher than They are for older people.


But That just possibly be just people don't admit in the same way That They are depressed. But stress slash anxiety slash depression probably drives demand against Steve. Ballmer. Guess And. Certainly the supply of the drugs. I think is an important aspect of the expansion. What role do You think? Not, not Microsoft. I know everybody always brings up the fact That. You didn't think, think the iPhone was gonna be a big seller at 700 bucks. But, I, forgive You. That's fine. At 700 bucks I might have been right. But I wasn't right in terms of them getting it subsidized. So yeah, Right. Well, That was a competitor. Steve Jobs had an idea.


He was an Accenture character. How are You to know But? A lot of people think it's this, it's this device, right? It's this device. And in particular social media that's doing it with our kids. It's, that's making them depressed. And it of course. Ironically, more disconnected And lonely than ever before. It's certainly not the way That, You or I grew up. Just be it. It just be certainly the amount of time. I mean the, the numbers are clear on That. The number of time, the amount of time That people spend We call it screen time in our family. 'cause it just be phone, it just be pc, it just be Xbox, et cetera.


But screen times are certainly up. No question. No question about That. And You. Know I have not been a teenager in this environment. But, certainly all the data That I've read, again, not government data would suggest it is a problem. Now I happen to be the father of three boys who just don't spend That much time on social media. Ironically, how old are They? So Now, they're 32 to 25 But. When They were growing up, And, They were Prime College. And high school age. That's when social media You know completely blossomed.


If, You will And You know You know But. So I haven't had as much of a personal experience on That. And. There's no good, there's no data. That confirms social media. And depression, or at least not to my eye confirms That connection. All contrary. You gotta go look at the hearings with Mark Zuckerberg And Instagram And his apology to the room for what it's done. In particular little girls, But, that's for another day. You mentioned That. You're not gonna leave the vast majority of your your fortune to your sons. So can I just ask You about That because successful people don't wanna raise jerks for kids or ambitious list kids.


And, it's a real problem. It just be your level of success or it just be just a family that's making it upper middle class. And. They don't want their kids to think this is how life is. You know They want 'em to be hungrier. Did did You And your wife wrestle with That? Because You get the same wife. That You married way back years ago, You raised your three boys. Sounds like they're doing well. So You raised three productive, capable humans. So what are your thoughts on That? I? Think it's something about which it takes a lot of care. And thought, And. Everybody gets to decide their own path on That. Our kids will certainly be more comfortable than not.


I mean there's no question why. You know. Even while we're alive, they'll be more comfortable than not. And certainly when We pass, They will with That said If You We. Think If You. Create an expectation of getting You. Know big money when You are younger. If We create an expectation of the the just the way it is. And And our level of wealth, it's a completely different program. But large to me means in this context, large is a percentage. How can, how can the kids not come out? Right? I mean it's ironic. That, my kids all got some money when They were 25 years old.


But, it's ironic, it was money. That my mom, And dad left them in trust. It was $170,000. And. My parents. Put it away. And it. It grew nicely. But. That's the money our kids have gotten. So they've got a little bit of experience. Now all of them dealing with half I. Think They. They each probably got a million dollars out of it, which is a lot, a lot of money. But, it didn't come from my wife. And it. Hmm, www. Well, I don't know I. I think it's very hard. And, especially when they're exposed to enormous privilege. You know in their town, et cetera, to create That hunger. I'm not Sure I. Think maybe, I'm hoping it'll happen with my kids. But I I with other families. I've seen it almost like might have to skip a couple of generations until They feel it again.


I'm not Sure, although on the other hand, it just be just an absolutely wonderful life where You are both well adjusted. Know you're loved. And have some dough in the bank. So You don't have the sickening feeling. Every, every month at the end of the, at the You. Know when the bills come. Okay. So let's, let's go back to USA facts because here's something tricky. That I foresee in your effort eventually politics And it. Ideology is going to seep in in some way. For example, crime rates. This is a big issue, right? Now, what is crime falling? Is it the lowest it's been in 50 years as You would hear from Rachel Maddow And from some in the liberal media?


Or do We only have those numbers? Because They excluded the major cities as Trump retorted at That debate, which is true. They did exclude major, major cities incoming. So how do You deal with those prickly types of considerations? Steve, Not hard for us. We. We simply report what's out there. And We document what We reported. So We will tell You, these are the numbers. That the I. Think in this case it's the UCR. The FB I as supposed to the Bureau of Justice Statistics. We will tell You, this is what we're publishing. We will tell You what is there And, what is not There.


In fact, in many of these cases, We highlight, Hey, You know the fact That. You might wanna actually push your legislators to make Sure. This gets better. Now We do live in a You know sort of a federal system of government. And. So there are some things, the federal government, as it pushes to collect data, there's some things That, it can incent with money, local jurisdictions to do But. Ultimately, whether it's Dallas, Texas or San Francisco or whatever, the police departments do have some latitude in what? They, in what They report. And it think our job in our work is to note what is there, what is not there.


And help put pressure on government to, to get better reporting done. So in a way it doesn't tax us as much as You might think. It might aggravate us. God darn, why isn't That piece of data out there? Shoot But At the same time, We, can I think remain true to our mission in the way We present the data Okay. What would You have done? For example, during Covid, when We had the debates about where Covid started or whether the vaccine worked in the way They were telling us it worked in the beginning, claiming it stopped the spread And so on. Like would You have even taken That on Take I?


I'll take Covid. And And the spread. Okay And. Again, We don't explain causality. But We can co give You a timeline. And We do. It's on USA Facts dot org. We'll give You deaths by, by period of time. We had very good data of That down to the county level. And We can show You. You know when the waves of vaccines came in. Now. People can look at That. Some people just say, yeah, the the vaccine really worked. Some people will point to other situational factors. And You know I. Personally, I'm glad I took the vaccine because I'm, I'm healthy in all ways.


It didn't hurt me. And. it didn't get Covid severely But. That's a personal decision. But taking a look at kind of what happened is important. And then deciding your own view. The government doesn't have data. That gives us an accurate view. That would allow us to You know perfectly claim causality or not. So We won't, We won't give That to You. But, If, You. Look at the car. So what Do You do in a situation like That? Where then it comes out That. I mean And. Eventually the mainstream started to report it too. That, the deaths were being included in the hospital stats. Even If. You died of a gunshot wound. But You just had Covid.


It was being count You. Know what I mean? Like it gets tricky. And, I'm just bringing this stuff up because as somebody who's on the front lines of some of these battles in the political lane, I do think it's very hard to try to do what you're doing. Like you're gonna, at some point you're gonna get tripped up because If, You just had the stats. You just laid out. I know a lot of the people in my audience would've said, you're overstating the deaths of due to Covid v I d You are not factoring in what has been first reported on those right wing blogs. Then denied by the mainstream, then eventually accepted by the mainstream, then winds up in the New York Times. Then everyone left And, right will say Oh Okay Okay.


So let me, let me push on That If. This was some massive top down issue. Somebody just say, Hey, it's been politicized. Y You are right. Doctors do have to decide at the time of death what the sort of driving factor is. If You will of death. And, I'm Sure. We have I. I don't know what the political leanings are of Doctors But. We're looking at, Well, no They were getting more money. If. The deaths were due to Covid. That's why They were class classifying a lot of deaths as from Covid as opposed to a gunshot. Good point, good point, good point. I'm just gonna let let it sit there.


And say, Hey You, have a good point. And We report. What's out there? But, you're right. In That case, I hadn't even thought about it. There are financial, It's a challenge. I'm, I'm doing what I did at Google And Facebook. I'm giving You a heads up. That this stuff. You should, You should make Sure. One of the people at USA Facts dot org is a legitimate conservative who is in tune with E. Even If. They're not pushing You to go right? That's not the point. The point is to just have so I I, I have a job. But to have somebody say We need to be aware. That, this is a controversy And to make Sure That bias doesn't come in right to our 'cause.


In other words, I'd hate to see USA Facts dot org just become another one of those You know like fact checkers. Like for years We were told PolitiFact was apolitical. Well, I saw That guy on morning Joe this morning hard left ripping on Trump saying he's You know all this stuff. And how he's this big Democrat. We We can't have That happen. If You want USA Facts dot org to stay. What You want it to be? But, for example. That's why We are not fact-checkers. We are providers of context. When You get involved in fact checking, the biggest issue that's partisan is which facts You choose to check. If. You. Choose to check the facts.


That represent your political point of view. That's certainly a partisan activity. So We produce source material. If You will for context, You know We pick topics. That run the gamut of all the things in which government is involved. Now do We have people who really look at this with a little bit more conservative Bend, Yes people both inside our organization, And outside our organization. Now, I. Think of myself frankly as very much a centrist. I mean conceptually. I. Think of myself as a centrist. That means different things to different people.


If, You will But I. Find it not That. Hard for me to highlight to people how You know either the right And, let me say truthfully, the left We will look at some of our stuff. And say, were We biased in the way We presented That. So We do have some people who just do That. Who? Who do bring an opinion from the right. And You. Know We We do our best. And I listened to your admonition. And it just, no, seriously, it always is something. I'm glad You didn't see bias in what we've produced. But. it keeps us And. it looked, Yeah, no, it keeps us, it keeps us honest to have people push us from both sides.


I'll say, Good. Alright, I got a minute left. Please end on this. You. Were so shy. You just barely shake hands with people. When You were young, You would hyperventilate reportedly before You went into certain public settings. Quick primer on for kids out there on how They go from That to this. Well, I, guess three things. Number one, build your darn confidence by getting good at something. Number two, these problems will get better with time And. Number three, force yourself into uncomfortable situations. When I became football team manager at Harvard having to get up. There, the manager's not a distinguished position.


And. You. Have to get up there. And sort loosen up everybody. And. You gotta make announcements. Manager, sit down. That was uncomfortable position for me. But. it built my confidence in being out there in front of people. I, like That. Put yourself in uncomfortable positions. That's good advice for life, for business. And for personal development. Steve Balmer, what a pleasure to meet You. My pleasure to meet You. Been a lot of fun, Megan. Alright, we'll see You, the Clippers games. And, stay with it. Good. Go Clippers. Go Clippers I. Know you're not a sports fan. But. You. Get out here. And You. Lemme know. We'll go to a game. I will. The arena's amazing And.


In the meantime, everybody check out USA Facts dot org. And. Let me know what You think. We've got some sharp eyed viewers. You. Let me know. If You think it's right down the middle. I liked it. Okay. So tomorrow my old pal, Tucker Carlson returns to the show. Gee, there's so much to talk about. Wonder where We will even begin. We'll tackle it together. See You then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly. Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear I.