
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Just back now from Washington DC, literally just an hour ago, got back where I interviewed Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, late yesterday. You can find that interview on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly. And our podcast feeds right now. They posted this morning and there's a lot to unpack from that interview. She made a ton of news. Plus there are reports today broken initially by R Pal and now part of the MK Podcast Media Network.


Mark Halprin, that National Security Advisor, Mike Walls, is out, that he's being forced out of the Trump administration. We will break it down for you, but today I am here live in New York City at the SiriusXM hq, the Worldwide hq, where we have an incredible show for you with Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy. Cannot wait to spend two hours with Dave.


If you're a homeowner, listen up. When's the last time you checked on your home title? That's the legal proof that you own your house, and the answer is probably never. The problem is in today's AI and cyber world, scammers are stealing home titles and your equity is the target criminals. Forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county, and boom, your home title has been transferred out of your name. Then they take out loans using your equity or even sell your property. So stop what you're doing and find out today if you are already a victim, use promo code Megan at home Title Lock dot com to make sure your title is still in your name. You'll also get a free title history report, plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud should happen, they will spend up to 1 million bucks. To fix it, go to home Title Lock dot com. Now use promo code Megan, that's home Title Lock dot com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N.


We've got to talk about Bill Belichick and his 24-year-old hostage taker. I mean girlfriend, but most important of all, and even Dave hasn't seen this yet. We have the latest trailer for our own worldwide premiere tomorrow of our new film. Blonde, not to be confused with Blue Origin Blonde Origin, it debuts tomorrow right here on the Megan and Kelly Show. Here's our latest trailer Lift off When Zero Gravity resulted in Zero Clue. Have you been, have you been Three women were brave enough to answer the call tomorrow.


Special coverage of the launch of Blonde Origin Tomorrow on the Megan Kelly show. How far will I go for control Tomorrow? Don't call it a ride. I gonna get to all this now with Dave Portnoy very far is, how is the answer? Yeah, very Far. Clearly. Very far. To to, to the moon and back. Some might say, Where was that in? Like obviously a zero gravity chamber of some sort. You'll have to tune in tomorrow. I can't talk to you unless you've been, have you been To where the moon, just To the special places I've been in space? No, I haven't been there. I haven't been any of those Thoughts.


Then you, we can't discuss it. Okay. I'm gonna have to go back to Gail. Fine. She's the only one who understands me. Okay. Fair. Okay. There's so much happening right now. Let's talk with about Mike Waltz because while the average audience member might not think Dave Portnoy is the perfect person to discuss this news with, they are wrong because you actually called for his ouster. I said somebody had to go Yes. Yeah. After the Signal Gate. Yeah. Controversy broke. Well, single Gate was crazy to me. Still crazy to me. Then there was follow up there, there was more to single Gate with Heskett. Right. Hess, HES heg Seth Hess. Right. With like telling his wife and somebody, what is it, someone else? He, his Personal lawyer and, and reportedly many others on that second.


Yeah. So I mean, to me that's nuts. The single stuff is nuts. I dunno if that's why he's getting pushed out. It seems pretty late, like in the game, like single Gate to me sort of passed. But is that the point That didn't draw as much attention? No, I don't think that's How tr Well, I never know how Trump thinks, because see, Here's the thing. He doesn't like giving the media a scalp. Right, Like a credit for anything. Yeah. But it also depends on how you look at his mind frame, which I don't know anybody else. Well, it also, if he did it almost instantly, it could be viewed as aha, we have, we have accountability here and there's a mistake made and I rectified it instantly. So do you think, I don't know, do you think it directly, That doesn't sound like Trump. Do you think it's directly then single gate?


I don't, no. I neither. I I think it's probably, and this is complete speculation, I do not have any inside information on this, but I think it's probably he's too neo Connie and the, the strong strain within MAGA right now is the more they call 'em the Restrainers. Yeah. The ones who are not hawks. They don't want us rushing into war with Iran. We had a long talk with Tucker Carlson about this the other day, not involving Mike Waltz, but Mike Waltz has got a long history in the Congress, which made him some people's darling and some people's foil on this front. He was always more NeoCon and he's got a very important post. And there was a report in the New York Times about a month ago saying, Tulsi, jd, Pete Hegseth and Susie Wiles, chief of staff for Trump, stopped him from getting on board that train as it was pummeling toward war with Iran on behalf of or con connection with Israel.


So who was on the other side? Who, who were the administration officials saying, let's do this what Netanyahu wants, like back them in bombing Iran or give them the bombs, or we'll do the bombs. The realistic truth was we were gonna have to participate very meaningfully in that bombing campaign. We would've been at war with Iran. So it would've been an enormous thing to do. And I I do wonder whether that played some role. Yeah. So like 99% of that, to be frank, it went right over my head. Like, oh, I I may have like been glazed over the thing. I know about that to single Gate. Yeah. Like I didn't even know, like I knew who he was, but the Signal gate's the one that caught my attention. Again, I think it's a delayed response. So I I your scenario of what you just laid out could make more sense.


I'm probably the wrong guy to be like, yeah. All right. That's it. Yeah, it could, it's possible. The signal gate to me was just, you can't, you can't have people to using Signal and, and basically sending, You know, war plans to reporters or their wife or any of that. So to me that was a fireable offense. So the Signal Gate, it may have played a role. We don't know. I mean here's what Mark Halperin said. When did this happen, by the way? Just now? It's happening right now. Like As I came in here. Yeah, you You didn't miss it. So Mark Halperin is part of our new NK media network, which I'd love to ask you about. 'cause you run a very successful media network and he had his first show on Tuesday and his second show is today. He also does a show on YouTube called Two-Way. And he broke this news earlier today.


Here's some of it with some more context. I believe SAT seven Three different people have confirmed that the plan now by the White House is to remove the national security Advisor, Mike Waltz, who was on Fox News this morning just about that long ago. And his deputy Alex Wong and, and much of the member current staff team at the National Security Council because of unhappiness throughout the national security establishment of how they're doing. This was around before Signal Gate. It was widely reported that Signal Gate, ironically may have saved Waltz's job, as I understand it from my sources, a general belief that they, it's not being run efficiently in an organized way. It may happen as early as today. It may not happen ever 'cause it's Donald Trump.


But the plan is for it to happen soon, maybe, maybe this weekend. So very interesting. He's saying they wanted to dump him before Signal Gate, but Trump didn't dump him after that. 'cause he didn't wanna look like he was being reactive to the nasty. Well, He'd be reactive. I feel like if he's not an who knows. I mean, I could see this still not happening. I feel like I see reports of things happening that never does and then they'll jump on and be like, shame on you media for reporting this. Yes. Yes. So who knows? I looked, I just looked at X It's the number one thing. Yeah. Shocking, I guess. But I'll believe it when I see Tim Waltz. Number one thing on Tim Wall, we're Definitely getting to that. Mike Waltz has left the chat. Like, is Is he your, is he your man speaker? Who? Tim. Tim Walls Do I?


No, he is not. He's just, what do you mean? What do you mean? My man speaker, You know how he said he came out yesterday and said he was the man that Kamala selected to speak to guys like you White Men of America. Well, that's crazy. I didn't see that. But no, he, he, he, he failed miserably in in that, in that realm. You Didn't connect with him in that way. Nobody connected with him. Nobody did. Here's what he said. Let's watch it though. We'll go from Mike Waltz. I can't believe he's still talking To Tim Wal here. Well, let's watch. I was on the ticket. I would argue because we did a lot of amazing progressive things in Minnesota that improve people's lives. But I also was on the ticket quite honestly, You know, 'cause I, I could code talk to white guys watching football, fixing their truck, doing that, that I could put them at ease.


I was the permission structure to say, look, you can do this and vote for this. And, and you look across those swing states, with the exception of Minnesota, we didn't get enough of those votes. But you Could be giving them permission on TV every day. You could have been messaging that way. And that isn't necessarily how it chuck out. Well, Yes, but I also said, I understand myself. I, I said I think I'll give you pretty good stuff, but I'll also give you 10% problematic. And so somebody's gotta make the decision here to handle some of this stuff and to make it in those are just decisions that were made. Well, that's delusional. I mean, that's wildly delusional. Right. I even thought that, I mean, I knew he had the, the, the football thing, but he doesn't speak to a normal guy. He doesn't act like a normal guy.


His mannerisms weren't like everyday guy. There was no part of him that connected to what a, a normal guy is talking about or interested. And, and by the way, normal guys can see through that pretty quickly when You're trying to play the normal guy, you're Not Yeah, I mean, I, I remember hearing that he was like a football coach, but even that was a strange coach. The, the story behind it. So it didn't really work out. And, and that that anybody by the way, with a brain could have screened him for five seconds, been like, this is the guy that would, I don't know who they have in the party by the way, that would've done that. But you could have screened him and anybody could have said that right away. But their problem is that is one of the problem with the Democrats. They Don't see that they're going to like the Pee Buttigieg of the world to say, is this a man that regular American men can relate to trying?


And he's like, yes, that's our guy. I'm trying to think who on the democratic side. I would be like, yeah, that, that, that's the guy that resonates. I Mean, you could, there's gotta be Something. You could run it by a man like James Carville. He's got the ability to say, yeah, that that's not gonna resonate with Middle America. The old Massachusetts Governor Baker, he was a, he was a pretty normal guy, normally went to the NCA, but I would say he, he was a normal speak to guy. So you don't think the jazz hands is like jazz Hands is not the thing. I mean, he had a lot of things going. He was one of the worst candidates. The whole ticket was bad. Yeah. That's why they lost. But yeah, that, that is, and that's not even a political thing. That's just, if you, if you asked if you just pulled a group of guys out of a bar and we're like, is this, are you gonna be friends with that guy?


Most would probably be like, no, we're not. So, and that was again, has nothing to do with politics. It's just the vibe he gave off. Yeah. Well, on top of all that, what does it say about the Democratic party that they thought the guy who would speak to white guys in America is the guy who mandated tampons in boys rooms throughout Minnesota. They're off the Democratic party is, is lost. So I don't, it's interesting because I never, I didn't even know that they were trying to speak to people like I guess me or, or our crowd, if you wanna say that's like who Trump spoke with. I didn't even know they were attempting to do that during the election.


That didn't seem like something they were interested in. So I didn't know he, that was why he was brought on to do that. Well, Remember he put on the camo hat and he did some video where he was gaming and apparently he stunk at it, but he went out and with a gun and was gonna go hunting. And it was very obvious to all Second Amendment people. He was not familiar with a gun. He couldn't load it. Yeah. I, I remember the one when I, I thought it was Kamala asked her what kind of gun she had and she didn't answer it correctly, but that's very politics 1 0 1, that's, I mean, all the way back. The mayor of Boston was called like Sammy Susa and all the wrong names. Did they Even I know that one. Yeah. They pretend to play a character that they're not, which I don't know where, who gives them that intel. I think people would much more respect.


If you don't pretend to be something you are not. Alright. But, But that's politics. So let's say they come to Dave Portnoy next time around and they're like, how do we reach regular guys and convince them to vote them? I mean, you, you can't demonize 'em. I would say like they, they're, and it's, they've been doing it for a long time. But if you're saying men, and when people are asking me that, I think they generally are talking like white middle class people working in financial districts. There's a shame that that comes across of saying you are in a frat. And by the way, not all frats are good, but wanting to make money, wanting to have a good job, wanting to spend money, be rich, all that stuff is not necessarily bad.


I think that has been a message that comes across like, American, yeah, we should be kind of ashamed of being a white guy that doesn't that, and I don't think what they fail to understand that doesn't discount that a white guy like me or any can care about a lot of the issues that Democrats care about. But I'm also not really gonna apologize for being like a, a white guy in this country who wants to have a good job, make money, go to college, do all those things. And that is a message that seemingly like you can't be both. They've never, like, I mean, Biden all the way through it, it felt like a lot of the issues that get blamed and problems in America is always like our fault. Yeah. And, And we don't want, Remember even when the black vote wasn't going as strongly for Kamala as the Dems wanted.


And Barack Obama showed up at that polling that campaign office and was like, you're a bunch of sexists. Yeah, That's, well, You know, and they've said it, the deplorables and Yeah, like, You know, the, they're, if you vote for Trump, there's, you're a Nazi and things like that. I dunno if that's exact, but things No, that's literally what's been said on Senate end by people like Don Lennon. And then it's like, well, You know, that's, you're talking about more than half the country. It's, it's clearly then you should move if you truly believe that. And, and that's the messaging that we've gotten from them. And, and somebody like me who I'm always in a weird box because I don't consider myself political, but I'm talking about more and more like I could easily take out the candidates.


I grew up in a democratic household. Same. My father I've said a million times hates Trump. I am somebody who you would think would vote Democrat. But as I got older, especially like running business and doing stuff, they just kept pushing me, pushing me, pushing me to the point this election, it, it wasn't like I wasn't wavering who I was gonna vote for. I was voting for Trump. And even I would still re-vote for Trump no questions asked. That's how much I hated the other ticket. You may not wanna see this, but Kamala Harris is also back in the news. And you tell me whether we dodged a bullet with this woman where she took to the stage last night at this group that's pushing to get more females involved in Democrat politics running for office.


And here's how she sounded. So I heard about this. Watch it, you'll enjoy. In fact, please allow me friends to digress for a moment. Okay? It's kind of dark in here, but I'm asking a show of hands who saw that video from a couple of weeks ago? The one of the elephants at the San Diego Zoo during the earthquake. What is she laughing at? Google it. Well, yeah, this is So that scene has been on my mind. Everybody's asking me what you been thinking about these days? Well, Thank God. Yeah. The the the Hold on. She's almost there. So every video, for Those who haven't seen it here, those elephants were, and as soon as they felt the earth shaking beneath their feet, they got in a circle and stood next to each other to protect the most vulnerable.


Think about it. What a powerful metaphor. The lesson is, don't don't scatter. The instinct has to be to immediately find and connect with each other and to know that the circle will be strong. Oh my God. Well, yeah, that was a lot more of our campaign speak in which she sent a whole lot of, lot of something, but really not saying anything. Yep. And also the moral superiority, which even in that comes through is another, like the way they lecture and they're, I don't like politicians in general.


Like I, I think probably if you had a hundred politicians room, maybe like two are like truly in it for the right reasons. But the moral superiority when, when, like what they did in the election, which it, it, the way they all lied about Biden is mental health for, for years. And then they waited. So there's no tr like she would never win and well, she'd never won election, but she would never win a fair primary. It's a dem. That to me was their biggest mistake because who knows who could have come out of that. But it, it's lecturing people like they're, they're angels. Like they're perfect. They know, they know better than anybody. Like what's best for you and, and that we're stupid because we see what the Democratic party does.


And that's, it's just such a turnoff and say whatever you want about Trump, the, and and people may say other, I, I feel like he's him and, and like even with these tariffs and stuff, like he campaigned on tariffs. Yeah. He was clear. So then to be like, what do you do with these tariffs? And I'm like that because I'm in the stock market. It's like I want my stocks to go up. But it's like he said he was gonna do it at least. So they're just, if you did authentic and took the Democrats and the Republicans, to me, it's not even close. And that's part of how I end up voting Republican. She's so annoying in her mannerisms with her little hands in tight and the, she starts giggling at her own thought. What she's saying is not even purportedly funny.


There's nothing at all funny. There's no joke coming. She's just giggling at her own little aside. She's not A great public speaker. No. The only time it gets funny is when she lands her point and you realize there's nothing there. Yeah. And she's built it up like this huge profundity only to let us down. Once Again. I don't even know what she's doing. What she, is she running for what? The governor of California Now We don't know. She's weighing either that or another presidential run. That's Crazy. They'd never do that. I don't throw, well, I'd never say never. I've Been a very good person this year. It's possible. Lord, the Lord will give this to Me. See, maybe, maybe. Well, they a OC aren't they saying her? Yes. I just think that Like The party still loves her. They have no chance to win if she wants. I completely agree, no chance. But there are some people out there.


Oh gosh. I, I don't know if I'm gonna be able to find it, but there are people out there talking about her right now. Like behind the scenes, an off record. They don't wanna put their name to it about how, You know, she's really formidable. Like the the party really needs to hear they're, they're, they have a hankering to hear from her. Hold on a second. I have The word they use hankering. No, they say here it is clamoring. There is a clamoring for her voice right now. Said a former Harris senior advisor. Meanwhile I'm like, is he named Pug Clem Hoff? Like don't, this is clearly like her husband or somebody very close to her and they say 'cause they were granted anonymity to speak candidly. Candidly. Yeah. Meaning really falsely quote, no one can better prosecute the case while inspiring a call to action than the former vice president.


Well what you, I mean we already, we already went down that road. Are they just saying she didn't have enough time or something and you can't get over the fact she knew that Biden wasn't fit to be president. Just lied about it. I mean, you can't get, I don't know. It it, it would be crazy, but they're already nuts to me on who they put forward. So we're already in crazy town. Yeah. With these people. Do it again would be insane. I mean that's the exact opposite of what we were just discussing. Like how do they get, You know, the the typical mail vote. I mean that's the opposite. That's not gonna do it. So I mentioned the top that I sat down with Tulsi Gabbard last night And we had a, a bunch of discussions that were really interesting I thought. And It's quite the, quite the move going from her to me.


And Then blonde origin. I mean it's been that kind of a week, Dave. Yeah. But here's, here's one thing I wanted to pick up on that we started the show off with like this push to get us into another war with Iran by these forces behind the scenes. And I'm not blaming that on Mike Wallace. That was just speculation on my point that maybe some perceive him as on that side. But she did speak to 'cause she's anti all that, that's one of the reasons Trump, Trump chose her. And I was asking her like, do you feel it? Do you feel like people pushing you towards, You know, all all things military, all things war. And here's what she said in Sat too. There was a New York Times article within the past month saying you he, JD Vance and his chief of staff, Susie Wiles were all together in urging him to not go too far on our actions against Iran again.


And President Trump did not do it. He did not give net nhu the answer he wanted. I know you're not gonna get into the specifics of what you advise the president, but can you, can you explain your view of the dangers of barreling toward a potential conflict with Iran? Yeah, the, the, the New York Times article was a result of an unfortunate, unauthorized and illegal leak of, of a very private conversation between the president and his advisors. I won't get into the details, but it was a very robust discussion that really speaks to President Trump's care and thoughtfulness as he makes his decisions.


Do you feel the push tulsi the push Of this like strong NeoCon strain that's still within the Republican party and probably in this agent, these agencies that's much more hawkish on an issue including war in the Middle East, which we've just done for 20 years. Yeah, of course the pressure's there, the leaks have to end. If the president can't have the confidence that he can sit in a room with his closest advisors without it leaking to the public, then that that is something that really undermines his being best served. So she's talking about Dave, how they sat there.


She basically confirming in a private meeting with just the president, with those officials by name, with the vice president, with the director of National Intelligence, with the Secretary of Defense and his chief of staff. And what she's saying without being explicit about it, is then she believes none of them leaked. But then they have to talk to their staffs about what happened and what needs to happen. And at that top, top level, someone's leaking to the New York Times and in saying how are they supposed to function like this? Yeah. You gotta start planting fake stories. Yeah. Right. You Gotta do that and and weed it out. I mean that would drive me insane. Any that would drive anybody, regardless of whether it's the president of the United States.


Obviously different table stakes, but any CEO any leader, you can't have that. Yeah, I like that idea. Yeah, you gotta do that. They do that in some, like what, what movie did they do that in? Where they plant like a face, a fake piece of gossip and see who bites Is it? You narrow it down. Right? You would narrow it down Something juicy that they Go with. Yeah. Just do it one with each of those departments if that's where they think it came from. Yeah. I hope they're watching, I'm gonna make sure they see this. Gotta do it. It's a very good idea. Yeah. Because it's happening to Tulsi, it's happening to Trump. Yep. It's obviously happening to Hegseth where like bit by bit they're undermining the whole administration with these leaks and Like, or maybe he's just sending it on his single chat. Right. That also opens, You know, she said point back and be like, well you guys are idiots and you're, you're texting reporters by accident.


She also told me that the Biden administration used Signal and she said without naming them, she said some of the very exact officials who are dumping on us for being on a signal chat, she was one of the ones use signal and she has proof of it. Well that's the most unsurprising like comment ever. Yeah. I mean they could have sent it to that same reporter in the Atlantic and he wouldn't have said anything. That's right. That's so true. But you very much don't wanna send it to somebody, You know, openly hates your guts then. Yeah. So yeah, then you're gonna Have have to live With it. You're you're telling me it's they're they're being hypocrites. That's not surprising to me at All. Not surprising at all. Here she is a little bit more on these leaks coming administration. Me too. Here's so three, You've referred three people now to DOJ for criminal prosecution.


Do you think they will be prosecuted? That's the goal. That's the goal. The only about accountability is by doing the work of, of conducting these investigations, the Department of Justice and the FBI obviously have different tools that they can use in order to, to find the truth and to, to seek out that evidence so that we can actually prosecute these crimes. Do the people know they've been Referred? Like are they, do they still work Here? In some cases? In some cases they know. In other cases they are likely not aware. I mean that's kind of badass frankly. 'cause what she's doing is she's not telling everybody that she like I know it was you Fredo. Right. She's letting Fredo just continue.


Yeah. Trust Scare 'em. And then the next call they get is gonna be from somebody saying the DOJ is here or the FBI is here Right. To arrest you. They did it differently over at the Department of Defense where Pete or his team, his investigators investigated these leaks and then fired three guys who immediately went to the media. Right. Including your stru to say we're not the leakers. Right. None has been arrested. We don't know whether they will be arrested. They all deny they did it. I have to say as between the two, this is probably the better course because it's like they're not twisting in the wind as leakers who can speak out about it. They're in cuffs by the time we learn their names. Yeah. I mean it can't be, obviously it, it's a major crime at that level to be leaking information.


And it's also the like the last thing they should be worrying with. Like they're running the government. That's the thing. It's, I mean, to be worrying about internal leaks seems like there should be a better use of time, but you can't ignore it. That's the thing that, that it's so undermining. Yeah. All one other point, point on Tulsi, where were you on like the Covid lockdowns and the Overreach by Fauci and all that stuff. So I was very much on the side of you gotta let small businesses decide whether they want to stay open or not. Like we're all kind of adults here and if you want to be open or I, so I hated the lockdowns. We, we started a, a gigantic like fund for companies that were shut down. We raised like $50 million.


That's right. And We covered that actually. Yeah. So we were very much trying to help small businesses who were basically going outta business through no fault of their own. What do you think of fou? Fauci? I mean, you, I I see all the stuff that says he is a criminal. He should go to jail. He hit it. I haven't delved enough. I mean I, my knee jerk reaction on the guy when I see him is I actually find him to be believable when he, like he's speaking on camera, but you see all this stuff. So I won't convict him without any hard evidence. You may be like, well, I have hard evidence. But I think the whole lockdown thing was handled horribly Well. I asked her about it. This is one of the first things we covered and I think it was probably the biggest piece of news to come outta the interview.


Well, let's watch the exchange and then I'll fill in the blanks here. It's, We already know that EcoHealth Alliance was partnering with this Wuhan lab to create, to do gain and function research. That's right. We just have never been able to have somebody say it. And it was that exact experiment that led to this Covid bug. But it have, have we gotten there? What's the new thing that you're digging in on? We, we are, we are working on that with Jay Charya. I mean that would be extraordinary because just so the audience knows if that's true, if it was Peter DA's research with the Wuhan so-called Fat Lady that caused this pandemic, then we did fund it then Anthony Fauci helped fund the pandemic, was in charge of things that he denied over and over and over to Senator Rand Paul's questioning That's right.


Under oath. It it, it, and under oath. Exactly. So it is, is it any wonder that he sought a preemptive pardon for anything during a certain period of time by President Biden before he left office? That's the director of National Intelligence clearly intimating that they're about to tie Anthony Fauci and this group EcoHealth Alliance that he funded Yep. To the actual Covid virus. Yeah. Which is insane. So then what is this a giant coverup that or I like? Yes. Yeah. So that's, that's crazy. That's That's huge. That's a link We've never been able to close. We've been able to close. We funded EcoHealth Alliance, they partnered with the Wuhan lab.


They did gain of function research on back coronaviruses, but we've never been able to make the leap to, and it resulted in this Yeah. Coronavirus. And that's what she says. She's intimating is about to come. Yeah. It's crazy if that's and and If that's true, he lied under oath repeatedly. Yeah. He and he needed that pardoned. I mean, everybody got pardoned pretty much by Biden. Right? Like for the most part. But I mean, the fact that the guy running this huge piece of NIH was perjuring himself, allegedly, we'll find out to the point where it wasn't just a courtesy Pardon? To prevent harassment. Like he actually may have committed felonies here.


It is insane. Is huge the way like my, yeah, it, it's crazy. Again, I was very anti lockdowns. I didn't like fauci. I criticized Fauci. I maybe my gut reaction whenever I see the guy isn't, he doesn't scream arch criminal to me, but maybe I'll be wrong. Like does he give you those vi 100% He does. Yes. So he is a super villain to you. Yes. Like he's the super villain that you don't know is the supervi till the end of the movie. Yeah. Well, I mean, in the middle of the movie it became obvious, but yes. I I hate him with the passion of 10,000 sons. I think he's completely dishonest. All He, he, he didn't intent. You're not saying he intentionally launched Covid, you're saying Don't think he want no intent.


I'm doing research want and no one's suggesting that the Intel community, no one's saying That. And then it happens and then he's like, oh crap, I gotta do this giant. And he's happens to be the, like the guy who's publicly speaking about it. So it's basically two different things. He launched it, created it, I shouldn't say launched, created inadvertently, but he's also the guy who's gonna be in charge of controlling it. And then you got this, he's basically running interference to keep himself from being the guy the entire time. Bingo. Yeah. It's, it's, it literally is a sci-fi movie. And at the same time, we know from his internal emails that the house Republicans got at the time, well a couple years after the, the Covid mania, that he was actively working to smear doctors who were coming out saying, this thing looks like it came from a lab.


Yeah. We, we've never seen this particular virus before in nature. This looks lab made. And he was all over the place. Like tamp that down, get that out there. That's fringe. That's he made sure that narrative couldn't live. It. It would, it it's, it's an insane full, full, and maybe I'm just naive and thinking like You still trust the officials. I I don't trust a lot of officials. He just comes across as like a grandpa to me. You've gotta spend some time with my husband Doug, because I am terrible at judging character. I'm, I'm always like, see I feel like I'm pretty good and my Husband's really good and he's always onto people before I am. But even I saw it with Fauci Was was he onto Yeah, he, yes, he knew he was bad.


I don't know. I think some people just have a knack for this. I I'm usually like, they're good. What do you mean? You know, I mean Trump didn't, no, Yeah, no. He was under Trump. Yeah, yeah. For the, for the beginning, for the actual peak of He getting along. Like he's he's doing a great job. Yep. I know that was one of Trump's failures. I mean, a lot of Republicans blame him for a vaccine that wound up hurting a lot of people too. Trump stands by the vaccine, but it's got some problems. There's no question. Yeah. I I didn't know that people blamed him for that. I mean that the vaccine was a way to theoretically open up the country. You they wouldn't open it up without that. So. Well That's what people who don't live in places like New York don't get is like, I lived in New York. Yeah. And this is going down and it's like you couldn't go anywhere. No nowhere. I, that's when I moved to Miami. Like I, during the covid I was in New York, moved to Miami.


I basically stayed there. You you were like a hostage in your own apartment if you didn't get the damn vaccine. Well, I regret it though. I wish I had gotten one of the fake cards. That was such the obvious solution. I, I'm like a two a, a goodie, two shoes. I don't know why I didn't do it. I was fake card city shit. You know, I duh Well, you just did it yourself. Or like Well, I, I luckily I work in a media company. I, I still don't know. That's how afraid I am. The one I'm like, ah, I never had it. But yeah, I just said we have graphics team, so we just got a copy of the actual card and made fakes. You know, my doctor said to me at the time, I'm like, what do, what should I be worried about these mRNA vaccines? And he goes, would you take the mRNA vaccine if it could prevent pancreatic cancer? Because that's a future. Which was a don't be worried. Yeah. And so I was like, oh yeah, I trust my doctor.


You know, so I did it and I regret doing it. I wasn't so much worried. It is just like, I don't wanna do it. It I'll, I'll get the card. I was worried there was rumors at one point that they were gonna start scanning the barcodes, in which case You would've been caught. The Fake would've no longer worked. But yeah, I was traveling and working in a lot of places. You, you could have, but no one looked at it closely. It's like, whoop boop boop boop. Yeah. It's like, I know. It's all very easy. Okay. On the subject of the Kamala Harris soundbite where she said, we've gotta be like the elephants to protect the most, the most vulnerable. Right. The most vulnerable. He, he, he, the, the larger context of her remarks are about illegal immigration and what's being done right now to deport these alleged gang members.


What's so insane is they are not the most vulnerable. We are the most vulnerable, in particular women and children who tend to be the victims of these gang members. People like and Riley down in Georgia, like Jocelyn Nagarro, 12-year-old down in Texas. We've seen the names in, in the media. Those are the most vulnerable. That's what Trump is trying to do to protect the innocent Americans that are the prey of these people who are being deported. And I did ask tulsi about the screening that's being done. 'cause the Democrats would have you believe it's willy-nilly, right? It's like you've got brown skin and, and the wrong tattoo. You're out. And she explained that they are identifying these Trenda UA and MS 13 and even Sinaloa cartel members, largely with the help of the DEA, which is up to its neck in gang information 5 0 1.


They know who these guys are. They track them, they monitor them. You know, all it needed was for somebody to call 'em up and say, who are they? Right? And where are they? And figure out which ones are foreign. They're not all foreign and which ones are American. And on top of that, they have lengthy FBI investigations of these people. So I thought that was interesting too, that it's, it is not just like, gee, you're brown, you're out. But there was news about their most famous pace poster boy Abrego Garcia Kilmore Abrego Garcia yesterday. You know, the one who Chris Van, van Holland had margaritas with. It turns out this guy we knew that he had been accused of beating his wife by his wife. Well, the a second report came out of the same more beatings in which she saw a protective order, not just as previously reported in 2021.


But earlier in August of 2020, she moved for a protective order. Back then the details reveal a fight they had with this woman. His wife alleging that he took her phone, demanded her car, she keys before flying into a rage. She went upstairs to cook breakfast for the kids. But he shut off the stove, locked the children in their bedroom. They were crying. She got her phone from the car called nine one one. He locked her outta the house. He smashed her phone. She checked the boxes for acts of abuse, including kicking, slapping, shoving mental injury of a child, detaining against one's will. She could hear the babies crying as he locked them in. And he was after her, me and my kids are afraid now. He kicked me, he pushed me. He slapped me in the face. He threatened me.


I have photos of all the bruises left in my body. Police came, he acted violent with them, broke my phone in front of them. I have a recording. He told my ex-mother-in-law that even if he kills me, no one can do anything to him. In March of 2020, we now find out. She said he pushed me against a wall. He broke a phone, a TV and damaged the walls. November of 19, he grabbed me by the hair in the car. December of 19, he grabbed me by the hair in the car. He dragged me outta the car, leaving me in the street. And then she rescinded the motion for the protective order as virtually all domestic violence. Yep. Abuse victims do. And on top of that, there's another document from 2018 where her ex, so this is Abrego Garcia's wife now, but in 2018, his girlfriend.


Yep. She had an ex-husband, his name is Edwin Trejo Ramos. He's currently incarcerated in Lin. This is all a very nice crowd. But he at the time sought an emergency court hearing to get custody of his children with this woman saying she tried to kill herself. She left the kids with an 11-year-old to take care of them. And I'm afraid of my kids' lives being in danger because she's dating a gang member who was at that time. We understand Abrego Garcia. So this is the poster boy, the most vulnerable Kamala Harris might say. Yeah. So in in this case in particular, to me, in a weird way, crystallizes some of like what I go through with like the politics because I actually get to a degree the Democrat now, not him.


And this is where I go on this like for the Democrats and the guy from Maryland to, to fly down and meet with him and then make this guy the poster child, which I think most intelligent people can be like, this is a bad guy. He's not a citizen. I have no problem. I want him out. Yeah. Yeah. I that that, that is what we want outta this country. And it doesn't matter the color of your skin if you're not a, an American citizen and you have this rap in this track record And you've been deported. Yeah. Like he Had an order of removal. They just said just not to El Salvador Now. So I agree with all that. So it it, to me, when I saw the, the Maryland guy going to, I'm like, why? Why is this guy the guy you're gonna take a stand for and fight for? Because we don't like he's a bad guy.


But at the same time, I can all that research, I can understand it. Even with something like this, if you hit a thou, you gotta hit, you gotta bat a thousand if you're gonna pick somebody and deport them. And if you just pick the wrong guy once with no due process, nothing. That's a major issue. Like you append somebody, I don't even care you, it, it say they're an illegal, but they're like a great person and they're actually contributing to me just picking 'em up, getting rid of them, that I'd have a problem with that. So, but you, You want 'em to have a hearing Something due process. So where is that the fact, like there, I'm not sympathizing with Democrats or the guy from Maryland because you, you are using the poster child of what Trump ran on And we want him out.


How, And he got a hearing. Yes, he got a hearing be when we deported him the first time. But when you're doing it mass after, you just can't ever make a mistake. So I understand that logic a little bit. Just not with this guy. No. You're reflecting the view of most Americans according to the latest polls where they are in favor of Trump's plan, but they do wanna see some due Practice and it's hard. And how do you do that with so many people? And without, so not one of the things about politics, it's not always the easiest thing to come up with like an answer because you gotta run a country and it's backed up. So what would happen? But I do it the Democrats constantly like, okay, this is an issue. I sort of the logic behind it.


But you're not being sincere when this is your poster child because take out politics, there's nobody, you see this story a lot. All right, you can do this, you can go meet with him. Do you want him to be your next door neighbor? Like Right. Do you want him to be your next door neighbor or do you want him outta the country? If that was it, you're either living next door or he's deported everybody. Do you, do you want him on the trail when you're 18-year-old daughter goes for a run by yourself. Exactly. And and that is not, that's based on his rap sheet. Nothing more in the gang stuff. So that's where they lose me because it's the the find me a way to make sure we can get a hundred percent. But that guy is a hundred percent based on the on, on the, the rap sheet and why this is where they put their flag in the, in the mud and be like, when, When the only dispute about this guy is the fact that he technically wasn't supposed to be deported to El Salvador, but he was ruled deportable.


Yeah. The only reason he wasn't deported is because we were lame. We didn't have the resources And we didn't do it. Which is the truth for 20 million illegals. The only controversial piece about this guy is that his or order of removal said just not to El Salvador. 'cause he's claiming he'll get killed by gangs there. That's it. That's what they've thrown their lot behind. I do wanna get to the larger issue though. You're, you're right. Over the target how Americans are struggling with, well what, what is required? Because we know there was no due process when they came into the country for us. Right? Yeah. When it comes to our rights to be safe and not have to put them on the public doll and pay for their lives and their me their healthcare and all this. However, here's the thing. They don't get the same due process as an American citizen would before we took away their liberty in any way.


Whether it's for trying to deport them for some reason or putting them through the criminal justice system. And what appears to be true in the, in the immigration context, what is true is it's a much lower level of due process that they're entitled to. And what most people don't know, including Terry Moran, who is one of the lead anchors over at a, B, C, and I'm gonna show you the so soundbite of him and Trump, is that in many cases no due process is okay. None. It's under this thing called expedited removal. Right. Which all presidents have used Trump expanded expedited removal and you don't get any hearing under it. It was used even under Biden to say at the border.


Okay. If there's, if you show up, we can just turn you around. Yeah. We don't have to give you a hearing. Yeah. And the only reason you, the only way you get a hearing is if you say, no, no, no, I'm an asylum seeker. Right. And that's true under Trump too. But let me just show you Terry Moran because who clearly has wade in to legal matters that he does is not qualified to speak on. 'cause he tried understanding what I just explained to be the law. Watch him try to pin down Trump and Trump. I I'm telling you, Trump is a clever mofo just when you think he's like focused on like the UFC and like his polls, he knows the nuances even of laws like this. Watch where he dodges on this attempt to pin him down.


He knows about expedited removal. He knows about the lower standard on due process. And he doesn't allow Terry Moran one inch. It's SAT nine. Do you acknowledge that under our law, every single person who gets deported gets a hearing first to make their case. Well, are we talking about people that are citizens of our country or not? No, you're not deporting citizens at this point. Well, let me ask you, did they get hearings when bi, when Biden allowed 21 million? 'cause I think the number is 21 20 million people to flow into our country yet. But the law, did we give them a hearing when they came in? Well, The law requires that every single person who is going to be deported gets a hearing first.


No. Well, do you acknowledge It? I I'll have to ask the lawyers about that. All I can say is this, if you are gonna have 21 million people And we have to get a lot of 'em out there, the law is give 20. Sir. The law, the law and your the law doesn't said anything about trials. No, not Trials. Hearings. I said Hearings. And these people came in. They're not citizens. They came in illegally, they came into our country illegally. And we have to get 'em out. There's A legal process for That. I can't Sure. And we follow the legal process. I can't, I can't have a trial, a major trial for every person that came in illegally. We have thousands of murderers that came in. Right. So we have to get 'em out And we have to 'em out fast. Really bad guys. But in our country, even bad guys get due process.


Right. If people come into our country illegally, there's a different standard. These are illegal. They came in illegally, but they get due process. Well, they get a process where we have to get 'em out. Trump was right with every word. Yeah. Terry Moran was in the wrong, I don't know whether he's a lawyer or not. I am, I practiced law for 10 years and covered the Supreme Court for three. It is not true that everybody gets a hearing. It is not the law. Just Google, go, go ahead and don't take my word Google expedited Removal. To me, it's not even necessarily a legal issue. It it, it, it becomes a little bit for me, a human issue in the sense of I get it, they came in the country illegally.


That but that's our fault. That's our fault to a degree for not having the right setup. And if I'm having a horrible life somewhere else, and I know I can get into this country, and it's like, well the guys before me, they, they were wrong. Like they, they they set this up and you, you didn't get in fairly and, and you've been living a very productive life here and you've made the most of it to upend it and send. And I'm not saying that's what we're going through. That just goes back to my, you better be right. Like, and and I, I'm not saying I'm, that's the legal, like we, they Trump may have every legal argument to be like, sorry, you're gone. But reversing time to be like, well you shouldn't have gotten in here.


And even though you came for the right reasons, the American dream and all this stuff, now you're gone because the last guy shouldn't, that's where I get. So you just gotta be right. Get rid. Like, and I don't know how to do it because he is right. The trials, the time, all of it. And it's just a moral issue that I wrestle with a little bit. I hear you. I'm I'm definitely further to the right than you are on it. But I totally get your point. I'll also say that that's, this is another reason why Trump is using the Alien Enemies Act. Because under the Alien Enemies Act, the amount of due process one would get before being ejected is down to its most minuscule level. Yeah. And even the Supreme Court intimated that the first time it looked at this saying some level of due process, they, they, they clearly understand it's not going to be as robust as the A CLU wants it to be.


And even full circle to the original, the the guy, the the gang guy who got El Salvador Garcia hearing how I feel, you just heard me. You're like, well, I'm more right than you are. The way they've treated that guy has once again pushed me. Right. It's like, that's who I want outta the country. And if you're gonna fight that, well, like you're losing somebody who theoretically get is more maybe center almost leftish. But I want those people outta the country. So to, for the Democrats to again, make a circus and just political this, oh, what are you doing going to meet with this guy? Like, yeah. That, that's what drives me crazy. And Yet you didn't go and and meet with the family of Rachel Morin who was killed in your state and they're not standing by a different illegal Yeah, that's you didn't, here is Steven Miller took to the White House podium yesterday and spoke about the Jocelyn Nari case, which I met the 12-year-old girl in Texas and just ripped it.


Watch Most of your papers never covered her story when it happened to the extent that you covered it at all. It was because President Trump forced you to cover it by highlighting it repeatedly over and over again. He had to shame you into covering it. And each and every one of you decides over and over again with these MS 13 terrorists to the extent that you have the financial means to do so. You all choose to live in condos or homes or houses as far away from these kinds of gang bangers as you possibly can. If I offered any one of you a rent-free home with no taxes to pay in any of these gang neighborhoods. And I said, your neighbors are Ms. Ting terrorists or Mexican mafia or Sinaloa cartel or trained ua.


I couldn't pay you to live there. But yet you with your coverage, are trying to force innocent Americans to have these people as their neighbors. And that one day their daughter may be abducted from their home and raped and murdered. So you're not gonna get an ounce of sympathy from this administration or President Trump for the terrorists who've invaded our homes in our country. He's so good. Yeah. I mean they, it's a fair point. I did that soften you at all. I'm so with him on that. No, That that was, goes back to when I said I I If you said they're your neighbor, there's a lot there. There's a lot of hypocritical. It's easy when you're sitting in your white ivory tower to say, You know, your idealistic world of way. You want the world to exist. But when the rubber meets the road, they would probably privately say a lot of different things.


Yeah. Or do different things That Rachel Moran's mom was talking about, how she went for a jog on a trail that they always walked together. It wasn't like some risky trail. It wasn't the dark of night. It was during the day. They'd done it a thousand times together as a family. It's like our way of life is actively being changed, corrupted, actu ruined, and her mom's life is changed forever. Totally. Right. By these people. And so it's like, I ha have to tell you, I have like zero empathy. And I'm sorry that the ones who came, even though it was illegal and didn't hurt anybody, but like actually tried to like blend in and, and get jobs, have gotta go too. But they do.


I think they all have got to go. And then if they go, Trump has said, if you go now, come back. You could come back in. But if you just, if you stay and then we find out that you overstayed, you're never coming back into the country and, and then, and then you're in serious trouble. Okay. I gotta take you a quick break. Be right back. Dave's with us for the whole show.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling, you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on-campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal and professional goals. There's the NCAA tournament, which they're in again this year with over 340 academic programs. As of September of 24, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


Lift off When zero gravity resulted in zero clue. Have you been, have you been Three women were brave enough to answer the call tomorrow. Special coverage of the launch of Blonde Origin Tomorrow on the Megan Kelly Show. How far will we go for troll? Don't forget, tomorrow's the big day where we will show you the world premiere of our film.


Now that we've been with special guest Tars, who you will know very well and will thoroughly enjoy. Welcome back to the Megan Kelly Show everyone here with me today. Dave Portnoy, president and founder of Barstool Sports, otherwise known as El pte, Katie Perry, among others. Rece receiving major backlash, not, not for taking the flight, but for how they behaved afterward. Like they actually were Alan Shepherd, Neil Armstrong. And so she's come out to say she's feeling battered and bruised by the backlash via variety, that the internet is a dumping ground for unhinged and unhealed people.


But she has resolved Dave to keep looking to the light because she doesn't want to be further damaged by these unhealed people. She's right. The internet is filled with unhinged lunatics. But when you do this little outer space mission, that can happen. And, and I'm not gonna like lose my sleep worrying about Katy Perry's feelings, but she is Right. It's filled with unhinged lunatics. It Is. But those are not the ones who are attacking her. I mean No, I'm sure she's getting at all sides and I'm not, again, like whatcha gonna do To me. It's just so, it's just right on brand to go up there and act like you're Alan Shepherd. And then when people are like, would you calm down? You took a vanity flight to outer space thanks to Jeff Bezos. Yeah. That costs a million dollars a seat.


Yeah. And stop saying, Gayle King, have you been Literally no one's Ben. It costs a million dollars. Shut up. And then when people have that reaction to you to act like, I will not be bruised by you broken people, I will go toward the just stop talking. Just stop. But somebody like that is so outta touch with like reality, because they've been a star and big. I, I feel like if you get a celebrity like that, what one or two is gonna have any grounded in any reality. They're living in like a fantasy world. So nothing is real. I'm actually surprised the internet can actually get to them. I didn't know what they on x checking like comments. That surprised me a little bit almost certainly. Yeah. So that, that is a little surprising. But yeah, there, there you get to a level of coddled superstar status where you just lose track of reality.


Got outta Space. We, we have some news on Meghan Markle, which we'll get to in just a bit. Okay. I wanna do some sports with you too, but before we leave hard news, 'cause Yeah, Katie Perry's hard news, but I, I forgot to mention this thing about Pete Hegseth. So there's been a lot of speculation that he's gonna go Mike Walsh for those just joining us is reportedly out as National Security Advisor along with his top de deputy Alex Wong, a man who's been at underneath him there since he was sworn in. And some others too. You heard Mark Halburn reporting that it's gonna be a lot of the staff that there's reportedly disarray over there. We don't know what the full story is, but we will. So there's speculation about whether Pete Hegseth is gonna be forced out as Secretary of Defense. And I wanted to say this, so I love Mark Halburn and he's been doing great and as a new podcast.


But he reported yesterday on Hegseth and there was a bit of information in there involving yours truly. And I want to speak to it. So watch this Pete Hegseth. Okay. The, the stories about him, there's still some ambiguity about the facts, but people in MAGA pretend there's not a problem. And he's done a very good job of playing by the rules that the president expects of being aggressive. What I can report here today is that his, his standing in the administration is not as solid as some people believe. And it's the president and the White House pres secretary have tried to signal, there are people at the senior most levels of this administration, not counting the president necessarily, but the senior most levels under him who believe that the next time Pete Hegseth makes a mistake or is exposed to have made a mistake, he needs to go.


And there are already plans underway to figure that out. Now what are the public clues to that? Because MAGA has been pretty supportive of Pete Hegseth two people who are part of the very strong outside support group of the president, Tucker Carlson and Megan Kelly here at the Megan Kelly network. They've both now done interviews with the, the, the, the, the advisors who were forced out of their Pentagon jobs and who both have said things about Pete Heg said that are not fully supportive. They like him, they're close to him, but they both have made it clear that they see real problems in his governance, in his stewardship at the Pentagon. That's a clue. And I keep being pointed to that clue by folks to say, if two allies of the president and two people very close to Pete Het, Megan and Tucker are doing these interviews, something is afoot.


Okay. Fair enough. I understand why people are making that calculation. Are Are you in that category? You're the very public strong. Are you like, Yeah, I'm a I'm a friend of Pete's and I supported his nomination and that what they were trying to do to him and Trump and Trump's Yeah. Yeah. Trump too. Totally. But I just wanna say, in my case, I can't speak for Tucker, but that's not true. Like I in no way put on Colin Carroll, one of the fired accused leakers. He denies being one completely in an effort to undermine Pete or get rid of Pete or because I, my MAGA connections or sensitivities are telling me Pete's teetering and I'm trying to push him over the edge. It totally not the case at all. I'm just a news person.


And they actually came to me and asked me if they could come on. Originally it was all three of them, and then two of 'em got not tapped on the shoulder by their lawyers, which I understand, but Colin was like, I'm doing it. So I'm like, fine. Great. I mean, I, I'll interview Pete, I'll interview the guy Pete fired. I'll interview pretty much anybody wanna put in front of me unless I have a personal loathing for them. So just to make it clear that no one should be reading anything into what I know or what I want based on the fact that I interviewed. Oh, you had a pretty big one. Eight, they just publicly like last week, weren't they? Like it's all, there's no, all the rumors are fault. And he's in great standing. Yeah. Well, and even Trump in that Terry Moran interview, he spoke to, well you tell me what you think of how he answered the question on Pete.


You've got it Deb. And we will watch it here. 11. You said the other day that you had a talk with the secretary. Did you take him to the woodshed? I had a talk with him and whatever I said, I probably wouldn't be inclined to tell you, but we had a good talk. He's a talented guy. He's young, he's smart, highly educated, and I think he's gonna be a very good defense. Hopefully a great defense secretary, but he'll be a very good defense secretary. You have a hundred Percent confidence in I Have a hundred percent confidence in anything. Okay. Anything. Do I have? A hundred percent? It's a stupid question. Look, it's a pretty important position I have.


No, no, no. You don't have a hundred percent. Only a liar would say, I have a hundred percent confidence. I don't have a hundred percent confidence that we're gonna finish this interview. That that, that to me was by the way, that's why like people like Trump, the way he answered that. But he definitely took him to the woodshed. Yeah. He definitely took him to the woodshed and probably said, if you embarrass me or the administration on a major level one more time, you're gone. I don't want to, I think he likes him and does not want to get rid of him. Yeah. But he's clear like, y you're out a you're strike two has happened. I think that would be the vibe of the conversation. I think that's fair. Yep, that's fair. And That's a fair way by the way to, to talk to somebody.


Yeah. Like if you, I've had to fire people at Barstool who I like, and, but if you're just dumb and you keep screwing up, I'm not gonna lose sleep over your incompetence as much as I want to keep you. I'm not saying that's Pete, but I'm saying As a, as a leader, At some point, it doesn't matter your personal feelings, if you keep screwing up, you gotta go. What will get you fired at Barsol? You really have to, you have to try. You really have to be super, super dumb. Very few things. Like we recently teetered, there was a big news story, like there was a vicious rumor of a old miss, like co-ed slept with her. Her boyfriend's dad went crazy viral, I remember.


Yes. Crazy viral. We had an idiot who talked about it as though it was fact. I knew it wasn't fact right away. I actually thought we were keeping it off. But we posted it for seven minutes, gets us in all sorts of trouble. This kid's a moron. Shut out Nicky smokes. No redeemable value really to us, but I do like him. And he like tries hard. He is just dumb. That almost got him fired. Oh my Gosh. He was working for you and you're talking about him like this, this is Well, that's The truth. This is somebody who you state who you kept. Yeah. He works for us. You know, it's good to be benevolent on a big mistake though, because if you can be Yes. You'll never do something like that again. Well, Unless you're so stupid that you can't prevent it despite your best. Right, right. Like, we're not hiring the Secretary of Defense.


These are, we're we're barsol sports, we're blogging, talking sports. So sometimes, You know, intelligence isn't necessarily the top requirement for us. Okay. It's being entertaining. I got it. Fair enough. Fair enough. Well, it's a world that's very foreign to me. Very foreign to me. So you're gonna have to walk me through our next two segments here. Okay. We gotta talk about Bill Belichick. You ripped him. Okay. I, I mean, I thought it was elder abuse. I like, honestly, what I saw there was Dr. Jill had Dr. Jill vibes, this overly aggressive younger partner who's, and this like, apparently he looked infirm to me the way he was answering those questions. And like, man, who's being taken advantage of and all I could think was his family needs to do an intervention and get this woman off of his back.


But can you set the stage for us on like, what, what's happening with this guy? I'll start by saying I am a diehard New England Patriots fan. Yeah. You're from Boston. Diehard. I love Bill Belichick. He's like my guy. He has brought so many championships. I know him personally. He lives on Nantucket. I live on Nantucket. I've met Jordan. So it's a very awkward thing to see. I also watch that show CBS Sunday morning with the interview. It's like my feelgood show. I just like it. I like nature. There's some politics, whatever. But for the most part, that is a drink your coffee, eat your bagel feelgood show. So I was not expecting this interview. I was squirming. I don't know what to expect. I don't know what to think about it.


It certainly was awkward. I've heard people say, You know, is she taking advantage of him? Well, he's taking advantage of her. He's sleeping with a, a, a very attractive young girl, 50 years younger. I don't know why she's so involved. Like I really don't. I I've met her. She's nice enough. It, she's running the whole show. I've known that a couple months ago. How so? Like she, every, every piece of Bill Belichick business goes through her. Like she is basically let, she would act like if that was maybe not in a romantic relationship. And that's his PR manager or Like an agent. Yeah.


Nobody's blinking at that. Like, that happens, I'm sure a lot with celebrity. We're not gonna talk about it now. You can combine it with Bill Belichick who's gruff with the media and generally always handles himself. It's just a very awkward situation. The age gap is huge. Clearly. But she runs the show. There's rumors hard knocks for HBO was supposed to do North Carolina, she shut that down the state. That's where he's the coach now. Yeah. He's The coach there. So it's just, it's such a juxtaposition of a guy who seemingly had no media savvy, but was always just straightforward. No time for the media. Now having his life run by a 25-year-old. It, it certainly is eye-opening for a guy like me.


I also know I'm gonna run into probably them in Nantucket and I'm gonna be carrying my watermelon out a stop and shop. And I don't want it to be an awkward conversation. You Can blame it all on me. Yeah. Blame it all on me. But it, it went super viral. I mean it's all anybody's talking about. Yes. It's all any, because it's just such a departure from how a sports fan, Patriot fan. Everybody thought of Bill Belichick. Well, can you can so explain that to me because we watch the, I come into this like outta left field. I don't, I know who he is, of course. Even I know who Bill Belichick, He's the greatest coach of all time. But I don't follow his, You know, I didn't, I didn't know about the girlfriend and all that. To me, he looked out of it like he seemed confused, but I've never ever seen him give an Interview.


Yeah. So I've seen a lot of people, like he's wearing a holy sweatshirt. That's what he does. Like that that is his look. Does he talk like that? Like does he look confused? Generally? He, he generally, if he doesn't want to answer a question, he grumbles and he says, I'm not gonna answer that. He's famous for not answering questions. He's never media savvy. Him going on a book tour, which is what he was doing, seems like the last thing he would ever do in a million years. If she wasn't there. I would anticipate him just being like, I'm not gonna answer it. He's, he's rarely conducting interviews that he has no interest and he just doesn't care for the media or what they think. The thing that he said that was the most accurate is probably like, I don't care what people think about me.


And clearly he doesn't, but I've never seen him defer to anybody like that. That is the look at control. Most shocking at Yeah. Like if someone else is speaking for him, that never happens. He speaks for himself loudly through his actions clearly. And is always like a general in, in the commander of the room really. So to see him basically s give what appears to be control of his life to her is shocking. Any, go Ahead. Most of the audience has probably seen the clip by now, but just in case they haven't, let's play it for them. Let's play the one where she interrupts. This is Bill Belichick on CCB s this morning with I guess, anchor Tony Doca pool and his 24-year-old girlfriend who's 49 years younger than he is interrupting the interview watch.


The other change for Belichick is 24 year old Jordon Hudson, his creative muse as he writes in his book, make sure that that's the watch. Jordan was a constant presence during our interview. You have Jordan's right over there. Everybody in the world seems to be following this relationship. They've got an opinion about your private life. It's got nothing to do with them, but they're invested in it. How do you deal with that? Never been too worried about what everybody else thinks. Just try to do what I feel like is best for me and, and what's Right. How did you guys, that's the truth. Not talking about this. No, no. It's a topic. Neither one of them is comfortable commenting on.


Okay. So now she said he's, how did you meet? And she interjects not count commenting about this. And there are reports that she actually interjected multiple times. Yeah. CVS only chose to show the one show just to give the audience a, a true sense of what, how, how this thing worked out. And It's about the book. And, and to CBS's defense, she that quote that he, she is the muse is in the book. It's in the book. Yeah, exactly. So now this fight started unfolding online. This is via the daily mail involving Belichick's daughter-in-law. She's married to his son and her name is Jennifer. She's married to his son Steve Belichick. The, some people were defending Jordan the girlfriend, for example.


Somebody posted, oh, former New England Patriot Star, Julian Edelman saw that You know him. Yep. Stuck up for her saying she was merely acting how any PR person would comedian Nikki Glaser also defended Hudson saying 100%. She's acting as his publicist. Publicists do this during interviews. People are out for blood. And first of all, I'll tell you what Jennifer, the daughter-in-law said, but I I have done countless interviews. Countless I've both given as the subject of them and done conducted. Literally has this never, I've never seen this happen. Never. Right. The PR people will come to you before the interview and they will beg you not to cover this Or ask after for it to be cut.


Yes, Exactly. That's their job as a journalist. And Tony Doco Pool is a journalist. You would say Thank you for your input. Yeah. That's it. You would never make a promise, ever. It's literally considered unethical to say, I won't ask about that. You know, at most I've ever heard somebody say is we can't make you any promises. But, You know, we're not that interested in that subject. Like a wink and a not, but never, never has a pr person ever interviewed interjected into, into an intern. Like In the middle little bit. No, It's very unusual. We get people asking. No, if someone doesn't wanna talk about it. We generally want, because people generally wanna talk about what you are asking not to talk about. So we won't do it. It it's strange. I I don't agree with that. It it, it was strange. It's Different rules. Yeah. If it's like a host, You know what I mean?


If you're sitting to somebody who doesn't consider themselves a journalist, very different. And by the way, this is how talk shows get away with it all the time. I've been asked, asked to go on a bunch of talk shows including Tamron Halls like five years ago, and her executive producer said, we'll give you all the questions in advance. I'm like, I'm not doing that. Right. I felt like I don't want that. Yeah. Right. So it's, she got, she got away with it because they consider that a talk show, but she's not, I guess calling herself a journalist anymore. At least wasn't for that show. Okay. So then Jennifer Belichick's Daughter-in-law, I'm dying to hear this Out, weighs in and says, publicists act in a professional matter and do not storm on storm offset delaying an interview. Yeah. So I know them too. This is all like, and and that probably tells you everything you need to know about how the family, and that's natural.


There's a story that came out in the New York post I think yesterday that she accumulated like $10 million of real estate very quickly. So I'm sure the family based on that quote is a little like, what is going on here? And it's just, this is a guy that is not a pushover. He has built his reputation on being like a gruff kinda guy who needs everything particular and detail oriented. It is just very strange to see. He's the guy Tim Walsh was trying to convince us he was no jazz hands. Yeah. Football. Yeah. I don't even know if even he was the guy, but man. Yeah, he was trying to I think be more like a, a Gronk guy, but who knows? Well, there's more.


So he Oh, po You know about this. 'cause I saw you commented on it. So be Bill Belichick posted a statement on the UNC University of North Carolina Chapel Hill is where he coaches, right. Chapel Hill, I think. Yep. And he, he wrote, wrote as follows, I agreed to speak with CCB s Sunday morning to promote my new book, the Art of Winning. Prior to the interview, I clearly communicated with my publicist. So he's not even saying he told Tony Doca pool or the CBS publicist. I clearly communicated with my publicist at Simon and Schuster that any promotional interviews I participated in would agree to focus solely on the contents of the book. Unfortunately, that expectation was not honored during the interview. I was surprised when unrelated topics were introduced.


And I repeatedly expressed to the reporter Tony dpo and the producers that I preferred to keep the conversation centered on the book after this occurred several times, Jordan with whom I share about the personal and professional relationships stepped in to reiterate that point and help refocus the discussion. She was not deflecting any specific question or topic, I'm sorry, bill, but she was, but was simply doing her job to ensure the interview stayed on track. Some of the clips made it appear as though we were avoiding the question of how we met. But we've been open about the fact that Jordan and I met on a flight to Palm Beach in 2021 and goes on for them saying these are just selectively, selectively edited clips suggested a false narrative that Jordan was attempting to control the conversation, which is simply not true. Your Thought on that? Yeah, I'm like white knuckle in the table.


In my years following Bill Belichick, I would say my knowledge of him, there's roughly 0% chance he wrote that he just, he just doesn't care generally what anyone thinks about him. So to go write that, that, my guess would be Jordan wrote that totally. The fact it is on got fingerprints. The, the North Carolina website is insane. Right. It's just insane. It's shocking. Again, it it, it's, I'm speaking to all Patriot fans, Boston people, this guy, like, if you could've predicted this, people would say you're living in a bizaro world. It's just so strange in this long email.


Crazy. The public statement. Crazy. But I I'm not even sure he knows that was written Right. Like he may not, he, he may not. I really don't know. So the Daily Mail had to comprehensive piece and they cited the New York Post as reporting even before this past weekend's interview Belichick's friends shaking their heads about his relationship with Jordan. Quote, they're talking to him about her, but very gently because they know how deep in it he is. She saw an opening and she took it and insider added of how she has inserted herself into every aspect of his life and career consensus among people around Belichick. Another sort of said is that this relationship is alarming and Hudson is a runaway train. However, they include some one person defending them, saying when it comes to the situation in it is just a moment in time.


He and Jordan are fine. Nobody should be concerned at this point. But then they also say multiple reports, say UNC is growing uneasy with her involvement in everything Around him. Yeah. So there's an adage in sports winning cures everything. If North Carolina wins, people are gonna forget this. Yeah. And North Carolina will be happy. And look the other way. If North Carolina has a bad season, it's gonna get very rocky. It is not, I don't think normal for a relatively new relationship with this age gap, with the a of someone coming in, running his entire life and like CBS and hard knocks supposedly got canceled because of her.


It's, it's just shocking. It's just shocking. And there's all being fought and headlines and rumors and back and forth. And by the way, to Jordan's credit, she's, if you wanna say credit, she's not taking a step backwards. Like every time a story comes out, she's pushing forwards. Like she is. She is not a tame flower. She is not running from this at all. She's running from how they met. That seems clear. And I, in my opinion, they did not quote meet on a plane. See, I think they did because they No, I I think they laid eyes on each other in person for the first time on a plane. But she's so defensive about it. There's something more to the story. I don't know what it was. Was it OnlyFans? Was it some setup by a See, I don't Think so. I matchmaker I think they're telling the truth.


I just think she's in control in her mind. She's like we said, we're not talking about that. We're not talking about it. I, because from the second I met them, the story has been told the same to me. She posted how they met a long time ago. I know, but you Think that's a front. It let's, well then she and they Met through So she's fauci to you. She's a criminal, she's like a criminal mastermind. No, I mean, listen, she's like 30 steps ahead. Listen you her the same way I viewed Anna Nicole Smith. Yeah. Like, everyone understands what the deal here is. He's an older guy with money and power, which some women find, if not attractive, worthy of being with they can upgrade their lifestyle, they're gonna gonna travel the world. And the old guy gets some young beautiful woman on his arm and probably a lot of hot sex he otherwise wouldn't be having.


Yeah. I mean, I he could he not, could he not just get hookers if he didn't want? I don't know. I mean, Anna, Nicole, I don't remem that guy was like on his death door Back. He was like 200 years old. Yeah. He couldn't even get up. Yeah. Like Belichick is still outside of this seems to be normally functioning. I have A new 24-year-old girl wants a 74-year-old man. I mean, that's not what you're attracted to. I've, to me it's an obvious attempt to be with power and money. It's like, look, a lot of women do that. She's not alone. Yeah. Maybe she's legitimately attracted to it. I don't know. The whole thing, the whole thing is, is Makes you uncomfortable. It's just, I I it's stunning. It it Stunning. Okay. Wait, before we leave the topic of the Patriots, I remember asking you about this the first time you came out.


You were on one other time a long time, but before I think we only had audio at the time. Do you hate or love Tom Brady? Love. Love. Okay. Yeah. So I may have spoken with you when he went to the Bucks. Okay. I was mad at him. Maybe that's what happened. Yeah. But I Couldn't remember. But he's the greatest of All time. Okay. There's no question in your mind. No question. He's number one. Yes. And how is he doing as a sports commentator? Bad, awful. Not good. Oh, Why? He just stinks at it. Why? What what do you mean? I mean, not everybody. He's the greatest quarterback. Not everybody is born to be a great announcer. I just, I don't find him to be good at announcing football. Now he's brand new. It's his first year. They gave him a gigantic contract, but he certainly didn't come out of the gates like a natural.


Didn't He have all sorts of training? I'm sure he did for the amount they paid. But again, I I maybe anybody can eventually become a good announcer. I don't know. It's not the easiest thing to do. But he just didn't come outta the gates. He's almost to me too elevated. He's so great. Like the way he talks. But no, I, I didn't think he, he did not come out all guns firing. And again, it, it's his first year doing it, so maybe there should be some leeway, but they paid him a ton of money. Mm. Oh Yeah. Like, I mean a ton. Almost $400 million I think. Yeah. It's crazy. Yeah. It's big time deal. Okay. Shadur Sanders. Yes. So this is Dionne Sanders son. Yep. Dionne Sanders such a big football star. Even I know that name.


Yep. What, who did Dionne play for? He and the pros. He played for the Falcons Cowboys and 49 ERs. Okay. And he is the one I quoted Dionne Sanders before because he had some great quote, which was something to the effect of, if you look good, you play good. If you play good, they pay good. Yep. Which I love. That's very clever and cute. But his son who was many expected to go like, well you tell me where in the draft where, what were the, what was the expectation? Well, I, I think earlier in the season, a lot of people were saying early first round, top 10 pick. And then as they got close to the draft, it started sliding. And you heard maybe end of the first round, second round is probably what people thought going into the draft because He's a big college qb.


Yes. Okay. And then the draft comes and walk us through how that unfolded. That 'cause he was like the story that night. Yeah. So the draft comes first round comes and goes. He's not drafted. Not totally shocking. Mel Kuper, who is the draft guy expert, he's ranting and raving, he should go. And then round two comes nothing round. Three comes nothing. Oh. So he slid, I believe into the fourth round. How Many rounds are there? There's I think six. Six or seven. Huh? Six or seven. Oh. So Now he's down to the bottom. Shocking. Shocking. And players who quarterbacks going who? I think anybody would say, well, Shado is better than him not drafted.


And it became the story and it kind of took on a life of its own with people all over the internet chiming in. Why isn't he getting drafted for various reasons. That was the story. So I love Dion. He used to work for a Barstool. He's one of my favorite guys I've ever met. There were innuendos, it's race, it's this, it's that. It, to me it was none of it. It, it was Shado. Sanders and the Sanders are one of the great publicity machines of all time. Like Dion's heavily involved Dion's saying, Hey, I played in the NFL, we're picking what team we're going to. He's gonna be the starter. He is this that. So there's a lot that comes including, you could say a circus.


When you draft your door, you're putting a tent on the thing for NFL teams, there's nothing they hate more than distractions. They're like the most, everyone's focused, we don't need distractions. Having said that, if they think a guy can help them win, you could be a murderer and they draft you, That's happened. Literally. That's all they care about. But in evaluating, there's a fine line between is this guy the guy and can we win with Shado? And he is he the franchise? If teams thought that they would've picked him instantly, none of the other stuff would've mattered. But he was kind of in a weird area where a lot of teams are like, this isn't, he's not gonna be a 10 year star. He is not Tom Brady. And if he's not that, do we want him fighting for a backup job?


Do we want microphones in his face? And because that's a circus, the last thing you want. That's what I believe happened. So if you didn't think he was the starter in a top five pick, do you want him in your locker room creating a circus environment? And he kind of got caught in the middle and that's when he dropped all the way to Cleveland. Now if you're Cleveland or any team dropping him fourth, fifth drafting and fourth, fifth round, and you're like, You know what? Enough, we're getting microphones. He's not who we think he is. You can just cut him. It's not the end of the world because you didn't waste the top draft pick. If you take him early and it doesn't work, you're stuck with him. Really? Because you can't waste a draft pick. So I think that's what happened. All the other innuendo around it is garbage to me.


Why, why is President Trump involved? What's he tweeted? Somebody should take him or what happened there? He must be friends with Dion. I mean Yeah. So During the draft he tweeted Yeah. Well he, when he was slipping Trump, I mean, Trump loves talking football. Yeah. You know, the football team, he likes jumping in in these discussions. I think sometimes Trump just can't handle like having X in front of him. And he is like, how are they not, he's like a fan and, and he's president though. So, but I, I don't think he thought anything. He's like, oh, I'm friends with Dion and I'm gonna, I'm gonna say he should be drafted. Is It inappropriate? I like it. Like, do people think he was putting inappropriate pressure on teams as the president? No. I, I I kinda like it, it, it's, it depends what he's doing.


But that's, that's Trump. I mean, I thought it was Fine. I love tries to make a controversy out, out of everything Trump does. Okay. But let back to this 'cause, so Stephen A. Smith was on the show not long ago and he posted something that i, I know you disagreed with, but explain it to me. So he posted, someone just texted me this message and they're absolutely correct. Quote, this is a bad look for the NFL. This feels like Kaepernick level collusion. All the hard work. The NFL League office puts into eradicate these kinds of perceptions only to turn around and watch as the owners look like they're colluding, messing up everything. What has been done to Shado will outshine everything else in this draft will never believe this is just about talent evaluation again. And it that does seem to be a reference to race. Yeah. I mean, I don't know why you'd bring in Kaepernick and what they're trying to, to me, I don't dunno why he didn't put the word racism.


That's what it sounded like. Racism. That's why I responded. That's an insane take to me that just the owners in the NFL are arguably the most competitive group of like billionaire successful people. They don't like each other. They want to win. They would never collude your players. They never collude. If you, if they thought Shado could get them a Super Bowl, they would do whatever. So to me that just an absolutely insane take. It's just when you're drafting guys, not just strictly talent, you're looking at all the things that are surrounding 'em. Who was The first draft pick this year? It It, it was Cam Ward is a black quarterback. Okay. So it's like, I mean, and Then I read that in the last three drafts, including this year.


Yeah. A black quarterback went number one overall. Yeah. I So it, it's not, it, it has nothing to do with race at all. Who thinks the NFL is racist? What's that? Who Thinks the NFL is Racist? I mean, when he says the Kaepernick stuff, he's going back to take in knee and there were some teams taking a knee, some not. I mean, Jerry Jones came out. So he is going back to that. And by the way, there is similarities to me in the Kaepernick situation in which teams just viewed Kaepernick and said he's not good enough to have a circus falling. Yeah. Yeah. This is a distraction. Yeah. If so, do you think Dion ultimately hurt his son by being such a big personality who they thought they were gonna have to deal with more than they wanted to. And, and strictly in where he got drafted, like, would he have been drafted quicker if Dion, if it was Dion Jones, who was his dad?


Absolutely. If you asked Dion and you asked Shado, are you glad Dion's there a hundred percent? He's, He probably wouldn't be getting drafted at all. Huge media. Like he, he, I mean he's partying, he's getting millions of dollars in endorsements and all this stuff. So it's a package deal. Yeah. But if you're just saying what teams have dropped, drafted him without, I mean, Dionne before the draft is like, don't draft my kid if I don't like you because I'm not gonna let him sign with you. Oh wow. Well, he is not the first one did that. The Mannings did that. Like Oh, really? Yeah, they, Eli Manning, they said to, I believe it was the cult. So like, if you draft him, he's not coming. And they didn't draft them, so they bullied their way. Did one of them go to the Colts? Did No one went to the Colts. One went to Denver. No Giants. It, it was Eli went to the Giants instead of the Colts.


The Colts had the first pick. Did a manning play for Denver? Yes. At the end of his career. Yes. Look at me. When he had no, he had no army. Couldn't throw five bears. Did you were right. Okay. He, he, no. And a manning played for the Colts. Peyton played his entire Career. Oh, there we go. Okay. You were right. So I was right. Was it the Colts? I don't know. May Whoever, I forget now that you say it because Peyton played for the Colts. Wherever Eli, whoever had the first pick, maybe it was San Diego. Oh Wait, they're, they're telling me Peyton played for the Colts. Peyton played for the Colts. Somebody had the first pick when Eli came out. And Archie Manning who played in the league, did what Dion essentially did without as much pomp and circumstance said if you draft him, he is not going. And they didn't draft him. Wow. And he, John Elway's done it. So it's not, Dion's just was much more loud in this era of endorsements and stuff.


It's the circus. And if you don't think he's great, I probably won't want him on my team either, because I don't want that to be the focus of what everyone's talking about. Well now, we'll see. Right now he's play play For the Browns. Yeah. The rubber will meet the road. I think he's gonna be great. So we'll see. Are the browns any good? My friends, they, he a diehard brown fan. Oh my God. He's always complaining about how bad they're Worst franchise arguably in sports. Oh gosh. So he's not gonna be happy about this. Well, who knows? He could be The guy. Maybe He's the future, but they have the weirdest QB room. I'm getting deep. But they have, they have Deshaun Watson, the guy who had like 9,000 illegal massages. Oh. Oh. They paid him a ton of money. They drafted another quarterback before they have a wild QB room. Wild. Very Cleveland. I don't that's fascinating. That's for more for your next appearance. Yeah. QB room with multiple massages.


Okay. Very different from our job.


Standby more with Dave. Right after this, with longer daylight hours, you might be spending more time away from home giving burglars more opportunities to strike. That's a good news, bad news situation. FBI crime data shows that break-ins are more likely during daylight hours than at night. Protect your home with simply safes proactive security designed to stop threats before they happen. Millions of Americans trust SimpliSafe for the new standard in home security and enjoy greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. Whether heading out in the morning or locking up at night. Traditional security systems only react after a break in occurs, which is too late. SimpliSafe active guard outdoor protection helps prevent break-ins before they happen. AI powered cameras backed by live professional monitoring agents. Watch your property and detect suspicious activity. SimpliSafe offers a 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back with no long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash megan to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe, S-I-M-P-L-I safe.com/megan. There's no safe like SimpliSafe


this July. There is a global summit of Brix nations in Rio de Janeiro. The block of emerging superpowers, You know, including China, Russia, India, and Iran. They're meeting with the goal of displacing the US dollar as the global currency. They're calling this the Rio Reset. As Brix nations push forward with their plans, global demand for US dollars will decrease bringing down the value of the dollars in your savings potentially while this transition won't happen overnight. The Rio Reset in July marks a pivotal moment when Bri's objectives move decisively from theoretical possibility toward inevitable reality. According to many experts, learn if diversifying your savings into gold is right for you, Birch Gold Group can help you move your hard earned savings into a tax sheltered IRA and precious metals. Claim your free info kit on gold by texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 with an A plus rating with the Better Business Bureau and tens of thousands of happy customers. Let Birch Gold arm you with a free, no obligation info kit on owning gold before July and the Rio Reset Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Today. Message and data rates apply.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Now we've covered ground. That's more in my wheelhouse and we've covered ground that's more in Dave's wheelhouse. And we finish on a note of solidarity that we both have strong feelings on. And that is Meghan Markle. Yeah. So she has done the world premiere episode of actually being on someone else's podcast. And the someone else is the is her name is Jamie Kern Lima. Now I have actually interviewed this person, but I didn't realize I had interviewed this person because she founded it cosmetics, which I remember interviewing her at NBC. I think it's the same lady. I could be wrong, she looks a little different. But anyway, she was a news anchor and she realized that you have a need for like cosmetics that are a little bit thicker because of the CCLE lights and all that.


And her brand became a billion dollar bla brand and she sold it to L'Oreal for 1.2 billion in 2016. All for news anchor, right? Like makeup? Yeah, yeah. Way. No one offered me makeup at all here. It's good Stuff. Yeah, we sold you down the river. So she now has a podcast and is also apparently friends with Megan and in the world premier of podcast. Megan Duchess of Sussex. She pulled out all the stops. Here is the intro of the episode. Look at this. Megan Duchess of Sussex in her first ever podcast interview. It's happening. It's not about the grandeur of a gesture, it's about I see you, I'm nurturing you and I see you so deeply and I love being able to see your growth of all things that's making me emotional.


I have full body chills right now For them to be able to look back and go, oh my gosh. She has loved us so much. She's an American member of the British royal family. An entrepreneur, author, actor, founder of the lifestyle brand, oh Lord, as ever. That just sold out of stock completely in the first hour of its recent launch into the world. She's also a mom to her two beautiful kids, prince Archie and Princess Lilette and wife to husband Prince Harry Duke of Sussex. Oh my God. Why don't you like Her? I just threw up a little in my mouth.


What? Let me count the ways. There's nothing I like about her. Do You know her? No, but she's a malignant narcissist who cannot get enough of herself while she's simultaneously plays the victim. My castle's too small, the queen is mean to me. They won't let me call myself her royal highness anymore. But I'm gonna put it all over my stationary and on the gifts that I give to my friends while she never stops whining. And at the same time I am getting all worked out. She that busy. I'm, I'm a founder. I'm over it. She's not important. She married for money. It's very clear she bagged the elephant. She was thrilled. She became a quote princess. Well, You can not, It was planned from the beginning.


She denied being interested in the royal family, which she totally was. I know someone who knows the ex-husband who said she had a vision board with Prince Harry on it and Before They met. Yes. And she wants to Pretend it's impressive. You gotta to admit that is impressive. She Nailed it. Yeah. Land. 'cause a lot of people probably did that. He was Like shooting fish in a barrel with all that self-help talk. He had, he was no match for her. So I, as we unpack like an onion, some of the things I'm interested, I actually liked the royal family. I think it's cool. So That's another thing. She killed the queen. She did kill the queen. That's my opinion. I I don't, I agree with you. I can't have someone marry into the royal family and be like, woe is me of all these attention or whatever you're getting from being, it's no, no kidding.


It's the royal family. I can't believe I'm not getting paid for this. Yeah. All this stuff. And then they didn't, they renounce their royalty, but they still want the royalty. Yeah. So it, it is hypocritical to get into that situation then want nothing to do with it. But you do want anything to do with it. I don't have as strong a feelings as you do for her. I don't care for her. I wouldn't put her in a hate category of mine. I don't like her. I didn't see that interview. But yeah, I, I, I'm a Royals guy, so I like the royal. I think it's kind of cool, the history, the pageantry and to just come in and kind of blow it up and then cry. It's like, whoa, whoa. Was was me. Well, and she's a bully. I mean the reports were uniformly from inside the castle. Yeah. That all the young women in particular who worked for her quit in tears.


She so wore them down and was so nasty. Then when she started her own company, similar reports coming out from Montecito about how knowing can work for her. She's a nightmare behind the scenes and not toward the betterment of her staff just because she's an insecure person who takes it out on other people. What was up with the no makeup. That had to be an intentional move. That's another thing. Maureen was saying this on her. Maureen Callan has a new podcast for part of our network and With the makeup lady. Yeah. And exactly right. And it's bullshit. So first of all, she had the hair blown out. It was perfect. I do not believe that she was makeup free there. She didn't have eye makeup on, which is a different thing. But that's her being relatable, Dave. Yeah. Right. She's relatable. You see the Intentional relatable. Yeah. So here she is talking about the joy.


Is she on like your top 10 hate list? Oh Yeah. She's not top five. Alright. The joy of working hard. Yeah. I'm sure she's really toiling away. Take a listen. But to the world, it's just what has she been doing? Does she work as opposed to Oh my gosh, I work so hard and I do you I appreciate what hard work looks like. I like working hard and I'm still working hard. Right. The moment that everything sells out, it doesn't mean that we're done. Yeah. It means we're working on replenishment and what are the next skews and what's the next tranche of products and what's the timing on that? And writing the newsletters and writing the social media captions and making sure that all that feels in line and what's the cadence of it and what's the photography that we wanna do and what do I wanna wear for those shoots while also editing all the time coding notes for Season two.


I don't, the other lady was with Love Meghan and then edits for the podcast and making and being a mom and a wife and a friend. That's right. Yeah. Those are all jobs. I mean, I love being that busy, but I do think it's really interesting when people have no sense of what goes into the thing. Yeah. It's Like between two ferns almost. The way she's hosting, it's The thing's not done. Right. The finish line was really the starting line. Okay, we get it. Yeah. Yes. Go. That, that, that would infuriate me. Like, as someone who's trying to start a business struggling because like, you can't fail. Like you're, you're, if you're selling, I don't know what she's selling candles.


I don't know what she's selling. Jam Jam. Like you're, you're hard to get in the royal family so to, to this headstart that you have and then complain about working hard. It's like you're in the royal family. Yes. So to to complain about Oh, the business. You don't have to, if you don't wanna show up, if you don't want to do the schedule, you don't have to do anything you don't wanna do. Right. You're living in a fan. Literally like a fantasy tale of, but I the other, the host, What's happening with her, If you actually didn't, if people didn't know who was who, I think people be focusing on the host the Weird Like and the expression. Yeah. Yeah. It was between two ferns. Yeah. So, yeah. I don't know. I don't hate her as much as you, but it's Really, it's like a love to hate situation.


Yeah. I don't have actual hatred for her. I have that for very few people. It's a small list, but she's not on it. But I just can't stand her. Yeah. I just think she's such a phony. I love to make fun of her because she continues to give me so much material. She Comes across as a phony in that both Of 'em. I gotta, I've gotta show you one more on that. Okay. Look, look, this is a short one. So 29, look at this Ridiculousness, Your close friends and family. So many of them call and Harry h Yes. How did that start? And tell me about that. We probably at the beginning of us dating Mm. When everything was in code. Code. Yeah. Like people didn't know We would dating. Yeah.


For She's, she's the problem about memory lane so long ago. I mean, it'll be our seven year wedding anniversary soon. I couldn't say tell anyone who I was dating and she was keeping, so I think we were just on a letter basis. Yeah. And then it stuck. It stuck. It stuck. It was their code, their super stealthy code. M and h Like, like when I called Doug Bug Yeah. Or their Initials. It's ridiculous. That's like choosing your alias as a famous person. And it's John Smith. Like Will that podcast have like crazy numbers because she's on it. Like, does she move the needle like that? I have no idea. But if if it does, it's gonna be at least two thirds hate listeners like me.


Yeah. I mean I, but I actually, again, I think it'll be overshadowed by the interviewer. Yes. Who is looks like Yes. On outer, outer space. Yes. And so bizarre with the weird blush Yeah. And the makeup to no makeup. So speaking of podcast success, do you have any advice for me? You, you've grown this huge, You are killing it, right? Well, I Only have two in the MK podcast network so far. But we're Oh, you're you're talking adding, yeah. Adding like a network. Like, You know, you have a network at Barstool. Yeah. So do you well are you focused on news? Yes. News culture, You know, everything related to news. Yeah. I don't know. It's not sports. So we've always just looked for different things like that, that try to find something talented people and find things that I haven't seen necessarily before.


So like, call her daddy, which I'm surprised I don't see the big signs around here. Yeah, you found that? Yeah. And she went on to become extremely, And I hadn't seen anything like that. Like, it wasn't my cup of tea, but it was like, oh, this is different. And we've been very successful for that. But it, it, it's trying to get out, I guess a network sense. It's like, and I'm sure it would be similar with you if I see something and it catches me for more than a minute or two, it's like, I'm interested in this. That's a good start. We've certainly been wrong a lot. It's a band label for us, kinda like a band label sign a bunch of little bands, hopefully one or two hit. And that kind of is the model. And How, how long do you wait until you, You know, cut bait or declare them as a success? We sign up for contracts, so it's generally like two to three years.


So like a band label and not different from band label. Once they become successful, they're very difficult to deal with. Yeah. Right. Like then they want the money, they see what's going on. And so the talent business stinks. Yeah. Because once the talent becomes big, they don't need you anymore. And they may be under contract, but it, it, you gotta, they generally, if they, if we can't resign 'em, they leave. And we built a lot of very rich superstars in this digital age from Alex Cooper, pat McAfee, a lot of people making a lot of money. And then we just gotta refill the pipeline and find the next, and it never ends. And that sucks. I feel like, You know, I, I have good people, I have faith in them, And we have a good relationship. But famous last words, I, I take your point.


So I mean, the, your company now is huge, right? I mean, you, I read that in like 2002 you were filing for bankruptcy and now you're talking about the Trump terrorists costing you like $20 million. That's just what was, what it cost you. Yeah. So you're obviously hugely successful. Yeah, we've done well. Has that changed? That bankruptcy thing, by the way, was a New York Times hit piece? I did, but it was like my dad told me in college, and I hate the New York Times. Anyhow. Okay. That wasn't a business thing. So yeah, the, we sold Barstool in 2016, 15% of it for about 12 million was the valuation. Then we sold it again for 600 million was the valuation. And then I got it back for a dollar. So now I have the whole thing again. That was So crazy.


Yeah. So it's been a wild ride. So what, like, now that you have all this money, do you live differently? Are, are you different? I don't think I'm different. I certainly lived differently. Things that I've always been interested in, like horse racing, Kentucky derbies this weekend. Yeah. I love horses. Love. So I would go to the track growing up and now instead of being, You know, in, in the bleacher section or with the riff-raff betting two bucks, I, I can afford to own the horses. So things like that have changed, but it's still my core interest. I don't think I've changed. I, I, I guess you, I mean a, a positive thing about Barstool, a lot of the people who started with me are still there, so, You know, I I That That's your ride or dies. Yeah, our ride or dies or we just treat our employees like, well, and I don't think anybody would ever say about me.


They may be like, he's a jerk or he is blunt, but nobody would be like, he's dishonest. I'm pretty straight in all my dealings with people and that's helped get us, I mean, we've been around now over 20 years, so that's helped. Well, I, I find it entertaining. I go over there, not really for sports, but when commentary comes into the news world, political and I love it. I love how Frank is It cheap? You go viral. I mean, I, so I try not to because whatever you get in politics, people and both right and left. If I, like, I criticized Trump the other day because his line about the stock market is not his stock. It is like you have affected the stock market because of tariffs. End of story. It's, it, you can't say, it's not like you can't blame that on Biden.


It's yours. You're you by the tariffs, it's yours. And if I say that, suddenly all the people like me on the right hate me. They're like, oh yeah. But it's like, but you're honest. I have to call how I see it. You're saying how you actually feel, which is, that's, that's the name of this game, right? I mean, that, that's for sure. By the way, my team tells me that this YouTube show for this Jamie lady, this squeaky voice makeup lady is, they're at 251,000 views after three days. Which is terrible. Yeah. For her. So terrible. For, for having the duchess. For having duchess having six. That's, I thought you were gonna say like 250 million. Yeah. Or like at least 2.5 million. Yeah. Like no one has any interest in, Actually I didn't even know what happened. Hearing her talk about how hard her life is or how hard she's working or her secret code for h and m, whomever, could they mean who, who's gonna crack this, this Literal look like a spoof, like an SNL spoof.


Dave Portnoy, great to have you. Thanks for being here. Glad to be here. Yeah. Hope you see you again. Okay. And don't forget you can't miss tomorrow's show. We will debut our new film, blonde Origin. Don't call it a ride. See you then.