
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Monday, April 28th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. New reporting on January's crash between a Black Hawk helicopter and a commercial airliner reveals a chain of failures that led to disaster. Human existence does not end in the tomb, but in our father's house in a life of happiness that will no, no end Thousands of mourners gather in Rome to celebrate the funeral of the late Pope Francis. The last thing you want to do is give some side, one of the two sides, an excuse to walk away from this effort. Secretary Rubio says, Ukraine and Russia are closer to peace than ever before, following a face-to-face meeting between President Trump and Ukrainian President Zelensky in Rome at this year's White House.


Correspondence dinner, no jokes, no president, no fun of any kind. All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just the beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement and every day you wait might make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, you don't wanna mess around. Okay? The good news is there's still time for Tax Network U S A to help self-employed or a business owner, even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network U S A specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free, and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters, and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. You may have missed April 15th, but you haven't run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move


The New York Times with a massive investigative story. Over the weekend on the fatal January 29th crash at Ronald Reagan National Airport, involving an army Black Hawk helicopter, and an American Airlines regional jet, resulting in the deaths of 67 people. The report based on government documents, audio recordings of the air traffic controllers in the moments leading up to the crash and expert interviews, outlines a series of missteps leading to the tragedy we are learning. For the first time that the helicopter's mission that night was conducting an annual evaluation of Captain Rebecca Lobeck, who joined the Army in 2019. Her assignment simulating an emergency evacuation of senior government officials from Washington after an attack.


The Times report marks the first public confirmation that Captain Loock was at the controls of the Blackhawk at the time of the crash. While Captain Loock was the highest ranking soldier on board, her instructor, chief Warrant Officer Andrew Lloyd Eves had logged more than twice as many flight hours. The report describes a series of factors leading up to the crash, including an air traffic control operator potentially stretched too thin. The use of night vision goggles potentially distorting the pilot's depth perception at critical moments and the activation of a rarely used runway. The times also reporting the Blackhawk was flying above its authorized altitude. As the helicopter approached the key bridge from which it would fly south along the river weren't.


Officer Eves stated that it was at 300 feet and descending to 200 feet necessary because the maximum height for this route closer to the airport had dropped to 200 feet. But even as it reached that juncture weren't Officer Eves evidently fell obliged to repeat his instruction. The Blackhawk was at 300 feet, he said and needed to descend. Captain Loach said she would, but two and a half minutes later, the Blackhawk still was above 200 feet a dangerously high level. The report also indicating a breakdown in radio communication as the controller attempted to guide them. Cockpit recordings suggest key instructions to reroute were cut off the Black Hawk Crew again confirming they had the passenger jet in sight and for the second time requested visual separation.


When they asked the first time they had received approval, meaning they on the helicopter would take responsibility for avoiding the jet from the report. Quote, the Blackhawk was 15 seconds away from crossing paths with the jet warrant. Officer Eves then turned his attention to Captain Loach. He told her he believed that air traffic control wanted them to turn left toward the East River Bank. Turning left would've opened up more space between the helicopter and Flight 53 42, which was heading for runway 33 at an altitude of roughly 300 feet. She did not turn left. The Black Hawk collided with American Airlines Flight 53 42 as it was moments away from landing at Reagan National Airport.


In the wake of the crash, the FAA banned most helicopter flights near this airport transportation secretary Sean Duffy in March, saying, the tragedy must serve as a lesson. We're gonna make sure we've learned from this air disaster and we're gonna pay it forward. So there's, there's not other families that have to go through the pain and anguish of losing a loved one like these families had to go through. The National Transportation Safety Board is expected to release its final report on the crash by early 2026 On Friday. The FBI arresting Milwaukee County Circuit Judge Hannah Dugan charging her with obstruction and concealing an individual to prevent his discovery and arrest.


According to the criminal complaint, six Ice Task force agents arrived dressed in plain clothes at the courthouse On April 18th, they were armed with an active warrant for 30-year-old Eduardo Flores Ruiz, who was appearing that morning on three domestic abuse charges. Upon learning the task force was in the building, judge Dugan became visibly angry, initially ordering the agents to leave, then directing them to go and speak with the chief judge. One member of the task force, a DEA agent not initially recognized as part of the group remained stationed outside of the courtroom while the others were directed to the chief judge's office. Another agent returned to the hallway shortly thereafter, while most of the agents were in discussion with court leadership, the complaint alleges, judge Dugan personally escorted Mr. Flores Ruiz and his attorney out of the courtroom through a secured jury door leading into a restricted area, Mr. Flores Ruiz and his attorney then made their way to a different elevator farther from the courtroom and exited the building.


2D EA agents not occupied by the chief judge spotted Mr. Flores Ruiz moving through the hallway and alerted the rest of the team. Agents then scrambled to locate Mr. Flores Ruiz outside the courthouse. And when law enforcement identified themselves, he ran agents apprehending Mr. Flores Ruiz after a short chase. Judge Dugan's arrest one week later sending shockwaves through the media. Though I don't know why Rachel Maddow, Lester Holt and Chris Hayes sounding the alarm, But if this feels like a insane and reckless escalation from the Trump administration arresting a judge, I will tell you, you are not alone. Her arrest also marking a new flashpoint in the administration's verbal attacks on judges who have ruled against parts of the Trump immigration agenda.


Much of what this is about, which became almost immediately clear, is making an example out of her for other judges around the country. CNN legal Analyst, Ellie Honick, taking a more measured approach. You know the legal one Looking at the complaint. Let's strip the politics out of it. This is a crime if they can prove what happened here. It is a crime. This judge, let's, let's strip the Trump of it all out. Let's strip the immigration of it all out. Let's say law enforcement shows up at a building with an arrest warrant. They're looking for person A, person B then says, Hey, there's a secret escape door out back. I'm gonna show you the way and then ushers that person out the back door. That is textbook obstruction, Attorney General Pam Bondy on Friday sending a warning.


The Trump administration will not tolerate anyone getting in the way of lawful deportation efforts. They're deranged is all I can think of. I I, I cannot believe I I think some of these judges think they are beyond and above the law and they are not. And we're sending a very strong message today. If you are harboring a fugitive, we don't care who you are. If you are helping hide one, we will come after you And we will prosecute you. You know what? We'll find you On Saturday. More than 250,000 mourners, flocking to the Vatican, paying respects to the late Pope Francis the pontiff passing away one week ago at 88 from stroke and heart failure, foreign delegations from 164 countries attending the funeral held in St.


Peter Square, including President Trump and First Lady Melania Trump, French President Emmanuel Macron, Britain's Prince William and Ukrainian president Vladimir Zelensky, the pontiff lying in state for three days in a simple wooden coffin, resting at floor level, emphasizing Pope Francis' view of himself as a humble shepherd. Public viewing of the Pope's body ending on Friday evening with church officials led by the acting head of the church, Cardinal Kao, Kevin Ferrell, performing the traditional ceiling of the coffin, a ritual formally closing the period of mourning and preparing the body for burial. The funeral mass celebrated by Cardinal Giovanni Batista Ray, the dean of the College of Cardinals, reflecting Pope Francis's lifelong commitment to humility marked by simple rituals, solemn prayers, and a stripped down ceremony by Vatican standards.


We are gathered with sad hearts in prayer around his mortal remains. Yet we are sustained by the certainty of faith, which assures us that human existence does not end in the tomb, but in our father's house. In a life of happiness that will no no end. The funeral procession departing St. Peter Square, winding through the streets of Rome, tens of thousands of mourners lining the root, many cheering and waving at the site of the Pope Mobile, carrying the late Pont. Others overcome with tears, a mix of celebration and deep sorrow.


The nearly four mile procession ending at the basilica of St. Mary, major one of Pope Francis' most beloved places of prayer breaking with tradition. Pope Francis choosing to be laid to rest there rather than beneath St. Peter's basilica like most of his predecessors. Now the Vatican turning its focus to the conclave that will elect the next Pope. The highly secretive deliberations among Cardinals, the senior leadership of the Catholic church set to begin within 15 to 20 days of the Pope's death. Though the timeline could move faster, if all eligible cardinals arrive in Rome and agree to proceed, the only glimpse into the deliberations comes through smoke signals issued twice a day from the Sistine Chapel.


Black smoke signaling, no decision white smoke signaling. We have a new Pope Cardinal's meeting this morning in Rome to set the official start date for the con claim coming up. President Trump and Ukrainian President Zelensky meet face to face at Pope Francis' funeral. As the administration enters a critical week for peace talks with Russia and the corporate media celebrates itself.


In DC There's a lot of talk about government debt, but after four years of inflation, another real crisis is personal debt. Some people are working harder than ever and still drowning in credit card debt and overdue bills. But there's Done with Debt now. Done with Debt, has unique escape strategies to help end your debt fast so you keep more of your hard earned money and Done with Debt. Doesn't try to sell you a loan or bankruptcy, their tough negotiators will go one-on-one with your credit card and loan companies with one goal to drastically reduce your bills, eliminate interest and erase penalties. Most clients wind up with more money in their pocket, month one, and they don't stop until they break you free from debt permanently. Take a few minutes and visit Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their strategists. It's free, but listen up. Some of their solutions are time sensitive, so you gotta move quickly. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


President Trump and Ukrainian President Zelensky on Saturday meeting face-to-face in St. Peter's Basilica ahead of Pope Francis' funeral. The two presidents seated practically knee to knee in chairs set out by church officials specifically for their private conversation earlier in the day, president Trump posting on truth social quote, the two sides should now meet at very high levels to finish it off, most of the major points are agreed to stop the bloodshed. Now we will be wherever is necessary to help facilitate the end to this cruel and senseless war. The backdrop to Saturday's meeting last week, Ukraine rejecting a US backed peace proposal, criticizing it as to biased toward Russia.


In response, Russian president Vladimir Putin launching a wave of missile strikes against Ukrainian civilian targets. Shortly after the conversation with President Zelensky, president Trump, again posting to truth, social writing quote, there was no reason for Putin to be shooting missiles into civilian areas, cities and towns over the last few days. It makes me think that maybe he doesn't want to stop the war. He's just tapping me along and has to be dealt with differently through banking or secondary sanctions. Too many people are dying. Secretary of State, Marco Rubio on Sunday telling NBC, the US LED peace effort between Ukraine and Russia has made real progress. But warning that the coming week will be critical.


This is not an issue of trust, it's an issue of building in these sorts of things. Verification, security guarantees, things that have been discussed in the past. All these things are being talked about here. All of these things. The last thing you want to do is give some side, one of the two sides, an excuse to walk away from this effort. We're just trying to achieve peace. At the end of the day, lemme remind everybody what we are trying to do is end a war that has cost a lot of money to us, to our allies, cost a lot of lives, destroyed a lot of lives, forced people by the millions to leave their country, millions of Ukrainians that no longer live in the country and have not been able to come back. We just want all this to stop instead of rooting against President Trump. Everyone should be hopeful that President Trump can bring this war to an end. 'cause it truly at this point is not good for anybody.


The secretary adding that while both sides are closer to a deal than at any time in the past three years, the final steps remain the hardest. Mr. Rubio making clear the US cannot continue pouring time and resources into the negotiations indefinitely and will reassess its involvement if real progress is not made in the days ahead. On Saturday in Washington DC, the White House Correspondence Association holding its annual fundraising dinner striking a noticeably more somber tone this year per tradition, the evening usually features, remarks from the president and a comedian roasting both the administration and the press. But this year, comedian Amber Ruffin's set was canceled after backlash over comments she made referring to members of the Trump administration as murderers, president Trump and White House Press secretary Caroline Levitt both declining their invitations just as President Trump did in his first term.


Also, notably absent the usual roster of a-list celebrities a sharp contrast from years past when personalities like Bradley Cooper and Scarlett Johansson filled the room. President of the Association, Eugene Daniels choosing to deliver the keynote speech instead. We, journalists are a lot of things. We are competitive and pushy. We are impatient, and sometimes we think we know everything, but we are also human. We miss our families and significant life moments in service to this job. We care deeply about accuracy and take seriously the heavy responsibility of being stewards of the public's trust. What we are not is the opposition. What we are not is the enemy of the people and what we are not is the enemy of the state.


Daniels recently left Politico to co-host a weekend show on Left-Wing Cable News Network, M-S-N-B-C-A network devoted to criticizing and demonizing President Trump media summarizing the event about themselves as follows, the Washington Post writing quote, without comedy or the president correspondence dinner presses on from the New York Times, quote, Washington's besieged journalists raise a cocktail Glass darkly a BC news writing quote, there was no president, there was no comedian. What remained at the White House correspondence Association's annual dinner on Saturday night were the journalists and the First Amendment, NBC anchor Kristin Welker presenting an award for overall excellence in White House coverage.


To reporter Alex Thompson of Axios. In accepting the award, Mr. Thompson, acknowledging the media's failures and delivering a blunt message about the responsibility journalists owe the public President Biden's decline and its coverup by the people around him is a reminder that every White House, regardless of party, is capable of deception. But being truth tellers also means telling the truth about ourselves. We, myself included, missed a lot of this story and some people trust us less because of it. We bear some responsibility for faith in the media being at such lows.


I say this because acknowledging errors builds trust and being defensive about them further erodes it. We should have done better. Yeah, except we, Alex didn't really miss the Biden story at all. The entire corporate media intentionally ignored or actively buried or downplayed it. So it's not really a matter of acknowledging errors. How about we start with what's true there? And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm me, Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one eleven@unonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.