
We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them for all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank


Net credit is here to say yes because you're more than a credit score. Apply minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net creditor lending partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partners. Net credit credit to the people.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. It's October, October 1st. I can't believe it. And you know what? Every October 1st I think of my nana. My nana was born October 1st, 1915. Can you believe that? 1915. And she passed back in 19, back in 2016 at 101. So I always think of her on this day. God bless, Nan, miss you every day.


And in greater news, it is the month of surprises when it comes to politics and the run up to a presidential election. So be on the lookout every day for whatever the October surprise or surprises will be. They always come. We never know what they're gonna be. And then any minor news that breaks, we ask, is this the surprise? Is this the surprise? And then boom, you get hit with a Hunter Biden laptop that gets suppressed by all the social media comp companies and also raised in a presidential debate and suppressed by the moderator. Boom. Today is also speaking of debates, debate Day in America. Just hours from now, the vice presidential candidates will square off for their one and only debate. And this will likely be likely, we think the final debate of the 2024 election cycle.


That's unusual. Normally the vice presidential debate does not go last. A quick programming note. We will be live tonight right after the debate ends for instant analysis. So be sure to tune in either to SiriusXM Triumph Channel one 11, or to our YouTube channel youtube.com/ m Kelly to hear our instantaneous reaction. Tonight's big event comes as the nation grapples with the devastation from Hurricane Helene. And then there's new bombshell reporting on Kamala Harris's running Mate Tim Walls, which hits conveniently the day of this debate and his ties to China both getting more substantial and less substantial on the same day. We'll explain.


Joining me now the guys from Real Clear Politics. You can find them across the dial right here on SiriusXM. They're on the POTUS channel 1 24 every night at 6:00 PM Tom Bevan is co-founder and president of RealClearPolitics Carl Cannon is Washington Bureau chief and Andrew Walworth is Chief Content Officer with the massive tax hikes proposed by Vice President Kamala Harris and almost 40% top income tax rate. My lower 7% increase to the corporate tax, a capital gains tax on unrealized gains. And the fact that she's proposing to add almost $2 trillion to a current $2 trillion deficit, you might be thinking it's time to make more of your tax sheltered savings and your inflation sheltered savings.


So I wanna tell you how to do that and that's why we're gonna talk about Birch Gold Group. Birch Gold will assist you in converting an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold. And the best news is you don't pay a penny out of pocket, just text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get a free info kit on gold. There's no obligation, just information on fortifying your savings before the crazy really hits. With an eight plus rating with a better business bureau and thousands of happy customers, you can trust Birch Gold as well. Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit today.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Great to be with you. Okay, yeah, thank, thanks. Megan, you take off one day. You were gone on Friday. I listen, Phil Wegman was there. Phil Wegman was, oh, I love, I love Phil Wegman. He's a great reporter. I, but I have a bone to pick with you Andrew and Phil, my friend Phil. And it relates to this, I dropped my makeup brush when I heard the following exchange on the RCP podcast. I don't, it was like the guys had been drinking, Tom, you went away and like somebody, they were smoking and they were, I dunno what happened, but listen to what happened while you were gone. Donald Trump may think he can, you know, trade land for peace.


There's no evidence letting or Putin even would take a deal like that. He, Sorry, I thought she sounded presidential. She sounded Churchillian. I thought it was just the right tone. And then, you know, for Trump, it's all about Trump. His first instinct is to talk about himself and his impeachment and How Zelensky helped Him. A small note to bene here, we heard from so many Democrats that the reason why Joe Biden couldn't step aside was because Kamala Harris was not a good candidate and she was not made of the right leadership stuff. Those, those democrats are, are wrong, it seems. Now Phil, Phil's not here, but Phil, that was very wrong.


What you said Churchill, Andrew Churchillian, Kamala Harris. Oh, well you're not the first person to, to make a comment about that comment I made on Friday. But I, and you know, those of us who are, you know, we're on the radio of a lot, we say a lot of different things, but I'll defend that to this degree. It was, for her, especially a very clear statement of where she felt the the administration should be. It was much clearer than anything Biden has said. And so, yeah, I mean, I think that the idea that, that we're going to sort of easily trade land for peace and Ukraine should be questioned.


And I thought it was a strong statement, so, well, I'll stand behind that. Okay. But you shouldn't, you should take it back. It was, it was a momentary insanity from a very sane man on a great podcast. Okay. So Tom, you can never go away again, we, we can add Phil, but he, Phil must be shot down when he says stuff like that because it absolutely was a valid concern about whether she could do it if she was forced to step in and take over the lead role, notwithstanding the fact that she put out one strong statement on Ukraine. She's been a mess. She's been an absolute mess. Well, listen, I, I am gonna have to talk to Phil about using the phrase no to Benny. I don't know where that came from.


Well, listen, I mean, I guess I will have to, you know, make sure that I'm around for every podcast from, from here on out, just to keep track of these guys and make sure, keep 'em in line, you know? Yeah, Exactly. That's right. Usually Carl's the one who's like bringing up the democratic points, which is good. It keeps it interesting. I like that. But I dunno, something happened. Okay. But speaking of how Kamala Harris is in front of a microphone, her running mate has his big chance tonight. And I don't know about you guys, but I am really excited for this. I can't wait to see how they do. I actually have high expectations for JD Vance and for Tim Wal. Though part of me, part of me does wonder, I know they put out that statement to CNN that more than a dozen campaign interviews interviewed with or aids interviewed with CNN saying, oh, he's very nervous and he's not a professional debater.


And they say, oh, we swear this isn't lowering expectations. It is lowering expectations. It's an attempt. But part of me does wonder if they're seeing any weakness, any wobbly, you know, answers to the point where they felt they needed to do that. I don't know. What do you guys make of the, the attempt to run defense and lower expectations mightily to CNN the day before? Well, Meghan, this guy was in the House of Representatives for years. He was, he's been governor of Minnesota. This idea that he's somehow a neophyte. JD Vance is the one who's only been in politics for two years. It's, it's, I think it's transparent attempt to, you know, yeah. Lower the bar.


It, it, I, I found it laughable. But you, you introduced a thought I hadn't, that hadn't occurred to me, which is that in this debate, Brett, maybe walls has been so off, off putting and weird that they, that they are nervous. I hadn't thought of that. I, I don't really think that's what's going on, but that's an interesting idea. We're gonna know soon. I don't know. What do you think, Andrew? Do you think there's actually a, a chance he's been kind of bad behind the scenes and they really are trying to make sure we don't expect too much of him? Or you think he's solid and this is just the expectation games so that anything even approaching a b will be received as, you know, by this media as an a plus?


Yeah. Well, I think, you know, Megan, that's an interesting question because I think two things could be true. I think they could be nervous about his performance. And the reason they would be nervous is not necessarily because they think he'll be bad, but because he's untested. This has been a really different campaign they've run where they've sort of run a basement campaign the way Biden did during Covid ID except there's no covid. They have really kept him away from the press. So nobody really knows how he's gonna perform in a, in a public setting like this. Everything has been scripted, everything has been off the teleprompter and even off the teleprompter, he hasn't said much.


So that's the big unknown. And you contrast that with JD Vance, who, who, you know, will walk into any microphone and talk for as long as they want him to talk. I mean, he's on all the Sunday shows, he's out and about and he's projecting I think, a sort of confidence that that might rattle the Democrats a little bit too, because JD Vance seems unafraid and waltz seems like he's not out there. And then the question is, why not? Maybe it's 'cause he's bad or maybe it's a strategy. We don't have to go too far to figure out how Waltz does in a debate, because he was the Minnesota governor twice.


I mean, he ran and won for Minnesota governor and we pulled a couple of debate clips. Here's one against Dr. Scott Jensen, who was the Republican he ran against last time. It was fast. I actually went back, this is what my team makes me do. I went back and watched that debate. Debbie Murphy pulled me on Happy Birthday Canadian, Debbie. So I did go back and watch Dr. Scott Jensen and Tim Wal, and I'll tell you for the first 10 minutes, you can't tell who's the Republican and who's the Democrat. She's like, what? Who is that guy? They're so mild mannered and they're so, like, they really wanna be seen as in the middle and centrist in Minnesota. And it's kind of amusing just to see from that standpoint.


And then eventually it was clear that Jensen was the Republican and they split on issues like abortion. And they split on issues like how he handled well handled the George Floyd riots. That was the only time it got a little spicy. And here's a bit of how that went and sought 11 Heading on the sidelines and critiquing. That's not what being governor is. It's making the hard decision at the time. I'm proud of Minnesota's response. I'm proud of Minnesota's first responders who were out there from firefighters to police, to the National Guard, to citizens that were out there. Anything that has to do with lawful behavior, it seems that Tim Walls isn't there. And he says, I'm proud of the way Minnesota responded.


Burn that into your psyche, Minnesota. I said, I was proud of the first responders. You may not be, but I was, this was an incredibly difficult and unprecedented incident. I don't care what he says about me, I care what he says about the folks who are out there doing this work. He means his 19-year-old cooks is what he's referring to. Can we Have to confirm, I clarify that Scott, like so many things took a clip of where I said we have a small percentage of the National Guard that is trained for civil defense. I'm trying to make the claim that this is somehow slanders of someone who doesn't understand that He did just fine, Tom. He actually was pretty strong. Yeah. Look, I think this is transparent, you know, lowering the bar.


He is a, as Carl said, you know, he was in the house as you mentioned, two term governor. He's debated plenty and I think he's gonna do fine. I mean, I, I'm, I'm also looking forward to this debate. I'm not sure how much it's gonna matter in the final analysis, but I think it is gonna be good television. These guys, I don't think they like each other. It's gotten kind of personal. They're both gonna come in with, with, you know, lots of arrows in their quiver. And I mean, JD Vance is going to be able to tear him up on all the lies that he's told about his, you know, everything from his, his, you know, record, his military record to all of these other issues he's gonna hit him on, certainly on the riots as well as other things including abortion, transgender rights, et cetera.


And then, you know, Tim Waltz is gonna be able to turn around and say, JD Vance, you know, you called Donald Trump, Hitler and you hated him until you liked him, and now you're, you know, stumping for him. So they're going to have a lot of, a lot of ammunition to go at each other with. And I expect that they will. And I think it's gonna be, it's gonna be a very lively debate. Now, do you guys think, I'll give this one to you, Carl. Do you think that each guy will try to make it about the guy across from him on stage or the two who are not in the room that JD spends all his time trying to attack Kamala Harris and Tim o spends all his time on Trump? Or no, it's gonna be man Amano about each other. Yeah, I think that Tim Walls will attack Trump.


I think about half the stuff will be aimed at, at the nominee, the presidential nominee and the other app of JD Vance. And remember that, that comment where that apparently got him chosen as the nominee where he went around calling the, the Republican ticket. Weird. That seems to me the latest thing I've heard about Tiananmen Square and Walls strikes me as a classic case of psychological projection. But I, I won't dwell on that, but to your question, I think that that, that weird comment that walls kept repeating until he got on the ticket, he aimed at, at Trump and JD Batz, both of them. So that's, that's, that's how he conducts, that's how he debates this and that's how he frames it. I think that JD Vance will maybe talk about the Biden Harris administration a lot, but I don't think he'll get as personal with Kamala Harris.


Just a hunch. Hmm. You mentioned the thing about China, we should get into, it'll stay on the debate and the tactics. I've got a bunch of good clips that I think you guys are gonna like, but the stuff about China is it's heating up and, and also, like I said, receding a little. So it turns out of the lies that Tim Wallace has told, and you know, we've covered the military ones in depth, including with an in-depth interview with four of his former service personnel that he, that he served with. He apparently has lied about how many times he's been to China. He said he'd been there 30 times, and it turns out it's not true. He's only been there 15 times.


And this was unearthed by, I'm trying to get the media organization that got it, but they figured out, look, that's a lot of time times to go to China 30. So send us the receipts. They asked the campaign, please send us the receipts. And he couldn't. And it's MPR news, which is Minnesota Public Radio. So they said, look, what do you have? And they, he, they said, we can only prove that he went there around 15 times. But to its credit, NPR reports that he claimed he'd been there 30 times, that he claimed to have traveled to China dozens of times. And that this is another instance of Tim Wal lying.


They also, Carl say that, that they, that he described being in Hong Kong in May, 1989 during the student uprising that culminated in Beijing's Tiananmen Square massacre, an assertion that is belied, they report by newspaper accounts at the time in which he's quoted as saying, as the following, as the events were unfolding. Several of us went in, he said at a 2014 hearing, commemorating the massacres 20th, 25th anniversary. I still remember the train station in Hong Kong, but they found pictures of him on the day of the massacre showing that he was working locally in Nebraska and saying that he would be leaving the following Sunday on route to China.


So he was not there the day of. He cannot possibly remember it as he claims he did during the student rising saying that several of us went in, he still remembers the train station. He wasn't there. So that's a long-winded explanation of what you just said, Carl. But these little lies over and over and over again really matter. Well, that's right. And you know, the me your memory can play tricks on you. And I think journalists, we, we, we all need to be careful of that. Do you remember Brian Williams? True. Megan, you, you knew him and I didn't think he was lying. I thought he was misremembering some of the events involved. So, so I try to be, I try to be charitable, but, but in, but in Wall's case, there's an underlying thing that, that I find bothersome.


And it's that I, Tom correct me if I'm wrong on this, we were, he got married on the anniversary of Tiananmen Square. Yeah. And he said that, he said that was so he could remember it. And, and that would be like, you know, I'm gonna get married on Joe Stalin's birthday, you know, so I can remember my anniversary or something like that. I mean, I'm getting married on April 20th, I'll never forget. Yeah. Or or September 1st, nine 11 invaded. Yeah. Invade bullet. I mean, if you're gonna pick a day, I mean, how about United Nations Day? That's my birthday. That's a nice neutral day. And I, and, and I I, I wanna come back to this. When you do something like that and then you go around calling other people weird, it, it, it seems like you're, you're, you're trying too hard.


Maybe maybe thinking of yourself. Yeah. Well, I I mean he, he just keeps getting caught Andrew over and over and over again. And it's bizarre. It is bizarre. He's got such an affinity for China who gets married on the day of a massacre. I mean, I used to date a guy who was born on April 19th, and he hated it because that's the date a bunch of terrible things have happened. Like, I think Waco happened on April 19th, I think it was Hitler's birthday was April 19th. You could, there's a, a lot of bad Stuff. I thought that's the 20th. Yeah, Well, I, my point is, most normal people run from negative events. He embraced it, he inflated by two, the number by two times the number of times he went to China.


And at the same time, we now find out, I think this is kind of convenient to be honest, but James Comer of House Oversight has issued a subpoena to DHS Department of Homeland Security saying, we understand that there has been talk on an internal non-classified Microsoft Teams group chat among DHS employees talking about the possibility of Tim Walls being somehow compromised at the hands of the ccp. Well, a couple things. One, it, it does show the danger of this sort of, you know, for shortened period where they, they chose this guy as their vice presidential pick.


I mean, this is the kind of stuff that might have disqualified him if he had been vetted earlier, maybe yes, maybe no, but they certainly would've gotten their story more straight on this. But, you know, he was, he was picked in a very short amount of time and picked for, you know, a couple reasons. One being that they wanted a, I think a white male from the Midwest, and he sort of fit their idea of sort of what a, you know, a sort of masculine guy would look like to pair with Kamala Harris, and he's a hunter and all that sort of stuff. And when he was in the house, he was sort of known as being someone who compromised more with Republicans, won a red district, all that sort of stuff.


But this China thing is really amazing, and we've talked about it a lot on our podcast because it is just one of those weird things to use his own phrase. I mean, to say, no, I've only been to China 15 times, not 30 when I'm a school teacher, is I, yeah, I don't know any school teacher who's been to communist China 15 times or talks about communist China the way he talked about it with his students. So that's, that's a real issue. And it does sort of, you know, because Americans don't know that much about him every time one of these things comes up where it looks like he's sort of fudged the truth, that becomes the narrative about who he is.


And that I think is the problem that he's having with there's, he's a blank slate. What do we know about him? What we keep hearing about him is every time there's a statement about him, it's about how he has not been quite truthful about something in his past. And so that, that that's a problem. But how much all this matters in the long run when, you know, when people go out to vote that that's, as Tom was saying, that's the real question. I don't, I don't know if Vice President choices make a big difference or not. You don't remember President Caucus, But Well, all right. It might be different this time for, for, for a couple reasons. One, because JD Vance will be, I mean, Donald Trump will only serve one term.


So JD Vance, from the day he gets in is sort of, you know, the, he Apparent sort Of the yeah, the heir apparent so that, that makes the JD Vance pick maybe a little bit more consequential, whether Well, and then there's pr, there's primacy and recency, right? And that's what you remember. The first thing you see and the last thing you see, and this is gonna be, we think the last thing the voters see when it comes to debates, at least this is not the way it normally is. Normally there are three presidential debates and one VP debate, and the, and the VP gets sandwiched in between, you know, the top dogs. But these guys, at least for now, Kelly and Conway is out there saying, I know Trump said no to another debate, but is it really a no, it might not really be a no.


So, and you know, Trump, if he says yes to anything, then every media network will say yes, we accept. I mean, it's really just a question of whether Kamala will follow through. Right now she's saying she'll do it on CNNI think Trump, I know he, he wants it to be on Fox or he said he'd do the NBC debate. He should say yes to the CNN debate because if he's gonna do it, 'cause I think last time that went pretty well for him anyway. We should assume it's the last, I think he should do it on your show. Can I should do it on your show, Megan? Totally. Yeah. Well, Not, I think he should do it on our show, but Oh, well, good point. Alright. Can I just add one thing? Alright, chili. Alright, Megan, sit in with us. Meg, wait a minute, Tom, that was my fault. That thing about your chili and Megan, I I I, I've gotta fess up 'cause I had said, I started it by saying I thought that Kamala Harris had a nice line when she's talking to Zelensky and she said, you know, isolation is not insulation.


And then these guys tried to outdo me first Andy, and then, and then Phil Wegman. I should have never gone there. I apologize. It's my fault. Yes. I, I accept, I actually hit the rewind, you know, the rewind 15 seconds. I'm like, there's no way I heard, I didn't just hear what I thought I Heard. Glad to hear I was more measured than they was If. you noticed. Can Can I just say something about this real quick? I mean, I don't know, If, you, I'm, everybody out there may know someone like this. There, there are people who lie just for the sake of lying. Like their lies don't even serve a higher purpose. Like why would you say you went to China 30 times when you 15? I mean, what's the difference? Why would you do that?


Why would he say, for example, the fertility thing? I mean, why would he just say, well, look, we've had experience with fertility, but no, he, he had to go the extra distance and lie. Why did he lie about being a head coach of a football team when he's an just an assistant coach and the team had success and he was part of it. He didn't need to do that. It's a little bit almost pathological, the, the, the way that he kinda lies about everything. And some of these lies don't even serve a larger purpose. And I think this might be one of those instances. Well, can I, it's a point I can I say C Clintonian? Is that okay? Since I said Ian, it's a little C Clintonian. Yes. I accept, I I guess so. I I have to think it over.


It's better. We're we're heading in the right direction that I know. No, you're right. With the Tim Wal problem. And, and I was thinking about it like if I were advising Tim Walls on how to get ready for this debate, obviously childless cat ladies is gonna come up. So is they're eating the dogs that's gonna come up and that's JD Vance's home state. And he, and I think JD Vance is gonna say, I had actual constituents come and complain about that to me. Fair game. You know, I checked out my constituents claims, many panned out, some were unprovable one way or the other. But, you know, this is an issue. And I think if he's smart, he'll pivot to let's talk about the dead people. Can we can, can we agree there are dead people, there are raped children in Nantucket. Can we talk about that?


Does anyone wanna spend some time on that? Governor Walls? Right? That, that's where I would go if I were jd. But I was thinking about what else are J d's vulnerabilities? He's got the dogs, he's got the childless cats, the dogs and the cats. He's got the negative comments about Trump, which you mentioned earlier. That'll definitely come back to haunt him. We read in the CNN report yesterday that they were preparing some sort of a line that Kamala was going to use against whomever she would be up against in her vice presidential debate. I mean, presumably JD Vance, remember when we still thought she was gonna be the vice presidential running mate? Something to the effect of what are you gonna do to ensure that Donald Trump doesn't hang you out to dry the way he did?


Mike Pence endangering his life on January 6th, though it was more cutting than that. I, I can't remember the phraseology. Okay, that's not a ton. That's not a ton. Which is why I think that Tim Wal will spend most of his time on Donald Trump. It's gonna be Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, trump, Trump, Trump. I don't think it's a fruitful area to spend time going after JD Vance and Yale. I just think most Americans get that this was an abused kid with zero advantages, who went off to serve in Iraq after he finished high school, came back, earned a double major at Ohio State in two years, and got himself with zero connections into Yale law.


Most of us look at that as an American success story. That's very dangerous ground for Tim Wallace to dance on. I just don't, I don't think he's gonna raise that on the presidential debates stage. I could be wrong. So I think it's gonna be all about Trump and I think JD I predict will do sort of the double because his whole point is to make the two of them look like the far left loons that the ads have painted them as that I personally think they are. And each one's got something more radical than the other. Go back to Kamala Harris 2019 and marry that to Tim Wal over the past four years as governor. And you have the perfect leftist dream team. So all he needs to do is each answer should just bring up one of those policies.


Just there's pick your top 12. You don't get to speak that often in these debates and weave as many of them as you can into every single answer. What do you guys think of that? Well, I think I would add one thing to that too. I I, I would advise them both to stay away from each other's military career because I think that's a non-starter with the American people as well. I think that denigrating anyone else's service, even If, you find reason to denigrate it, is just with the limited time you having a debate. I wouldn't, I wouldn't spend five minutes on it. And I also agree with you very much on not going after JD Vance about Yale. And I think that that waltz might do that.


And because he sort of that middle class appeal he's trying to make is that he stayed in the middle class, that he was sort of loyal to it in a weird way by, by becoming a teacher and not sort of leaving town or, and trying to make JD Vance seem like the guy who like, you know, left town, went to the big city, made a lot of money, it's almost like out of a Hallmark movie or something. And I, I just don't think that that will work. But I wouldn't be surprised to be goes there. Andy, can I add that, give Obligation to remain in the class in which you were raised? Go ahead, Ross. Yeah, right. Isn't that weird? But I I sort of got that feeling from, from, It's, yeah, it's an odd line of attack. I I, the other thing is they want, they wanna attack JD Vance for being making money in Silicon Valley.


And so if they attack him for going to Yale and Silicon Valley, they're attacking, you know, all of their mega donors and half their cabinet officials and the Obamas and the Clintons. Th that is an inadvisable thing. I don't know if fans will be able to, to, I don't know if Tim Walls will be able to resist it. The one thing I would think that JD Vance will focus in on is remember that last debate, and Megan, you had a devastating soliloquy on this where the a BC moderators didn't, didn't pro didn't actively behave as journalists. He can ask her, he, excuse me, he can ask walls to answer the questions that Kamala Harris wouldn't answer. If you if If, you could have done an executive If, you did an executive order at the border, why didn't you do it sooner?


Why are you trying to, you know, you're trying to make this Trump's fault because he didn't support some bill. But you could have done this for three and a half years. And I think in that sense, again, I think he'll go after the policies of Kamala Harris and Joe Biden. I don't think he'll go after Kamala Harris on a personal level, but there's enough there on the policy. Yeah, go Ahead. Well, you know, that's an interesting point, Carl, because what, what if he started raising, you know how Alex Thompson over at Axios has been doing a good job of asking the Kamala Harris campaign. Does she still stand by this position? Does she still stand by that position? And he's pulling them all up that she's on camera or in her own written hand taking in 2019?


What if JD Vance turned and just kept asking Tim Waltz, Kamala Harris is on record as supporting taxpayer funded sex change operations for prisoners and illegal immigration, illegal immigrants. Do you stand by that? Is that going to be a Harris Walls policy? You know, whatever she wanted to, she was very loose on the border and she didn't think that it was, it was a crime to cross into the country illegally. Do you stand by that? What do you say to the between 10 and 20 million illegals who are here now? Should they, they get to stay. They didn't commit any crime. What, you know, like bringing up all these issues that she's refused to answer to and making him, because you wanna see Tim Wall squirm do that? He won't even talk to the media right now.


He's so terrified of being out there more than her getting ahead of her. Remember when, wha what was it you guys where he was too afraid to talk about the people who had just been killed? Was it the Israelis who had be it was just a, an attack where he was like, oh, he ran at the Minnesota. He was, He was, he was a state fair and he was asked about the, the situation in Israel. Hostages. Hostages, yes. Oh, it was the hostages. Thank you. Poor hostages who have been, who have been murdered. Yeah. Yes. And including In American, he sort of turned on his heels. Yeah. And she, he was too afraid to even say, that is so sad. I'm terribly devastated. My condolences to the families, you know, God bless them.


That's doesn't take much. He couldn't even do that. So you, can you imagine trying to say like, she took this position, is that where you stand? She took that position. Is that where you stand? The American people deserve an answer. Oh, that's what he should do. Well, the other question a few hours, which I think everyone has been wanting to ask or I've always wanted to ask is, you know, Kane Harris said after that first debate that the guy, he was sharp as a tack. I think that was the phrase or something, and Exactly. Is that true? And, and you know, that's the question that I think I'm surprised that hasn't come up in any of the interviews so far with her, because that, that's the obvious question to ask, right?


There is an old, we have a couple of old JD Vance clips to look at too. People are familiar with him from his, many, many appearances on television over the past couple of months, but it's a little different. You know, presidential debate is a little different. Not that much different. I think he's gonna be good Based on what we've been seeing on TV Anyway, here he was actually doing some hand to hand to hand combat with Tim Ryan, who was the Democrat he ran against for his Ohio Senate seat back in October of 2022. They were arguing over the whole quote, great replacement theory and race sought nine. Great. This great replacement theory was the motivator for the shooting in Buffalo.


Yes. Where that shooter had all these great replacement theory writings that JD Vance agrees with Happening. So this is, this is disgusting. I'd hear, hear here's exactly what happens when the media and people like Tim Ryan accused me of engaging the grace. Great replacement theory. I'll you you're pedaling it. Exactly. Pedaling it. I'll you exactly what happens, Tim, what happens is that my own children, my biracial children get attacked by scumbags online and in person because you are so desperate for political power that you'll accuse me the father of three beautiful biracial babies of engaging in racism. We are sick of it. You can believe in a border without being a racist. I know you've been in office for 20 years, Tim, and I know it's a sweet gig, but you're so desperate not to have a real job that you'll slander me and slander my family.


It's disgraceful. Thank You Mr. Vance. I think, hold on Derek, real quick. I think you gotta get one more question. I think I struck a nerve. That was pretty good. What did you guys make of that one? Well, I liked Tim Ryan. I thought he was my kind of democrat, you know, working class defending the workers. And he got off on this, on this, you know, modern democratic party identity politics thing and he waited into it and I think JD Vance set him straight. And I, you know, that's, I I think that kind of thing's gonna come up again tonight and I'm sure Vance will be strong on it. That's just not where Tim Walls ought to go. But I just don't know, you know, if Tim Ryan went there, it makes me think all Democrats will go there, Megan.


It's like they can't resist anymore. It doesn't work against him. That's the problem, Tom. He, he is married to a, a Brown American and a non-white American as JD Vance says, and he has mixed race children. It's really tough to sell that he's this secret racist who's going to implement all sorts of racist policies that are gonna hurt black and brown people if he and Trump get elected. Totally. And I, I don't think that that Tim Wallace is gonna go there. Interestingly, I interviewed Tim Ryan just a few months ago on our podcast and because he was one of the ones, he wrote an op-ed for Newsweek. He was pushing very hard for Kamala Harris to pick Tim Walls. And then he's the only Democrat who's ever debated JD Vance stood on a stage with him and gone toe to toe.


I asked him if he was gonna do be chosen for debate prep. He said he'd love to do it if they asked him. Turns out they went with Pete Buttigieg instead. So that didn't work out. But I asked him, you know, what advice he would give Tim Wal when, you know, when he did end up debating JD Vance. And he said to just go after him be aggressive and, and hit him on all of his past comments. But again, that didn't work out so well for Tim Ryan when he did it. I think Vance did a pretty good job of, of pairing some of these attacks that, that Tim Ryan did. So we'll see whether, you know, Vance is up to the task when walls comes at, comes at him tonight. Here's a little bit more of JD Vance back in 2022.


Now this was, i i, this must have been a Republican primary debate because it's JD Vance up there with his Republican primary competitors to get the Republican nomination to run for Senate. And his opponents were fighting during this debate and watch how JD Vance handled it. It's reportedly one of the reasons that led Trump to endorse jd. I remember this in that race, not to pick him as vp, but to endorse him in that race and sought six Work Sir Josh Squat about two tours In Iraq. Don't tell me I haven't Worked. Don't tell me I haven't worked. You you Don't know squat. It's okay. Right? You don't know Squat Two tours in Iraq.


Don't tell me Ivan worked back off, buddy. You're gonna die. You backed Off. I just gotta comment on what we just saw. Look, as the only other person who served his country in uniform, I enlist to the United States Marine Corps. My mammaw had six grandchildren, three of them enlist in the United States Marine Corps. I think the way you use the US Marine Corps, Josh is disgraceful. It's not a political football for you to toss around. I mean, think, think, think about, think about what we just saw. This guy wants to be a US senator and he is up here. Hold me back, hold me back. I got two tours in the Marine Corps. What a joke For the listening audience. The two men were chest to chest, it looked like they were about to throw down.


JD Vans was seated and then stood up and made the that point. That was, I mean, that was a very good moment for him. I don't think it's gonna come to blows, you know, actual physical blows tonight, especially we have two female moderators, so I just feel like, no, but that was a great moment for him and do what it shows is that he saw an opportunity and he knew when to seize it. Right Tom? Like that's what I saw there. A a savvy, budding politician who thought this is my chance. Yeah, I agree. And you know, we talked about this earlier, but you know, we haven't really talked about the moderators and we'll, we'll see how they perform tonight. But JD Vance has been very good when he's gone on these Sunday shows of, of really pushing back on some of the questions that he is got.


I mean, obviously every time he is been, whether it's been on CNN or you know, beat the press or wherever it, it's been very sort of hostile aggressive questioning of his policy positions, his past statements, et cetera. And he is done a pretty good job of, of really pushing back against the, the, the questioning and the biases and, and so we'll see whether that happens tonight as well. But he's very good on his feet. Yeah. And he will definitely, he'll he'll be able to, to, you know, get some counter punches in when he sees the opportunity. For sure. We're not supposed to have fact checking tonight, Andrew, that CBS news. I mean, not at least from the moderators. So thumbs up, that's the right call. Let the candidates fact check each other.


But the CBS news is gonna have one of those QR codes on its broadcast so you can click on it to get the CBS News's fact check of what you're hearing. I mean, this is like this such a ridiculous bone to the left that wants the news organizations to play mother to the two candidates and, you know, settle the disputes like mom does rather than just, you know, let it happen the next day. Let let the two candidates fight it out. We don't need this arbiter with 20 CBS news, 22-year-old staffers in the back room, but at least they're not gonna be doing it on the set and in the moment.


Yeah, no, I think that's a great thing. I'm, I'm foursquare against fact checking during a debate. I think that's not the moderator's role and I hope that CBS no O'Donnell and her partner stick to that. We'll see, we'll see what happens with the little QR code. I I don't know if people really use those things or not. I think most people were political junkies. They, if they're, if they're like me, they've got their computer open and their phone open and they're looking at the Twitter feeds and seeing what their friends are saying and you know, I always wanna know what Tom's up to and Phil and that's what, that's what I do when I watch it. So I do my own fact checking.


I also, my wife is a recovering TV producer, so we will sit there and critique everything about the lighting and the mics and the background and everything. It's a great way to watch the debate. I highly recommend watching it with a news producer or a recovering news producer. That's the way to watch these things. Megan, may I just sense? Yes. Well I love the way I watch it, which is on a text chain with my entire staff and just Yes, right. You know, the back and forth is amazing. It's just cutting and cruel. It's wonderful. What were you Gonna, can I, can I wait, wait, can I, I wanna defend fact checking. I don't think the problem in these last few, you go all the way back to K Crowley's brain fart and, and then the a b the A, B, C people.


The problem isn't fact checkers. It's that a they fact checked only one side. So Donald Trump's wild exaggerations could be checked, but Kamala Harris is wild exaggerations. Were not checked. The other thing is that they got the fact, they got some of their facts wrong. So they're, they're fact checking, but there's, they're repeating misinformation. You know, I, I think moderators have a right, if a person says something that's wrong to say, well wait a minute, is it, you know, I, I did some checking, here's what I, and let the person respond. But they have to be right. They can't be just, they can't be dispensing misinformation themselves. It just gets, it's too confusing and it makes the press look partisan.


So that's my little speech Here is I agree with that. If you're gonna do it, you have to do it on both sides. But it on a the with the stakes this high at a presidential debate. I wouldn't fact check. I would be like, he's your problem, not mine. Here is another dynamic. Tim Walls, I know folksy, blah blah blah. I know, and I've been very critical of Tim Walls and his far left policies, but he is able to sell to some extent that folksy thing went in front of the right audience. And we saw that the first time he came out with Kamala Harris right after she chose him. So he's got the ability to charm if he unleashes it properly. You've got two female moderators.


So it does somewhat curtail the ability of a male candidate up there to absolutely pummel her. Right? Either one is just the women at home might not like it. It's a risk, it's an unnecessary risk if these moderators are too biased. JD Vance has been doing a good job on these CNN interviews, like with Dan Bash saying, would you like me to answer the question or would do? You just wanna argue your own points because you had me on here so he knows how to do it respectfully. But here's one of the things I see as a risk. Tim Walls is older, he's got the gray hair, he's a little chunkier. With all due respect, JD Vance has slimed down. He's gotten the nice suits, he's got the perfect facial hair now, the perfect hair, the piercing blue eyes.


And he runs the risk of coming across as slick versus this more avuncular, likable guy that you might have a beer with. And Tim Walls, that debate that we showed you with Scott Jensen, like you could see him being kind of like coming across or trying to as kind of nice. We pulled a clip of it. Here it is. We can disagree without using profanities. We can disagree with believing our neighbors love this country as much as we do and simply find solutions. I worked with the only divided state legislature in the country, and I am the first governor in Minnesota history to never issue a veto.


That's because compromise is a virtue and not a vice. Finding workable solutions to move the state forward is what one Minnesota means. It doesn't mean we all agree. It means we work across differences to live the lives that are best for our family. If that's urban, so be it. If it's suburban, so be it. If it's rural, so be it. But to keep dividing us and say this doesn't belong, that weakens all of us, we can do It. Alright. This was not, this was not at a debate, but it's Tim Walls doing his little routine that could prove very effective against a two slick JD Vance. Even though JD personally has a sense of humor, he is more serious, he's more reserved. And frankly, I know him a but he's been through more trauma in his life and I think she, he might not be able to be that completely jocular gee willickers kind of guy.


Well, yeah, I think that, you know, that's the reason, one of the reasons they picked Tim Walls for this job is just for that clip, which you showed Megan, which is that he is has on one side and, and certainly when he was in the house, been a compromise. Been someone who gets along with his, you know, with other people and, and he, you know, I mean, to give him his credit, he, he, he's, he seems like a nice guy. The problem he's got right now is that they've gone after the, the, the Republican ticket so hard that I don't know if he can walk that back and be the nice guy at this point he's called Tim, you know, I mean he's called JD Vance.


Weird, this cat lady stuff, which they keep rep repeating. So they've gone and, and they've sort of, you know, if your position is that the other side is the end of democracy and that has been the Republican, I mean the Democratic talking point all along, that this, this is so consequential because if Trump wins, it's the end of this country as we know it. It's hard to say at the same time, but, you know, we can all get along and we can be nice to each other and compromise. So it's, it'd be a hard needle for him to thread. I think you're right in that if he does it, that that's probably more effective. But I don't know if he can do it given the Rhetoric effect to this moment.


I really think JD Vz, if that happens, if he feels that dynamic emerging, he needs to have a line in his back pocket along the lines of Governor Wallace is a wolf in sheep's clothing. He comes across as an awe shucks, Minnesotan just a regular guy who coaches football. He's the guy who is making it possible for children in all the other 49 states to rush to Minnesota and have their genitals chopped off as minors before they're legally able to drive or get a tattoo Based on Planned Parenthood going into court and saying that person says they're trans and their parents won't affirm. That's because of him. There's nothing nice about him, there's nothing avuncular or pro-family about him.


He needs to have something like that because that's, that was my reaction to him. That's why Tim Wall scares me because when you see him out there on the stump with his price of right price of right entrance, like, Hey, hey, oh, here, I'm excited. I love it. I'm super happy. You're like, oh yeah, I'm happy too. He makes me happy. And then you actually start digging into this guy's policy and you think I am less happy by the second, I'm actually now scared and I, most politicians don't scare me. I don't know, I think JD Vance is savvy enough to have that. What do you guys think? Does he go there, make it, does he go to the trans refuge stuff? Does he go to the radical social policy that Wal has been unleashing in Minnesota To, and Nicole, I'll say one quick, I'll say, okay, you go Tona.


I think he does. I mean, I think that's part of, because that's what, you know, Trump just released this ad hitting Kamala Harris on the same thing. You know, the the transgender sex changes for illegal immigrants and prisoners, et cetera. I do think, look, j JD Vance has a real opportunity tonight. He, he has obviously gotten pretty bad press coverage. It's been pretty critical. His, his unfavorables are, are much higher than Tim Wall's or anybody else's for that matter at this point. But that's all been because it's been filtered through a media that has been very critical of him. He has a chance tonight to stand on that stage and without that filter and, and really show people who he is and maybe he'll be able to do that in a way that that really helps himself.


And we'll see whether, you know, to your point, Tim Walls already has that sort of, you know, coverage from the media and that's how he's viewed by a lot of folks. And we'll see whether he is able to, to continue to promote that as well. But I think, I think Vance because of how critical the press coverage has been, has a real opportunity to change people's opinions about him Based on what he, what what he does tonight and that and how he presents himself. Go ahead, Carl. Two quick things. Megan, you, you raised the possibility that JD Vance might be perceived by people just getting to know Miss Slick and I, I think that is a, I think that's something he should be careful with. I and I, you know, these candidates aren't really into self-deprecation anymore, but a little of that goes a long way.


And it seems to me, if he has an opportunity to do that JD Vance to to be self-deprecating in a way that doesn't compromise him or that nobody could seize on. I think he should take that opportunity. But the other thing is that you talked about these policies, Megan, how some of 'em are really quite far left and you know, they don't comport with the Middle America values that Tim Walz likes to, to talk about. But the other thing is the rhetoric. What, what Andy was talking about. If you're, if you're saying If, you could keep going around saying the other side, this will be the last election you ever had. Do Donald Trump's a dictator If, you vote for the Republicans, you're voting to end democracy.


That creates an environment where people who are unstable or violent, you know, act out. There have been two assassination attempts on Donald Trump's life. If I were, I think jv d JD Vance oughta, oughta ask walls directly if he thinks that his rhetoric has helped create this environment. Believe me, they do. So, so they, if it was the shoe was on the other foot, the Democrats would do it. Yeah, that's exactly right. I will say if JD Vance does not mention the name Mammaw, I will fall off of my sofa. That must be done. But humanizing and a great personality who millions of Americans know thanks to his book, hail Billy Elegy and the movie, I think we're gonna hear Mamaw, we're gonna hear Coach, we're gonna hear Cat and we're gonna hear dog.


And I'm not sure what else we should put on our drinking bingo card, but give us some thought and I'll come back to you after the break and I'll ask for, for a word from each of you as the guys from real clear politics. Stay with me.


Hungryroot is one very easy way to eat healthy. They send you fresh, high quality groceries, simple delicious recipes and essential supplements. It's like having someone else do all the planning and shopping so you don't even have to think about it. Hungryroot gets to know your personal health goals, dietary restrictions, favorite foods, how much time you wanna spend cooking and more. And then they build you a personalized cart for the whole week, including easy four ingredient recipes to put those groceries to use. I like that. Four ingredients even I can do that. Each order is fully customizable. They've got fresh produce, high quality meat, healthy snacks, and more. Everything from Hungryroot follows a simple standard, it has to taste good, be quick to make and contain whole trusted ingredients. Hungryroot is offering the Megyn Kelly Show viewers, 40% off your first delivery and free veggies for life. Just go to Hungryroot dot com slash megan to get 40% off your first delivery and get your free veggies too. That's Hungryroot dot com slash Megan. Don't forget to use our link so they know we sent you.


Net credited is here to say yes because you're more than a credit score. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at netcredit.com/partners. Net credited credit to the people,


I have as much experience in the Congress as Jack Kennedy did when he sought the presidency. I will be prepared to deal with the people in the Bush administration if that unfortunate event would ever occur. Senator Benson, Senator. I served with Jack Kennedy. I knew Jack Kennedy. Jack Kennedy was a friend of mine. Senator, you're no, Jack Kennedy. That was really uncalled for. Senator, Senator who, you're the one that was making the comparison.


Senator and I'm one who knew him well. And frankly, I think you're so far apart in the objectives you choose for your country that I did not think the comparison was well taken. Seems so civilized, mean, but civilized. Welcome back to the Megyn Kelly Show. My guests are the guys from the RealClearPolitics podcast and SiriusXM show. Tom Bevan, co-founder and president of RCP Carl Cannon, Washington Bureau Chief and Andrew Walworth Chief Content Officer. So it wasn't a great moment for Dan Quail, but he won. So it is kind of like, do do the big moments matter or don't they?


What do you make of that when you look back at sort of these vice presidential debates over history? Eh, is there one you can point to that really changed the trajectory of the race? Well, Carl Was there for That one. So you should talk about, tell him about that. Right. Well, I actually was, I co I, yeah, I covered that one. It was, it's If, you know, Megan, you played that clip. It's the most devastating exchange in a vice presidential debate. It had no effect on the election. Right. You could also ar you could argue it was a bit of a cheap shot. You know, quail wasn't really comparing himself to Jack John F. Kennedy. He had been asked three times by three times by the moderators about his experience. Like you've only been in the Senate one and a half terms. You would house, you're 41 years old.


And he was, the point he was making is that John F. Kennedy had about the same amount of government experience. What I think Lloyd Vincent was a good campaigner, but I I, what I thought at the time bothered him about it was Dan Quayle's draft record. He, he went in the National Guard and John F. Kennedy was a war hero. And, and Lloyd Benson was a war hero. He, he flew 35 combat missions in World War two. He, Jack Kennedy was not really a friend of his, but they were colleagues and they were former comrades in arms. And I think that he, that was the point he was making. But we've moved way far beyond that now. I mean, George W. Bush went in the Air National Guard to avoid Vietnam.


You know, bill Clinton pulled strings Bill. And so, you know, that's, I don't think people care about that kind of thing. But If you, if you're trying to think that this debate tonight matters in the outcome of the selection, you're hard pressed to prove it by previous vice presidential debates. Right. Well, it's much more interesting what's happening at the top of the ticket Now, Kamala Harris continues her, you know, it's the Presidential Protection Program basically light. Maybe it's not quite as bad as Joe Biden in the basement, but it's pretty bad. And I've heard you guys talk about it on your podcast too. She really has done next to no interviews. And the ones she's done have just been so sorely disappointing. I they don't really qualify as real interviews.


I mean, it's the, the Oprah thing was a, was an ad. It wasn't an interview. And she's Oprah's not a journalist. And that was very obvious. So the now columnist sits down with these former NFL players on this podcast. Okay, sorry. NBA, you know, B Sports. Yeah. You know, I don't, whatever. It's the same thing. Basically, very strong men who play sports with a ball. She sits down with these guys and she made some news for her. Typically meandering, long-winded word salad answers. But this one escaped our notice until yesterday. Would you look at this Last question?


As someone who's broke a ton of barriers throughout your journey and your journey is continuing to elevate, what does it mean to you to be the first woman president, but the first black woman as president? Yeah. Well, not there yet. Knock wood. You should never hear nobody like you has done this before or it's not your time or they're not ready. Like, don't hear that. Don't hear that I eat no for breakfast. That's my saying. Well, I Think too, we Talked about I eat no for breakfast. Oh my God. Okay. See, she's taken the John Wayne routine to a, the next level. Her John Wayne routine has to do normally with the border. I as a border straight prosecutor and I got them their illegals out of that.


No, that she, she tries to act like she's a John Wayne like figure in the state of California as Ag G trying to crack down on illegals. It isn't true. And here she could do I, eat know for breakfast, which reminded me of the actual article John Wayne watch. Well, here's my word. Get the hell off my spread now get down off them horses I don't favor. Looking up to the likes of you. If, you say three Mr. You'll never hear the man count 10 every time you turn around, expect to see me. There's one time you'll turn around and I'll be there. Stand anything goes wrong. Anything at all. Your fault. My fault.


Nobody's fault. It don't matter. I'm going to blow your head off. If, you do that again and I'll break every bone in your body. Well, I'm gonna use good judgment. I haven't lost my temper in 40 years, but pilgrim, you caused a lot of trouble this morning. Might have got somebody killed and somebody out of belt you in the mouth. But I won't, I won't. The hell I would Just Like Kamala. It's the same I know for breakfast. What do you make of her John Wayne routine? Tom? She would not call anyone pilgrim. That would be politically incorrect. Right. Agreed colonizer.


Exactly. Yeah. Look, the, the, this, I was saw some other clips from that interview. She talked about, you know, her, her best friend when she was little and you know, she's doing these again, these things. Yeah. But not, not really getting, I think the substance out there. She's not really getting the substance out. And to your point, the past week or so has been this, you know, real push to make her seem like she's, she's really tough on the border and she's been, you know, trying to push this idea that, you know, she was tough on crime back when she was the Attorney general of California.


And her record just simply doesn't support it. I mean, that's where the problem lies. I mean, she is really trying to, to, and, and part of this is she's trying to run as a, some someone different, a different direction. The the challenge or not the incumbent. When it all comes back to, well, what have you been doing for the last few years? And that's a question that she just, she's really struggled to answer. No matter how tough the talk is. It is belied by the record on a lot of these issues. The border being the primary one. And, and that's a problem she hasn't been able to solve. Well, here's what jumps out about it to me. You know, the, the audience has heard me say before, the seven foot center doesn't tell you how tall he is.


If, you gotta go out there and say, I eat no for breakfast. It's a lie. It you don't actual tough guys or gals don't talk like that. They don't have to. And this, as it turns out, is one of her favorite sayings, which was unbeknownst to me until she used it on these NBA former players. Look at this. Watch I eat no for breakfast. Another thing I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no until maybe the 10th time. Don't hear no, don't hear no I eat no for breakfast. Oh my god. You know what I eat no for breakfast.


I eat no for breakfast. I eat eggs. No I eat no for breakfast. Oh. gosh, someone says it can't be done. Say, I can't hear that. I have a motto. I drink I, eat and drink. No for breakfast. Oh, both of it. Drink it. What did you tell yourself? It yourself to keep going? Just to bypass all that I eat no for breakfast. I know that's right. Let me just tell you. I eat no for breakfast. It's a hearty breakfast. Oh, gosh, don't hear no I eat no for breakfast. Don't hear No. Always believe in what can be unburdened by what has been, oh, I was just gonna say it's the new unburdened, but she actually did the combo there.


I I would like to give you just another chance to dial back. Churchillian Andrew, I rest my case. He Ate Germans for breakfast. Yeah. Okay. Once again, I was talking about that uncomfortable statement that she made. Not this one, but you know, it it, it raises another interesting point, which is just, you know, this strategy of not doing the mainstream press, but being on these podcasts and, and YouTube shows both candidates and both the teams are doing it. You know, this, this podcast, which is on, it's called, it's called All That All The Smoke.


And it's hosted by two former NBA players. They're both former warriors. Tom might know better than me, but I'm pretty sure that's, they're both warriors and they have a million subscribers on YouTube. So, you know, not as big as Mel m Kelly for sure. But important place. And you know, they're trying to reach out to mail voters. They have a lot of problem with young men, young African Amer American men in particular. So just in terms of where are you gonna show up and who you're gonna talk to. I don't think this was a crazy idea. I thought it was pretty good. And I've listened to the same clips. She did talk about that she's for legalizing marijuana and she's admitted before that she smoked when she was in college.


But that was sort of the only sort of news she made on these, on that podcast. But it's not about making news, I think it's about getting her in front of a young demographic, particularly male demographic and particularly African American and okay. But What's interesting about that strategy, Strategy is not, not a bad idea. Well, you watch Trump doing it. He's been, you're right, he's been doing it too. He like went on Sean Ryan, the Oon, he's done a lot of these podcasts that have very high male viewership, I presume. And the difference I would suggest is that more exposure to Trump in that setting will make these young men like him. And I don't think you can assume the same for her.


She's very off-putting, I just can't find, I can't imagine that young black men are gonna listen to her talk like that and be like, that's my girl. Yes. Right. She eats no for breakfast. These, it's just, there's no man who's going to say, she's my champion. I am I crazy. Maybe I've just lost the ability to see how others see her. Tom or Carl. I, I can't imagine the man. Well, she, it, it's, it's unpersuasive Megan, I mean, I I'm from California who in California politics has ever told her no for any meal, breakfast, lunch, or dinner.


I mean, the, the thing you, she says it so she says it so often, you start weighing it. Wait a minute. Does that make any sense? She has these same, I, I don't know, she has these same three or four vignettes and stock phrases. And the question kind of pops into your mind. Has she really led that uneventful of life? I I just, there's something missing there and I can't put my finger on it. Hmm, that's a good point. Point you, I mean, I, I imagine Willie Brown's wife was feeling No, and that was eaten for breakfast by Kamala Harris. They were estranged. They were estranged at the time. Go ahead Tom, what were you gonna say? I was just Gonna say, you know, I, in a prior life, before I started real clear politics, I was an advertising and marketing.


And there was the phrase that, that we use called, you know, you spend a strength, right? And we see this where it's, it's, it's probably, I understand the strategy, right? We're gonna, we have trouble with men, so we're gonna go try and convert some men into, into Harris voters. But to your point, Megan, that's not necessarily an easy task. Her strength is with women. And it's probably better for her to go on female podcasts and be able to convince one more woman who's on the fence about Trump make the same, make the arguments. And she would be much more believable. She would be much more empathetic and be able to make a connection as opposed to trying to convert a new voter away from Donald Trump.


So maybe it's, maybe it's the right strategy, maybe it's the wrong strategy. But I, I kind of agree with you. I mean, and we've seen the gender gap this year is as big as it's ever been. In some polls it's 35, even 40 points. It's massive. And she's obviously doing well with women, but, but really, really struggling with men. So that's clearly a strategy and we'll see whether it pays off or not. Tom, lemme stay with you for a second because she's also struggling with Latino voters in a way we haven't really seen on the Democratic side. I don't know in a long time, if ever there was just the latest was an NBC poll. It was registered Latino voters showing that the headline was Democrats Advantage with Latino voters continues to shrink.


It showed her with a 14 point percentage point advantage over Trump with Latino voters overall, Harris at 54, Trump at 40. But historically, in 2012, Dems were plus 44. Plus 44 with Hispanics in 16 Dems were plus 38. In 20 it was Dems plus 33. So that plus 14 now looks downright puny. And with Latino men, they're tied 47 to 47. Biden had a plus 20 lead over Trump with Latino men. So what's happening there? Well, I mean, it's, it's a, it's a massive shift.


And If, you go all the way back since 1980, we just did an analysis of this since 1980. Democrats have had a 33 point advantage on average in every election since 1980. And as you mentioned, Biden was right there at 33. The, actually, the biggest was Bill Clinton's reelection in 1996. He won the Hispanic vote, he got 72%, he won it by 51 points over Bob Dole. And then Barack Obama's reelection in 2012, as you mentioned, 44 points. He got 71% of the vote. The highest Republican support that has been gotten in recent memory was, was George W. Bush, his reelection, he got 40, 40 points.


Trump's currently at 42 in an average of the most recent national polls in that Telemundo poll, he was at 40 and others he's been higher. So it's a big problem. And as you mentioned, same thing with with black voters, it skews right. Gender based. So, you know, Trump's getting more support among men, Hispanic men and black men. But overall, I mean, a a 14 point advantage on Hispanics is, is not gonna get it done. And certainly not in a lot of these swing states when you think about, you know, Nevada, Arizona, Georgia, North, Carolina, I mean that is just not good enough. So they, they have a lot of work to do and not a lot of time to do it. Yeah. The Democrats do. Yeah. Not good enough for the death. Yeah. And I'll tell you just a couple things you could missing.


The secret reason, Andrew, I'll give this one to you. Okay. Maria Hinojosa, who had a show on public radio and is an M-S-N-B-C contributor sees a different reason for the trend amongst Latinos toward Trump slot 29 watches. Why is that? Why is the democratic share of the, of the Latino vote shrinking? And what I said to you when we asked the question was, Latinos want to be white, they want to be with the cool kids. They wanna be, I mean, asking Latinos all the time and they just say, well Donald Trump, he's such a good businessman. It's like, no, he's not.


He had bankruptcies, but they don't wanna be identified with all of those other immigrants that Donald Trump speaks so badly of, including me as a Mexican immigrant. So they're like, we'd rather we, let's be with him. But those numbers, they could cause Kamala, Harris, the election, everything that I've been saying that Latinos could push her over the top. These are the numbers that could also take her down. And I, Andrew, it's because they wanna be white. That's the secret reason I was gonna say I agree with her on one point, which is that these numbers are bad for Kamela and it could po possibly make the difference, especially in a couple of those swing states.


But that is just, that's a horrible way of viewing America. And it's a horrible way I think of viewing any groups. And we've done this to ourselves by carving the, the country up these sort of demographic categories and expecting them to act as a block. And anyone who really knows the Hispanic voting block, and I'm talking about like people like Peter Scar and other people who are really expert on this, know that there is such a wide variety among the people who are, who we've categorized as Hispanic, they're very different. Cuban, Cuban Americans are very different. They can Mexican Americans, they all have separate, you know, stories.


The evangelical la la latino immigrants are very different than the Catholic immigrants. So we shouldn't lump them all together. That's my first thing. But it, if you're going to lump them together, looking at those polls that Tom was talking about, you were talking about Latinos are not with Kamala Harris on the border. They, the borders, they trust Trump over Kamala Harris by, I think, I think it's double digits now. And their number one issue is the economy, just like most Americans. So they, you know, it, it's a big voting block. 20% of the voters in Nevada and Arizona are categories as Hispanic or Latino.


When you get to 20% of any sample, you start to look like the sample itself. I think. So that is just, that's my two bits on it. And I think that we really, if I, if I were running things, I wouldn't even talk about the Hispanic vote. 'cause I don't think there, I don't think there is such a thing anymore. How do you like that? Oh, well maybe they've become white, maybe they've achieved their secret goal according to Maria. Well, well that's, that's, that's, that's a weightless thing to say, isn't it Megan? What she said on that. I mean, what Maria said. Yeah, Yeah. But, but the point is, is that latt immigrants believe in the American dream. And so If, you have a party that's constantly denigrating the country.


You're gonna be culturally at odds with them. Mike Madre, who knows a lot more about it than most people, long, he was Republican politics in California for three decades, wrote a book. I think he came out in June and he said that Latinos are the new are the, of this cycle or the Reagan Democrats of 1984. And for the same reason, because they believe that the Republican party now speaks for working class people. And so, you know, the Roosevelt, if that's true, the, the, the Franklin Roosevelt Coalition is now officially dead. The Republicans have emerged at least in the minds of working class people as the party of working of the working class. And that encompasses most Latinos.


It's remarkable. The last thing to say about it real quick, Megan, is just that it's the fastest growing portion of the electorate in the United States. It was 10% in 2012. It was 13% in 2016. And now projected to be this year, 14.7% of all eligible voters will be Hispanics. And, and that's, you know, that is now the, the largest group minority group in the United States. I think you mean La Tinks, but I'll forgive it on the fly. Is that how you Say that, Megan? I've always wondered how you say that. I thought it Was Latinx. It depends on who you ask. We actually did a deep dive on this trying to figure it out. Is it Latinx or is it la tx And there's a division amongst the experts.


Of course, Carl, you mentioned earlier, like 20 minutes ago about something about the rhetoric around Trump. And you know, how, how, if he's Hitler, that's how you have to behave. You have to see that all the way through. And it's been 15 days since the second assassination attempt on his life. It's completely forgotten. Absolutely. No one is mentioning anything about it the other than you guys. I haven't seen secret service stories. God bless Susan Crabtree. He's doing such a great job for you guys. I go to her all the time. I mean, she was just on your show the other day. She's amazing. But as you know, she stands alone for a number of reasons. And just this morning there was a Princeton professor by the name of Eddie Glade who was on M-S-N-B-C.


He started crying over Trump's dog's rhetoric and listened to how he described Donald Trump two weeks after the man had a second attempt on his life. Watch, He's dangerous, he's dangerous to particular people. And the history of the country is such that we can't play fast and loose with it, fast and loose with, does that make sense? But isn't it, isn't it incumbent on all of us to protect the people who are in danger by him, by making, but you never have. That's the, that's the rub you never have because we gotta keep this chaite out of office.


'cause if he comes in, our babies are gonna be in danger. 'cause remember, those young children are gonna grow up with the memory of having to not go to school for the threat of bombs. And somebody told 'em that their moms and dads eat cats eats. If they eat cats and dogs, I'll, I'll get myself together, Claire. Okay. Take a minute. Deep breath. Well, what about that? I understand, I understand what you're saying. He's dangerous. Carl, downright dangerous. Yeah, he's the dangerous one. Yeah. So this is, this is the point I was making. I'll, I'll expound a little bit. When, when Bill Clinton was president and the, the country's red discourse seemed to go off the rails for a while, there were people, there would be an event, rush Limbaugh would say something terrible about Bill Clinton's daughter or, you know, and then later when Gabby Giffords was shot and, and the media and the Democratic party were very quick to look at Republicans and conservatives and to, and to ask them to pose the question, do you feel at all responsible for this rhetoric?


Yes, it's an unhinged person who did this thing, but you create an environment where unhinged people are going to listen to you. And, and if, and so, you know, you said that Bill Clinton is a socialist or whatever you said, you know, that he doesn't want, you know, he'll kill babies. Well, I, those principles were right. It's incumbent on people when they're talking to be at least in a measured, at least in an area where they're not demonizing the other side and then the Democratic party. And much of the media has done this now for eight or nine years with Donald Trump. And I, you know, we talked about this in our podcast as you know, Megan, I mean, two, two women tried to kill Jerry Ford in a 17 day period.


So, and, and he was the most benign person we've ever had in that office, right? The least offensive. So you can't totally go by what the nuts do, but you think these people would use their own standards that they applied to Republicans on violent rhetoric. And at least think about what they're saying. And I just don't see any evidence that they're doing that. And you see, when they go on M-S-N-B-C, the anchors not only don't try to reign them back, they encourage 'em and try to push 'em to say even more incendiary things. I I, it's a problem. It's a problem. No matter who wins this election, how are you gonna govern a country of 330 million people when half of the people who vote think the the winner's a monster? And the winner wants to, you know, and the, and the loser think, or or the winning side think, thank God those, those people would've killed us.


They would've killed our babies. It's not, it's not helpful. And I expect, I I blame the, the media for a lot of this. That's not our, our historic role is to bring people back from the brink and to remind them of what unites us. And you just don't, you there, there, you see less of that and far, far too little of it than is needed. There's my speech and What happened there. Now I like your speech. And what happened there, Andrew, was instead of the anchor Nicole Wallace even trying to fact check that Trump's rhetoric led to bomb threats, which is not proven at all. We know that Trump said what he said during the debate. We know that there have been some testimonials out of Springfield to that effect and had been at the time.


And then we know that there were bomb threats that came from some foreign country that was described by the governor as a hoax. It was a hoax not upset Republicans about the dogs being eaten. Not that this was in no way the fault of Donald Trump, at least not according to any evidence we've seen, but she allowed that guy to pin it on Trump as evidence that he is dangerous. I mean, it's just completely reckless the way the media behaves, the way M-S-N-B-C has been behaving. And that panelist, I mean the Princeton, remember when we used to wanna go to Princeton, we looked at places like Princeton and Brown and Harvard as like the great places to, for us to wind up or now our kids to wind up those days are gone.


Go ahead, Andrew. Well, You should have called on Tom. He went to Princeton. Yeah, Tom, I blame you. Is really what I'm, what I'm trying to get at. Well, I think that, that they see this causality as only being in one direction too, which is the other problem. The idea that, as you say, it's been not been disproven that Trump's rhetoric had anything to do with those bomb threats. But if that were true, why wouldn't it be equally true that the democratic rhetoric would be driving people to make these assassination attempts and threats against Donald Trump? I mean, you can't have it one, one way and not the other, you know? So I think that's, you're exactly right. The problem. And, and yeah, I mean, I think, you know, Carl's very eloquent on this and that's why we have him on the radio and he's so good, is that our job in the media is to try to bring the rhetoric down a little bit and have, you know, good disagreement and policy differences and argue and have fun doing it.


At least we, we try to. But you know, at the end of the day, there is a lot more that unites us than divides us as a country. And we should be reminded of that from time to time by our media. Even though I don't think that's the media's primary job. The media's primary job is to mine these differences. And to show their li listeners, their readers, their viewers try to get politicians to go on the record and say what they're going to do if they had power. We, we give these politicians so much power in this country right now, and we do have a responsibility to uphold their feet to the fire and find out what they, what they're gonna do. And I think we've, what I think we've failed largely in that regard, at least with this current ticket on the democratic side.


You Know, I'll tell you this, Tom Bevan, I went to Syracuse, did not go to Princeton, and my roommate in, in, in my dorm and then for a couple years thereafter, was from the town of Princeton and had gone to Princeton Day School growing up. And so I would go back to Princeton with her from time to time and we'd go to the reunions, which were very big at Princeton and, you know, such a collection of smart people like you. And I remember thinking, God, what a wonderful place it seems just has such a character. It's everyone seems to really be very proud of the fact that there are from Princeton, blah, blah, blah. Imagine yourself back when you went, I, I feel like we're around the same age, walking into a classic Princeton sitting down with this guy and getting the tears crying about how dangerous the Republican presidential candidate is.


Then getting the finger pointed at you. You haven't stopped it. You white person, which is a clear implication in Nicole Wallace. You haven't, you haven't stopped it by this man who's blubbering about non facts about made up facts. We don't know why some unknown foreign actor called him bomb threats. It could have been to try to make Trump look bad. It could have been in response to the Springfield City Council meeting at which all of these claims were made on camera. We have no idea. But imagine the amount of disinformation and emotionality being thrust at you at Princeton University where this guy teaches Right along with Paul Krugman and, you know, some, some other left-leaning individuals.


Yeah. Look, obviously Princeton campus is, is way different today than it was when I was there, you know, 35 years ago. So as, as are most college campuses around the country. But the, the other thing that bothers me about this is a, a lot of this rhetoric is that, you know, Trump's already been in office. I remember in 20 15, 1 of my kids came home from school distraught. He was in the second grade. And because his teacher had told him that if Donald Trump was elected, that his friend who originally came was from China, was gonna be sent out of the country. I mean, these were the Oh wow. The sort of fear that was being pedaled.


Right? If Donald Trump gets elected, this will happen. All these terrible things will happen. Well, Donald Trump got elected. You may like him, you may not like him. You may hate him. The country didn't end. You know, we didn't have all these terrible things, you know, happening. And, and so here we are now again, you know, he's already been president. What is Eddie? Glad, what does he think? He thinks that, you know, he's trying to pedal this fear that all these things are gonna happen and to, to all these terrible things, to all these Americans. And I, I simply think that most Americans don't think that because we've already lived through a Trump presidency. Again, whether you liked it or didn't like it, the world did not come to an end. And, and so a lot of this stuff is fear-mongering falls flat to a lot of people.


I will say to the professor, what no woman wants any man to say to her? Calm down. Just calm down. As Henry used to say, when we co-hosted co-hosted America's newsroom sim ther Okay, just sim ther, we're gonna be just fine. Okay, you guys, what a pleasure as always, love seeing you all. And Andrew, I accept your apology and I forgive you. I'll keep him in line, Megan, don't worry. Good man. Good to see you guys. Thanks. Thank you. Alright, coming up next, Joe PAGs is here. Looking forward to talking to Joe PAGs. Lots to go over


if you're tired of the same old coffee from those mega corporations pushing their woke agendas, listen up. It's time to take a stand and support a brand that truly embodies American values. Blackout Coffee, they stand with hardworking Americans who believe in family faith and freedom. They roast some of the most incredible coffee you will ever taste using only premium grade beans roasted and shipped to you within 48 hours. And for the Cold Brew fans, Blackout Coffee is excited to announce the launch of their two new ready to drink cold brew coffee latte options. Don't settle for less. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. Head over to Blackout Coffee dot com slash mk or use the code MK for 20% off as your checkout off your first order. Blackout Coffee dot com slash mk. The code is mk, join the movement. Taste the difference. Remember, with every sip you are supporting a brand that stands for America. Be awake, not woke.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life Atlantic Union Bank is on board 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them for all the ways you bank, call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partners. Net credit credit to the people.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply


Here to join us with more in advance of tonight's big vice presidential debate, my friend Joe PAGs, host of The Joe Pags Show, which you can find@joepags.com. Alright, Joe, great to see you again. So what are you looking for in watching tonight's big debate? Megan, thanks for having me back on. I'm sorry I'm a little sluggish today. I'm busy eating a lot of no for breakfast, Drinking it too, right? I I'm looking forward to you minding your own damn business. That's what I'm, I'm looking forward to that. I'm, I'm looking forward to how Walls is gonna sort of frame himself as Minnesota. Minnesota, Tim, you're just a regular guy and JD Vance is the elitist from Harvard or from Yale I should say, when in reality we know the story of JD Vance.


He's the Appalachia kid who, you know, we, we know his entire full story waltz. We have no idea why he was in China. We know that he lied about his military service, but he's gonna try to frame himself as the regular guy that gets the regular American. And JD Vance is way above everybody. This this hotty toddy lawyer guy. I don't think it's gonna work. I think that people know who JD Vance is and I think that they don't know who Tim Walls is. This is literally his opportunity to say, this is who I am and he's gotta keep the act up. It's not easy when you keep lying and he's been lying about who he is for a long time. Meghan, do you know when he went to China and how long he was there? Was he in the National Guard when he was in China? What was he learning in China? Was he teaching Chinese economy really to Minnesota school students?


We don't know anything about this guy, but he's gonna pretend like he's just the regular guy. Yeah, I know a lot of trip trips to China. I think that the James Comer thing saying, I have a whistleblower from inside DHS saying there's internal correspondence amongst DHS employees on a, on a group chat expressing concerns about him potentially being compromised by the C ccp. That smells to me like a favor to team Trump Vance to leak such a thing on the day of the vice presidential debate. I agree. Yeah. But separate and apart from that, it's a fair question. I mean, who else has gone to China now? It's 15, used to be 30, now it's 15, 15 times. Who says he's never been treated so well in all of his life, who praises it as a wonderful place where they just share where the doctor makes the same as the construction worker.


It it absolutely embracing, you know, the communist approach to like that, that all sounds very weird. And comer's letter does raise a good point, which is the State Department has been actually concerned about China trying to turn or reach out to our gubernatorial leaders for quite some time now. So it's not all smoke and mirrors. Well, it's not. And his former students all say he was very, very high on China. Listen, I've gone to China, I adopted my daughter Gia from China. I'm not against the Chinese people, but the system is scary when you're there. You know, you're not in America when you're there, you know that you're under authoritarian rule. You realize that. You feel that around you. This guy embraced it, loved it, and taught it in class.


Megan, think about it this way, what if Donald Trump and JD Vance were both supported by an endorsed by Putin and by Iran and the vice presidential nominee spent a bunch of time 15 times in China. How do you think the the press would react to that? That's a Good question. It's kind of simple, right? So Team Trump Vance is getting smarter now and more targeted in its advertising, which is good because we have five weeks to go. I mean, it's, we are, it's down to it now. Five weeks left. And thankfully one of the things they did was run an ad on her weird trans prisoner stance in her own hand, filled out in her A CLU questionnaire in 2019 during NFLI don't watch the NFL during NFL Sunday Night Football.


I know it happened there because I heard Charlemagne say it. But here's the ad that they ran. Kamala supports taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners surgery, For prisoners, for prisoners. Every transgender inmate in the prison system would have access. It's Hard to believe But. It's true. Even the liberal media was shocked. Kamala supports taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners and illegal aliens. Every transgender inmate would have access Kamala's for they them President Trump is for you. I'm Donald J. Trump and I approve this message. And here's Charlemagne, the God reacting. Watch this.


I'll tell you what, that ad day was running during the football games this weekend, claiming the vice president supports funding gender transition surgeries for all prison inmates and migrants in the us. That was nuts. That that was, I don't know if it was, I wouldn't say nuts, but that was crazy. That was, that was, that was funny. I don't know, I don't know if it was a backdrop of football, but when you hear the narrator say, Kamala supported taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners, that one line, I was like, hell no, I don't want my taxpayer dollars going to that. I definitely see that she didn't, that ad was effective. Kamala, she literally said that Kamala supports taxpayer funded sex changes for prisoners. And it talks about how, you know, she, she supports funding gender transition surgeries for all prison inmates and migrants in the United States. That ad was impactful.


I like it was, I'm not gonna lie, I was like, damn. Was it because it was during football? Yes, I think it was doing because it was doing football. I don't think I would've paid that commercial no attention if it it was any other time. What do you make of it, Joe? I I think he's absolutely right. It's funny that he said that the, that the ad claimed that she wants this. He's still sort of couching it a little bit. Remember this is the same guy, Charlemagne, I don't know the guy. He seems like a very good broadcaster, but Joe Biden said, If, you don't know to vote for me or vote for Trump. You ain't black. And Charlaine just took it. So he's still kind of couching it. But he is right as a manly man like I am. Clearly if I were watching football and that popped up or watching boxing and that popped up or watching something that's filled with testosterone and virility, I probably would go, holy crap.


Really? That's what she wants. And the fact is that's what she wants. That's what she's always wanted. And Megan, it's never made any sense to me why that side thinks catering to less than 1% of all, all population about this trans stuff. I it never made any sense why they keep on doing that. Why did she sign that thing? Why did she run on that? Why did she say that in the debate? I don't get why they do it. I think they think they'll get the broad L-G-B-T-Q-X-Y-Z 1 23 people who then vote for them. I don't think so. I don't think anybody is okay with spending our money to give somebody some vanity surgery to make them feel better because they came here illegally or because they're locked up. It doesn't make sense to me, to be honest. So We're gonna fund the sex change operations of serial killers.


Makes a lot of sense. That's exactly where we want our taxpayer dollars going. Meanwhile, they're, the Biden administration is saying that we need to dig deep into our pockets to help the victims of Hurricane Helene. So we just gave another, what, 2.6 billion to Ukraine. And he's turning around to American citizens saying, I need more, I need more of your money because we don't have it in our federal coffers to help the people who are suffering in the wake of, but we do have it according to Kamala Harris, to pay for the sex change operations of serial killers and people in this country illegally help it make it make sense. Well, I can't because I'm rational and reasonable and I'm logical. Like you, I as we're watching this unfold, we see the guy walking around in his fatigues the other day, this little dictator guy. I, I, you might not feel that way.


I do about Zelensky two, Zelensky two 60 billion, $260 billion that we've sent over there. According to some reports, Andy Big says it's even more out of Arizona. So we sent that kind of money there, but we can't get starlink up unless Trump talks to Elon Musk to help people that are in these storm ravaged areas. Biden couldn't leave Delaware to go to the White House and pretend he was working. Kamala Harris couldn't come off the campaign trail and say, Hey, we're thinking about you. I'm back at the White House. What can we do for you? And then to ask the American people to support the American people as Meghan, how many billions of dollars have we given illegal aliens that have come across the border in phones and food and, and room and board and housing and everything else? It just doesn't make any sense. I think the, the regular American, even if they lean left, even if they're far left, is going, wait a second, shouldn't we take care of our neighbor first?


This is, this is them saying who they are. They weren't smart enough to get off the campaign trail. He wasn't smart enough to get off the beach for a day and go back to Washington DC That's not that far from Delaware. Hello to to say I'm at least here for you. They're completely detached. And what I love is that they're showing it to us. You can't even deny it anymore. They're completely di disconnected from the regular American. They just wanna be monarchs. I mean, it does seem interesting that this hurricane is like they ignored it. The the people in power they did for three days, ignored it for the first three days. Exactly. And then only yesterday did Kamala Harris put out that very fake looking photo of her on Air Force two with what may or may not have been a blank sheet of paper in front of her.


I mean, it is possible. They somehow out her ear Bugs werent plugged in her Meghan, the earphones were not plugged in ear. They don plugged You don't plug them in. Hey, come On. Exactly. So, and she's like, oh, I've been hard at work. And Joe Biden was asked, all I can think of j is Joe Biden now in the wake of Maya Rudolph's Saturday Night Live. Joe Biden all, what Joe Biden said was that he, he spent two hours on the phone from Delaware. Oh, two hours. Really? Okay. I mean, Trump was actually down there immediately and coordinating with Elon and coordinating with the Gram operation to get relief supplies in there. And he's not even the President Joe, Right? The righteous indignation of Joe Biden when he was walking out with that gigantic door that I don't think he could even open anymore by himself. He stopped in turn when the guy said, the reporter said, why weren't you in command?


Are, were you commanding this this relief effort? He said, it's called a telephone. I was in command on the phone two hours each day. Oh wait, wait a second. Oh look, at the end of the day you've got people who just don't care unless they think they can gain votes. Now we can talk about that region. Asheville is a very, very liberal city. Some call it the East Coast version of San Francisco. So they're not gonna gain any votes there. They already own Asheville. The surrounding areas are all red, just like East Palestine. Some would say when there was a train derailment and, but Joe Biden didn't go for two years. So at the end of the day, they only care about votes. They care about keeping their power. They care about sitting on the throne and not being kicked off. But Americans are not stupid. And again, doesn't matter.


If, you're left or right. And if m Kelly and Joe PAGs agree with the people watching and listening or not, what we do agree on is my neighbors are in need and you're taking care of trans surgeries. My neighbors are in need and you're at the beach. My neighbors are in need and you're telling me how you eat No for breakfast on All The Smoke. It doesn't make any sense. It just doesn't. It's not logical. Meghan. And you and I are so logical, it makes our, our faces are, look at my face, my face hurts because of all this. The I eat no for breakfast thing is a lot to digest. It really is. So, so to speak, pardon the pun lot. I do think it's like, look, we got Georgia that's affected. We've got North Carolina, yes, that's affected some Virginia that's affected. And there's outrage, If.


you spend two minutes on X today, you will see report after report of our fellow Americans who really are hurting. And by the way, Americans will give, they will give out of pocket. Of course you will. They always do. Where the most generous people in the world, it's just the gall of the president to look at us and say, you, you need to pay for it. As he dumps billions, just another tranche went out to Ukraine. Right. That we're also paying for that in any event. Okay. But I think that this is gonna gin up some sentiment that is not gonna be particularly helpful to Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. And even though they, they're just pretending, she is just pretending to do stuff about it right now, I actually think, yeah, like this is gonna play in a way that I haven't totally figured out.


You know, the full implications of it over the next, over the next five weeks. Well, I think that it's gonna play out very, very severely because the people are not gonna be back to normal in five weeks. The people are still gonna be suffering. And by the way, I don't hear Ukraine saying, what can we do for you? I mean, you guys had a big, a big problem. I don't hear our allies in NATO saying, Hey, how can we send some money, send some eight, send some help because the president and vice president aren't taking it seriously or just don't care. So why would they ever step up? They still have their hands out over there, I think in the next five weeks. There's no way you fix this. You can go to FEMA every day, If, you, Kamala Harris, and you can pretend like you care and pretend like you're in command and pretend like you talk to, Hey, talk to Brian Kemp. He's a Republican, so still vote for me. The fact is Ron DeSantis has done more than our leadership in central government in Washington has done for the people that are most in need.


Donald Trump and Elon Musk have done way more than these other people have. And you know, Meghan, I would be fine with, and I'm a guy who's gonna vote for Trump. I can't wait to vote for Trump again, but I would be fine with Trump, Vance Walls, Harris Biden, everybody going there together to FEMA saying, man, forget politics. We gotta help these people. But they're not smart enough to do that. I think I know Trump, you know Trump, he would definitely say, yeah, I'll stand shoulder to shoulder with Kamala Harris. I don't care. It doesn't matter what the implications are for the, for the election. I wanna help people who are in need. But that's not happening because these people can't get away from the idea of losing their power to somebody who doesn't believe in gigantic central government. That's what this is all about for them, it's sick. Well, you'd think that they would be thrilled to have an opportunity to help.


Of course, at a minimum, from a cynical standpoint, people in a couple of swing states. But the reaction has been absolutely slow going. And the fact that she stayed in El la at that fundraiser with sick Demi Lovato eating her beef Wellington while people were dying. I mean, the video of that grandfather and grandmother on the roof with their grandchild, a 6-year-old grandchild who reportedly died is awful. And she's putting out, having reporters put out how she's partying with these celebrities and having her beef Wellington. It's truly a let them eat cake moment. She's the sitting vice president, get home. The president couldn't leave Delaware to go back to Washington. I don't know, I I you're not hearing a ton about it in the press because they wanna run cover for these two.


Right? But so far, for 72 hours, were completely bungled. Well, when did she sit down with those two basketball players, Matt Barnes and Steven Jackson. When did that happen? Did that happen Saturday while the people were drowning? Did it happen Sunday? When did that happen? As she talked about getting a pork roast ready. And by the way, was she making pancakes that morning and then auntie, can I have more bacon or was she making a pot roast? She changed what she was doing the morning. Joe Biden called her, but at the end of the day, Hey Matt, hey Steven, I can do that. Maybe next week we got people drowning in North Carolina. I'm gonna go there instead. He, she couldn't put up The podcast. I dunno know. Tracker says he thinks it was Thursday, so it would've, that would've been before the storm. But we certainly knew the storm was coming. And by the way, of course the, the podcast was a joke anyway, because she's trying to go to a friendly audience.


She's intentionally going to places that won't ask her tough questions. It's, you know, I don't know if she'll ever do another interview again. Frankly, I truly like, I don't know whether we'll ever see her after tonight. Maybe she'll just let Tim Walsh take the baton and run with it. Alright, last word, Joe PAGs your prediction for how tonight will go. I, I think, as I said earlier, I think that walls are gonna walk out and say, Hey, first he's gonna say this. We shouldn't ever talk about anybody else's military service. We all served honorably. He's gonna try to get that off the, off the, the, the table immediately because he's been lying about it for years. I think that he's gonna try to look like Minnesota. Tim, he's not. I think that JD Vance is smart enough to expose him for enjoying the riots in Minneapolis for waiting three days to get the National Guard there to talk about his stolen valor stuff.


I think all that's gonna happen when you look at Minnesota and how in ruins it is. That is all on Tim Walls and JD Vance just has to highlight that. I think he's gonna be fine. JD v it's gonna be interesting. I can't wait to watch. Should bring up the stolen valor. He should bring up the stolen valley. Don't forget tonight. Tonight right after the debate, 10 30. We will be live on youtube.com/ m Kelly and on SiriusXM Triumph channel one 11 with our instantaneous reaction to what we all saw together. If the past debates prove any model, there'll be plenty to discuss. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda.


And no fear.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver. Or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending. Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people.