
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Oh, we have a lot to get to today. We have a lot to get to. Did you see the report coming out of John Ralston in Nevada? Like he's the guy on Nevada And. it is not good news for Kamala Harris. Is her campaign falling apart? I mean, is this, is this like the, you know, I'm from Albany, New York. We go up to Saratoga every August. We watch the horses run. You always want your horse to be kind of in third, right?


About one third of the way to go. Like when there's one third left. You don't want your horse at first. You don't want your horse in second. And then that third horse usually pulls ahead and wins And. it kind of feels like that's what's happening right now. I could be totally wrong, don't hold me to it. Anything could still happen on election day, but I, it feels like Trump is that third horse and he's, he's pulling forward and he's moved into the first position and Trump's never been ever in the first position in these presidential races ever. They're always showing him behind seven points, six points. Certainly at this time in the race. He was getting crushed by Hillary. We know how that turned out. And by Biden, yes, he lost Biden, but by about 40,000 votes in the swing states.


I mean, it was tight, way tighter than the polls showed. So what's happening, Trump's ahead. He's ahead in all states. If you look at the real clear politics average, he, I mean, I don't even wanna say it out loud, like there's two weeks ago, literally two weeks from today, and Nevada's supposed to be her worst state, but not according to the early voting. Early voting Trump's well, you know, can't say he's winning, but the Republican vote is higher than the Dem in Nevada. Nevada. That's her best state of the swings. Okay, we're gonna get to all that.


We've got all this coverage for you today. But I wanna start with something else. This report had appeared as it should have on the front of the New York Times about Donald Trump. It would be everywhere. But instead it was published in the Washington Free Beacon, which has been doing amazing work this entire election cycle. These guys are unafraid to go where no one else will go. And really solid reporting. I mean, they've got staff, they, they dig deep. This is Eliana's publication and they've got one out today and it's a doozy about vice President Kamala Harris and Bombshell knew reporting about her past plagiarism. Now, when we had tuck around, we talked to you briefly about the Chris Ruffo report that outlined how she had plagiarized large sections of her book that got zero pickup by the mainstream other than to dismiss it.


The New York Times brought in some expert to say, ah, it's really not serious. And they had only given that expert small portions of Chris RFOs evidence. And when the guy saw the full evidence, he was like, oh, well this is more serious than I thought. Geez, I hadn't seen this when I commented to the times and then it was lost into the ether. Well, in comes the free beacon with a brand new host of examples of Kamala Harris outright stealing other people's work. This time they include her service as a California attorney general, where she lifted, according to the free beacon, a fictionalized story about a sex trafficking victim and then presented it as a real case to paint her office in a good light.


It was a fabrication she changed, it suggested it was real and her own to make her office look good. The incredible investigation comes from Aaron Aria. He's been great at the Beacon And. it includes several different examples that they have uncovered. We're gonna walk you through them. The first example is from 2007. She was then DA in San Francisco. She testified before Congress about a bill that would've created a student loan repayment program for state and local prosecutors as an incentive to keep them from leaving public service for high paying law firms. However, virtually her entire written testimony was lifted from another district attorney in Illinois, half the country away, a man named Paul Loggly who happens to be a Republican.


Look at these full screens. It's not important to be able to read them, meaning these are graphics, it's not important to be able to read them 'cause they're in tiny print. Here though you can, if you go to the free beacon, what's important is that you see the highlighted red sections showing it's the same speech. On the left is the testimony from Paul Loggly, and on the right is the testimony from Kamala Harris. As the testimony goes on, you can see the majority of it is highlighted in red. Meaning it's the same per the free beacon. The submitted written statements even contain the same typos such, such as missing punctuation or mistaken plurals One error.


A who that should have been a whom was corrected in Kamala Harris's version, which the beacon points out is more damning for her. She went through and tried to like clean it up, knowing it wasn't hers, trying to make it sound a little better, but didn't change any of the substance. According to the beacon, 80% of Harris's speech was stolen. They say copied verbatim from Loggly. Okay, now to a different allegation, this one is about sex trafficking. This happened in 2012 when Kamala Harris had ascended to the attorney general spot in the state of California.


She released a report titled The State of Human Trafficking in California 2012. The report touted how many trafficking investigations her office had launched and how many arrests they had made per the beacon. One section of the report included stories about victims of sex trafficking. It told the story of a woman named Kelly from San Francisco. According to the report, Kelly quote had lived in a motel where her pimp forced her to engage in prostitution, end quote. But Kelly was able to contact a hotline and local law enforcement helped rescue her from her pimp. The story concluded stating quote, Kelly is currently receiving services and helping law enforcement to pursue a case against her pimp end quote.


The problem here is Kelly doesn't exist and that this case did not happen. At least it didn't happen in San Francisco. It's an invention. The Beacon uncovered Kelly's story was actually from a Polaris project. Polaris is a nonprofit that runs a national human trafficking hotline. Five months earlier, Polaris had posted a series of stories that it said were quote, representative of the types of calls they receive. So here again is the side by side. On the left, you can see Kelly's story from Polaris.


Again, just a representative of the types of calls Polaris gets in the Polaris writeup. Kelly lives in Washington DC and on the other side all in red. So you could see the same, the similarities, Harris's retelling of Kelly's story as real. Only now it's happening in San Francisco for which Kamala Harris has responsibility. This is unbelievable. She's too lazy to even figure out whether she has a real victim. She can, she can talk about when she's stealing somebody else's crime stories. Sex trafficking victims obviously exist. It's actually not hard at all to find them. They do call hotlines to get help, but Harris's office is trying to show that Kelly as a victim in San Francisco, that that she reached out to the local authorities there to get safety.


And last week Chris Ruffo reported that Harris had plagiarized portions of her 2009 book. Smart on Crime too. Right? So Harris uses this story, which is invented without realizing that to make herself look good. And she did the same in her book, smart on Crime. This is the roofer reporting. As I mentioned, the New York Times yawned at it writing in their high, in their headline conservative activist seizes on passages from Harris's book seizes. It's a pounce they pounced. But as more examples pile up, will legacy media have to start paying attention? This is ruined presidential campaigns before including that of this now sitting president when he was first running for president back when everyone listening was a toddler in 1987, then Senator Joe Biden's campaign for president ended after examples of his plagiarism and lies were uncovered.


Oh, we were so cute then, weren't we? We were quaint. We cared about lying. He was accused of lifting phrases from a British lawmaker and also from Robert F. Kennedy Senior. He was also accused of outright lying to voters about his law school career. And back then the legacy media did not let him get away with it. Look at this report from Evening Newscasts back when that story happened. Senator Joseph Biden may have more explaining to do The new questions stem from tape remarks of Biden. During an April campaign appearance in New Hampshire, I went to law school on a full academic scholarship. The only one in my, in my class that have a full academic scholarship went back to law school.


And in fact ended up in the top half of my class. I was the outstanding student in the political science department At the end of my year. I graduated with three degrees from undergraduate school and 165 credits only need 123 credits. Biden now concedes he did not graduate in the top half of his law school class that he does not have three degrees from college and that he was not named outstanding political science student in college. Newsweek Says Biden actually went to school on a half scholarship, ended up near the bottom of his class and won only one degree, not three. I mean, think of, think of the balls in doing that, by the way. Credit to news busters for finding that old Crip clip. Who? Who does that? This reminds me of that cult leader, Keefe Ranieri, the guy who's now in prison for the rest of his life because he started a cult again back in my hometown in Albany with a bunch of women who he convinced to be sex slaves.


And then he made people call him prefect. And he said stuff like this about himself. He said he graduated with like a 4.0 and he had a triple major and none of that was true. He had crappy grades. He didn't have a triple major. Like that's who's the sitting president right now? A pathological liar about his own biography. And you know what he chose well for his number two, because Kamala Harris appears to have the exact same problem, but does it become an issue for her in the way that that one did for Joe Biden? And we've seen other plagiarism scandals, tank careers. Does it exist as a scandal at all if the corporate media doesn't touch it?


Look at the Doug Emh story allegedly abusing the girlfriend he was with prior to Kamala Harris. Where's that? No one's covered it. No one. No one. We covered it. Chris Cuomo spent a minute on it. That's it. No one is talking about it. They've done a complete blackout of that story. Why? It was well sourced. It had three supporting witnesses, had paper receipts. No, they're not interested because it has the potential to hurt her. So what happens with this one? Joining me now with Gidley, former National Press secretary and vice chair of the Center for Election Integrity should say former Trump National Press Secretary.


He was out on the trail yesterday with Mr. Trump and Doug Schoen, democratic consultant, pollster and strategist and author of The Politics of Life, my Road to the middle of a hostile and adversarial world who has his own new polls out this week.


There's a lot at stake at this upcoming election, but regardless of who is sitting in the White House, the fuse on this economy has already been lit. What a powder keg, even four years of a conservative presidency might not be enough to turn the tide on our $35 trillion national debt. And if the left wins, it's like throwing gasoline on a dumpster fire. But one thing you could consider is to protect your savings by diversifying into gold. Seen the numbers on gold lately with the help of Birch Gold Group. For millennia gold has stood firm in the face of greedy governments, economic upheavals, and global strife. And, it can protect you. Right now, Birch Gold will help you convert an IRA or 401k into an IRA and physical gold tax free and penalty free And. it does not cost you a penny out of pocket. In the last four years, the buying power of the US dollar has declined and the price of gold has increased 40%. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get your free info kit on gold and consider Birch Gold to protect your savings and text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Great to have you. Thank You. Thank you so much. So let me start with you on it. Hogan, does this, does this catch fire? Does it have legs? I don't think it has legs because look, the media really participates in bias in two ways. What they decide to cover and how they cover it. They're obviously ignoring this because it hurts their chosen candidate. It should be pointed out though, Kamala Harris says consistently that she wouldn't do anything differently than Joe Biden. I guess that includes the plagiarism that Joe Biden committed back in the eighties as well. She's so tied to this man, man at this point in time. Yeah, I mean, they're exactly the same. Now, just for a moment, I'm sure if you ask the family members of, of the 13 people who died in Benghazi, whether they wish Kamala ais would do something different, I'm sure they wished she would.


I'm sure if you asked those who are victims of rape, murder, homi burglary, assault by illegal aliens, I bet they'd want Kamala to do something different. I'm sure the people out there paying more for gas and groceries would want Kamala Harriss to do something different. But in this particular instance it goes to a bigger problem with Kamala Harris. And that is she is contrived, she is manufactured, she is a made up caricature of a candidate that we all knew if given enough time would be exposed. The concern was here that because this campaign was shortened, remember she called Joe Biden a rapist and a racist from a debate stage and had T-shirts made and never even got to the first vote in the Democrat primary in this particular instance.


The concern though was once she was given the moniker of being the standard bearer of the Democrat party, not getting any votes, of course just gifted to her, we were concerned on the right that the condensed timeframe of this would not allow these type of stories to come out and eventually permeate into all the minds of Americans and cause them to, to pause and wonder, is she real? This is never really probably going to be a big story for the mainstream media, but folks out there who are paying attention, this is just kind of an underscoring, an underlining of the concern they just inherently have with Kamala Harris. That she is fake and that she is phony.


Hmm. What do you think Jug? Well, I agree with Hogan that this is not gonna become an issue and I don't think it's gonna become an issue because we got two weeks to go. The facts, while seemingly pretty clear, are somewhat complicated, and I don't see a presidential election, particularly with a sympathetic mainstream media to Kamala Harris doing what you are now doing, Megan, which is giving attention to issues that raise questions about her character, her veracity, her integrity, and yes, let's say it even her commitment to democracy.


Yeah, I mean, just her honesty, the, to your point, Hogan, we've been taking a look at her past. I mean, one of the things I really would love to see is how many cases did she try? You know, what is her actual record? As a prosecutor, it's very hard to find. It really is like you've gotta go to the court clerks, you need paper records. The DA's office, the San Francisco DA's office and court clerks are not going to be very forthcoming, let's say about her. They're not in a mood to help people like me or others on the conservative side, you know, digging for information on her. And yet we know just from the research that we've done, Kamala Harris, this is via Politico.


And according to citing an intercept analysis that Kamala Harris originally ran for office, it must have been, I'm trying to think, it must have been 2000 G campaign. No, but her ag campaign, 'cause it was 2003, she said 2000 da. Okay, well she said that at that point that she had tried hundreds of serious and violent felonies, including homicide, rape and child sexual assault cases. Hundreds of them. Hundreds. And then what happened was her opponent, the veteran criminal defense attorney, bill Fazio, said, you lied.


You did not handle hundreds at best. You handled tens. And she was forced to admit, okay, I've tried about 50 cases. Now that's a big difference. You've tried hundreds versus you've tried 50. And I've never heard her talk about it. You know, Hogan, like real trial lawyers. Yeah. And I know a ton of them. A ton of them. Criminal and civil alike. They've got so many war stories, it's very easy for them to recall back. This is what I learned in that one. This she does the little John Wayne routine. Like I've tried the criminal trends and national drug gangs, but she doesn't actually tell you about the stories about the cases I, something smells there.


I'm just saying. And the one she does pull is kind of a fake one. The one she kind of points to in that, in that script you just pointed out on the front end. But a curious media could have easily gotten to the bottom of these claims by Kamala Harris. This is a pattern. It goes to a larger narrative that is developing about Kamala Harris. Remember that story she tells when she was like in a stroller at a civil rights march and someone asks, what do you want dear? And she says, freedom and everyone laughs. Which is a story lifted I think from MLK Junior, if I'm not mistaken. You got it. But still, it's these types of things that continue to trickle out that damage her. But the, the American people are already concerned and nervous about who she is as a candidate, as an office holder and as a person.


Because remember it was a year ago that the mainstream media was actually writing stories that said, Joe Biden has a Kamala Harris problem. Kamala Harris is the most unpopular vice president in history. They knew all of these things were were problems for her. And they can try to make fetch happen all they want to. It's very difficult to sell a bad product. And when you have someone like Kamala Harris that continues to get caught in lie after lie, all it does for those who are skeptical is go, yeah, I knew there was something that wasn't right there. Now I have some more information. I realize she's not right for the country either. Here's the other thing, so Kamala Harris, you know, she wants to tell us that she's from Oakland.


She was born in Oakland, she was raised in Montreal, right? She was raised in Canada. She wasn't even raised in America. And she wants us to believe she had this very humble middle class background. Both of her parents were PhDs. Her mother was this storied scientist from India who came over and, and her father was the first tenured economics black tenured economics professor at Stanford. I mean this is, this is not exactly the, you know, working to middle class roots that she'd like us to believe. There are questions about whether she ever worked at McDonald's. And then on top of all this, we learned this week, Doug, that she started off, she went, she transferred into Howard from her college in Canada. And then she went to University of California Hastings College of Law in San Francisco.


We just found out that she used this, it's called the Legal Education Opportunity Program. And she was part of it. And I believe that means to get in, we, we have this at my law school too. We, a lot of law schools have this where you're trying to increase your diversity. And by that I mean people of color, they don't care about working class diversity, et cetera. Although they'll say they, they do. But you're trying to get more minority students in and they lower the academic standards generally. And then they let those people start the summer before law school starts to give 'em a head start to help 'em out, to give 'em a little like prep on what to expect. And to be honest, if it's anything like my law school, a lot of these people fail, fail out the first year because they, they shouldn't have been at this law school.


They should have been at another law school that if any, that matches up better with their skillset. But she took advantage of this and she would have had to document her disadvantaged educational, economic, social or physical background, including a personal essay detailing the adversity she had encountered. So I don't know what she did to get in, but she used this, she used this obviously to get into law school. She failed her bar exam. This is not, this is not an impressive record for someone who wants to be President Doug. This is, this has got Harriet Meyers vibes to me, the woman who was such a disaster.


George W. Bush had to withdraw her name as a Supreme Court nominee. Yeah, I I don't think there's anything Megan, about her record that is particularly impressive. And I think more generally what I see in the polls is that voters are beginning to understand that there's really no there there with Kamala Harris, whether it be her record as a law student, as a lawyer, as a prosecutor, as an attorney general. There doesn't app appear to be any overarching argument she can make other than I'm the same as Joe Biden and whatever positions I've taken that are unpopular, I'm only too happy to alter, to fit the political climate.


So what I see, Megan, is a problem that goes beyond integrity to inauthenticity, which I think as election day approaches is actually the larger issue that she faces because voters are seeing that there's no record, there's No agenda for the future and there's no sense of character about her that gives people real confidence. Yeah. Yes. I mean all of this background dovetails perfectly with what we've been seeing from her on this show. We pay very close attention to the remarks she makes publicly since she started speaking to see what we can glean about her, because she has remained somewhat of a mystery.


And what we're learning is there is a reason for this empty talk that she gives. There doesn't appear to be more there. Hogan, and I'll tell you what, in getting ready for today, we looked at the three town halls. She did, she just did. And what we saw was the exact lines that she's been using on the campaign trail thus far, repeated over and over. And sometimes in the same event, she would forget that she'd already given that exact answer in response to an earlier question. And she would just repeat it. I mean, it's almost like to the point where you're wondering if there's a Stepford thing going on, like the, the machine is malfunctioned.


Someone's gotta control alt delete in there to get, it's gotta reboot. It doesn't realize it's already done. All this. There's truly like there, there's nothing to connect to And it. All of this explains it because she doesn't have a lifetime of accomplishment. She has a lifetime of being dishonest about her alleged accomplishments all the way through to congressional testimony to her book. Now she ascends to these very powerful positions, at least on paper. And she's asked to go run for president and she can't do it. So what we get is just repeat the line. Repeat the line. Yeah. Repeat the line. Here's a sample Monday, three events in three different swing states.


Take a listen to Kamala Harris and SAT four. So I've now, as vice president, met over 150 world leaders, presidents, prime ministers, chancellors and kings. Many of them multiple Times for This to the point Ron, first Thousand times President met over 150 world leaders, presidents, prime ministers, chancellors and kings met over 150 world leaders, different presidents, prime ministers, chancellors and kings. We have traditionally been able to walk in those rooms, chin up, shoulders back, chin up back. We walk in, chin up, shoulders back. I have said many times publicly, and I'll say it again, in many, many ways, Donald Trump is an unserious man times I do believe Donald Trump to be an unserious man.


Which, and I've said publicly, Donald Trump is an unserious man. The vast majority of us have so much more in common than what separates us, have so much more in common than what separates us. That the vast majority of us have more in common than what separates us. You know, we are an ambitious people. We are aspirational. We have dreams. We are, we could stop an ambitious people. We have aspirations, we have dreams. Oh my God, Hogan, It's brutal. It, the reason it sounds empty is because it is empty. Because she is empty. She offers nothing. Now do politicians give a lot of the same speeches all the time?


Absolutely. But something Doug hit on the word I think is so important is inauthentic. This isn't Even a speech Hogan. This is a q and a this, sorry, keep going. Yes. But these things are rehearsed on their side. Listen, there was that story that came out. She had that like dinner party planned. And so she made her staff sit down with her at a table and even pour wine so she could practice having a dinner party coming up. She could have stood at that McDonald's drive-through counter for a year, practicing that and not been able to pull off what Donald Trump did. Of course these things are staged and set up, but Donald Trump goes in there and he is a billionaire businessman and is comfortable with everybody he's around.


He makes them feel like they're the only person in the room. The media is not angry at Donald Trump because that whole thing at McDonald's failed. They're angry at him because it succeeded And, it succeeded. Showing the difference between someone like Donald Trump and someone like Kamala. You hit on it. It is the control, alt, delete. It's almost manion ish. She is prepped and predesigned and, and pre-programmed to say certain things at certain times. And even though she is given the questions in advance, even though she is given the answers in advance, they're scripted, ready to go. They still don't say anything that would do a, a, a, a single thing to fix the problems she herself created as vice president of the United States.


And she looks around like all of these things in her campaign and all of these things in the country are happening to her, but they're happening because of her and her policies and her laziness every time I see this. Okay. Alright. So I wanna give you an example of some of what we're seeing here. So Doug, you saw that first montage? We did. Yes. We're being very fair. We're not, we're not taking it outta context. We watch the whole things. We watch all three of the town halls. We've been watching everything she does. This audience is far more familiar with Kamala Harris' speech than they wanna be Here. Is, this is her answering two different questions in Pennsylvania and Michigan. Take a listen to top five.


How do you propose to help bridge this gap making both child and elder care more affordable for hardworking families? You are a part of what we call the sandwich generation. I actually bring a personal experience to it as well. I took care of my mother when she was sick. And that work is the work of trying to cook something that they feel like eating. What would you say to people like myself who are part of these traditionally conservative communities who want to move forward but are feeling the profess the pressures of the political divide?


I actually, personal story, I I took care of my mother when she was sick. It's about trying to cook something they feel like eating. Oh my God, that second question had nothing to do with the sandwich generation or taking care of your mother. And once again, and what, how inane is, it's about cooking something they want to eat. Like Doug, I'm, there's nothing to hold onto as a Democrat, as a lifelong Democrat, you must, this is the weakest Democrat politician they've ever presented us to consider for president. Well, it's why they want and wanted as short a campaign as possible.


'cause the less time people have and had to get to know her, the better she did. She is in what I think is a decline. It's not precipitous Megan, but as people see that they're, as I said before, know they're there, there's no substance. Increasingly, they're either moving to undecided, some numbers are moving to Trump. And I would say to to you and to Hogan, if Trump were able to focus more on the bread and butter issues that people care about and talk about the specifics of his agenda going forward, those voters who are now getting somewhat dismayed with Kamala Harris will have a reason to vote for Trump.


Trump as of yet, has not closed this sale, which is why despite a very narrow lead, the race is still too close to call The, there's one more I wanna show you, Hogan, the word salad, which we all know, I mean, many people have compared it to the kid who hasn't read the book, who stands up and has to give the book report. But I mean, we've all had the thing where you can't remember and you just start spitting out filler words until you remember. That's almost every answer for her. Yeah. The meeting's obsessed with trying to get us now to focus on Trump and the fact that, oh, he rambles, he rambles. They don't point out her.


All she does is ramble on with these word salads. Every third answer. What is that? If not a ramble. She's not substantive. Here's just the latest example from Monday in Pennsylvania, And I've counted that I have taken the oath of office six times. And for the elected leaders here, we know it is an oath that one must take sincerely and unequivocally, which is an oath among other things to support and defend the constitution of the United States. And to understand what those principles represent and what they require of the individual who holds the office in the public trust.


Think of that duty And. it is a duty, by the way. There are certain things in our lives that we have the choice if we feel like it if, and then there are certain things that are just fundamentally a duty like to raise our children, things of that nature. It is a duty to take seriously that oath. The same little phrases that she uses for Phil, who, why is she talking about the oath of office over and over? Who cares? To Doug's point, who does that motivate to vote for her? Yeah. She finds one word and uses like seven derivations of that one word in two sentences.


And that's like the entire thing. That's the shtick boy. This campaign's come a long way since joy and vibes. I was on TV recently arguing with a host and I pointed out the fact that I'd spent $300 on groceries here in Washington DC and they asked me how I wanted to pay. I pulled my hand outta my pocket. I said, you take joy. And they looked at me funny and I said, oh, this must be a place that this must be a place that only takes vibes. And they're like, what? We you need money, sir. And, and the, and the host kind was like a ha ha ha. And I'm like, it's not ahaha for those people out there struggling to make ends meet. They're looking for solutions and all they're getting are empty slogans and meaningless words from Kamala Harris and these ramblings. And you talked about it, the it mainstream media is never going to do the right thing and cover her honestly, because it would impune them in various ways.


And of course their, their desired outcome wouldn't be the case. But she's had a billion dollars spent on her campaign, billions of dollars of free good publicity from the mainstream media. The question isn't, why isn't Donald Trump ahead? It's widen kamala up by 20 points. And it's because of clips exactly like that where the people in the room aren't fooled by her voice slowing down there. It's, and are taking these long pauses. No one's fooled by this act That that's it. You guys are both saying the same thing. And it's what I'm feeling on a visceral level, that she can get out there and she can do this routine as much as she wants in front of Brett bear, in front of Oprah, in front of Maria Shriver.


But you can't fool the American people over time, Doug there getting it, that this is an empty suit. They don't know who she is or what she stands for. And I'm just gonna give you one more, this was so indicative of what we're dealing with here. The question that she gets asked here is, tell me three things about you that people don't know about. Right? Like if I said that to you, you could easily come up with a couple of things that most people don't know about you. You know, like, hey, I have a, I have a Gibson guitar with my name and mother of Pearl on the neck that John Rich gave to me with a note that reads, don't forget to practice.


Right? There's one off the top of my head, whatever. I had a dog that bit. 17 people I could keep going. I I'm having a track record on my dogs as it turns out. Anyway. Yeah. So I didn't shoot him in the face like Christie Noam did though. I, I let my dog have a nice peaceful transition to the other side. Anyw, who anybody can do this, Doug. But look how she answers this question. And then Maria Shriver seems she turns to Liz Cheney, who's with Kamala Harris for help. It doesn't go much better. Satten, What are three things you can tell this audience about you that aren't in your ads, that people aren't telling people on the robocall that perhaps they just wouldn't know.


That might give them a feeling for who you are as a woman? I have lived a full life. I am a wife, I am a mother, I am a sister. I am a godmother. I love to cook. I started my career as a prosecutor. I have as vice president met over 150 world leaders, president's, Oh, gosh, prime minister's, chancellors and king. Oh my gosh. There is so much at stake in this election. Ms. Cheney, tell us real quick, we've been spending human time with her. Tell the audience what you see that perhaps, you know, the camera doesn't get or that you have.


Well, I, I think that that what I could tell you is that what the vice president is saying about wanting to be a president for all Americans caring deeply about this country, those are things that, that come across very, very clearly and very directly. There's there, there is nothing, Doug, they, she couldn't say one thing, not one thing. Yeah, I'm, I'm a little speechless 'cause I think we all can. And Megan, if you'll forgive me on a podcast, the most endearing thing that I know about you that I'm not sure everybody knows is how you met your husband. And that is a lovely and warm story that I've heard you tell they'll probably best for another day.


But, it speaks to your humanity, your concern, and ultimately the strength of your union. And oh, you're so sweet, Doug. Thank you. You, it's true. And I remember when you told me and told others, put a big smile on my face. It's easy. Can't do that and won't do that. Everyone can, because you're a real person. Lemme put you on the spot. Tell me, tell me one thing, Doug, that the American public might not know about you. Some interesting fact that they might not already know, They probably would not know that. Like you, I went to law school. I had a father who was committed to me being a lawyer. And when I went into business with Mark Penn some 40 years ago, he said that on your own, I'm not gonna help you.


You have a law degree, I wish you good luck, but don't ask because the answer is no. And Megan, that's the father. I tell you, I tell you that that was the greatest gift I could have been given. Yeah, totally. My mom said the same thing after, except it was after college, before law school. And she said, the financial umbilical cord is cut. Hogan, gimme one fact about you off the top of your head that people wouldn't know I do calligraphy. I know how to do calligraphy. My dad taught me how to do that. That's interesting. And that's a different, we're People Personality. You're artistic, you're aesthetic. Why can't she do, why can't she even have like a pre-rehearsed dancer on something like that? Hogan. But did you not notice? She also, as you pointed out, had to go to someone in Cheney who the left, called a war monger who lost her own race by like 25 points, whose persona non grata, who the left hates and said, Hey, could you, the, the, the object of our ire for the last like two decades, could you bail out Kamala Harris?


Please? Could you Please humanize her? It's The most Yes, please, please. The one that we wanna, and she couldn't try for war crimes and she couldn't do it. She couldn't do it. and Kamala Harris's first answer is like, I'm a mom, I'm a wife and I'm a vice president. Well, those are things we all know. My goodness. It's just insane, right? I'm a mom, I'm a sister. What are you, you've got to be kidding me. Like e everyone knows that we saw the Democratic National Convention. I'm wife, I'm a lawyer. I like, she's just, I she can't do it. It really does concern me that we, we have an empty vessel and we are really close. Not as close as she'd like, but really close to elevating her to the most powerful position in the world.


I mean, I truly am starting to be like one of those people who's like, maybe, maybe it should have been Biden. I mean, I was as loud as anybody saying he can't, possibly, he can't serve a second term. But I'm, I'm really starting to think like I get it now. I get why those top democrats, Doug, we're covering for him. Like I think they saw what we are all seeing. Yes. And they were like, you have no idea what you're asking for people. What I would say, Megan is, and and I I agreed and agree with you. He is not fit for a second term. But I can say, say, even though I was happy, he stood down, I understood in his state of the union and in some of his remarks, what he's been trying to accomplish, whether it be in the Middle East or with Ukraine, we might agree, we might disagree, but I had a sense of where the man stood at a variety of different times with Kamala.


I have no sense of where she stands on anything in any way. It's all soundbites, talking points. And I would say, and Hogan's in this business too, and I'm curious his reaction, pretty, pretty lame talking points. Most of that time you don't really have much sense that you're getting to know her. I there's nothing to know. That's what we're gleaning. There's, there's no there there. She seems like the most boring dinner companion ever. Now I totally get why she had to rehearse her clever dinner conversation because it doesn't come naturally. She probably doesn't read, she doesn't have a vast wealth of personal or professional experience to draw from.


So, and she knows it. So what she's done instead is make it all about Trump. She switched, as you point out Hogan from the joy to he's the devil incarnate. And that we're hearing more and more we're seeing angry Kamala never again. Never, never. He's gonna unleash the military on the American people, which is a lie. That is not what Trump said at all. We've gone over it on this show and time and time again. And here yesterday she almost slipped in Wisconsin and had a deplorables moment. Expanding it beyond just Trump is bad. Listen here, The notion over the last several years coming from Trump and those who follow him, meaning people like who he's running with, not his voters, but just others, the notion that the measure of the strength of a leader is based on who you beat down.


It's just wrongheaded. All right? Yet again, a a a canned line. She's used a million times, but you heard her there. Sure she slipped. She, she, that's what she thinks of his supporters too. And then she corrected herself before she landed it. Sure. And you've pointed out how many times she's been lying about Donald Trump. Her closing argument for the last couple days was basically more debates than a doctor's note about his cholesterol. That obviously didn't go anywhere, but she lied on that debate stage about the bloodbath line. The debunked Charlottesville line. He wants to write some crazy sign, some crazy bill about banning abortion. That's not true. He wants to raise taxes, obviously not true.


So her consistency is the fact that she focuses her entire campaign on her opponent and refuses to tell people why she would be the better choice to improve their lives. And in large part, I believe that's because she's been in a seat of power for four years from which to do just that. As I mentioned, the things we face today with high prices for gas and groceries, she's the one who signed off and voted, you know, as a tiebreaking vote. So we would have to do that. She's the one who left the border wide open. So all the things we're facing and fighting against right now in our personal lives, it's because of her.


So if she talks about her own record, she's got a serious problem. If she gets too close to Joe Biden also a serious problem. And so for the people out there watching this, they're seeing a candidate that really offers them nothing except more of the same. And from the campaign standpoint, they've got the problem of we should put her out more. Well that means people are going to see that she's more radical than Joe Biden. Sure. But she's way less likable as well. And so they have a lot of structural problems. This thing is very close. It still comes down to ground game and I understand all that. But I'm telling you, I have seen this play out now for the last several months. And it's shocking to me that even with the media covering for her and carrying her water, that she's still not able to be leading in these swing states.


She distance she needs to distance herself from Joe Biden, Doug. But that's risky because Joe Biden still has some ardent supporters on Team Blue and he's still alive and sort of Well, yeah, and he doesn't seem to much like her pretending she wasn't part of his administration. Right. You know, we saw what he was doing when she tried to inject herself into the hurricane politics counter manning her at every turn, you know, no, Ron DeSantis is doing a great job. He and I are talking at that cabinet meeting where he was like, hold on, I'm not done. So she's, she's in a tricky spot 'cause she needs to stiff arm him, but she can't upset him because he's still in a very powerful position.


That's absolutely right. What has startled me is when they say, how are you gonna be different from Joe Biden? She's not pivoted to the economy and said, look, we had an approach, or he had an approach during the pandemic. Go through it and say we're in different times. We need different policies and here are my policies that would've been forward looking, allowed her to differentiate without attacking. But so far I haven't heard anything like that other than the canned remarks, which increasingly our sounding, as I said before in inauthentic, but also antiseptic, if I can use that word.


Yeah, Yeah. Well, e except for the W when she's like dabbling with the deplorable stuff. Hogan, which is new. You heard that soundbite. I just played, she, she got close again. I mean, this is the same person who, you know, we played it part of it every day there's a new version of it. I really believe that a leader is somebody who inspires people to lift other people up, not put other people down. And that's what she wants us to believe she does. But listen to her here, getting close to a deplorables moment again in Sat, I think it's, is it eight? Sat eight? I have seen a lot of Republicans go up to Liz Cheney and thank her.


Yeah. And they may not be doing it publicly. They may not be doing it publicly, because I think she has shown, to your point, extraordinary courage, especially in this environment post January 6th, where there's something, an undercurrent that is violent in terms of the language and the tenor. And for her to show the courage she has shown is extraordinary. There's an undercurrent of violence against Democrats. Hogan not, not against Trump, right? No. Only who, who's almost been shot dead twice. Only one person took a bullet, But okay, Sure. This is again, part of the inherent problem she has as a candidate.


She's just bad at this. We all know. But this is another way. She's like, Joe Biden. Joe Biden stood there with that red backdrop, all angry and basically said half of the country are, are, are racist and fascists and, and hit Larry. I mean, the Atlantic just had a piece last week where it compared Donald Trump to Hitler, Mussolini, and Stalin all rolled into one. I mean, the rhetoric of their side has been ratcheted up now for a decade against Donald Trump. And she's flirting with disaster here by basically saying, everybody in this country who disagrees with me is dumb. They've been saying it in some form or fashion because they pointed out, oh no, no, you think the economy's bad that you're paying more for gas and groceries?


No, you're just stupid. It's really better. I, I I promise you that You're welcome. So they're disdain for the worker. They're disdain for people who disagree with them is so overwhelmingly obvious at this point. It makes people kind of get their back up and go, wait a minute. Oh, okay, who are you to tell me what I'm feeling here at home when I know how I'm suffering and I know who caused it. And that's you. Let me squeeze this in all around my town in Connecticut, I see Harris Waltz signs. Sure. I I mean I I think obviously Connecticut is going blue, but the, the, these are the ones that I object to. Harris Waltz, obviously that's the sign Oh, gosh, Harris Waltz, obviously to the exact point you make, which is like, it really makes you wanna flip the bird at the sign And.


it makes you absolutely certain that you will get out there and vote. Which by the way, I did this week and I voted for Trump and that vote is in the mail and being banked right now. So I am flipping the bird to their stupid signs. And it's just, it plays perfectly into that elitist like only you losers would even consider voting Trump. Trump. Trump can't go out there and make a joke about Arnold Palmer in Arnold Palmer's hometown, a hero and a golf legend. But I guess the only penises that the left and and Democrats and the media are comfortable talking about are the ones that they want to chop off of.


Young underage boys. Oh boy. Like they're disdain for anybody who disagrees with their woke radical ideology is so offensive to so many Americans because we're talking about right and wrong. We're talking about common sense versus sanity. And she is a microcosm of where this party, yeah, the Democrats have moved now for the last several years and I think the American people are rejecting it, Obviously. All right, Hogan and Doug, stay with me. Quick break and we'll get back to those polls.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you. That's somewhere, some place, somebody stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable But. it is a sad reality for some American homeowners and it's a risk for anyone who owns Property House stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. It's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, and then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan to get 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan right now to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megan, M-E-G-Y-N, and Home Title Lock dot com. Or just use the link below.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Who the o's. Oh, or the No, no, no, no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV be MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Before we leave Kamala Harris' Media tour on what happened yesterday, I did wanna show this one soundbite where, I mean, it just shows you it's all AstroTurf. I've told this audience before, when you are a network, you conduct a town hall, the anchor knows all the questions that are coming to the candidate. They have to be pre-screened because you don't want every question to be about abortion or you know, the economy. You wanna mix it up. But this is something different and it's Maria Shriver out there in what's supposed to be, I think, more of a loose freewheeling chance for the candidate to meet voters and listen to this admission in SOP 15. Thank You. You're not, unfortunately, we have some pre determined questions and I hopefully I'll be able to ask some of the questions that might be in your head.


I hope so. So they would not let allow anybody at this town hall, which is not a network thing. And she was like, it was like a YouTube thing. This was not, she wouldn't let anybody just fire a question con. Contrast that with Trump's rallies or you know, I'm thinking of right now. Hogan is vi vague. You know, like these Republicans who are used to getting their ideas battered by everybody who hears them, they're like, all comers, fine. Ask me whatever the heck you want. Think, think about jd, all the questions he go gets when he goes out there and stops and takes them. That's one reason I think he performed so well in the debate. We're used to this back and forth, these types of arguments. You've seen Speaker Johnson, for example, on some of the Sunday shows getting pummeled and he gives it right back to 'em.


These are the types of things Republicans have to do on a daily basis is take difficult questions because oftentimes we're the only ones really held to account. And what you saw in that was a really big admission though it reminded me of when Bernie Sanders was asked about Kamala Harris's alleged flip flops on all these issues. The things she's deeply held close to her heart as her values for 25 years. She just jettisoned in two weeks after she got the nomination. Yet no one believes that. But Bernie basically said, yeah, well I mean look, she's trying to get elected. So you know, you do what you gotta do. It's the same thing here. It's an admission of, hey look, these are all pre-screened. Don't worry about it. This whole thing is manufactured. It's just another thing that we all know is happening, but that someone says out loud and and and in the open and you're like, wait a minute, I've been lied to this entire time.


And the answer is absolutely yes. Everything here is fake. Madam. No, we, we won't be taking any real questions. Alright Doug, let's move on to polling. I mentioned at the top of the show this guy John Ralston, who you'll be able to tell our audience about, has covered Nevada for three decades. He runs the Nevada Independent and big cautionary note before we get into this early voting is early voting. It's not day of voting And. it could change. We've got two weeks to go for early vote to pour in. And while today may be a very good day for Republicans by two days from now, it could have entirely switched the other way. So do with that information what you will audience members you, you know, you understand it has a big asterisk next to it.


But what he is saying is reported reading here from the Hill is he said in a post on, on Monday that through three days of early voting and counting of mail-in ballots, more Republicans had submitted ballots than Democrats for the first time in a presidential election year, since at least 2008, that Republicans led and counted ballots by about 6,000, roughly 2%, meaning they've got 6,000 more votes than the Democrats do out of what he says is a 250,000 votes cast so far. So that's a lot of early voting. They, he predicted it's probably not far from a fifth of the total vote expected in Nevada.


And Republicans have a 6,000 ballot advantage so far or so. You know, look, could those all be never Trump Republicans? They, they could. Is it likely? No. And just filling out the reporting, Ralston explained that the firewall that generally contributes to a democratic advantage from Clark County has collapsed with Democrats only leading Republicans there by about 4,500 votes. That county is the most populous in the state. Its home to Las Vegas. And he said the Democrats, oh, and then the papers pointing out that the Democrats lead in Clark County did grow Monday to Tuesday up to 6,500.


From 4,500. So it got a little better. Ralston said, the rural areas are also outperforming what should be their share of the electorate by almost four points. Quote, the large mail ballot lead enjoyed by Dems has been erased and more by the GOP lead in, in-person early voting. And he said, look, while anything could happen, things change. He described Monday as quote, a huge day for Republicans in Nevada and said a few more days like this, and the Democrat bet wetting bedwetting will reach epic proportions.


So what do you make of that John Ralston report? Well, I know John Rolls that I've known him, I dunno, 30, 35 years. He is a man of integrity. He is not a partisan either way. And, and I have felt that because Nevada is a state that has a relatively high proportion of non-college educated people, both white and non-white, largely Hispanic, that I thought this was more fertile ground for Trump than the early analysis. And some of the polls have suggested.


But with what Ralston is saying as you read it out, gives me confidence that at the very least, Nevada will be very, very close. And if there's any advantage that I would glean from what he said it would be as he suggested an advantage for Donald Trump. And again, in a state, many of the commentators so far have put in con category. Yeah, they've been saying that that's the most likely to go blue Hogan. And yet those, those are good that, that's good initial feedback, at least for Trump. Sure. And, and look initially too, it's the culinary union that kind of controls the vote there.


And that's why Democrats end up kind of winning Nevada and half the last several cycles. But I think Doug's right, what I would caution listeners, viewers to, or a couple things, I'm so glad now Republicans are embracing the early vote. That should be something they do. But where I'm kind of watching and paying attention to is, it's not so much the date you vote, but the number of voters. Meaning if a hundred thousand people would typically turn out on election day and you got them all to vote two weeks early, that's great. But if you need 200,000 voters, the question is, have you done enough on the ground to identify, persuade, register, mobilize those voters needed to actually win the state?


I'm seeing that In return. Well, wait, isn't it, isn't it, it it doesn't, it I, I'll let you finish your point, but doesn't it help the Republicans to have these early votes come in? Because then the canvassers can check all of those people they know who voted, they don't know how they voted, but they know who voted and they no longer have to keep bothering those people. Yes. That's the beauty of it. So I love the fact they're early voting. As I said, that's important. You're seeing that big numbers in Pennsylvania and Georgia, North Carolina, et cetera. This is a really good sign and a really good start for Republicans. But they have to finish the drill. You gotta run through the tape. That's all I'm saying. And so the ones where they have, you know, if they have half a million voters identified and they know a hundred thousand already voted, great, then quit sending those a hundred thousand to text messages.


Quit going and knocking on their doors and showing them up at work. Go find the ones now that you know you can get to the polls on your behalf. I think Donald Trump's campaign has just done an outstanding job recognizing the problem, addressing the last of the problems from 2020 and then doing things differently. He's outsourcing a lot of that this time to third party groups. It's something that's kind of never been tried on the scale, but, but again, you know, norms don't really exist in Trump world. But if this, it is pulled off the way, I think it's actually going, what an incredible model and what a revolutionary way to play this hand to hand combat in politics. I mean, people like Elon Musk, people like Charlie Kirk.


Yeah. People like Scott Presler in Pennsylvania who we interviewed, who's, you know, doing the get out the vote for Trump there. They, they will need personal thank yous from Donald Trump. Yeah. If Donald Trump wins this election, he got himself elected. But boy oh boy, tho those will be three names he's gonna need to help for the get out the vote effort, which you know, as much as people love you, it doesn't matter unless they actually pull the lever for you. Or in today's day and age, fill in the little dot on the Scantron. Doug, can you please answer a question for me? As somebody who actually is a pollster, we all know the polls were failed, flawed in 2016, then came 2020, where once again they greatly overstated what Joe Biden's support was going to be.


And I've heard people say they had fixed the under polling of Trump people in 2020. And I'm wrong. If you look at like the day before the election, they had corrected all these overstatements. So the polls in 2020 were in fact fixed. They were good, like fixed in a good way. And I've also heard people say no, they still hadn't figured it out by 2020, but they figured it out closer to 2022. And they definitely have figured out how to get the Trump voters factored into the polls today. So, and if anything, they may have overcorrected to where now they have more rural voters in there, more working class voters. And even like the Trump first time voters who he got off of the couch for the first time in 16, that they're now baked into the cake.


They're easier to poll. So you can trust the polls in this cycle better than you ever could. What's the truth? The truth is we don't know. And if you ask me No, but if you ask me to answer the question, because we really don't know how to draw samples. We don't know what percent are online, what percent are on cell phones, what small percent are on landlines? We don't know. So I say we don't know, not to duck the question, but there were two different types of elections presidential where Donald Trump is on the ballot in 2022, which was a midterm election where Donald Trump was not on the ballot.


From everything I've seen and I've done, the problem hasn't been fixed. I suspect there will be an under polling of the Trump voter voter if I had to bet, because a certain percentage of Trump voters are both harder to reach and disinclined to tell anyone that they're voting for the former president. Now we don't know because there's no fixed formula or clear answer. But if you ask me to say, who do I thinks ahead now? I think Donald Trump's ahead. I think he's more likely than not to win. And many Meghan of my more rational democratic friends feel the same way, though they don't wanna be perhaps as blunt about it as I've just tried to be.


Yeah, you heard Maria Shriver last night saying that everyone she knows is like completely freaked out about the election taking gummies. They're resorting to drugs now to get through the next couple of weeks. Before I go back to Hogan, can I read something to you, Doug, Sean, please. This is the real clear politics average of polls and you know, they, they post this day in history every day. Yep. And they, it's very helpful. So they, they looked back at 1620 and then they give you the numbers today in 24, right? Okay. On the national level, this is as of yesterday. In 16 they were showing Clinton up 6.2 20, 20 Biden up 7.5.


Now they have Harris up 1.0 by the way, in 2020, Biden did not win 7.5. He won 4.4. So they overstated the polls. Biden support. Now keep going with me. In 16, they had Clinton in Wisconsin up 6.5, they had Biden up 4.6. He would ultimately win Wisconsin by 0.6. So they overstated his support by four points. Today they have Trump up 0.2. Pennsylvania, they had Hillary Clinton up 6.2, they had Biden up 4.9. Biden would win the state 1.8. So they overstated him by about three points. Today they have Trump up 0.8 Ohio.


That's not really no longer real a swing, a swing state. Let's jump ahead to Michigan. Clinton was up 12 at this point in 16, Biden up 7.8. Joe Biden won it 2.8. So they overstated his support in Michigan by five points. Today they have Trump up 1.2, Arizona, Clinton up 1.5 at this point in 16, Biden up 3.2. Joe Biden would win Arizona by 0.4. So again, overstated his support by about 2.8. Trump right now showing up 1.6. Nevada showed Clinton up 4.7, showed Biden up 5.2 at this point, he won the state by 2.4 for overstated him by about three points.


Trump right now leading 0.8 North Carolina, Clinton up 2.8. Biden up 2.3. Biden would win it. 1.3. Trump right now up 0.5. This is the real clear politics of average of all polls there. Georgia was showing Trump up in 2016. Four points in 2020 was showing Biden up. 0.8. Biden would win Georgia by 11,000 votes, which was 0.3. And right now they're showing Trump up 1.8. My God, I I've never seen this. I look, I go to real clear every day.


Doug, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, trump, trump, trump, trump, trump up in every single one of the averages in every single swing state. That's unprecedented. What does it tell us Here? Here's what it tells us. If you assume that in the swing states from the two prior elections, the Trump vote is understated by say three points, which was on the low side of most of the states you cited, that would give him in every swing state a comfortable victory. I don't think there's any one of those swing states that would make Harris the, the leader if in fact there is the factor that I believe still exists.


And I think that's one of the reasons the Democrats remain worried. But also something else, Megan, all the trend data has been moving both nationally and in the swing states to Trump. It's been small movements, yes, but almost no movement to the vice president. So when you look at the trends, you look at the past vote and you look at how the polls are now coming in, you have a tough time reaching any conclusion other than Donald Trump is a narrow but clear favorite to win the election. Hmm. Hogan, what do you make of those? I mean, I just, I've never seen that Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump and the real clear politics average all the swing states.


I mean, razor thin, you hit on it in 2016, he was, I think at like 43 around this time, finished at 47. In 2020, he was at 4.3 and finished around 47. Right now, he's way ahead of where he was at. Any of those two previous elections at the same time, I'd much rather be in this position having been the, the press secretary for the campaign in 2020 than where we were four years ago. But it's pretty obvious now that I think some of this race is settling down where the media can't really tell you too much more about Donald Trump. They can't really tell you too much more about Kamala Harris. These candidates are standing now on their own records, their own rhetoric.


And it's pretty clear at this point, Doug is correct. The American people are taking a look and going, wait a minute, you're telling me I could afford gas and groceries four years ago? There weren't wars breaking out all over the world. I don't have illegal aliens flooding into my community committing, you know, murder and rape and, and burglaries and assaults, all of those things. And now I do the choice E even though I may be still un uncomfortable with some of the things Trump says, I still remember that time more fondly. And if Trump really does have some of those significant numbers and made up massive ground with black men and Hispanics, then I think this is going to be an incredible night for Donald Trump and the campaign.


Alright, so here's something else I'm seeing that suggests she, she's losing that it's not going well for her, Doug, anything had happened, we got two weeks to go. People could change their minds. Yeah, there could still be an October surprise, no one should get complacent. Morning Joe is in the midst of a meltdown and they're mad at Team Harris. And it's over an issue that's hurting her, Doug. And it's one of my most important issues. And that is the whole trans insanity that we've unleashed on our little boys and girls. And Trump has been dropping all this money on these ads that are playing in the NFL games about how Kamala Harris and she did in 2019 made clear in an A CLU questionnaire that she wanted to change the law to make it mandatory that taxpayers pay for the sex change operations and other procedures for prisoners and illegal aliens.


This is true. It is an absolute fact. And on top of that, Kamala Harris has bragged about it on camera. And we've shown the audience, the soundbite, the New York Times the day of the Bret Bearer interview dropped a piece by Glen Thrush trying to say he did it too. Trump did it too. And morning Joe is happy about the New York Times piece and sees these two things as totally equivalent. I'm just gonna tell the audience, just to remind those who didn't see our extra episode last week, which got into this just a quick ex explainer on what Trump actually did. Trump did not advocate to change anything to help people get sex change operations in prison on the taxpayer dime.


Trump inherited Obama's policy mandating that and immediately set to work to get around it. It was immersed in legal challenges for all four years of Trump's presidency, which then became mandated when they lost a court decision. And after Trump left office, somebody got a sex change operation in prison under Joe Biden, thanks to this court proceeding. And Joe Biden restored the Obama policy in full. He, he loved the Obama policy. Trump wasn't in favor of this, Trump didn't like it. He actually did manage to change the policy somewhat, and he fought it legally. And he certainly never is on camera bragging that he would work to change the law as Kamala Harris is to make sure everyone can get it if they're in prison or an illegal, that those are the facts.


I wouldn't give Trump a pass on this, and I, trust me, this is a big issue for me. I have every belief that if Trump gets back into the oval, he will make sure this stops. I mean, he can't now look at his base and all those NFL watchers and say, oh gee, I'll allow it to keep going. But take a look at morning Joe on this whole kerfuffle today, Donald Trump's Justice Department, Donald Trump's the head of his yes. Bureau of Prisons was sending instructions to Congress about gender affirming care and, and, and, and possibly surgery.


And for the life of me, they don't understand how the Harris campaign allows 30,000 commercials to run an NFL gang. Yes. Some people on the campaign scratching their heads going, Hmm hmm, this isn't a real issue. And then they're going, why are we losing black men and Hispanic men and working class white men? This is Donald Trump's justice Department, Trans gender offender manual And Guidance Taxpayer funded On transgender surgeries, gender affirming care. Yeah. In Donald Trump's prisons. I'm sure when he was president Hypocrites, just responding to that soundbite, they keep running of Kamala Harris talking about from a form that happening in prisons and being the law Trump's Policy.


She tries to grab it, it she won't let him. Yeah, she grabs it back. So Doug, you tell me what's happening there and whether you're hearing within the Democrats circles whether people are starting to turn on Team Harris. What I am getting is extreme unease with the whole range of social issues surrounding Kamala Harris. And what I found in politics, and I suspect be, and you and Hogan similarly, is when people don't want to deal with an issue or are having trouble processing it, they just get themselves into a kerfuffle to use your word.


And that's the sense I have with the Democrats. They don't have a clear response other than to try to blame Trump for that, which they're clearly much more indeed, indeed singularly responsible for. It's again, another issue that is playing into his hands without a credible democratic response. The Megan, go ahead. The Democrats. The Democrats almost benefit by their policies being so radical because so few people actually believe someone could hold that policy. Remember how this even became an issue was that on CNN, someone brought this position, Kamala Harris had of taxpayer funded sex change operations for illegal aliens in prison.


And the anchor was like, no, that's not real. And they were like, no, it is. Here's the questionnaire. Here's her bragging about it. Now we have the video of it, but also there's an undercurrent here too that I think we need to be well aware of that may not boil over, I guess before the election, but definitely after, if they lose. And it's this, the Kamala Harris team hates the Joe Biden team, hates the Barack Obama team, hates the Biden team, hates the Harris team. They all don't like each other. So if this thing begins to erode or implode in any fashion between now and the next two weeks, I think more of this palace intrigue story is going to be a bigger kind of focus of the mainstream media.


Because so many people in these orbits like to start to point fingers if they feel like it's not going the right way. So you can talk about Trump and how he's being successful right now and how it looks like the thing's on the right track because it is, the trajectory is good, but it's also kind of beneficial to take a look at what your opponent is doing. They don't have a good closing message. And what you're seeing a lot of is backbiting on their side and finger pointing on, on people to blame for their failures. It is amazing to see the consternation as they realize this issue, which is near and dear to my own heart, is a bad one for them. And it's heartening to see them run from it because now they can never embrace it again.


Now they can't. Now everybody's gonna start losing house seats and Senate seats, the more they cozy up with this crazy ideology where they're abusing children, abusing women in prisons. Yeah. And allowing this stuff like whatever happens in this election, we're winning on this issue and we must win because this one involves abusive women. Abusive children. Doug. Schoen, thank you so much for being here, Hogan. Thank you, Megan, thank you Hogan to be continued. Thank you, Megan. Wow, thanks much. What a day. Okay, coming up next, an exclusive interview with an author who says her life growing up in communist China reminds her of Kamala Harris' policies and what the Democrats have been doing to us. Since George Floyd in particular, she's actually going out on the campaign trail with Trump tomorrow.


She'll be here first today.


If you are tired of the same old coffee from the big mega corporations pushing their woke agendas. Listen up. It's time to take a stand and support a brand that truly embodies American values. Blackout Coffee, they stand with hardworking Americans who believe in family faith and freedom. They roast some of the most incredible coffee you will ever taste using only premium grade beans roasted and shipped to you within 48 hours. And for the cold brew fans, Blackout Coffee is excited to announce the launch of their two new ready to drink cold brew coffee latte options. Don't setter for less. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. Head on over to Blackout Coffee dot com slash mk or use the code MK for 20% off your first order. Blackout Coffee dot com slash mk. The code is mk, join the movement. Taste the difference. Remember, with every sip you are supporting a brand that stands for America. Be awake not woke.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus spends. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER


AI might be the most important new computer technology ever. It's storming every industry and literally billions of dollars are being invested. So buckle up. The problem is that AI needs lots of speed and processing power. So how do you compete without cost spiraling out of control? It's time to upgrade to the next generation of the cloud. Oracle Cloud infrastructure or O-C-I-O-C-I is a single platform for your infrastructure, database, application development and AI needs. OCI has four to eight times the bandwidth of other clouds offers one consistent price instead of variable regional pricing. And of course, nobody does data better than Oracle. So now you can train your AI models at twice the speed and less than half the cost of other clouds. If you want to do more and spend less like Uber eight by eight and Databricks Mosaic, take a free test drive of OCI at oracle.com/advance. That's oracle.com/advance oracle.com/advance.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Now we turn to an exclusive interview with someone sounding the alarm about what she says will happen if Kamala Harris is elected this November and how it reminds her of her time growing up in communist China. She, van Fleet was born in China and lived through Mao's cultural revolution. She's seeing things that are all too familiar to the regime she remembers. She's the author of Mao's America, a Survivor's Warning, which is out in paperback next week. She Welcome to the show. All right, so for those who don't understand or know anything about the Cultural Revolution, which I believe was from around 66 to 76, just yes.


Wa walk us through what was happening in, in China at that time when you were a little girl. Yes. But first all, thank you so much to invite me to your show. I love your show. I watch it. Listen to it every day. Oh, thank you. Oh, the pleasure's all ours. Yeah. Yes. This is very, very important for Americans to know. This piece of history is so relevant to America today. What happened in the, in China in 1966 is a cultural revolution that Mao launched. It is the revolution to unset, to really to take down the CCP take down the government.


And by who? By Mao. Mao wanted to take it down because he feel like he was losing control. He was losing control of his own party and the government, he is losing control of the absolute power. So he launched the revolution to really get the power back. That is the real story. But, but by who and how This time he did not use the mandatory. This time he used the kids, the indoctrinated youths from elementary school all the way up to universities. They are the red guards. And he used them to take down the people that, that he felt like was no longer loyal to him.


That's pretty much the whole bureaucracy of the CCP. And they also want to destroy the entire Chinese civilization and what he called the four olds. Old culture, old ideas, old habits and old custom. That is everything that in the past destroyed the past. Just like Kamala said, imagine what can be unburdened by has been so, they destroyed the statues, they renamed streets and the roads and the institutions and including their own names to be politically correct, the burn books. And they, and they eventually turned down to the perceived enemies and started with their teachers and the principals.


So And so, and and, and the language control, as I understand it was important Absolutely. To getting control over the society. Absolutely. And it's not just language control, it's thought control. Growing up in China, and I was so thoroughly indoctrinated, I could not think any other way. I had no idea where such a thing as critical thinking. I just get fed with the propaganda and I just follow the orders. And that is really what I see here in America. So how did your life start to change once, you know, this period dawned on China while you're in the midst of this.


Were were you policed in your language when you went to school? Like what, what was changing in your life under this time? During the Cultural Revolution, I just followed. Yeah, I just followed the water. And actually I was only seven when the Cultural Revolution started and the school stopped and closed because there's no one running the school because the kids, all the principals and the school administrators. So I have no school for two years. In some areas it lasted as, as long as four years. So there's absolutely, we're just free to go out and, and to watch the whole cultural revolution, non 40.


And I saw struggle sessions. I saw the red guards not only taking down statues in public spaces, they went to people's homes and took out all those four four hidden in people's homes and destroyed them. And I saw the teachers being attacked, principal being attacked. It was really a world turned upside down. You could you, I mean the, the red guards killed people, including, oh, they killed children. Yeah. And so what would lead to a Red Guard death sentence? Okay, so the red guards were the ones that ma Maus to launch the revolution.


And, it lasted about two up to three years. By then all the people in power was taken down by them. Everything was destroyed. And then they become a problem. And what do you think that maul do to them? Instead of giving them a seat at the table, he expelled them to the countryside for hard labor for the, so-called reeducation. And since then, all the young people from cities were sent to the countryside. When I graduated from high school at the age of 16, me too was sent to the countryside to work in the field to get my so-called reeducation.


That lasted for three years until Miles death. And his successor de Xing finally decided to stop all this chaos and reopen university. And at the age of 19, I was able to go to college. And in 1986 I was able to come to America for my graduate study. Wow. And that was the beginning of everything for you. Now you're an American citizen and I understand you just cast your vote in this election. Yes, I just did. I was just, this just, to me, it was such a moment. I really was, you know, shaking hand and my hands were shaking.


And I just feel like this election really, really will determine the survival of our republic People here, especially young people, they have no idea. They never leave the day without freedom. They have no idea what it is like to lose freedom. So not just lose your, the right to speak, they will indoctrinate everyone so no one could even think freely. And that's is the kind of slavery of communism that so few Americans really understand. This is why you voted for Donald Trump.


You're gonna be campaigning with Donald Trump tomorrow in Georgia. Yes. And you've been living by these principles for a long, long time. You spoke up loudly, forcefully in Loudoun County, Virginia, which has been ground zero for a lot of these fights. Right after the death of George Floyd, when we all, not we, but many people in the country were losing their minds and allowing this, so-called critical race theory to infect everything. Unfortunately it's still everywhere and it's needs to be extracted like a cancer. But you spoke up at one of the school board meetings. We have a little bit of that. This thing made you a star. Let's watch. Growing up in Mouse China, all the same. Very familiar.


The communist regime used the same critical theories to divide people. The only difference is they use class instead of race. During the Cultural Revolution, I witnessed students and teachers again turn against each other. We change school names to be politically correct. We were taught to denounce our heritage. The red guards destroy anything that is not communist oath, statues, books, and anything else. We are also encouraged to report on each other, just like the Student equity ambassador program and the bias reporting system. This is indeed the American version of the Chinese Communist. The Chinese cultural revolution, the critical race theory has its roots in cultural Marxism.


It should have no place in our school. Amen. Amazing. And that, and you've been there and it's actually, if you speak to people from certain eastern European countries, they have exactly the same view you do when you've, you've had all these rights restricted or really removed from your life, in your case as a little girl, without even knowing what it would be like to have them. You see this indoctrination very differently critical race theory among them. Absolutely. I think it is simply because I've been there, I lived through it and I can see it. And the reason that American people, so many of them, even today, they don't recognize it.


Why? It's because they don't know. They don't know the history. They were never taught the history of communism and the history of Chinese communism and the history of the Chinese cultural revolution. And that's why they could not recognize, and that is by design. And that's why they, they took our universities and then our schools because by controlling the educational system, they could really get rid of the past, get rid of the inconvenient history and the indoctrinate the kids. And that's not just today and started way back, Right?


Like, like the fact that America's one of the only countries to ever fight a war to end slavery as opposed to our original sin of having it, which they want, wanna say we can never get out of. They just wanna erase the parts of history that would show who we truly are. This something you said in the beginning of the interview reminded me of this James Lindsay went on with Tucker recently and he was making a point that you just, I think alluded to, oh, sorry. He was with Charlie Kirk. And here's the point, take a listen. Vice President Harris will say repeatedly, what is the quote? The quote is that we can see what can be unburdened by what has been is that word salad or Marxism? It's Marxism. That is in fact not at all word salad.


It is a Marxist, as I said on Twitter the other day, and got mocked relentlessly by the media for this. I said it's a Marxist incantation, as a matter of fact it's like a spell. So you can see the possibility of a world that's unburdened from its own history, which is exactly what Mao Zong did when he launched the campaign of smash the four olds, the four old characteristics of Chinese society. They were gonna make a new China that was gonna be unburdened by what had been in the past of China. This is what the Soviets, the Bolsheviks did when they took over power in Russia, is that they were gonna make the new Russia, they're gonna make the new man. As a matter of fact, people could become unburdened by what has been. That of course is one of Kamala Harris's favorite absolutely.


Phrases. Yes. Do you hear that kind of language from her in a, in a different way than the rest of us do? You know, it took me a while. I said, what did she mean? It sounds kind of like a jbb. I have no idea. It took me a while. And especially after listening to James Lindsay, I said, yes, yes, that's exactly what I witnessed in China get rid of before Oats four oats stands for the past, stands for Chinese civilization, stands for a nation's memory and has to be all erased because Mao want to usher in his own ideology, his own religion, maoism.


And because of that, he has to get rid of everything in the past. So what have you seen specifically with critical race theory or I think you could probably say the same thing with the trans indoctrination that looks familiar to you from the way you grew up. You said some division. Division. Why is that in their interest? Why, why do they want division? Okay, so if you want to control a people, if you want to, you know, have a revolution, you got to divide the people from day one. In 1949 when the communists took over China, they divided the entire country into two classes, A red class and a black class.


And the red one is those who own anything, your own land property, or sometimes you just own one more walk, then your neighbor and you become the black class, the enemy of the people. And then the other side is the red class. Those are the proletarians, those are the allies of the revolution. But eventually it become anyone who think like the rich And, it will be condemned and, and thrown into the black class. Just like today, being white, you are guilty. That is the original sin instead of the wealth.


Whiteness is the sin in today's cultural revolution. Fear. And even if you are black, but if you are accused of thinking like a white person, you belong to the, the black class in, in mouse term. And that is how every Chinese got identity, this identity something you pass down to your children and your children's children. And you can be born belonging to the black class just because your parents were. And, and with that, you become the second citizen. Second class citizen. Mao used the identity politics to divide people and control people and set them against each other.


And this is exactly what the critical risk theory aims to do. Instead of class, they use race. That's just that simple. Very, very, very Similar. I was surprised after George Floyd at how quickly so many people and institutions folded on changing the curriculum. Changing the narrative about America, changing everything, you know, just posting the black square saying Black Lives matter. I'm gonna say it, I'm gonna say it. You know, we got letters from both of our schools, the head of the schools, I'm racist and the schools racist and I've done racist things. And I remember being like, what'd you do? What? Tell us? There was nothing. She was just self-flagellating to try to go along with the, you know, the, the messaging from above.


I'm a good girl, don't hate me. I wanna be in one of the protected classes. Were you surprised how quickly people folded on this? I was surprised and I was not surprised. And because I've seen this before, what surprised me is that the Americans were for it back then. I really did not know. I did not pay that much attention. I I told you when I came, I tell everyone that when I came to America, I thought I left communism behind me. I thought, I really thought there's nothing for me to worry about. And I, even as a myself, I made this mistake. I did not share my stories of the Cultural Revolution with my friends, my family.


I just want to forget about it. And so now in 2020, I realize the people just don't know. They don't know. And that is why actually in 2022, I finally decided that a short interview here and a speech over there won't do it. I quit my job and wrote that book and that book really explained the parallels of this two cultural revolution. And tell everyone, this is history repeat, It's called Mao America, A Survivor's Warning by she Van Fleet.


You can get it in paperback right now. So she, what do you hear or see from Kamala Harris that concerns you? Everything. And remember that equity clip she did. And you know, we start to, you know, we may not start in the same place. So that is the government job to make sure we all end up in the same place. Yes, mal play that same trick and we all ended up in the same place. That's true. Only that it's the same place of poverty, misery and oppression. And then, you know, the, everything she talk about the race, you know, of the, the, the race, critical race theory of the division of the marginalized people and then control price and everything else.


She really thinks, talks, acts like a communist. Also, She has been saying also the, yeah, go ahead. Sorry. You know, I know dear to your heart is the transgender issue. And people ask me, did the do transgender in China? No, he didn't. He did not have to. He did not have to because he had enough in tactics to, to achieve his goal. But he did attack gender role. And so growing up in China, we, the girls were all taught, taught that femininity is toxic.


It is weak, it is bourgeois. It is not revolutionary. It is something to get rid of. We all aim to be a iron girl and iron girls. What men can do, we can do better. So all men and women and young girls, we think, talk, act, and dress like men. And we become kind of like men. And that is what Mao did to China. And here, of course, Mao was dealing with a people that never knew freedom and never, always, always live on the tyranny in America. This is the free people.


And so they have to be more sophisticated and what they're doing in America, I have to say. And it's, it's more evil than what Mao did. Only that Mao killed more people. But this idea of you can transition from one gender to another just by identify yourself, that is absolutely evil. Well it's also very destabilizing for the family unit, for the community, for the school. And that seems to be of some benefit to a Mao type thinker. Like they're, they're in favor of that sort of instability in the, in the community.


Yeah. He did it in different ways than one of these. He made all the children the spies of their parents, and the parents are really scared of children. And people ask me whether my parents talk to me during the Cultural Revolution, help me to understand what's going on. I said, no, they're afraid of children because children will report their parents. And many of them were sent to execution side because the children reported their talks at home to the party. Same thing in Cuba. By the way. We've had people on this show talking about how the same thing, they, they encourage you to report on your neighbor, report on your parents.


You see these things bit, bit by bit schools asking you inappropriate questions about your home life, your child doctors asking questions about your home life that are none of their business. You're sounding an important alarm. She thank you, thank you for writing this book, MAOS America, A Survivor's Warning. I'm so glad you voted and that you're an American citizen and have so much fun with Trump on the campaign trail tomorrow. Enjoy. I will. Thank you so much. Oh, all the best to you. Wow. What a story. God, you know, it's, it's one of those things a republic, if you can keep it, you know, you freedom's too easy to lose. Only takes a generation as they say. And we're well on our way to kissing a goodbye.


Just, just without even stopping. Just what over abortion is that really, is that worth it? That's gonna be a state by state issue. It's not gonna be outlawed in the United States of America. It's not. Think about what she said and what the future could look like if we go in the wrong direction. We'll see you tomorrow with Mark Halperin and the host of the morning meeting. Talk to you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.