
When a university is built on merit, problem solving, and real world results, America leads, when it pioneers breakthroughs in national defense and supports American innovation, America wins. And when that same university ensures world-class education is within reach for all families America prospers. This is MITA partner in Building a Stronger America. Learn more@understanding.mit.edu.


I served in the Army for 17 years and fought in Iraq and Afghanistan. Today we face new threats from China, Russia, and Iran working together Against our way of life. US International Assistance helps avoid costly wars, prevents terrorism, and keeps our troops out of harm's way. We must strengthen international assistance to stop threats before they reach our shores. But cutting international assistance puts our national security at risk. Let's keep America safe.


Dedicated is expanding. We are now filming our segments. We are doing some slick new video inside the SiriusXM Studios. So if you want to see me fixing the cocktails and having conversations with our awesome guests, go to YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, or the SiriusXM app. And you can see us in studio. Welcome to Dedicated with Doug Brunt. You have just gained access to an exclusive insider's. Look at the lives and works of some of your favorite authors, and to your conversations with the world's greatest writers as they discuss their writing, lifestyle, creative process, latest work, and behind the scenes revelations.


Welcome to a Special Episode of Dedicated Today. We're gonna bring you not just a list of the best books, we're gonna bring you the best lists of the best books for Father's Day. And to do that, we have brought in three of the world's greatest writers who will each recommend three books. So at the end of the show, you have nine books on your list. We are joined by Jennifer Egan, Pulitzer Prize winning author of a visit from the Goon Squad, Jay McInerney, author of the decade defining novel, bright Lights, big City, and David Grann, who has carved out a permanent piece of real estate on the bestseller list with his books, the Wager and Killers of the Flower. Moon, esteemed Authors. Welcome. Thank you.


Thank you. Thrilled to have you here. We are gonna be sipping champagne while we build our list of nine. And SiriusXM is so happy to have you three in the building that I'm happy to tell you we'll be drinking Kristol, Kristol. Wow. Right. Moving up in the world. So I'm gonna open this without making too big a mess. Insurance Lindsay wasn't shaking. And I know this is sort of a father's day, You know, the timing of the release is kind of Father's Day and books are kind of a stalwart. But what are some other, Jay, you're sort of a watch collector. That's not a bad you, you could saber it. Oh, if I had to saab it, that would really, I think that might be the last show we do here. Yeah.


You know, I've, I've seen so many people try thank and fail to do that. That it, it might not be worth the effort. I Just saw a clip of that online where it just shattered the, the bottle. Oh man. Terrible, terrible. But Jay, you're a, you're a watch collector, right? That's a Father's Day. A gift. That's A very nice watch. Actually. More expensive than a book. Yes. Un unfortunately. It's a, it's a, it's an expensive habit, especially. How many Watches do you have? I have about 20. Okay. I I recently traded in five or six. Yeah. Do you have specials? I'm trying to, I'm I'm trying. The trouble is you, You know, there's only so many watches you can wear. So I, I'm, I'm narrowing it down a bit.


Do you have special watch purveyors that you like to go to? Yeah, I have a book. I have a book dealer. That's cool. Several watch dealers and several wine. Wine dealers. Ah, There we go. But Alright, we are in. Alright. All right. Cheers. Great to see you all. Cheers. Cheers. Thank you for having us. Cheers. Yep. Cheers. Ah, yum. Mine turned out to be mostly foam. I'm already going back for, for more. So, Jenny, may we start with you? Yes. And your, your three books. So I went with a crime theme, and I'm gonna actually go as it happens in chronological order, starting with Agatha Christie, obviously, as we all know, Agatha Christie wrote many books.


And this is, in my opinion, her best. I haven't read all of them, but I'm interested. I, I am fascinated by whodunits and sort of what makes a who done at work. And in a way it feels like there are many boxes that you need to check to have a successful who done it. One is, You know, obviously is the, is the killer a surprise. But not just that, because ideally before we get to that surprise, we fall through what I've sort of come to think of as a series of trapped doors, people that we think are the killer. And then boom, we fall through that and then we think it's this one, and boom, we fall through that. So achieving that, and then the final surprise is really important.


But in a way, the even harder thing that I think is so rare for who done it to achieve is to have enough kind of psychological acuity that we actually want to reread it. I mean, think about it. How many times do you ever wanna reread a who done it? Very seldom. This one, I think actually achieves all of those things. I can't say too much about it, of course, because it's the nature of a who done it that you have to be pretty mom in describing the plot. But what I will say is that it's a OT mystery, And he comes in as a sort of unexpected element. He's, he's a sort of next door neighbor who gets involved in trying to solve the crime.


And it has a, it's told in the first person, it has a wonderful kind of narrative voice. It's one of her early books. And in my, and the one that I've enjoyed the most of all of hers. That Sounds good. I love that. The complexity of the plaque is now these days when I, half the shows I see on Netflix that are meant to be who'd done it Mysteries, I finish it and I'm like, why did I just waste? It feels like it was written in about a day. The plot, the ending makes no sense. They cannot land it. So this sounds terrific. Well, the thing is that, that I think that can happen really easily because to find someone who hasn't been a suspect, someone that the reader hasn't thought of, You know, how does it, how do you hit that amazing mix of surprise and, and inevitability?


And in a way it's a challenge that I think one has with any work of fiction, but it is crystallized in the who done it because if it's too far afield, you, you have surprise, but it's nonsense. So the inevitability is missing if you have too much inevitability. It's exactly who the reader thought was the killer. So very hard to pull it off Is this, is this one of the ones where she uses the setting as kind of a device. You know, like the 10 little Indians are on an island or murder on the Orange Express are all on a train. She often puts them in a place where they are sort of trapped and it's all happening. It It is in a stately home, but they are not entirely trapped. And I think that's one reason I really like it because I find those, those kind of entrapment settings to be a little too much like Door A, door B or door C.


This is in a community. And I think maybe, actually I hadn't thought of it. That I think is why I like it better than a lot of those famous ones, which of course works so well for a movie because you've got everyone in one place. But to me that insularity on the page often results in a kind of, almost a mathematical kind of dryness. And this has more color to it and, and a lot of humor as well. So anyway, so that is, I highly recommend. Number two is Chester Himes, a Rage in Harlem. So wonderful crime writer. He actually did write Whodunits, but this is not a whodunit.


But his, his, he has a de his novels all take place in Harlem. He was writing in the forties and the fifties. He was a very successful writer. In fact, he had been imprisoned for many years for a crime that he, You know, did commit. But he began writing in prison and became very successful after he got out. He has a pair of detective police officers who are African American and working in Harlem. Their position is very tricky because they are policing their own community. What I love about a Rage in Harlem, I will also say for audio book lovers, Samuel Jackson is the narrator of the audio book of this.


And he is dynamite. This is actually a comic crime novel that also has elements of horror. It's, it's, it's quite grotesque in moments, sort of hilariously grotesque. And what I really love about it is that the Grotesqueness is very unexpected, as is the comedy. So what Himes does is he sort of sets up a, a a series of expectations, which are that this is going to be a kind of lighthearted book. It feels like it's, it's sort of silly in a way because it involves a guy who is a very gullible protagonist, who is immediately fleeced of money by people who tell him that they can turn $10 bills into a hundred dollars bills by putting them into an oven and sort of turning it on.


It's called the Blow and the Idea. And unfortunately, of course, what what ends up happening is that he loses all of his $10 bills And he works in a funeral parlor. So he, in, in his wild efforts to try to reclaim this money, he ends up stealing from his boss and sort of getting deeper. He, he gambles and loses. He gets deeper and deeper and deeper into trouble. And it feels as though, You know, nothing can really go wrong here because he's such a lovable figure. But he also has an identical twin brother who is a heroin addict, who dresses up as a nun and raises money on the street for the Sisters of Mercy in, in drag.


And so this, he enlists his brother to help him and wildness ensues. It is, I mean, it's a very short novel and it is a wonderful kind of wild ride. And the last thing I'll say about it, and the really unexpected part of it is that in this kind of comic crazy world, what ultimately emerges very unexpectedly is some pretty searing social commentary about life in Harlem. And so it's a kind of stealth, a a stealth manifesto almost, which is, which never appears as such, but leaves us with a really strong impression of racial injustice.


But it's delivered with sheer delight. That's a lot to do in one book. Number three, published in 1981, A Flag for Sunrise by Robert Stone, one of my favorite writers. I feel like he has been a bit eclipsed. He died in 2015. And I, I don't hear his books talked about very much. And I, I would love to have that change. I think he really was a wonderful writer. This is also a crime novel of sorts. But Stone has a kind of approach that he uses in many of his books, which is that he follows several different points of view as various individuals converge in a kind of climactic violent situation.


And the setting for this is a, an fictional Latin American country on the verge of revolution. And we have gun runners approaching there with, with ammunition hidden in a shrimp boat. We've got a kind of psychotic Coast Guard service member who has resigned, killed his dogs and left his child. And we don't know what is going on with him. We've got a nun who is part of the revolutionary process and an a sort of anthropologist who finds himself in the middle of all this. It feels, You know, it feels of its moment in the best way.


So published in 81, what we really feel is the presence of the Vietnam War still in a way that we don't really feel the weight of that today. In the same way it certainly comes across as a, as as raising questions about American interventions. But finally, as with any really good book, it's just exciting and, and full of, I think what I think of as Stones signature element are just these wonderful set pieces. There's a, there's a moment where the anthropologist dives under a coral reef and sort of feels the presence of some tremendous darkness, some sort of shadow of, of, of danger or, and we don't know if it's sort of natural or supernatural or just psychological.


And the, the scene of the, the gun runners who end up employing the kind of psychopathic ex coast guard guy very who and who ends up being very attracted to the wife of the couple and the gun runners you can imagine exciting stuff, really recommend it. These are All, do you remember when you first read these or when these were first introduced to you somehow? The, a flag for Sunrise? I think I read not long after it came out. Yeah, I think I read it. I was, You know, I sort of arrived in New York in, in 80, 87, I think already a Stone fan. So I read that sort of contemporaneous with its publication Chester Himes I read in the last few years because I've gotten very interested in crime fiction.


And I ended, I actually taught it LA a year ago at the University of Pennsylvania in a literature course I was teaching. And that was a lot of fun actually. It was a really, it was a interesting book to teach in that, to teach in a literature course, but also a way to think about genre and the ways, what genre, how it works, how it, it sort of sets up certain things that we know will happen. And then in a way, the success of a genre novel lies in how, how in what ways it can kind of surprise us despite those rules. And then Arod, I think I read that actually also in the last like five years. I had read many Agha Christies and this was one I hadn't read and I just loved it.


Well, these are terrific. Thank you. By the way, as your lists were coming in, I realized I I am oh for nine on all these books. I haven't read anything, so I'm excited for My list has gotten massive now of books To read. Well, I, I agree about Robert Stone, that he should be more red And he, he was actually a pretty good friend of mine. I first got hooked on Dog Soldiers. Yeah, that was A really good book. I think the pri prior novel bit. Yeah. And his first was on all of Mirrors. His books Are, I mean, they're like on the verge of being really literary thrillers, but they're not, they're not whodunits, they're No, They're just suspenseful and violent and scary. Yeah. Any booked a film on, on these?


I don't know, actually. I think they, I wouldn't Be, I think Dog Soldiers is mid to a film. Dog Soldiers has been, I don't know about a flag for Sunrise. I wouldn't be surprised if all of them have been, but obviously not successfully enough that we know, know about it. But I think, I think they may all have made it to the screen in one form or another. I know a number of hims novels I think did Great. Jay McInerney, well, I'm gonna start with my crime thriller. 'cause I actually am not really a reader of crime fiction and, and suspense novels. But I, I think for Christmas, my friend Morgan Kin, who's the publisher of Grove of Atlantic, gave me this Len Dayton novel called Berlin Game.


And of course I'd heard of Len Dayton. He's one of the most successful novelists of all time. But I'd never read one. And I just found myself somewhere where that was the book I had in my hand. And once I started it, I couldn't put it down, as we often say, of very suspenseful books. But I was also, I was so impressed with the writing because the one writer whose suspense writing I have read is, is John Le Carey. And, and this, this struck me as every bit as good as, as Le Carey's Better Work. And I mean the, the, the, the granularity of the, of the, of the, of the observation and the writing.


I mean, he, the the plot is very compelling, but, but the way that scenes are set, characters are drawn. Even the dialogue, it was so impressive to a, a novelist such as myself and I, I couldn't, yeah. I just, I couldn't turn away. And it's, it's, it's, it's a very intricate plot, which involves, of course, a a a a spy. And he's somewhat in the mold of, of fictional spies in that he's a little cynical, You know, he's a little down at the heels.


His career is kind of on the skids, whereas his wife is on the way up in the same agency. And basically he is charged as a sort of last hurrah. He's charged with finding a mole in, in the agency. And, and, and it, it is indeed surprising who I think this answers all of your, your requirements for it. So it's a who it's Not who Done it, meaning who's the All but, but yeah. But it, in the end you say, oh yeah, of course. But you don't say that in the beginning as to as to who the mole is. And it's really, and, and it's also, You know, it's, it's also set in that that, I don't know, I don't wanna say romantic, but that kind of storied period of bur or of espionage in Berlin where all the, the major powers where like early cold warfighting, early Cold War where all the major powers were sort of fighting for turf and, and spying on each other and really, really compelling.


The good news is if you, if you really like Berlingame, there's about 34 others, including two more in this, in this trilogy. So, okay. Yeah. I just, I was really blown away. And, and as I, as I say, I'm, I, I feel like now I'm gonna start reading more of these types of books, but particularly with Len Dayton. Let's see, my next novel let's, is a Fan's Notes by Frederick Ley. Quite a different, quite a different genre if indeed it's any genre at all. It's, it's very curious. The, the author himself, Fredrik actually couldn't decide whether it was a memoir or a novel. He, he, he went back and forth in describing it.


But, but it, it is clearly highly autobiographical. And, and it was published in 68, at which point he was 40 years old. And it's very, it's very interesting. It is a successful novel about a man realizing that he will never be a success, that he will never finish his novel, and that he's a, he's a miserable failure as a human being. The title refers to the fact that one of his few passions is Frank Gifford in the New York Giants. And every weekend he goes, he drives an hour from his, the town where he lives and teaches high school in order to drink all day at a bar and, and, and watch the Giants play.


He actually just, quite coincidentally, he went to USC at the same time that Frank Gifford was a student there and, and, and an athlete. And he becomes obsessed with Gifford. His own father was a student athlete in Watertown, New York. And it was, he was locally famous, he was big man around town and actually was obsessed with the idea of becoming famous of, of somehow becoming like his father of Frank Gifford. And yet he, he sabotages himself at every turn. You know, for one thing, he's a, he's a stone cold alcoholic. And you'd think that would be very depressing.


And at times, I suppose it is, he also spends a fair amount of time in mental institutions. But, but Did you ever get to meet this guy? I ne I never did. Unfortunately, I corresponded briefly with him before. I think he died in, I think he died in the early eighties. But, but he was, but I, I am not the only person who was just blown away by, by the honesty of the book, by also, You know, he's a real stylist and, but It has shades of a a million little pieces, You know, You know, that book that came out and it was about rehab and all those things. And I think he tried to sell it as a novel and that didn't work. And he sold it as a, as a memoir, and it did work. And then there was the whole Oprah exposure of which is which.


Yeah. So Did he, did he sell it as a novel though? Well, he was quite clear about the fact that it was a highly autobiographical document. Okay. And I, I think eventually it was published as a novel. But, but it, it, it's clearly, it's clearly very documentary. Yeah. And there's something strangely exhilarating about watching this guy trip over his own feet and sabotage himself in, at, at every turn, I suppose, in part because it's, it's so beautifully written. And I know, You know, I've sort of bonded with quite a few people over this book, including the Man Who became my editor Gary Fijan.


It's, it's, it's, it's really extremely compelling. My last book is Light Years by James Salter and James James Salter is I think one of the great, great stylists of, of certainly my lifetime. But, and, and he's a great novelist. He, but he was always called the writer's writer. And he used to drive him crazy, You know, he said, Meaning I don't sell Well. Yeah. Meaning, he said, how about, how about I have your sales and you, we can call you a writer's writer. So he was, he was in the Air Force, he was a ski racer, he was a very interesting character.


His books are highly literary and Hi, his gifts as a, as a stylist are just incredible. I, no, nobody writes sentences like James Salter. Almost all the writers that I know revere him, and almost everybody else hasn't read them. I, I, I could have picked a number of, of his books. But for instance, this sport in The Pastime, which is one of the most erotic books, literary books I've ever read, set in France in the fifties, light years is also set in the fifties. And I just love that, that, although the, the couple in the book, Nedra and Veery very strange names, they, they live on the Hudson And he kind of commutes in and outta New York as, as an architect.


The book presents this idyllic marriage, at least from the outside. And they have dinner parties, and they have these two lovely kids and for whom they make toys and art and so on. And 'cause eventually they turns out they're both, they're both having an affairs and, and it's an extraordinary portrait of a marriage. But the marriage does fall apart in, in the, in the end of the book. And the funny thing is, the first time I read it, I didn't remember that they got divorced because the, the portrait of the marriage was so good. But I think they present such a beautiful picture from the outside that the thought occurs to one that, You know, they couldn't possibly be experiencing it that way on the inside.


And it is okay if I just read a short passage. Yeah, please. I had, I had to put this on my phone 'cause I forgot the book today, but this Is from the Salter book, But this is from light years, and this is about Nedra, the, the wife and, and I, this will give you a sense of his, the rhythms of his writing during the days she was utterly at peace. Her life was like a single well spent hour. Its secret was its lack of remorse, of self pity. She felt herself purified. The days were cut from a quarry that would never be emptied. Intuit came books, errands, the seashore, occasional pieces of mail.


She read them slowly and carefully sitting in the sunshine as if they were newspapers from abroad. I mean, I just, I just find that amazing. Yeah. I I I could almost pick any passage and, and it would have the same strange rhythms, but also his, his sense, his sense of light, of, of the movement of air in a room is, is he, he, he writes about light like nobody I know. And When did Salter pass away? He died, I believe in 2016. Okay. Pretty recent. He, he lived a long life, didn't he? He lived a very long and productive life. He, he also wrote a couple of cookbooks, which I should meant Len Dayton did too.


And I'm a, You're a wine critic. Watches and cooking. I'm a foodie. I was, I was very fortunate that when I was, when, when I was writing a book, you mentioned earlier, brightness Falls, he lent me his, he, he used to go to Aspen in the winter to ski. And, and so he lent me his house in the Hamptons to, to work in the winter. And, and, and it's funny because Brightness Falls was actually, You know, influenced by light years, certainly. And yeah, there I was in the that's interesting place where it might have been created, But Well, that's, You know, it's a nice tribute to him nine years after his death to have his fiction read here. And you three have written these iconic books, You know, decades from now, people beginning reading, you still, you're, you've become immortal through your work.


If only by the way, I, I would mention, but I was concentrated on novel i, I a book I admire immensely and read fairly recently. Oh, thank you. And there was a wonderful profile of Salter and The New Yorker about, what was that, about five years ago by Nick Pagar. Ah, that's right. Yes. And to be honest, that is what prompted I had never read Salter, the writer's writer, and went and devoured him as a result of that. Oh, excellent. Yeah. And, And he also in raptured by the Pros, but I could never, I would never dare try to imitate it. I mean, It's, it's, it's very hard, it's very hard to imitate. I mean, he, You know, his senses don't follow one another the way that other, that most people's sentences do.


I mean, most of us are like first A, then B then C and Salter is, is is very sinuous and, and, and kind of oblique in his movements. And, but I I, I like, like Robert Stone, I, I I hope that he gets Yeah. That he continues to be read. Because It's funny how some, And He was always, he was a little in his lifetime that he, he Oh, And He was he a big seller in his lifetime? No, No. Very small. I mean, not at all. A cult. A Cult writer. Yeah. He was a cult writer. And, And he, all the right people liked him, You know, but Yeah. But, but, but not enough of them. I wanna just add a couple things about a fans note, which I also really love.


One is that it's hilarious. It's a very funny book. Yeah. And I remember vividly a scene of the main character on a job interview, which is just, I mean, you said Sy tripping over his own feet. I mean, you're just, you're sort of dying. And yet it, it's just, it's laugh out loud funny. And then the other thing that I find really poignant is that after the book came out, he and Frank Gifford became friends. Yes. So that, that, that kind of, i, that the idolization resulted in a friendship between two guys who were the same age, because as you say, they went to school together. I find that very sweet. Yeah. He, he probably, he went on to publish two more books that were not as critically fiction, again, kind of fictional memoir.


And they, they were, they were not, no, they were not as good as this. But they, You know, a lot of people have one book in them. And he, he had this one book and it was better than most books are Talented writer. Before we go to David, Jenny, you were, before we got rolling, you were talking about a book recommendation you had had made in the Times. Maybe you could share, retell, maybe a little bit of that. Yes. Well, You know, the Times has this, the feature that they do of like, books relating to a certain place. And they did one about New York City, and they asked me about a few different books, but the one or a few different kind of categories of New York. And one of them was sort of the publishing world.


And I recommended Jay's book, brightness Falls, which you just mentioned as an example of the, a novel that I think best captures the publishing world as it as it was when I first began to publish in the, in the mid nineties. And there's actually a line which I'm gonna mangle if I try to quote it now, But It's something like, I probably will Too. There's a young guy who becomes, who writes a book, And he becomes famous kind of overnight. And it says, everyone listens a little bit more closely to everything he says, And he listens a little less closely To What everyone else says, No BS. And I just thought, oh, I think that's it. I love it. It's so true. We all know that guy David Grant.


Alright, well I'm going to cheat because en listening to this conversation, of course, I suddenly the brain started to start with other ideas for other books. Right, right. So forgive me, but I'll do it quickly. But when he mentioned Linton, You know, there was a, it, it reminded me of Eric Ambler, who I think is actually a great, a great Father's Day book, and somebody who has kind of been forgotten over time, but wrote early spine novels and really kind of, and you were talking about suspense and mystery. And he, I think some consider him the person who kind of invented the suspense novel, but he writes it credibly. I agree. And, and Epitaph to a Spy would be a great one to start with.


And I think he influenced Hitchcock a lot this idea, and I'm speculating on that. But he, it was always about this kind of ordinary, this is my favorite kind of mystery and spy novel, which is the ordinary person who suddenly gets caught up in something larger than himself and is trying to kind of make sense of this world. So any That's that, that's Hitchcock. Yeah, that's Hitchcock. And that was Ambler. So in any case, that made me think of that. And I took my homework very serious. So I say, okay, well what is Father's Day book now? Of course. What is a Father's Day book? Sometimes people say, my books are father dad's books. I'm a dad, but I never think when I'm writing a book, this is a dad's book. I just write a book that, and a story that's interesting because I think kind of any great story or, or You know, can fit for any of these kind of holidays.


But, but I did try to project out on this kind of archetypal father. I don't know if he really exists, but I tried to create one in my mind and picking these books. So I thought, well, father's Day, they're always recommending like these president, these big thick presidential biographies. Right? Yeah. It's always, and and I will confess that unless it's kind of written by Robert Caro or someone of that ilk Yeah. And has the psychological dimensions. I don't actually wanna read 20 volumes on Garfield or somebody, but this kind of fits my version of a, of, of presidential getting, working in a presidential biography. It's by Candace Millard. It's the River of Doubt. Because what it really is, is just a hell of a story.


And rather than being a soup to nuts bio of an individual, it's just plopping down the president in the middle of a situation, in the middle of a story, which is, he's kind of smarting, Teddy Roosevelt is kind of smarting from a presidential race. He does one of these, You know, he loves to kind of go off on these adventures. And this one becomes more than he bargained for in mapping an Amazonian river known as the River of Doubt, because it was not fully explored. And, and so you kind of learn about Roosevelt, but you learn about him in this kind of tight, more compulsive narrative.


And you get to see someone through action, which is, you get to see how they are. And of course the, there's another character that kind of emerges as the real kind of hero in the background, which is a, a Colonel Rondon who is a Brazilian colonel who kind of is really kind of leading the expedition. And Roosevelt almost dies on the expedition. And, and so it has, You know, again, I tried to take this archetype of this father out here, this projection of what I thought, but I tried to give it a version that I would like, which is to actually have a hell of a story rather than he was born on this day And he died on this day. So that's the river of doubt by Candace smaller.


She's also a great writer of nature. And so the Amazon, I've never read anything about her, but a friend of mine was just recommending she's written a few non-fiction and narrative non-fiction type books. Yes. I think she's, she's really successful. Yeah. Hugely successful. And, and the Amazon is actually, actually the third actually the most awesome character in the book. I mean, she just brings the, the nature and the jungle to light. I read this when I was working on the velocity of Z So that's how, that's what kind of led me to that one. And then because I read so much nonfiction for work and research, I actually tend not to read it so much. I tend to read more fiction. I read these wonderful novelists, and this is a book called The North Water by Ian McGuire.


I don't even know how to describe you all, probably describe it better than I would, but it is, it's a c novel on a whaling ship in the 19th century that is completely doomed. And of course, working on the wager, something You know about. Yes. Working on the wager. I I was, You know, read a lot of sea tails. But this one is kind of, it's, it's it's very own thing. I hate, I always don't like when one compares another novel to bring it to light. But it is a little bit like Mick McCarthy at Sea. The Sea becomes this kind of biblical landscape testing these human beings. It is the utter rawness and savagery of human nature dealing with themes of good and evil.


But I think, and I think you all talked about this in, in, in your picks, I, I think ultimately what makes a great novel succeed and rise above even its story, is the sentences. And he can really write a sentence. So that would be the North water and Yeah. And, and, and, and, but this is a fairly dark, hopeless grim. So perhaps my projection onto my archetypal father is probably a little dark like I am. So I don't know. And then the third one was, again, the mystery. It just, there's something kind of cozy about a mystery. I am a total unlike you, I I will read for my pleasure is like just style any, I'm going read some of these crime novels you had mentioned, which I not, but I just love reading crime fiction.


I love detective work. I love spy novels. And I could have picked any one of them, but I picked this one by Louis Penney, this is her newest one, the Gray Wolf, the Plot. And this one is a little bit more baroque. I actually, I would almost recommend starting at the beginning 'cause she's done a series of these Oh, you mean a series of the beginning of series? Yeah, the beginning of these series. 'cause I don't even know what number this is. It's, I was gonna ask how you usually read books. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. I don't cheat, I don't cheat on my mysteries. But the, the thing I like about they're, they're set in Quebec, there's always the same Detective Gamache and she's got this wonderful little village with these characters who kind of reoccur and re reappear in all her little novels.


And, and they have a mystery. But you talked about a lot of the trap doors that make mysteries and then who is the villain and who is the suspect. But I think the other element in, in certainly series of crime novels is who is the detective? Mm. Who is that figure who is piecing these things together? I grew up kind of reading the Sherlock Holmes stories, and then of course that was the kind of archetypal detective, but the superhuman rationalist who is almost like a superman of reason could see everything and looks at the, looks at the dust on your pants and concludes exactly what your profession is and defines exactly how you committed the murder by a glance while the rest of us like Watson are kind of bumbling about.


Yeah. But the reason I, I quite like these Louise Penny novels is Gamache, he's clearly smart, he's very reasonable, he's methodical, he's rational, but there's a decency and a wisdom that kind of permeates his detection. And there's just something, I would just say living in the world in which we live these days with so much tumult, so much chaos. And so there's a certain wisdom and almost heart that kind of goes against the kind of way it is almost the anti homes in a way that I find very comforting. And I will say that I like to walk a lot and I listened to her novels.


I I actually haven't read them. I listened to them. And does she Have the same reader For most of them? Well, I will say this was kind of tragic. She had the, the, the first reader of several of her novels, I thought was one of the best readers I'd ever heard. And, and created Gamache in my mind. And then he passed away. And so they've had other ones who are great readers too. But for me it was actually always really, it's A bond's like I'm not Sean Connery Guy. It was just hard. Right, exactly. You just did, didn't work. And so that was always really hard. But I really liked to listen to these, to listen to Gamache as I walked Around. Isn't there another more American archetype besides Holmes? I mean, I'm just starting to think about suspense novels, but, but there's this sort of Raymond Chandler Oh yes.


And Dashell Hammett. Yes. Archetype of the cynical, kind of down at the heels. Oh yes. Tough guy, Right? Yeah. The anti-hero. Anti the anti-hero. Hero, yeah. The person who is Yes. Tough Lee Child says he was writing richer as the American James Bond. That's what he was trying to go for. And one thing I would say about the, the, Yeah, I've read some of those, Those Americans, You know, Chandler for example, is that, well, Although he's British, but Oh, interesting. Yeah. No, wrote about LA No, he moved to LA Yeah. It's funny. I I completely forgot the, he that's, Yeah, so interest, but in a way it makes sense. He, I mean, Marlowe is like a man without a past or a provenance. I mean, he's a really, so they're very kind of alienated detectives.


But the interesting thing about all of those books to me is the stories really don't make sense. These are, these are books about the detective and the atmosphere. A hundred percent. I mean, Which are things that interestingly Christie uses, her detectives are really interesting, very little atmosphere in her books. Very little physical description of environments. You Know, William Faulkner, I think wrote this screenplay for the Big Sleep. Yeah, no, He still doesn't know what it's about. Somebody knows what it's WhatsApp Movie. Somebody said to him, what's it about? And he said, damn def define though, try The Maltese Falcon. Yeah. Forget It. Fantastic. But you don't know. And, but it is a, it is a little bit of approval. You said, if you can reread it, it's a virtue. And in a weird way, if you love it so much and you don't really yet even fully understand why someone did, is proof of its brilliance that it, that it's created some kind of art artistic aesthetic.


Yeah, that's true. It's so fun to hear you guys talk about the work of others because I've read all of your work and to imagine you guys perusing the bookstore shelves and picking one off and taking it home and reading it like everyone else, You know, that's, it's fun to imagine we are so in the spirit of that, We are fans first. Absolutely. Exactly. You have to be, I mean the one common thread of everyone who's come on this show, all the great authors, is they're all huge readers. Everything else, it's a million different ways to do it. Yeah. You know, outline, don't outline all those kinds of things, but everyone's a huge reader. So I'm gonna top up the champagne and then give you a while. I'm doing that. You have a moment to think. Everyone's gonna pick two books, so you have six to choose from there.


David, you have six to choose from here, Jay, to take home. Ah, if you, if I'm oh for nine, so I could take anything. I'll go, I'll go last. Jenny, you go first. Okay. And we'll go down the line in that way as, as I top us up. Okay. Interesting. Well, should We, yeah, This is, I don't know, I are we, I don't know if this is even part of the conversation, but isn't the North Water kind of a who done it also? Am I misremembering that? Well, I mean there's a sexual predator. Yeah, there's a sexual predator. Basically. It's a psycho path. Horrific, horrific, horrific. The beginning actually I had to power through. It's a little brutal. Yeah. The beginning is quite brutal. But I thought it, I thought it was, I remember it as kind of a, who done it Well it has an element of intrigue and suspense.


I mean, it is a thriller, there is no question. It is completely suspense. 'cause you don't know what is gonna happen, what is gonna happen to the ship, and then the final collision and everybody's kind of up to something. Yeah. Everybody's got a dark path. Everybody's kind of up to, so I Think I always, I thought a lot about, well, I don't know if this is really part of this conversation, but just for the hell of it, I thought a lot about see the, the sort of genre of sea stories and the way that it kind of mirrors the noir. Because in both cases you have an existential threat that surrounds a little enclave of kind of human warmth. And we're always wondering sort of which one is gonna prevail. So it's, it's interesting when a book combines the two.


Yes. That's what's sort of interesting about like a, a sort of crime thriller set on a ship in a way. It's a combination of two genres. Yeah. Well, and and, and also, You know, you think of the Christie almost like the lock room. Well the ship is like a lock room in a way, right? Yes. I mean, so you have isolated environment. There's kind of no way out who is, who's gonna do what. And then of course there's that situation in, in, in, in, in the sea stories, You know, it ultimately just completely tests and explodes their human nature. You know what, what will it reveal about each of them? Yeah. Have, You know, down two, you still Have to pick. Okay, I'm gonna pick two.


Well, so I've read a number of these, right? I'm gonna pick, well, I'm gonna, I'm gonna definitely pick the, the Roosevelt, the Candace, Millard. Okay. Roosevelt, Amazon. That sounds great. I'm gonna Take, do, do a hand off here or do I just Yeah, Maybe we'll get, we, we'll do this after the show. Maybe we can get this, well we might have a, the recommend of to sign to the Picker. And so you can, you can sign someone else's book and, and then Jenny can take it home. Definitely Gonna pick Berlin game Len Dayton, because I love Eric Am. Alright, Can we rip it in half? Geez. Alright, we're gonna fight afterwards that there could be a, a murder mystery in here. I want the Yep.


It's, it's two, right? Those are my two. Two, yeah. All right. Those are my two. Alright. Right. All right, Jay, you're up. I'm going to do the Chester Himes and Louise Petty. This was a very unfair order. I know. Wanted to Chester High. Why two were just taken from me. Alright, well, And you'll be getting an Amazon package this week, or maybe an independent bookstore package. Oh, well, You know, yeah, Exactly, actually. But, all right. But I'm very happy I wanna read the Robert Stone because I have not read that one. That's a good one. And I, I love Robert Stone and I haven't read him in years, so I'm looking forward to that. And I wanna reread, and I don't have anymore, I wanna re reread Salter.


I want to hear you read those sentences. I wanna hear those sentences again. Here We go. Alright. Alright. Well I think I will take Agatha Christie 'cause I haven't read this one. And then, You know, I had my eye on that Candace Malar one. But again, going last is Advantage. Yeah. Really Not as much fun. So I think I'll take, Did you say we were gonna take Agather? Christie Dan's note, No BS. Yeah. I'll take, sounds interesting to me. No BS. It's really fun. It really is. Yeah. And I've Got to know Kathy Lee a little bit. So this, this does Frank Gifford, is he discussed in here at like, Oh God, yeah. At some Point. Okay. That'll be interesting. Yeah, Some, I mean, this guy's obsessed.


Yeah, I, I didn't take the Agatha Christie because I think my wife is the only person who's read all of them and probably has them all at home. My mother. I'll see what She thinks about it. Well this was terrific. Any last thoughts on Father's Day before we sign off? Happy Father's Day. I hope my kids remember this year. Yeah. Kids, I'd love a book. Well, cheers. Thanks so much. Happy Father's Day. Cheers. Thank you. Thank you. Cheers. Great to see you all. Cheers. Thanks for having us. Cheers. Thank you. If you have been enjoying the audio of Dedicated, now we have more for you. We are now videoing our episodes of dedicated. So go to YouTube, Facebook, Instagram, Snapchat, rumble, and the SiriusXM app.


And you can see a video of our episodes of dedicated with our awesome guests. Thank you.


When a university is built on merit, problem solving, and real world results, America leads. When it pioneers breakthroughs in national defense and supports American innovation, America wins. And when that same university ensures world class education is within reach for all families America prospers. This is MITA partner in Building a Stronger America. Learn more@understanding.mit.edu.