
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Thursday, March 27th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. He said he found 87 registered Democrats, zero Republicans. Is that accurate? We do not track the numbers or the voter registration. Heads of publicly funded outlets, NPR and PBS call to Capitol Hill to answer for their left wing political bias. Well, I don't know about downplaying the press, uplay it. I think it's all a witch hunt, that's all. I think it's a witch hunt. The Atlantic Magazine's signal messaging story dominates Leftwing Media for the third day with reaction falling mostly along tardy lines. And Democrat congresswoman from Texas, Jasmine Crockett under fire for mocking Texas Governor Greg Abbott's disability, all that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


So many people these days are focusing on getting healthy and speaking of health, let me tell you about Jacob. And Kristen, the founders of We Heart Nutrition. They're raising five kids while running a company that's helping hardworking Americans live the American dream. We Heart Nutrition makes high quality research backed supplements for women and men at every stage of life helping you stay strong, energized, and hitting your wellness goals. But this is not just another supplement company. They are proudly pro-life. Donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers supporting moms and babies in need, they have over 1005 star reviews from real people seeing real results. Go to We Heart Nutrition dot com and take their quick 22nd quiz to get your personalized supplement subscription recommendation delivered right to your door each month, and right now they're giving you 20% off your first order with the code Megan, invest in your health and go to We Heart Nutrition dot com. Use the code Megan to get 20% off. That's We Heart Nutrition dot com code. Megan


Heads of NPR and PBS testifying in front of the house Oversight and government reform subcommittee on Wednesday, both outlets receiving a mix of direct and indirect funding from the federal government. NPR reporting. 8% of its 2022 budget coming from the publicly funded corporation for public broadcasting. Another 6% from federal, state, and local governments. PBS says 14% of its operating budget comes from the feds. Republicans have long criticized both outlets for what they say is intense media bias against the right GOP lawmakers. Frustrations targeted mostly at NPR in the hearing last year, 25 year NPR veteran URI Berliner confirming the left wing NPR bias in a free press essay titled, I've been at NPR for 25 years.


Here's how we lost America's Trust. Mr. Berlin are writing quote today, those who listen to NPR or read its coverage online, find the distilled worldview of a very small segment of the US population. Republican congressman from Ohio, Jim Jordan questioning N-P-R-C-E-O. Katherine Maher on some of Mr. Berlin's claims In the DC area, editorial positions at NPR. He said he found 87 registered Democrats, zero Republicans. Is that accurate? We do not track the numbers or the voter registration, But I find that Was was a award-winning journalist who worked 25 years at NPR, Mr. Berliner. Was he lying when he wrote that?


I am not presuming such. I just don't have, we don't track that information about our journalist. One wonders why Ms. Mar if she finds this possibility so concerning. Never bothered to check it out. A month after Mr. Berlin's essay, NPR implemented an additional editorial review process involving a final check by six editors, none of whom appears to be right-leaning. Ms. Ma herself has a long history of expressing controversial opinions. Most written knowledge today has been written by white colonial European North American men. And so one of the things that we're really focused on is how do we think about correcting the record.


The number one challenge here that we we see in is of course the First Amendment in the United States In 2016. Ms. Ma tweeting, quote, airline business class demographics are such a pet peeve of mine in the lounge and on the plane. Usually more than 80% male, usually white after Joe Biden's win in November, 2020. Ms. Ma tweeting, I can't stop crying with relief. Many similar examples remain on her ex feeded and were the subject of some questioning on Wednesday. Do you believe that America believes in black plunder and white democracy? I don't believe that, sir. You know, you tweeted that In reference to a book you were reading at at the time, apparently the case for reparations.


I don't think I've ever read that book, sir. You tweeted about it. You said you took a day off to fully read the case for rep reparations. You put that on Twitter in January of 2020. I apologies. I don't recall that I did. Do you think that white people should pay reparations? I I have never said that, sir. Yes, you did. You said it in January of 2020, you tweeted. Yes. The north. Yes. All of us. Yes. America. Yes. Our original collective sin and unpaid debt. Yes. Reparations? Yes. On this day. Okay. Why did you Call President Trump a fascist and a deranged racist sociopath in 2020? Oh, Congressman, I appreciate the opportunity to address this. I regret those tweets. I would not tweet them again today.


Republican lawmakers also calling out uneven NPR coverage of investigations into the Trump and Biden presidencies. And in 2020, unfortunately, NPRs managing editor for news refused to cover the story and he branded it a quote, waste of time. How many times did y'all interview Adam Schiff about the Russia collusion? I'm sorry. Sorry, I don't have that number. It was 25 times. You know how many times NPR interviewed chairman of this committee? Oversight committee, Jamie Comer about the Biden impeachment inquiry. I for the Hunter Biden tax evasion and EIT business dealings of the Biden family. I'm sorry, sorry. I don't know. I believe that's zero. So it's 25 to zero. The Hunter Biden laptop story, which was later verified as completely true suppressed by the media in the weeks leading up to the 2020 election, NPR did not acknowledge the laptop's authenticity until 17 months later.


Democrats on the committee mocking and condemning the hearing Is Elmo now or has he ever been a member of the Communist Party of the United States? A yes or no? No. Madam Chair, if shame was still a thing, this hearing would be shameful. My Republican colleagues don't wanna talk about the corporate waste, fraud and abuse because those corporations fund the Republicans campaigns. So instead they wanna shut down educational programming for kids. Side note, Sesame Street was sold to HBO back in 2015. Chairman of the committee, Marjorie Taylor Green, concluding the hearing saying she will refer NPR and PBS to the Doge team for funding cuts.


President Trump expressing support for the idea on Tuesday. Would You be interested in defunding and taking away taxpayer dollars to MPR and PBS? Well, I would love to do that. I think it's very unfair. It's been very biased, the whole group kind of money that's being wasted and it's a very biased view. You know that better than anybody and I'd be honored to see it. End Reaction to The Atlantic Magazine's big bombshell that its editor in chief, Jeffrey Goldberg was copied on alleged war plans by top intel and defense officials falling mostly along party lines.


The Atlantic, releasing the details of what it initially referred to as quote war plans now slightly softened to say quote, attack plans. The newly revealed messages show Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth texting the group on the signal app, a timeline of the administration's planned attack on the Houthis Rebels Press Secretary Caroline Levitt fielding multiple questions in a tense White House briefing. We Have said all along that no classified material was sent on this messaging thread. What is it about what Pete Hegseth wrote that makes you say this is not classified? Well, it's not just me saying that, Peter. It's the Secretary of Defense himself. Why aren't launch times on a mission strike classified again?


I would defer you to the Secretary of Defense's statement, President Trump dismissing concerns about the security lapse. It's something that is not a big deal other than you want to find out who did it and how they did it because You know don't want to happen. You know, in the future you can't have that happen. Well, I Don't know about downplaying the press outplays it. I think it's all a witch hunt, that's all. I think it's a witch hunt. Secretary of State, Marco Rubio, who was in the group chat weighing in on the controversy from a tour of the Caribbean appearing to distance himself from the matter If someone made a big mistake and added a journalist. Just speaking for my role, I I contributed to it twice. I identified my point of contact, which is my chief of staff, and then later on, I think three hours after the White House's official announcements had been made, I congratulated the members of the team, A left wing federal watchdog group called American Oversight, now suing the Trump administration saying their use of signal is a violation of the Federal Records Act.


The case randomly assigned to us District Judge James Boberg, the same judge who issued a nationwide injunction against the Trump administration on its invocation of the Alien Enemies Act to deport suspected Venezuelan gang members. The signal controversy dominating the questions in a Wednesday House Intelligence Committee, hearing Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard and CIA director John Ratcliffe defending their participation in the chat. What Was shared today reflects the fact that I was not directly involved with that part of the signal chat. Those messages were revealed today and revealed that I did not transmit classified information.


Democrats on the committee repeatedly admonishing the Intel officials. Y'all the idea that this information, if it was presented to our committee, would not be classified, y'all know, is a lie. That's ridiculous. This is classified information. This is classified information. Secretary Hegseth who undoubtedly transmitted classified sensitive operational information via this chain must re resign immediately. Democrat Congressman from California, Jimmy Gomez, questioning Secretary Heg Seth's sobriety. To your knowledge, do You know whether Pete Hegseth had been drinking before he leak classified information? You know, no, I'm gonna answer that.


I I think that's an offensive line of questioning. The answer is no. This Was a question that's on the top of minds of every American. He stood in front of a podium and Europe holding a drink, so of course we wanna know if his performance is compromised. The Congressman referencing a quickly debunked claim from a left wing media troll. After a February NATO press conference, a still image at the time showed Secretary Hegseth appearing to sip a brown liquid from a glass in a room full of people, which sparked speculation by one troll of alcohol consumption. However, video of the incident revealing the glass was actually filled with clear water.


Its color simply distorted in one still shot by the appearance of he's hand behind it. Congressman Gomez trying to smear the defense secretary as crafting military actions while drunk with zero evidence coming up. Democrat congresswoman from Texas, Jasmine Crockett under fire for calling wheelchair bound Texas Governor Greg Abbott, governor Hot Wheels.


There's a lot of talk about government debt, but after four years of inflation, another real crisis is personal debt. Some people are working harder than ever and still drowning in credit card debt and overdue bills. But there's Done with Debt now. Done with Debt, has unique escape strategies to help end your debt fast so you can keep more of your hard earned money. Done with Debt does not try to sell you a loan or bankruptcy. Their tough negotiators will go one-on-one with your credit card and loan companies with one goal to drastically reduce your bills, eliminate interest and erase penalties. Most clients wind up with more money in their pocket, month one, and they don't stop until they break you free from debt permanently. Take a few minutes and visit Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their debt strategists for free, but listen up. Some of their solutions are time sensitive, so you gotta move quickly. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Democrat congresswoman from Texas, Jasmine Crockett under fire for making particularly nasty comments about Texas Governor Greg Abbott and his disability, Congresswoman Crockett over the weekend speaking at a human rights campaign event. You know, the human rights campaign that fights for equality for all, especially for quote, the most marginalized. Y'all Know we got Governor Hot Wheels down there. Come on now. And, and the only thing hot about him is that he's a hot ass mess. Honey, The audience laughed. In 1984, an oak tree fell on the then 26-year-old Mr. Abbott paralyzing him from the waist down.


It was seemingly all leading disability advocacy groups could do to begrudgingly express mild criticism of Ms. Crockett's remarks. Josie Biza director at the United Spinal Association saying, quote, representative Crockett has a history of protecting the programs and rights of people with disabilities, and that's wonderful. At the same time, the stigma is real. Disability rights advocate, Emily Lidow telling political quote, right now we're in really tenuous times where you don't wanna make a foe out of someone who is otherwise a friend like Crockett. Clearly is, But we cannot hold one side to account and not the other.


Congresswoman Crockett on Tuesday in damage control mode posting to x quote, I wasn't thinking about the governor's condition. I was thinking about the planes, trains, and automobiles he used to transfer migrants into communities led by black mayors deliberately stoking tension and fear among the most vulnerable. Fox News is Jackie Henrich asking the congresswoman on Wednesday if she would like to apologize. I put out a statement regard You didn't apologize A statement. Why would I apologize when I put out a statement? The Washington Free Beacon reporting, Ms. Crockett previously liked multiple social media posts referring to Abbott as Hot Wheels before the Governor's migrant busing initiative even began.


Governor Abbott responding to Ms. Crockett's statements on Hannity Is, is another day in another disaster by the Democrats. The the reality is they have no vision, no policy, they have nothing to sell but hate and Americans are not buying it. It's one reason why Texas is going to remain red. Miss Crockett going viral several times in recent weeks for using aggressive language to discuss political opponents. Earlier this week she told the Dallas Morning news, Democrats need to punch harder to win elections. I I think that you punch, I think you punch. I think you're okay with you. You okay with punching? Hey, it's Ted Cruz. I mean, like, this dude has to be knocked over the head like hard, right?


Like there is no niceties with him. Ms. Crockett, a vocal supporter of the Tesla Takedown group last week saying in a live stream On March 29th. It's my birthday and all I want to see happen on my birthday is for Elon to be taken down. There have been dozens of attacks against Tesla facilities across the nation in recent weeks involving Molotov cocktails and other acts of vandalism On Monday, three incendiary devices discovered at a Tesla dealership in Austin, Texas. There is no evidence linking Crockett's remarks to recent attacks. There is however evidence of Ms. Crockett dramatically changing her manner of speaking from just a few years ago to now take a listen to her in 2022.


You know, no one could have told me that when I went down to Austin. Now looks like a little bit over a year ago that I would be running for Congress. That's not what my plan was. But what I've always decided is that I would step up when there was a need And more recently. I just wanna run it back though, to the very beginning. So let me tell you something. Y'all don't know what white privilege looks like, but I'm a, I'm a show you a little bit of something because we in these hot ass Texas streets, honey, that you wanna shut down everybody. That is not Fox News is bullshit. We need to stop playing. Hmm. Well that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly.


Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at noon east on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.


Under Biden American's, cost of Living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive to frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.