
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises, or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim. However you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sports book. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the O's. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey Everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show and Happy Friday. Oh so much. To get to the horrifying Diddy story is heating up and implicating many major celebrities in various ways. We're starting to get more and more details and one of those people who was super cozy with the music Moul, who was Oprah Winfrey, who hosted the most nauseating campaign town hall for Vice President Kamala Harris last night that I've ever seen.


It was filled with totally unrelatable Hollywood celebrities doing their best to act like Kamala Harris is the second coming. It's just some of the most ridiculous Kamala Harris ramblings of the entire campaign cycle took place last night. We're gonna get into all of it here with me in studio for the full show Maureen Callahan, columnist four, the Daily Mail. We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises, or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up.


No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank. Maureen, welcome back. Thanks For having me. Oh my God. Thank God you're here today to talk about the Oprah thing. Thank God I get to vent to one of the only people who I feel will completely understand my rage and frustration. Yes. Rage. That's how I felt too. Can I say this? I used to love Oprah like most of us who grew up when we did, and only now did I realize I've been getting spoonfed propaganda from this woman for years.


I always took her little setup packages as gospel. You know, before I was a reporter, I never even thought to question whether Oprah might be intentionally misleading me. Then last night, the the dawn came and I was like, oh my God, she is not a reporter. She's a propagandist. She's trying to shove messaging down my throat of whatever she believes, not what's real. So you remember she did that like kind of factual interview after the quote documentary of Michael Jackson? Yes. That was so dishonest. Yes. She did not raise any of those accusers serious compromising facts when she had them right there. Maybe they're telling the truth, maybe they're not. But as a journalist, you have to at least ask, you know, you've got multiple lawsuits against his estate, sir, might that be an incentive to lie?


Didn't ask. You've got these accusations against him. You had a book that you were supposed to produce about Michael Jackson in the context of litigation where you were required to turn this stuff over and you lied saying that you didn't have it and you only got found out because Random House and these other publishers admitted you shopped it to them and turned over the metadata to Michael Jackson's estate. She, this guy, my point is simply this one accuser was very compromised and she had him right after the documentary. It aired on HBO right after. Didn't ask a question. Then she gets Meghan Markle. That was another propaganda fest where she didn't even try to pretend to be a journalist. And then we get the debacle last night.


Yes. So great point about the Michael Jackson thing because Oprah is a survivor of childhood sexual abuse. Right. You would think anyone, especially a journalist coming from that background would view him with a bit more of a jaundiced eye rather than be in the business of image rehabilitation for this guy. No, but she wasn't. Now my my point is coming from the other way. She had the accusers there and the accusers may or may not have had this experience with Michael Jackson. Oh, you're Talking about the HBO doc? Yes. Yes, yes, yes. But She failed to bring up prior inconsistencies in their stories that really did compromise their stories.


I don't know what happened, Michael. I Understand what you're saying. Okay. So I'm just saying as a journalist, which she purports to be, right, it was a complete fail. Right? And then she committed the same failure with Meghan Markle. Yes. Where she didn't press any of her claims of racism in the royal family, and now we have the ultimate culmination of her journalistic fails, right? Where she has the potential next president of the United States. And not only does she not ask her hard questions, the whole thing was an attempted rehab and repackaging of her. That town hall I thought was so suspicious because I thought, okay, if anybody's going to elicit some specifics out of Kamala, it'll be Oprah, right?


Oprah's gonna do her velvet glove treatment as Kamala loves to answer questions with a preamble that can sort of lead her on these roads to nowhere. Middle Class family. Middle Class family. As you know, I prosecuted transnational criminal organizations, her three favorite words in the English language. She Did it again. She did it again. But Oprah patted this 90 minute special with all of these like people who were speaking as Kamala surrogates before Kamala enters, and then Kamala begins with her bullshit. There was nothing of substance and you saw it when Oprah was like trying to get this answer out of her about immigration, and she's going on about the transnationals and blah, blah, blah, blah, blah.


And she finally finishes and Oprah says, right, but what would you do? You're gonna sign a bill right when when it hits your desk, you'll sign. Oh. Oh yes. Oh yes. That was the one thing we got out of that incredibly thin gruel, Which we already heard. We already heard her say that of the debate. It wasn't even news that they made. Here is that moment, What would be specific steps to strengthening the border. So it's a wonderful and important question. I, you know, my background was as a prosecutor and I was also the elected attorney general for two terms of a border state, John Wayne. So this is not a theoretical issue for me.


Sadly, where we are now can be traced most recently back to the fact that when the United States Congress, members of the Congress, including some of the most conservative Republicans, came up with a border security bill and Donald Trump called up those folks and said, don't put that bill on the floor for a vote. My work and my career has always been about saying, let's fix problems. Let's address the needs. 'cause we know it's within our capacity to do that. So to answer Justin's question, now that that bill has gone and hasn't passed, will you reintroduce that?


Absolutely. And when I am elected president of the United States, I will make sure that Bill gets to my desk and I will sign it into law. We already knew that Oprah, she said that at the debate, Oprah is no longer in the business of staying up on the news. I bet she didn't even watch the damn debate. She's reading undoubtedly from Blue cards her staff gave her. That's how the Oprah Winfrey show was shot. Oprah didn't have to think of her own questions. I know I've spoken with her executive producers over the years, all of them. And that's, there was no ad-libbing. It was all Im prompter or on a blue card for Oprah. She doesn't know. She's not making big news with this revelation. She said she'll sign the same shitty.


So-called Border Bill that they rejected last time. 'cause it would let 5,000 legals over the border a day. Yeah, yeah. Also, I thought while watching that Oprah and her producers were in constant communication with Kamala and her team. They were given every talking point they were going to. This is the best she can do, by the way, when they give her the talking points in advance when they say, we're gonna have a girl stand up, that poor girl who talks about her childhood sexual abuse and what does Kamala do? Oprah, I don't know if you've heard this story, but you know, when I was in high school, my best friend was being sexually abused by her stepfather. And I said, we've heard this story. We've heard it so many times and it makes me crazy because she is using this poor woman's sexual abuse as a valorization of herself.


So true. It's so disgusting. And then to watch the likes of Julia Roberts up there on her zoom, oh, oh, Madam Vice president. Oh, and by the way, hi Oprah. And Oprah's like, hi Oprah, don't I get more? And she's like, well, we just saw each other. You know, this whole idea that it's this clubby elite group of celebrities who are dating to speak with the great unwashed about the future of this country. Meryl Streep, to your intro, who called Harvey God, right At like the Oscars or the Globes or whatever right. Is up there going, pretending to go President Harris.


Oops. Oops. It was such acting. It was unusually bad for Meryl Streep. We have that moment. Let's watch it. Hello President Harris now. Yeah. 47 days. 47 days. Yes. From my mouth to God's ear and Hello Oprah. I wanted to ask you, God, I can't believe I have this opportunity. I probably never will again if I have a little Debbie downer moment, because actually I think you're gonna win.


I'm sure you're gonna win. I think. But what happens when you win? Yeah. And he doesn't accept it. I wonder if we're ready for January 7th, eight ninth and what happens? What happens? Oh My God. Maureen. Reaction. Reaction. What happens? What happens? Will you save us? Well, you know, Kamala's answer was substantive as usual. It's like, okay, let's take a step back for a candidate who loves to posit herself as that of the future.


She's always loving, taking a step back to educate the rest of us as to how we got here. As if we're not living it in real time. Yeah. In ways none of these elitist are, She doesn't know the answer. So it's just stall tactic, stall Tactic. The fact that all these filler words Yes. And the, and the, the repetition, our dreams and hopes and aspirations, our thoughts are, is like she just does a string of consciousness on every word she can come up with to substitute for the first word, just to stall actual substance. Did you happen to see John Mcw on Bill Maher defending her with this garbage verbiage, which John McCort, it's a Betrayal. I know I love him as well, but he actually said her words don't actually mean the words that she's spouting.


I couldn't believe this came out of his mouth. The words are mere symbols of what she's trying to express. And when she tri se speaks in triplicate as she does to people who are like, I can't afford to buy a home. Well, young people with their goals, their dreams, their ambitions. Yeah. Like all this stuff that's meant to make her sound smart, But, it just makes her sound full of hot air. Yes. There's nothing coming out. There's no substance puppy. I've said this before there, there was a personality on Fox News, who shall go nameless for the purposes of this discussion? Who used to do this? And I used to watch her and Marvel because this is how she would answer certain questions. You know, what do you think about the Democrats doing X?


I think it's inappropriate. It's wrong. It's deeply problematic and it must be stopped. And we are just the ones to stop it. We are not gonna tolerate this for one more minute, not one more day, not another month. It's outrageous what they've done. And it must come to an end. Yeah. Every answer sounded like that. You've said nothing. You've said it forcefully, but you've said absolutely nothing. And I used to marvel at like the word salad that was offered up by this person and accepted by others as somehow legit analysis. And that is who Kamala Harris reminds me of. Just filler to cover an absence of actual knowledge. Yeah. And her answer to Meryl, who's cowering in her multimillion dollar estate as to what happens after the election that she's so sure Kamala's gonna win.


I whatever was that. Well, we just can't tolerate it. We can't tolerate it. What does that even mean? And she speaks, I I, I know you've touched on this, but the other thing that bothers me about her immensely is her voice. I find it so grading to listen to. So do I. It's nasal, it's glottal. She's vocal fry adjacent. Is she not? Is she not a prosecutor of transnational organizations or is she not? Why does she speak like a 13-year-old girl? She's so tremulous. Okay, So I've gotta add one thing to that. So here's the other thing. This is a visual for the people listening. Go to youtube.com/ m Kelly. You can see it. We're at 12:13 PM that's where you confide it.


13 minutes into the show, her schoolgirl, affectations and body movements like, okay, ready here. It's like, okay. She raises herself off her chair. Like, I'm just really excited. I'm, I'm really excited about this. Okay. You're So right. Okay. You're like, oh, I'm gonna tell you something. I'm gonna tell you something you haven't heard yet. Yeah. It's, I'm gonna blow your mind. Like Ha ha. Right. Like that's right. Right, Right, right, right, right. Can't Do the Cackling. And by the way, the only time she laughed last night, 'cause you're so right about her team, like controlling this cackling was when she talked about the idea that she might shoot a home invader. Yeah. With her handgun.


We have that. And she laughed. We have that one watch when, When you said you have guns No, at the debate, at the debate, I'm a gun owner, Tim. A I did not know that. And I thought race in my house, they're getting shot. Sorry. Yes. Yes. I I, I I hear that. I hear that. Probably should not have said that, but I, my staff will deal with that later. Yeah. She's not funny. Like the pretend laughing is so like Oprah Oprah's pretending to laugh. And by the way, can I just say, I'll let you finish your point of the gun, but the Oprah effect is done. It's so over her fake leg. I did not know that.


Right. Like she, she's leaning into this like homegirl leg. What I learned something and her yelling, she yelled at us all night. Oprah was yelling, I'll show it to you in a second. You take up the matter of the gun. I know, I know. Well, the gun thing is like, you know, they're talking about school, school shootings and gun violence in America and all this stuff. And Kamala in her great generalities, it must stop, blah blah, blah. Assault weapons, ban, all the talking points. She could not bring herself as also this is one of her favorite lines that which unites us is stronger than that which divides us Then what has been Bang my head into the nearest brick wall. The next time I hear it, she could not bring herself to acknowledge that Donald Trump has been the target of two assassination attempts within nine weeks.


Talk about gun violence. Yeah. And talk about the pressing need for real honest conversation. She can't do it. No. She can't bring herself to have that generosity of spirit, that sort of uniting thing she wants to bring to all of us. And to your point about Oprah, I was thinking about this because I was looking at those pictures coming out of Diddy's parties historically, and the Oprahs and all of these people who pretend that they're not all part of this sort of cabal of people who know exactly what's going on Yeah. At any given moment. And you're gonna sit there two days after he was arrested on these incredibly serious charges. Yeah. The abuse, the ritual, chronic historical abuse of women.


And you're just gonna sit there like none of that has happened. Right. And we're just gonna talk about, I'm Oprah, I'm anointing this one. Let's do this America, let's have a confab, let's have the biggest zoom meeting ever. That's what she called it. You know, those thousand screens. Yeah. It was ridiculous. All such bullshit. You know, and it's just like the hypocrisy is even Tracy Ellis Ross said something like that when she was sort of dismissive of Oprah. She said, well you and I just saw each other. And that's the rub. They all know each other. Yeah. They all party together. They all see each other. It's like they're in this bubble and they're the power brokers and we just deal with the fallout. Yeah. When we're morons who deal with it.


When was the last time Oprah actually spent time hanging out with a working class person in America? She's on her manto estate with one of the most beautiful mansions known to man. And that is why she did not follow up with Kamala Harris in response to that stupid gun question with, well you're on camera saying that you favor mandatory gun buybacks. So how would that work? Because people are worried about losing their guns when you say that. And you'll have yours because you'll in this scenario, be the president of the United States. You'll have secret service protecting your life. Whose gun are you going to mandate be returned, who won't have that kind of protection under a Harris administration?


You can craft that question in a number of ways. But, it must be crafted if you're an honest broker. She's not. Here's the thing, the Oprah enthusiasm worked when it was Genucel when she first hit the scene in like the 1980s. And she was fresh out of Chicago. She was in Chicago for the launch of her national talk show. She was something electric and interesting and authentic. You know, I miss Fat Oprah. She was just Genucel. Now this thin Ozempic Oprah has lost along with the pounds, her heart, her sense of authenticity. And what we're getting these days is this cleansed elite billionaire version who wants to scrub the record of facts. So it used to work for her to go out there and say like, be Oprah win show Tom Cruise.


Right? And you'd be like, ah, Tom Cruise. Because television was different. Oh, a hundred percent. It was just different. You could take that kind of behavior in your living room and it wasn't quite as jarring. I had such a different experience of her last night, the yelling that her quintessential her breath. I was like, what is she doing? This feels affected, forced. And it's making me uncomfortable. We pulled together just a few examples, thanks For joining us for this very special event, unite for America Hope and Joy Rising. And there's been, can you feel it?


You can feel it. You can feel it. You can feel it. We can. It Chefs for Kamala. Love that group. Republicans for Harris. Love that group even more. We've got Swifties. Where are you Swifties here. Chris Rock is in the house. Chris, where are you? Chris Rock is in the house. Jennifer Lopez. Where are you Jennifer? Yay. Yay. Julia, Robert. She's out making another wrong choice. Julia Roberts. And this Marl Streep is in the house.


Please welcome Ka lahara. I can't Do you, do you see my point? It's enough about how it feels off. Given the way we talk to one another, do news with one another, break stories with one another. In 2024 America, we do it via podcast. We do it sometimes on cable news. Broadcast news is dead. But we do it in more intimate settings where we have long form discussions and we give people time to talk. And the days of Oh, Broadway free Are over.


Oh Yeah. 100%. Oprah to your earlier question, which I loved. Like when do you think the last time Oprah spent time with like anyone working her middle class? I would say when she was down in Maui, panhandling among the victims of those wildfires, for them to give money instead of Oprah just cutting a Check. Yeah, just Cut a check. I also lost faith in her. I lost faith in her back when she was promulgating the Secret. Do you remember? Yes. I forgot about That. Like that Australian woman who was like, If, you just wish it hard enough. Yeah. It'll come to you. Well, Marian Williamson backed that I think. I Think so too. Another presidential candidate. Yes. So when she did her ozempic special and that was a hit and she did a second one and she blamed America for her being fat.


She blamed us. Oh my God. I couldn't believe it. We Forced her to eat. We are to blame our, we. The people who have watched you and made you inordinately wealthy are to blame for your issues with food that you could not get under control with the best in nutritionists and trainers and chefs and stop it. Right. And then did you see the AI special she did with Bill Gates? No. God, I Didn't watch it either. I saw the promo, but I thought here she is scrubbing the rep of a problematic billionaire who's got his own sexual Yep. Problematic Issues in the workplace. His wife quickly divorced him when his ties to Epstein came out. Yep. What Is Oprah doing?


Bathing this guy in the national spotlight. So we can just love our nerdy book Loving Bill Gates again. Well, so Here's another thing. As you pointed out at the top of the show, she built her name on, she's for victims. You know, she's Yes. She's for women. She's for kids. Okay. What is the Harris Waltz campaign gonna do to America's kids? They're going to allow them to chop off body parts when they are minors and can't smoke and can't drink and can't get a driver's license. They're going to, as they did in Tim Waltz's home state of Minnesota. We just did a deep dive. I recommended to all the audience that hit this morning on this, they're going to allow kids to be removed from their parents' custody and brought to Minnesota for sex change operations without parental consent when they are minors, when they're little.


Because Tim Wal thinks that not to affirm them with his so-called gender affirming care is abuse. Where's Oprah's question about that? I didn't see any care shown for what's about to happen to these children in her running mate's home state. Nevermind what's gonna be done in a God forbid of Harris Walls administration. Not a question for them. You're so right about that. Not a question about what is happening to girls and women in sports or in schools. Or in prisons. Or in shelters. Right. Not a single question because Oprah has long ago divested herself of the common man and woman.


She really has. She's in this post network kind of like, I don't know exactly what her brand is anymore. I truly believe she thinks she's a king maker. Yeah. Or a queen maker. I think she feels the heady rush of this is like Obama in oh eight. You know, I'm gonna come out and I'm gonna like put my back behind this and I'm gonna get America to vote for my chosen candidate when we all know what a disaster this woman is. She cannot talk extemporaneously about anything. And she's been in the job for three and a half years. Anything, anything. We have some examples of that which we should get to.


Okay. This is the one making the rounds on the internet and it's, it's great. It's one of the many making the rounds on the internet and it's great. Let's take a look at, so one, We love our country. I love our country. I know we all do. That's why everybody's here right now. We love our country. We, we take pride in the privilege of being American. Oh God. We are an optimistic people. Americans by character are people who have dreams and ambitions and aspirations. We believe in what is possible. We believe in what can be.


And we believe in fighting for that. That's how, that's how we came into being because the people before us understood that one of the greatest expressions for the love of our country, one of the greatest expressions of patriotism is to fight for the ideals of who we are. Oh my God. What does that mean? Mean what does that mean? Absolutely nothing was said. Nothing. I, this is, I I used to always say on your show, especially Meghan Markle is our greatest performance artist. Yeah. This might be her replacement. Yeah. This feels like parody, like satire, like camp, like there's like we're all being punked.


Yes. Like at some point they're going to say like, this is just a joke. This. Right. This must be a Joke. Right, right. Wait, where's the big reveal that of course we're not actually running this person for president. And you know what's crazy too, especially this past weekend in reading the op-eds in like the Times and even the journal people on her side are giving her these scripts how to answer these questions. You were against your for mass immigration, now you're against it. Explain that Pivot. You were against fracking, now you're for it. Explain that pivot. They're writing these things for her in their columns. And I don't know whether it's her team or her own ego that will not allow her to study something like that.


She did for the debate and use it. She did for the debate, but she won't hear well, she won't actually get substantive. And she didn't do that in the debate, but she had her memorized answers. And lemme tell you something else. Oprah Winfrey's not a journalist. She started off as a journalist way back in the day in the early eighties. But she hasn't been in a long time. And when you're not a journalist, you can give the person all of the questions in advance. You can run over the q and a and how it's going to go with their per person in advance. It's not very ethical, it's not, it's not smart and it's dishonest with your audience. But there's not like a generally accepted journalistic principle of never doing that. That would apply to you. And I know this to be the case because I've said this before, but I've gone on the view before.


They give you all the questions in advance. They give you the, the blue note card with their questions pre-written on it for you to study. I'm like, I, I think I'm good. I I'll be able to ad-lib my answers, whatever they ask me. They did it on the view, the executive producer of Tamron Hall once tried to get me to go on that show said explicitly, we'll give you all the questions in advance. You'll have them written down. I'm like, I'm, I'm not going on Tamron Hall and I don't need your written questions. But this is done all the time. And no one had any doubt watching her interview Meghan Markle, that they had rehearsed that Wait, what? What? They wanted to know how dark the baby would be. Right? Yes. And Meghan Markle would be wounded Acknowledgement. That's what we saw last night.


It was two actresses. Oh, we have that. Oh, let's watch it In those months when I was pregnant all around the same time. So we have in tandem the conversation of he won't be given security. It's not gonna be given a title. And also concerns and conversations about how dark his skin might be when he's born. What And Who, who is having that conversation with you.


What? So There is a conversation. Hold, hold up. There's several, There's several conversations About it now there's a conversation with you With Harry About how dark your baby is going to be Potentially and what that would mean or look like. Ooh. And you're not gonna tell me who had the conversation. I think that would be very damaging to them. And she didn't ask, will you at least rule out Prince Philip who is literally dying right now in the hospital?


But would you do him the courtesy of saying it's not him? Right. Right. No, no, no. Or the queen. No. Would you rule her out? No. Wouldn't, no. I'd love to leave it dangling out there and smear the entire royal family. That's my thing. A hundred Percent. She Did it again. It was two actresses last night. Same as it was with Meghan Markle. And it's such a disservice to the American people because you know, remember when there was this sort of drumbeat after Oprah gave this speech at the Globes like Oprah for president? Oh yes. Yeah. Right. And she, it's, she's such, to use your phrase, a dishonest broker. Because if you're gonna put something like that out there with your star power, you owe it to the American people to say, this is a chat that we've sort of prearranged.


And we've talked a little bit before. You could just say it like we've talked a bit before about what we're going to hit tonight. But don't make it seem like you are an interlocutor that is just completely unassailable. Yeah. And your job is to be the means by which we all get to know Kamala Harris and what you do And real facts. Like you're Mike Wallace. Yeah. What a joke. Yeah. So she, the only real questions that came Kamala's way, and again, this would all be pre-screened. I guarantee you, I, this is my opinion, but that Kamala knew about all these questions in advance. For sure. Oprah had reviewed all these questions in advance. That's not unusual when you have a town hall was the anchor. You, you, the team has to pick representatives to ask questions and you wanna make sure they're not all on one subject.


That's fine. But the, listen to how Kamala Harris did in trying to actually answer real questions about real issues like the economy in Stop five, We really would love to know what your plan is to help lower the cost of Living. Yeah. I first of all, thank you both for being here and yours is a, a story I hear around the country as I travel. And in terms of both rightly, having the right to have aspirations and dreams and ambitions for your family and working hard and finding that the American dream is for this generation and so many recently far more elusive than it's been.


And we need to deal with that. And there are a number of ways. One is bringing down the cost of everyday necessities, including groceries. She did it again, I was waiting for Oprah to say, are you going to fix prices at grocery stores? Meaning like actually have a federal mandate that every economist on the planet has said would be a disaster, but no. Right. But that you signed onto. Yeah. Like at least, at least that would be a substantive answer. No. How about that? No aspirations and dreams, Goals. Those, I mean, if those people were honest, both the ones who asked her the immigration question that that guy who asked her that and these two who asked her this question about the economy, you know, they're going home thinking, eh, What I love too about that couple that they picked, they had purchased a home their underwater on their mortgage.


Their sister, one of the sisters and the brother-in-law moved in. And so Kamala is talking up, first time home buyers get 20 5K, which again, we don't know how that's gonna be financed, but they don't qualify then they already bought a house. How does that help them? That's right. Here's the other thing. They paraded back out the young woman who spoke at the DNC who said she was the victim of incest at the hands of her stepfather. And that under Trump's, so-called abortion ban, which is not a thing, right? She wouldn't be able to have an abortion because he doesn't favor exceptions for rape or incest. When Trump is explicitly on the record over and over and over again saying he does favor those exceptions.


So the the lie was, again, pedaled upon these voters without any clarification from Oprah who was complicit in the lies. And then back to Kamala, she had, lemme set it up this way. JD Vance, in response to one of her many word solid answers earlier in this campaign, tweeted out the infamous video of that young beauty pageant contestant who was like, I really think in the Iraq that like they don't have maps there or whatever. She said, it was just this long rambling, embarrassing answer. And listen to Kamala Harris last night and saw two, You know, p as vice president I have, I've met over 150 world leaders, presidents, prime ministers, chancellors and kings.


And the thing about representing the United States of the America is when we walk in those rooms around the world, why we have historically and traditionally been able to walk in those rooms, chin up, shoulders back with the self-appointed and earned authority to talk about the importance of democracies. People around the world are watching right now. Because you see, the thing about walking into a room and being a role model is people watch what you do to see if it lines up with what you say. Okay. It mean, wait, I just, it is, I'm sorry. Miss Teen USA contestant But. it is.


It is you. So three, here it is again. Okay. Recent polls have shown a fifth of Americans can't locate the US on a world map. Why do you think this is? I personally believe that US Americans are unable to do so because some people out there in our nation don't have maps. And I believe that our ed education like such as in South Africa and the Iraq everywhere, like such as, and I believe that they should, our education over here in the US should help the US or should help South Africa and should help the Iraq and the Asian countries.


So we will be able to build up our future for our thank you very much South Carolina For our children. That's God bless Her, that's Kamala Harris. God bless her. She doesn't want people to use that clip anymore. I'm sorry my dear. It's in the public there. It's out there forever. And so that's Kamala Harris. The United, the United States of the America. When, when we walk into the room, people wanna have their chins up. They wanna, they wanna have pride that the America, that we Do what we say we're going to do, such as our withdrawal from Afghanistan. Right. That is probably the biggest black eye foreign policy-wise we've had since Vietnam that has left the Taliban in so much power that women are now not allowed to speak in public.


Yeah. Women cannot speak, they cannot be heard singing or reading aloud from inside the four walls of their own homes. Did We get to that? I don't, I don't think had had time. Maybe Because We had a guy with a man bun. Yeah. Representing white folks. White dudes, right? White dudes, Sorry White dudes for Kamala That that's how she began. She was like, we've got all the grips together, the white dudes for Kamala the cat, ladies for Kamala. The meanwhile it's like, okay, at Trump's rallies, all those people come together, the white dudes, the white ladies, the Republicans, the Democrats who are voting they and they don't need labels ac acknowledging their skin color or their lady parts.


And guess what? That's how the rest of America works too. Only the Democrats are constantly trying to divide us into subsections. Based on our genitalia or our skin color over which we have no control. It's so weird. She like, this penchant for write is so bizarre. I do wanna show Julia Roberts moment, here's Julia. And I want people to say Jeffrey Downer glasses on. Oh oh you're American smart and not, oh how's it going over there? You know? Yes. That, so I wanna get back to that space. Exactly. Thank you Julia. What circles do they travel in?


It's amazing that they think the answer to their perception that America is being laughed at is to elect this idiot. Yeah. Right. That's gonna solve the problem. Four years of this right of of nonsense. You know, four years of I. I also as with the A, b, C debate, the big question I think many of us have vis-a-vis Kamala is about Joe Biden, what did you know and when did you know it? And explain this to us and who's running the country right now. Why is it good question that when there's a school shooting in Georgia, they don't ask Biden what he thinks. They ask you if They can get you off of your earbuds as you're dashing past the Press Corps and running up the steps of Air Force two.


Right. Speaking of the A BC debate, there's a little news on that front today we've been following whether there is anything to this report that there may be an A, B, C whistleblower who we've seen an alleged affidavit. This is not, you know, we haven't been verified. This has not yet been verified as legit, but a Twitter account but that goes under the name of black insurrectionist, has been posting the documents. And in this alleged affidavit, this insider, A B, C who says he, he or she has worked there for 10 years in tech and administrative departments claims that there was an agreement in advance by A, B, C and the Kamala Harris campaign not to cover certain subjects including Joe Biden's mental acuity.


Now A BC has denied it in a very generic weird statement saying we followed the rules of the debate, which didn't allow us to give questions in advance that doesn't answer whether they agreed certain topics would be off limits like mental acuity or Kamala's brother-in-law, Tony West, who had a bit of a scandal over at the DOJ and continues em to be embroiled. And the third topic was Kamala Harris'. Time is ag so it's a non-Denial. Denial. And now we have a senator from, I think it's the great state of Kansas on the record, saying he is going to, is it subpoena documents? Yes. Subpoena documents from A, B, C.


Do we have that sound you guys? Stan? It's not sound. Okay. It's just him saying it. Oh yeah, yeah. Here we go. Senator Roger Marshall demanding the A, B, C turnover. Any communications e exchanged with Kamala Harris's campaign prior to the debate A, B, C news did not immediately respond to this request or comment on the letter. But here's what's interesting. If in fact there is any sort of a congressional hearing into this, then we'll get oral testimony, which is also evidence. I mean I gotta admit if A B, C did this and you know, we don't know what the truth is, right? Right. But if they, they couldn't possibly be stupid enough to put it in writing.


However, if there's any sort of a hearing, if there really is an alleged whistleblower said person could be subpoenaed, is apparently wanting to testify if this person even exists wanting to testify and tell their story. And then we might be able to hear this on the record and this person claims that they have tapes of these conversations. I wanna say again, this could all be a hoax, this could be somebody trying to punk us all, just get us talking about this in fairness to A, B, C. But since nobody will cover the story at all, even after ABC's weird denial, I feel the need to continue reminding people this is out there and it has not been resolved. No. And there were weirdly specific allegations in that document, such as the request from Kamala team that her podium be smaller, stuff like that.


Like that goes to stagecraft. And it was, and it was. And there's, you would think if this were complete bullshit, there would be a total denial from Kaist camp. Yeah. The last thing she would want people to think, given that this is criticism number one of her is that she had been spoonfed questions or told, don't worry, we're gonna keep our gloves on. You're not gonna be asked about the things that are most difficult for you to answer. And you would also think, I mean, I don't know, you would know more than I about how it works in network news, but a moderator would also wanna be completely like, no, no, no, no. I'm a journalist. I would never Yes, But they won't, they wouldn't let the moderators speak out.


I guarantee you. I mean, when I was at N BBC and I had my dust up with Alex Jones where he was coming for me and we, we were doing this piece on him, I was like, let me just go out there and talk about, it wasn't actually about him being upset with me, it was about the audience being upset that I was even interviewing him. And I said, let me go out and speak to this. I, I'm happy to go out there and say, what do I mean? Diane Sawyer interviewed Charles Manson. Mike Wallace interviewed the head of the KKK in his hood. Like controversial people get interviewed by journalists. It happens all the time. And they would not let me speak to it. They were hardcore like no. So there's no doubt in my mind, even if these two moderators wanted to say something, a, b, C would not allow it.


All we've gotten so far is Dana Walden who is the chairperson, like second in command or up at the top of Disney coming out. And she was asked this question I think at the Emmy's and here's what happened with her. Gotta joke about Kamala Harris. Obviously the far right has come after you saying you're friends with her. So the debate was biased. What do you say to her? You know, I really don't want to dignify it with much of a response. I have the highest regard for everyone at a b, C news. It's the most professional organization, the most top-notch journalists. And it doesn't really dignify much of a response, Is it?


I think it does dignify a response. Yeah. We're talking about an incredibly consequential presidential election. Absolutely. Dignifies a response. And again, correct me if I'm naive in this, but If, you are that powerful and you are extremely close friends with this candidate. You introduced her to her husband. Would you not say publicly I'm recusing myself from anything having to do with this debate. Yep. I am out of it. Like, don't brief me, don't, I don't want to know anything. Yep. Right? Yes, exactly. Why not just say that? And why wouldn't a BC news be more specific in its denial? I, as Phil Houston always says by the lie, CIA guy, the truth is your friend, when you are a truth teller, you run to it.


You you love details. You, you would love to say, let me just be clearer. No questions were given. No sample questions were given. No communications with her team about anything substantive around questions was ever discussed. We never agreed that any single subject would be off limits. Nor were we asked for such a thing or we were asked for such a thing and we refused. Every conversation that we had with the teams was done with both teams present whatever. Like it would be a very simple thing to do. Just to get on the record, the integrity of your news organization because this story is being spread and highlighted by some very prominent Americans from Bill Ackman who's demanding an SEC in investigation Securities and Exchange Commission. 'cause this is a publicly traded company to Ted Cruz and Elon Musk and beyond.


And not to mention President Trump who went on Gutfeld the other night and actually said the following, Look, the media is extremely dishonest, extremely corrupt. Actually, look at the debate I walked off, I said, that's the debate, you know, they said I'm the goat in debates 'cause I had a lot of debates and I became president and the goat means greatest of all times. He's a goat. And I walked off that stage and I thought I had the best debate and I was very unfairly treated by the anchor. I'm not fans of those guys anymore. And his hair was better five years ago than he would. Okay. That's, that happens. That happens with the clock. You mean who among us That happens with the clock. But you know, they came at me on everything like crime.


Yes. They attacked the word, the bloodbath that was referring to the auto window. So you know, all these things. Yeah. Charlottesville was totally debunked by everybody, all of them. And they didn't correct her once and they corrected me everything I said practically. And I had Eric Trump on the show the other day after his father was almost shot to death for the second time somebody took a, was about to take a shot. And he said too, we need to look into this, I mean this allegation, but from this alleged whistleblower, like we deserve to have a real answer. Yeah, I heard that interview. It was great. And yes, I could not agree more. What is the issue? This is, this is the thing. She's only given six interviews. What are we 48 days out now and there that's, yeah.


So where's the clamoring for an interview that feels somewhat, I don't mean adversarial for the sake of adversarial, but I really do mean sitting down with an outlet that isn't an M-S-N-B-C or an Oprah or run by your best friend that's going to put questions to you that are substantive. And let's see, If, you can answer them. The media loved nothing more. When Sarah Palin was running for vp, they loved nothing more. Saturday Night Live is about to premiere. Very soon are we gonna see this kind of skewering, you know, Tina Faye became a superstar off of her palin.


Yeah. Impression. But we're not gonna get that with Kamala. Not, they'll hurt her in ways that don't really hurt her. Exactly. They'll have a joke at her expense that that never really lays a glove on her. I I, I mean, what about a press conference? Let's just see, give us one hour standing. Charlie Kirk tweet did this the other day in front of a diverse press score for with all different outlets and answer multiple questions from multiple different outlets. And then you'll at least get some adversarial questions in there, which are important. Skepticism in news is important. It's the way the system works, especially when it comes to politicians. She'll never do it. And these polls are razor thin, the margin between these two.


So it is very possible that without ever having to answer a tough question, she could ride right into the White House. And we have no idea who she really is. I know it's incredible. I can only hope that, that if that is the campaign they are planning to continue to run Kamala from the metaphorical basement, that it will be the thing that is ultimately her undoing. I can only hope because we are being asked to just, you know, when you were talking about earlier, the way that the Dems and, and the Oprah special loves to put people into these subgroups, you know that like the subtext of all of that is the thing that they're not saying out loud, which is, well you gotta vote for her 'cause she's a woman of color.


You gotta vote for her. That's it. That's what we're doing here. Right? That's the subtext of the joy, the uplift, the, You know, Oprah Oprah, you know, and it's, that's not it. That's not it. Not in a, not in a country where our borders are completely insecure. All of it, you know, we've been talking about it. They're Gonna be in trouble. I'll tell you 'cause the latest poll showed that Taylor Swift, who endorsed Kamala, her approval rating is lower than that of Donald Trump. So be careful what you wish for on these big celebrity endorsements more with Maureen straight ahead.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up no matter your business size or industry you deserve a banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Maureen Dish just came in. The president, president Biden, that is, he's still in office. FYI. He just held his first cabinet meeting in, I dunno how many months. And the question is or did he, he showed up and promptly tossed control to Jill Biden Watch this. We're grateful that Jill is here today. Heard that clapping. It wasn't for me when we came in. And here across previous administration, the first lady's habitat at these meetings. And for specific reasons, this is the first time Jill has joined us. And it goes to show how important the issue is, which she's about to speak to the both of us today.


At the top of our meeting, Jill's going to give an update on the House Initiative, white House Initiative to fundamentally change the approach and fund and how we approach and fund women's health services. So I'd like to turn it over to Jill and for any comments she has and it's all yours kid. Thank you. You know, sometimes the White House surprises you. Yeah, they certainly do. Like with this move, he starts off by saying, oh, it's not unusual for first ladies to attend cabinet meetings. Yes it is. Well, I don't remember seeing that. I'm sure it's happened in history, but this is not a common occurrence.


And you could hear, he could barely get out the words he couldn't say White House. It reminds me of when Bill Clinton let Chelsea sit in on like major Mideast meetings with major power brokers and it was kind of like, just looked at as like, oh, he's a dotting dad. This is freaking weird. Yeah. The White House will surprise you, like when they organize a coup because you refuse to leave because you've clearly been covering up your husband's dementia and she's just, it looks like she's going full on Lady Mc Biden. Yeah. Yes. Yes. I think it was. We just heard that she's gonna be leading some delegation down to Mexico for the inauguration of the president down there.


And that's weird too. The first lady supposed to cut ribbons and like go be with cute children and call attention to good charitable causes. She's acting like a fake president, like a, like a stand-in for him. I've always thought if she really cared about him more than the power, she would've convinced him long ago. It was time to exit stage left. He was ruining his legacy for the good of the country. All of that. And she hasn't done it and she won't do it. No. And you know, this was something I really wanted to mention to you in particular, the way the DNC did him so dirty, you know, the way it was all covered, like they couldn't give him just a night.


I really took that as like, this is how much he is loathed within the party. I took it as like they couldn't give him that because they didn't want to because they felt he had just taken advantage of his time. He was in the office, he was lying to people, he was power grabbing. It was all of that stuff. His relationship with Obama is very fractured despite what they would have us believe. I don't think he's Liked. No, I don't think so either. I mean, I'm sure you make a lot of enemies to become president in general. But. it does seem like, look, his own party took him down. Nancy Pelosi, my dear friend. I hope we're still friends. Oh sure. All right.


You know, we all watched the movie Psycho. You stuck that knife in him over and over and over again. No, you're not. You don't have a friend in Joe Biden anymore. And we understand why. Okay, now speaking of the ruination of one's legacy, let's talk about P Diddy. Sean Combs, my God, he is in a whole ton of trouble. And it goes well beyond even what's in the indictment, which includes charges for racketeering, conspiracy, sex trafficking, and transportation to engage in prostitution under racketeering conspiracy. They allow, they allege multiple acts of kidnapping, arson, bribery, forced labor, prostitution, illegal sex activities, possession with intent to distribute narcotics and controlled substances including cocaine and oxycodone.


Al Raz Zola, I don't know what that is, but I'm sure it goes on and so on. And now we're seeing other people come out and other facts come forward, including the publication on Amazon of what purports to be. This is another story where we're putting an asterisk on it for the audience purports to be a book with the words of his dead ex-partner who is said to have died from pneumonia. But this woman If, you believe Kim's lost words. That's what it's titled. This woman, when she knew she was dying, said quote, he got me, which would suggest she thought she was dying at his hand in some way.


This is a, an explosive 60 page cobbled together Amazon book by a man who says he's received her journals and memos from a friend of hers that she reportedly sent her final thoughts, which documented the relationship to some extent, to multiple friends in the hopes that it would be maintained and be out there if anything should happen to her or if she should pass. And at least one of them came to him. And then he was also offered the sex tapes that this woman said she had in her possession. Now I am connected with somebody involved in this case, and I did ask that person, do you believe there are sex tapes in the possession of the authorities?


And this person said, absolutely do not know what exactly they show though at this point, but that there's no doubt this, that the feds have sex tapes of p diddies. So that's what we'll kick it off. What do you make of Kim's lost words and this indictment in general? I mean, I've read really salient portions of the book that names, names. It all tracks. It feels to me very much like Nicole Brown Simpson towards the end of her life where she put all of this evidence in a, in a bank. And she said to her friends, if anything happens to me, open that security box. It's all in there. And that's what happened. And, when you look back at P Diddy, I think he's going away forever.


I don't think he'll see daylight again. I agree with you. He has an a very long history of criminality dating back to 1991, a city college event that he promoted. It was a stampede. Nine people died, the youngest was 15. He walked scot free. He viciously beat a record exec named Steve Stout in the mid nineties. Got off with oh, got away with it, made a record executive, another one, crawl on all fours with a gun to his head. And then of course there was the infamous nightclub shooting in 99 with J-Lo and that's covered in Kim's book.


And I remember when that happened and everybody covering that story knew he was guilty. Everyone knew and they knew there was a rapper named Shine, who was his So-called Protege. He was gonna make Shine, talk the fall. Take the fall. And it's still talked about in hip hop circles, on hip hop albums. To this day, Shine did take the fall, Shine took the fall, did the time got out. I think he's in South America now, 10 years. That was the sentence. Yeah. And the victim who got shot in the face has been saying ever since it wasn't Shine, it was P Diddy I saw who shot me. And yet no, he got, if that's in fact what he did, he totally got away with it. This other guy took the fall.


This would be a proven history of not just violence, but you know, attempted murder and, and possibly worse. I mean, the indictment itself goes on about his alleged arson against someone who believed was flirting or sleeping with his later girlfriend after Kim Cassie, that this was Kim cu, Kim Cu Kid Cudi. Kid Cudi, thank you. I'm not too up to speed on my wrappers Kid Cudi that he dropped a Molotov cocktail in his car and blew it up. I mean, that is extremely dangerous stuff. And we had a prosecutor on the show that we, a special that we released the other day saying just the guns and the drugs alone.


If they can just prove that, forget all the sex stuff, he'll be in jail for life. Good for him. It's exactly where he belongs. You know, I've been reading this stuff. Did you happen to see, oh my God, the Post had this amazing piece last night from a drug dealer who had delivered to one of Puffy's parties in the Hamptons. Oh Boy. And the dealer walked in and he, he said, puffy waved me to a back room. And I'm seeing all these male rappers like having sex with each other and it's like an orgy. And the dealer goes, I lost complete respect for Puffy in that moment. And I thought, well, when you've lost the drug dealers of the world, I think you've lost America. I Mean, we do need to spend a minute on the gay thing because it appears pretty clear Puffy is gay or I don't really think bi is real.


I just think you're either one or the other. And you kind of interesting, you may have have a little journey over to the other side, but you've got a predominant preference is what I'm trying to say. Yeah. And his appears to be for men A hundred percent. Which undermines like this tough guy image that he's constantly projecting. And I have to say, like there's quite a bit of testimonial about what he's been doing to these So-called male sex workers and men coming up in the music industry. And that is a disturbing piece of this Kim's book where she alleges that there were a couple of young, very well known rising pop stars that she has him on tape either having sex with or abusing, depending on the age.


I don't, I can't tell exactly how old these guys are that if that's true, it's going to be huge news. It's going to be huge. It's, it's concerning I think for the, if those names come out for those people. To your point about Puffy largely being gay, I think it's salient because I think it explains the extreme misogyny, the beatings of the women. Cassie especially, we've all seen that videotape. Yes. The mutilating of them, the threatening of them. He hates women. And you often, I think people sometimes make the mistake when talking about separating the art from the artist.


It's all over his work. The violence, the misogyny, the threats. He named his company Bad Boy. You know, it's all over it. Those, there's one artist who worked with Puffy Diddy, whatever as a young man. Usher went on Howard Stern several years ago. I think this, Remember that We have this, yes, we have this sound bite. Let's watch it. This is Usher on Howard Stern. Oh, it was a while ago ago. Yeah. Saw 23. I Lived with Sean Puffy Combs for a year. That's the crazy thing. Now that was La Reed's idea, right? We're sending you York City over to something called Puffy Flavor Camp.


There you go. You were 13. What were You seeing? I went there to see the lifestyle. Right. And and I saw it and it was, and it was, but I don't know if I could indulge and understand what I was even looking at. It was, it was pretty wild. It was crazy. So nobody tried to, you know, some woman didn't come Along. I didn't say that. Okay. I, I'm say that, but you didn't, what I did say is that there were very curious things taking place and I didn't necessarily understand it. Would you ever send your kid to puffy camp? Hell no. Okay. You were saying Usher on Howard Stern, there's That. I mean, he's basically saying what we are all reading now. There's a famous clip of Puffy that's resurfaced with a very young Justin Bieber saying, I've got custody of Justin for 48 hours.


And what we're going to do, we cannot divulge. I mean, these guys tell you who they are. They may do it with like a wink and a nod, but they're telling you this is a bad, dangerous guy. And I knew he wasn't gonna get bail because it goes beyond, is he a flight risk? Will he turn over his passport? This guy was going to intimidate, beat or worse any potential victim who's thinking of coming forward. Yeah. Yeah. That's what the assistant US attorney was saying. You cannot trust him. He will tamper with all the witnesses. He will threaten them, he will intimidate them. And this is becoming more and more his reputation that he threatens people to keep them quiet.


The allegation is just now, I'm just now coming to understand with Cassie. She's the Cassie Ventura. She's, she became his girlfriend for a number of years and she is the one who filed the lawsuit last November. And within one day he settled it and that opened the floodgates for all sorts of lawsuits accusing him of things. And it's actually kind of interesting 'cause one of them is pretty salacious. And it was filed by, I think Rodney Jones who worked for, for Diddy. And the complaints were very salacious alleging this crazy stuff. And the judge actually chastised the plaintiff, the male plaintiff saying, and and his lawyer saying, you just keep putting all this salacious stuff in there to try to get attention from the media.


And I remember thinking, well that's a bad sign, you know, for the plaintiffs here. Like, should I be skeptical of these allegations? Because the judge is like, you're just trying to get media attention. Now that I read the indictment, I think that judge owes this lawyer an apology. But it, it they were salacious because that's exactly what the witnesses who are there are saying happened. I mean it's absolutely, I medieval the stuff that they were doing in there according to multiple witnesses, Maureen. Yeah, No, it's Caligula level stuff. Yeah. I mean now that you're saying that even in thinking back about, we're talking about criminality that we know of, say beginning in 91, I'm sure it predates even that, it makes me wonder how many people he has paid off over the years.


Yes. In law enforcement on the bench. I have to say this thing going to trial, I would not want to be in that jury pool. I would be terrified to be in that jury pool. I'm sure there are people, witnesses right now are feeling that. I Think so. I think part of the reason he's in the solitary housing unit at MDC, the shoe is so that he can't get to people on the outside to have people threatened or worse. This is, I didn't finish my point 'cause I lost my train of thought, but Cassie is the one who is shown on the tape getting beaten. I will show it. You know, I'm not big on tri trigger warnings, but this one actually does deserve it. She gets beaten badly in the hallway. And I'll show it in one second. But I, I just learned that this was allegedly her trying to escape from one of these, so-called freak offs that are alleged in great detail in the indictment where they say that these happened many, many times that he would hire sex workers from the outside reading here, from the indictment that he wielded the power and he and his associates wielded his power and used it to intimidate, threaten, and lure female victims into combs orbit.


Often under the pretense of a romantic relationship. Then Combs would use force threats of force and coer coercion to cause the victims to engage in extended sex acts with male commercial sex workers referred to as freak offs. Freak offs were elaborate and produced sex performances that combs arranged, directed, masturbated during and often electronically recorded. Another law enforcement official said he would also sometimes be in the next room. He could get videotape of people having sex at these freak offs or anywhere in his house under cameras at any point in the day. And they would be recorded from multiple angles whether they knew it or not. Freak offs occurred regularly, sometimes lasted multiple days, and often involved multiple commercial sex workers.


And that combs distributed a variety of controlled substances to the victims, in part to keep them obedient and compliant. Sometimes unbeknownst to the victims, he kept videos filmed of victims engaging in sex acts with commercial sex work or workers after freak offs. He and the victims typically received IV fluids to recover from the physical exertion and the drug use. His associates would book the hotel rooms, stock them with the required supplies, including controlled substances, baby oil lubricant, extra linens, lighting, cleaning the hotel rooms after the freak offs to try to mitigate room damage. In one instance, the room damage was so bad he had to pay $47,000 to clean up the room. In March of 2024, when they conducted that raid on his home, law enforcement seized various freak off supplies, including narcotics and more than 1000 bottles of baby oil and lubricant.


They said during and separate from these freak offs, he would hit kick throw objects at and drag victims at times by their hair. These assaults all often resulted in injuries that took days or weeks to heal. He threatened victims' careers and livelihoods, including if they resisted participating in these freak offs. And then he used the sensitive, embarrassing, and incriminating recordings to ensure their obedience and silence. Sean Combs denies all of this, but they're alleging that when we saw Cassie Ventura get pulled in this video are about to watch, she, they were in the midst of a freak off. There was a break. Sean Combs had fallen asleep and she escaped and tried to get out of that hotel watch.


There's no sound, but she came down the hall. Now he runs after her with a towel only on, she's at the elevator door. He grabs her, throws her to the floor, kicks her in the face, grabs her bag, she's still down, kicks her again, grabs her by the hair and drags her outta there. She's starting to fight back now, trying to stop it like a rag doll. And what is alleged, I'm trying to remember Maureen, whether I heard this from one of the US attorneys or from her book, she went back, she got out of one of these, I don't know if it was this incident or another, she did get out of the hotel and she went back because that is what abused women do.


Yeah. They go back and she, she was both afraid of him and probably in some way addicted to him and the trappings of his lifestyle, but also without the wherewithal or internal strength to actually cut it off. And a guy who, you know, could take your life if he wanted to. I believe, you know, I remember reading some through Cassie's civil suit and there were parts of it that just, I couldn't believe such as, like they were at a party one night in LA he saw her talking to another music manager and in the car on the way back, he started stomping her in the face in the back of the car. She runs out of the car.


When they get to his residence, a bodyguard tries to intervene and Diddy says no. And the guy stands down, she goes in the house and she starts vomiting from this violent beating. There's a second incident in which he makes her get breast implants. She comes outta surgery. He doesn't like the way he, they look. That's right. He says to the doctor, I want you to take these out immediately and put in new ones. And the doctor says, we can't do that. She just was opened up. That would be catastrophic. It's dangerous. We can't do it. Somebody said, who was in the room that this doctor looked like he was gonna piss his pants saying no to Diddy and it got done. This is the kind of stuff, this is a kind of like institutionalized, you know, there's a reason the feds are treating this like a criminal organization.


That's what it is. That's why, that's what bad boy entertainment is. It's a criminal organization and everything he's done to women, you know, a columned about this a couple of days ago. Where are his celebrity peers saying, oh my God, this is detestable. We do not stand for this the way that women came forward after Harvey. Yeah. Where are they? Everybody's quiet. Why? Where's Ashton Kutcher? Where's honestly Usher? Where's Justin Bieber? Justin Bieber. I have no knowledge. They're not alleging his name in any of this, but Justin Bieber was very young when he came into Diddy Circle.


And that tape you referenced of the two of them, about to spend 45 8 hours together or having just was disturbing. And there's no question he had a lot of exposure to this guy and I think he should say something, but now, if he's a victim, if he's a victim, he's in a very difficult spot because he's been abused. Yeah. And this brings up a lot, especially for a man. Yeah, it's very hard to go out and say that this has happened to you. But I if, if he was a victim, God forbid I encourage him to do it, because you need someone strong like that to break the dam. You know? Right now, Cassie's out there, she's been twisting in the wind. I know for a year this other guy, Jones, he came forward, he's twisting.


But If, you actually had an Usher, a Bieber, or you know, someone like an Ashton Kutcher, who, I don't think he was an abuse victim, but he was good friends with Diddy for a long time, come out and say what they know. It would show leadership and it would give the others who are on this list permission and the security of not being the only one who then has to worry about retribution. I think Ashton kutcher's problematic because If, you recall he and his wife defended Danny Masterson, who is a violent serial rapist and was convicted of rape. I think he's a away for life. Mm. They wrote letters to the judge.


That's right. Saying they would let Danny watch their daughter alone. I mean, vile. I don't trust that guy at all with Usher and Bieber, hypothetically, we don't know anything. But were they victimized by Diddy at young ages? I feel for them, especially given the stigma against homosexuality still in the black community, in the hip hop community, I feel it's really incumbent upon people in positions of power. Only two have come forward. One is Eminem, who is recently wrapped on his new record that everyone knows Diddy kill Tupac and probably Biggie.


And when are they gonna arrest him? And 50 cent who has been making the rounds. Yeah. And saying, you know, Diddy tried to bring me into his circle. I wanted nothing to do with that. I wanted nothing to do with those parties. He's working on a Netflix stock right now, 50% exposing Diddy and everything he knows. So now we're really gonna see if the hip hop community can move with the times and do right by all of these victims. Yeah. We'll see who, Who appear to have been fed to him, like lambs to the slaughter, the book by his, were they married? She's the mother of three of his Children. Long partner, mother of, yeah.


They were never married. Long time partner alleges all these music executives whose names everybody would know their, their household names were in on it, were aware of it, participated in it. And so this really does look like it feels a little Epstein. You know, there was an assistant US attorney saying, yeah, he's as bad as Epstein in, in the New York Post today. And if that's true, then everybody's gonna wonder about what sort of protection he has in jail, because we would like to know who else participated in this and what's being done to make sure there is no Epstein like end for this guy.


100%. He's not in the same jail that Epstein was in. That's been closed for the time being. But I don't know Maureen, if he's that connected to that many powerful people, you have to at least wonder, That's the thing. They have to keep him alive. He's such a high value suspect. It's sort of the way there was this drumbeat after Epstein, when they got Ghislaine Maxwell to make sure she was kept alive. She never gave up any names, but she's paying for it. Diddy, I'm surp. I, you know, part of me thought he should just like, take a plea and just like, it's over.


It's done. But megalomaniacs like this, abusers control freaks. They don't, they never Do. They don't, they do not plea. They Never do. And his attorney used such a poor turn of phrase the other day, while blaming Cassie for all of this while blaming the victims. He said, Mr. Combs is a fighter. Oh boy. That's Mark Aglo. He also represented Keith Ranieri in the nex vm sex cult case. And Mark and Keith Ranier is currently in jail for the rest of his life. So it didn't go very well. Mark Aglo came out and said he's got issues. He's, he's, he, he cheated on his wife basically. So he's a cheater and was in a toxic relationship, but he's not a criminal.


And that reminded me of what he said in the Ranieri case, which was, oh, you know, oh, it's a cult member. Oh, they were forced to do things. Oh, come on. This is New York. We don't, we're not forced to do anything. We're New Yorkers. We're not forced to like this guy. With all due respect, I don't see that working out as a defense. I do wanna play the Bieber clip just because I've referenced it a couple times. And so did you, here's the one we're referring to back when Bieber was, I think 15 Justin, he's in, you ever seen the movie? 48 hours? Right now he's having 48 hours with Diddy, him and his boy. They're having the times of their lives like, like, like, you know, where we hanging out and what we doing, we, we can't really disclose, but it's definitely a 15 year old's dream.


You know, I I have been given custody of him, you know, he signed to Usher. I signed to Usher. I I had legal guardianship of Usher when, when, you know, he, he did his first album. I did Usher first album. I don't really, I don't have legal guardianship of him, but for the next 48 hours he's with me. So, and yeah. And, and we going to go full buck full crazy. I'm going crazy. That is deeply disturbing in the light of what we've just learned. It's so upsetting. It's, you know, the last time you and I spoke about child stars and the damage and how they all sort of act out or go off the rails and, you know, you just never know what was done to them, what was done to him.


His parents threw him to the wolves. Literally what, What mother would give her 15-year-old over to Sean Combs for a weekend? Who would do that no matter how badly your son and you want him to become a star? Did we learn nothing from Michael Jackson? Yeah, right. You know, in that documentary that HBO documentary came out, which I could only watch the first part of it because it was so dark and so upsetting because it was just all of these mothers feeding their young, young sons knowing what was going on most likely. And they didn't care. And the damage is lifelong.


And this is a betrayal on so many levels. But watching that, I was having the same thought. Like what mother's giving their 15-year-old boy over to a grown man for 48 hours to go w buck wild. Like what? I, I have a son who is turning 15 in a week. 15 is young. They're young. These are not men yet. They are still boys figuring it all out. Even If, you have a mature, really smart, awesome one like I do it. Never in no world would I hand him over to someone like that who at a minimum, you know, is a rap star in a very controversial industry full of debauchery.


Like that's insane what she did. And I feel, I don't know about Justin Bieber, I wanna make that clear, but I I actually really feel like we should hear from him. If he has the strength and has been through whatever needs to go through to be able to speak out about his own experience, it would be extremely important and powerful. There's more Diddy's Bodyguard is speaking out and how this guy's now all over Twitter naming names. We're gonna talk about that after I take a quick break. Don't, don't go away. I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today.


You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer.


Details apply. We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sunrises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank. There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right.


Not just the highs. Woo the os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I wanna get to the news that just broke before we resume this Diddy discussion. Yeah, it, it's happened The website, black Insurrectionist is now reporting that the A BC news alleged whistleblower has filed a complaint with the Securities and Exchange Commission about a BC news. So good. Wow. He reports that the SEC has acknowledged receipt of two complaints lodged at Disney. The owner of a BC News, the complaint states that a BC news and their parent company Disney colluded with the Harris campaign to influence the debate of 9 10 24.


And to influence these 2024 presidential election. The complaint shows documents reading here from Black Insurrectionists recitation of what's in the document. The complaint shows documents uploaded to the SEC complaint system that contain evidence of this collusion. Now that's interesting. I don't know what the documents would be, but of course the whistleblower is claiming he has tape recordings. Could be transcripts. Don't know. My next post will be the SEC complaint numbers. Acknowledgement of uploaded document receipts showing the SEC has in fact evidence of this collusion. I think they, I think he means received evidence of this collusion. I will definitely post today. Wanted to do it now, but waiting on written clearance to post this guy Black Insurrectionist says he's in touch with the whistleblower.


I do have the receipts and have seen everything described in the post for context. Abigail Disney AB Abigail Disney was one of the main driving forces for Joe Biden to be booted off the ticket and be replaced by Kamala Harris. Abigail Disney said, if Biden does not step down, the Democrats will lose of that. I am absolutely certain for further context, Disney is a stock that Nancy Pelosi many Democrats have in their portfolios and so on. So reporting that this whistleblower is not going quietly into the night. Maureen, this Is so exciting. This is, I think our October surprise and I can't wait to see, Or, or the October surprises that this is a big punk and none of it is real. Don't break my heart. Don't break my heart.


The the other thing I can't wait to see is how aggressively the New York Times at all begins to cover this story. Yeah. This mo talk about election interference. If One word of that purported affidavit is true, it's a door shutting moment for ABC News News. I mean, truly, you cannot survive with any legitimacy if that affidavit is true. If, if, if, and we'll see what the SEC does and what the US Senate does and what speaker Mike Johnson is going to say or not say about, oh, I sound like Kamala Harris say or not say, Do you have goals and ambitions about this? I Do. I have hopes, maybe dreams have hopes and dreams Because The whistleblower alleged whistleblower is saying when he sent his certified letter, that when he signed his affidavit the day before the debate alleging we would see a smaller podium and we would see certain split screens and we would not see questions about certain subjects, which indeed did not appear at the debate that he sent a certified copy of his letter to speaker Mike Johnson's office.


We continue to be in touch with them about whether they have said letter. I believe if they find it, they will be honest about it though they are not confirming or denying it right now. So awaiting news from the house awaiting possible hearing in the Senate and awaiting response from the SEC. Now to mention Kamala Harris. Hello. How is she not been forced to answer these allegations? She's one of the ones accused. And a, b, c news. You need to tighten your denial If. you didn't do this good. I would expect that you would not have done this. Give us a real denial. That sounds like a grownup. Wrote it. Who's innocent? Okay, speaking of not innocent Combs had a bodyguard who's a very colorful man.


I mean, his, the way he speaks, I'm not even gonna talk about the post he posted with a, an alleged phone recording of a sex act involving Diddy. Trust me, you don't wanna hear it, you can't unhear it. But here is one in which he's talking about, oh God, really, really? Kelly McGuire. Is that the one we should play? Alright, I, Let's listen tos 20. You gotta realize, man, you gotta, you he learned from Andre Harrell, he learned from Russell Simmons. He learned from Clyde Davis. You understand when those people are, are, are, are telling you that they were in heavy into the drugs.


They was heavy into beating women and doing things at that age, at, at that crazy stage that's gonna make him think that he could get away with the same thing. Same thing that they was getting away with back then. You understand the things that he was saying. You know, the touchy Philly between two men and all that stuff like that, man. All that. He learned that from them dudes. Mm. Okay. So that's one from The Bodyguard. He claims that he videotaped, or sorry, audiotaped a sex act between Diddy and a male. And that he held onto it because he wanted to get paid. He, he's very open about the fact that he wanted to get paid off.


And he complains in this video that nobody would believe him probably. 'cause he was asking to get paid. And he was saying, now you believe me, right? Yeah. Yeah. You believe me. Now, You know, it's interesting. He mentions Russell Simmons, who's been accused of rape by many women, including some prominent ones. Jenny Lunette, daughter of the famous film director, Sidney lut, I believe was one of them. And he skedaddled, he got out at the States. He's living in Bali now and he'll never come back. Oh My gosh. I didn't realize that. Yeah, I did not realize that. So here's another video of Diddy with Usher and Kevin Hart. Take a look. ATS 22.


That's my brother right here. From day one. We used to wake up and I mean, damn pause. But like, just out. I mean, I mean, back in the days when he was like 10 and I was a little bit older, his older brother, we used to fight over the, over the Frosted Flakes. You know what I'm saying? Before Pause was invented, you know what I'm saying? But it's my brother for real. We used to actually wrestle off of the, off of the Frosted Flakes because he used to always get up early with me. Now he's one the richest song in the world. And I'm Yo, what the fuck did Puff just say? Nobody's gonna unconscious for me. Puff just said, we used to wrestle over the Frosted Flakes and we're streaming live. That was stupid. Listen, that was fucking stupid. Listen, I don't know what just went on there, but there's obviously quite a history between Usher and Diddy and there and a direct line down to Bieber.


And that's just the tip of the iceberg, Maureen. You know, I mean that's, those are just, we're talking about some of the men in his orbit. Right? The women in his orbit seem to have been treated as subhuman. Yeah. According to the indictment. Yeah. So I, to me this is very reminiscent of Harvey Weinstein. Yes. Also Epstein. But really Harvey Weinstein, where it seems to have been an open secret, what he was doing and celebrity after celebrity covered it up, built him up, fed others into the machine, and now not a peep. Now no one is saying anything, even though doing so would lead the way for other victims to feel safe and, you know, more comfortable speaking out, they, there's just no moral courage in Hollywood.


No, none. And, you know, make no mistake, Diddy's tentacles run so deep and wide in the hip hop community. And it was the death of Biggie Smalls, which he has long been rumored to have something to do with his alleged best friend that elevated him into the hip hop stratosphere. It took him from behind the decks in the studio into a hip hop star of great magnitude. And I was thinking about, you know, Eric Adams, mayor of New York, who gave Diddy a key to the city last fall. Okay. Diddy Really last fall. Fall Was he him a key to the city last fall. Now, Eric Adams is failing in part because he is a nightclub obituary.


He spends more time at Zero Bond. Oh no. Than he does running the city of New York. You cannot tell me, Eric Adams had no idea what was going on in Diddy's world. And he had to finally take that key back after the Cassie video came out. Oh, the, the, the bodyguard also alleges that there were drugs in everyone's drink. That Diddy drugged everyone there and just kept it flowing. Whether it was Molly, I don't know what he was putting in people's drinks. But it does seem like it would've been really hard not to notice that everyone around you is high on something.


Like really high on something. Whether you're a member of, you know, the administration in New York City law enforcement or this Hollywood cabal, because we played this the other day. But you saw him with the invite list to his 50th birthday party, right? Yes. Oprah. Hello. Yes. Miss Champion for the downtrodden. Where are you out there trying to pave the way for another, you know, pair of potential groomers Tim Walls to get into high office and due to others what he did to kids in Minnesota. What did you guys say? You have it? Is that what you're saying? My team's in my ear. Yeah. Here it is. Watch. Are you ready? Drum roll.


Drake. Drake, Oprah. Oprah. JLo. JLo. A Rock, Jay Rock. Will Smith. Will Smith. Alicia King. Alicia King. King. Justin. Bieber. I appreciate him doing that. 'cause that's the list of the people we need to hear from 100% And. when you said Oprah, my mind went to Gail and my mind went to Gail's interview with r Kelly. Oh. Which got her that huge contract at CBS. Yes, that's right. She sat there 'cause she got all these points. 'cause she sat there and said, Robert, when he got Upset, exercised. Yeah, exactly.


He was so well connected. It went well beyond Oprah. And those names you just heard here is well just watch SOC 28. There you go. Appreciate y'all. Thank you. And, and I just wanna say how much I appreciate Puff Day for, for doing the kinds of work that he's doing because he doesn't have to do this. But this is part of what is important about giving back. Since We applaud you, I appreciate and and I wanna apologize for not sweating, but I, but I do this so much. I I'm so cool. I just want y'all to see everybody I'm interviewing and sweating. I'm not even touching my brow. I'm so cool. And I want apologize. I ain't trying to make you look bad or nothing like that, but I'm just so cool.


We, we, we We A T-shirt. I tell you, if he was wearing one of those fancy designer clothes, he is designer, he'd be sweating just like me. I, I mean, at some point you've gotta ask yourself, like Barack Obama's a very smart man. He, he must be like, I'm standing next to an idiot. What am I doing here? Why am I doing this? It wasn't just Obama, Kamala Harris. She thanked Diddy for hosting a town hall for Biden Harris back in 2020 saying thank you Diddy, for hosting this town hall last night. There's a lot at stake for our communities right now. It's critical. We bring to the forefront how coronavirus is Perpe perpetuating racial inequality and health disparities. Let's hear from her. Great. Let's have another tweet from these people.


We're not gonna get it. All right, let me, in the time we have left, just get to this. Okay, I've gotta get to this because you mentioned New York City and Stephen Crowder has managed to get on tape this epidemiologist who was in charge of the Covid response in New York City. You see this and this guy's name is Dr. Jay Varma. And he the, he's been releasing, Steven has part of his mug club club broadcast bits and pieces of this guy who they definitely pulled like a James O'Keefe on this guy. And he, it's absolutely infuriating talking about how he was out everywhere he is at underground sex and drug parties during the lockdowns when you weren't allowed to be gathering in big spaces.


But he really needed to blow off steam warming because it was a stressful job. And now the one they released today is him talking about, it's not a reveal we know, but to hear an administrative, administrative official say it is something else. Who's to blame for the school lockdowns in New York. Stop 30. I wanted get to school. The mayor wanted kids to school, but the teachers usually didn't, the teachers usually wanted all the teachers to be able to stay home at Zoom so they'd be safe, even though it means the kids get hurt. So the mayor was hurt. How was kids getting hurt? Because, no, no, because kids weren't, because he learn more when you're in, I, you're like an 8-year-old or 9-year-old, like can't sit in front of a zoom screen all day.


So So was that actually harmful for children? It was and, but we didn't have a choice because the mayor really wanted them in school, but the unions didn't. The labor unions. And so you had to like find this weird, this is where I get upset at him. Like he didn't tell me. Just so left people are all total union people, right? They're like, yeah, pro union, pro workers, but he has to fight with them, which just doesn't work because he needs them for like votes. These fing unions and the elected representatives who bent the knee to them knowing that they were going to hurt children, many of whom, I mean including my own, were stuck at home behind the screens not getting real learning.


They cut down the basketball hoops, they banned the kids from going to the parks. Screw that guy. And the mayor and everybody. And especially the unions who cared more about sitting at home watching their stories on tv. Yeah. Than they did about doing their jobs. Saying the quiet part out loud, the thing we all knew, aside from the educational deficits, the social deficits, there was a study that just came out that said children are having a harder time forming friendships now more than ever. That there is a loneliness epidemic among children and it belongs at the feet of people like that. Thirdly, I just like to say, why aren't I getting invited to all these sex parties? Everybody's having a sex party. Like what's happening?


Like that guy that he's blowing off steam during COVID, like what's more sanitary than like exchanging bodily fluids with strangers at the height of a pandemic? Like literally. Have you ever been invited to a sex party? Not to my knowledge, no. Me neither. Ne me neither. I, I feel like I, yeah, I, I feel like somebody's who might get invited Why I'm fun. What's wrong with us? I dunno. No, not a one. Although it's actually funny here in my town there was supposedly some like spin instructor who half of the women in the town were having affairs with and some sort of venereal disease. STD was going around to the PO to the point where like all the GYNs were asking all the patients like, well we need to test for this.


And people were like, why are you testing for this? How have I've been married for 20 years? They're like, no, we better test. You never know. It's like running rampant. Wow. Apparently stuff goes on Maureen, and we are living sheltered lives. I like, do we need to get out more? I blame my Catholic school education. I think that's gotta be what it is. I must admit a vibe. You know, it's like, I've said this before in my entire life and I used to go out a lot in my twenties. I've never been offered a like hard drug. No, no. Neither have I. And it's because they Can feel it. They can sense it off me. I don't hold it. I don't use it. I don't want it. Like there's a radar. I think I totally Agree with you. I have never, I, I wouldn't take it. And I'm always pretty open about Right. I've told every man I've ever dated right at the beginning.


I don't do drugs and I don't date people who do. Interesting. So they know right off the top. But yeah, you'd think at some point somebody would try to get you to do it. But maybe I didn't go to Catholic school, but I am Catholic. I'm glad we're emanating. I'm not gonna do drugs or join your sex party vibe. Yeah, No, you are definitely a more emotionally intact person than I was in my twenties. I'd love nothing more than a damaged man with maybe a substance abuse problem. I love to fixer upper now no more. But yeah, I mean, I would wonder, I would see friends of mine like go off and I would be like, why aren't I being asked to the bathroom? Right. I Look good. Yeah. But no, that's why. But they could tell. Yeah. Well, I mean there is something to this where ending the show, but there's definitely something to this that the predators as Yeah.


Sean Combs is alleged to be, they have a a great radar for women who have been hurt a lot, who have damage through no fault of their own. Yeah. In their upbringing. And they know exactly how to manipulate and take advantage of that damage. It's just a terrible cycle for these women. And it can happen to men too. Yeah, sure. And then they create more damage and then more comes. It's just a very bad loop. So it is kind of joyful to see this one being held to account. He denies everything. Like literally every allegation that we've raised about him on the today's show, he denies and he'll have his day in court. Maureen, it's wonderful to see you. Thank you for Same, Megan, thank you so much. That's Much better. So glad we had the Oprah conversation.


We're back Monday with Vivek Ramis Swami. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bes. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.