
We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down? Sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank, call, schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book, born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey. Everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. One week to go until election day. Can you believe it? People are getting tense. Can you feel it? I don't know. I'm not that tense. I have to say like I'm watching it and I have a result that I would prefer, but I don't like I am sleeping like a baby again at night. My team was right. It was just the amount of news that was on me. I like, I'm, I want a result, but I'm confident.


Well, I think my life will be okay if she wins, and I think the country is going to change dramatically. But there are, there are ways of limiting her agenda. And frankly, if she wins, we're prepared to walk you through all those ways. So try to take a deep breath, take a deep breath root for your preferred outcome. If you really, really want a certain outcome, get out there and work for it. It's not too late to volunteer to drive a bus around Pennsylvania or Georgia or in North Carolina. Any of these states where we need to get people to the polls. But just the, the, the downright panic and meltdowns I'm seeing on the left.


I gotta admit, they're kind of amusing to me. And I just, I'd hate to see conservatives behave like this, just like we've typically been the more reason side. And this is no time to lose that. If you want, if you tune into M-S-N-B-C these days, and you should just, I think you'll enjoy it. I mean, you can definitely tell they think she's losing. I don't know whether she is losing, but you can tell they think she's losing. They, they're, they're talking about how they're deeply concerned that Trump is going to throw them in prison. He's going to, I guess that's, he's gonna get the Navy Seal to your house. And if you look like Nicole Wallace, he'll grab you and he will place you in some sort of a gulag.


So this kind of rhetoric pushed every morning, by the way, by Mika Brezinski got her an invitation to go over to The. View. A BC was like, yes, we wanna hear that on our airwaves. So she goes over to The View and she, I guess, sensing her big moment with a different audience does to dial it up. She didn't think she was incendiary enough overall on the morning show on ms. So she produced what looked like fake tears and got super emotional about Donald Trump. 'cause she's really trying to scare the hell out of the American people as much as possible as she demonizes half the country. And the ladies of The View. Yeah, preach Mika. They love it.


I mean, what, is there anybody on that panel that supports Trump? The one gal we used to work for Trump, she can't stand him. The other gal at one point was a conservative best I can tell. She might be Christian, but like doesn't stand up for any of our values. So I, I don't know. There's nobody over there who stands up for Trump. Like they would be so much more interesting if they had an actual Trump supporter on the panel. But instead what they do is bring on a guest that looks like Mika Brezinski, who's in the midst of a full meltdown. Meantime, Jeff Bezos and the Washington Post are having their own meltdown. And, it might be my favorite story of the week. I like all of your least favorite people are quitting the Washington Post.


Nobody knows who works there, but they're upset. Your least favorite people are upset with the Washington Post for not endorsing. And here's what I love. They are quitting and canceling their subscriptions. And now meantime, we've seen the LA Times do the same. They did it first and now USA today did the same. Like these people must be feeling so stupid. It's become a last minute trend. They say it's because they're finding their spines and realizing that it's not good to be partisan and that they're losing too, too many subscribers. So they're gonna be like more moderate or neutral now, which is a lie. They know Trump is gonna win. They believe he's going to win.


And they're, I think, trying to curry favor with him. They don't want to at the last minute endorse his opponent when they don't really have to and they think she's a lost cause. And all these people who resigned like in protest, they'll be totally forgotten. They already are almost totally forgotten. So good luck finding another job. 'cause your industry's already hemorrhaging and no one knows who you are. So you're not gonna make it in podcasting or independent media. So all the best to you people. Okay, in just a bit. Our second hour, we're gonna be joined by Selena Zito. She's gonna update us on the crucial state of Pennsylvania. But first, I'm joined by my pal Glenn Beck.


This show encourages honest conversations, which isn't easy in today's media environment with big tech deciding who and what gets amplified. Well, there's a news platform that prioritizes free speech and transparency without controlling the narrative. Ground news. Ground news is an app and website that aggregates related articles from around the world highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. Here's an example. Recently, CBS News told their staff not to refer to Jerusalem as being in Israel. And guess who didn't cover this? left-leaning Media on ground news. You can see more than 90% of the coverage is coming from right-leaning sources. Ground news has an entire blind spot feed with stories like this that are receiving lopsided coverage. It reveals how media narratives are shaping the conversation. And they're offering our viewers 40% off their vantage plan, which gives you unlimited access to their website and app. They're independent and supported by subscribers, not corporate interests. Check 'em out@groundnews.com slash Megyn. That's ground G-R-O-U-D news.com/ Megyn to take back control of the news you consume.


He's hosted the Glenn Beck program on Blaze tv. He's also author of the new book, Propaganda Wars, how the Global Elite Control What You See, think, and Feel, which is out right now. And man, as usual, Glenn Beck, do you have excellent timing on your book? Oh my God. And the things you write about. Oh my gosh. The, I mean, you nailed it with Bezos and LA Times. I mean the, the, for them to come out and say, you know, we've, we've just spotted something here recently. This may not be the best for our business. Right? Right. Sure. Everybody knows that you, you don't want a president, especially one that you actually think might make an enemies list, which he's not going to do.


He's not that what he's already talking about. And I don't like this letting Hunter Biden off the hook. He's not that guy. But he does have a long memory of, you know, who helped him, who didn't help him. And I, I, I think all these places are like, well, let's, let's, let's, let's not have this on our record that we also at the last minute went all in on a candidate that was going to lose. 'cause I, I think you're right. That's exactly how they feel. But the propaganda doesn't stop. I don't know if you saw the op-ed from the Washington Post, from the Washington Post that says, most Americans agree with Kamala Harris.


They just don't know it. Take our poll. And you're like, what? And they, they put a list together. Have you seen this? They put a list together of eight things that when you answer these, honestly, it'll show you that you're, you're, you're right with Kamala Harris. Well, I took it. A couple of my friends took it. Stu just took it. No Uhuh. No, no. It's still, we're still against Kamala's platform. They're so absolutely not self-aware. They have no idea that they actually live in a bubble.


And if it is a bubble to them, they think everyone outside of that bubble is just stupid or racist or a Nazi. Yeah, we're not. Exactly. So, so on the subject of the, the Washington Post, the meltdown over there, which I've just, I mean, I I honestly, I've been enjoying the whole thing. I've been liking it a lot. Jeff Bezos publishes a piece in WaPo. He owns it late last night. It hits today called The Hard Truth. Americans Don't Trust the News Media. Now, you and I could have written, you and I could have written a piece that starts that way. We're we're, so far, we're eyeball to eyeball, Jeff. Yes, we totally agree. We could've done it 20 years ago ago, by the way.


Yes. We must be believed to be accurate. It's a bitter pill to swallow. But we are failing on the second requirement so far. We are all in agreement. You are failing. You are not believed to be accurate reality. Wait, wait, wait, wait. But it undefeated. But They're, they're, they're failing on the second one because they're failing on the first one. Yes, of course. Of it's Course's. Not like, we just don't believe Them. Oh, let me, lemme just give, lemme tee it up. Reality is an undefeated champion. It would be easy to blame mothers for our long and continuing fall and credibility and therefore decline in impact. But a victim mentality will not help. Right on, sir. Complaining is not a strategy. We must work harder to control what we can control to increase our credibility.


Alright, so first of all, he's trying to say we've lost credibility without going through the list of how they've misreported intentionally misled and what the plan is. Because what he's doing here is trying to justify his decision not to endorse any candidate. And without taking ownership, Glenn of the many, correct, many errors, lies repeated false stories that they have pushed over the past eight, nine years. He, this is a Jeff Bezos ass covering. This is not a Maya culpa designed to actually bring back in anybody Right. Of center. No, this is, this is like the three step program from aa.


I mean, you, you have to admit that what you have been doing isn't working. You have to, you have to lay out all of the things that you have done and make sure that you make amends for those things. You can't just say, yep, I'm an alcoholic. And you know what I, my real problem is, is people now know I'm an alcoholic and that's the real part. No, that's not the real problem. The real problem is you've this, this, this, this, this and this. And that's what led to your alcoholism. Yeah, no, It's, it's like the alcoholic being like, nobody wants to be around me. My breath smells bad.


I keep falling asleep in the middle of work, And, it seems to, to be turning people off. So I'm gonna stop doing those things. But no mention of the drinking. We're not gonna work on that at all. No, No. Of the Cause you've got to go to the root cause and I don't know, is it because he's afraid of his own people? Because for them to quit over this, do you really think anybody who reads the Washington Post is not aware of the Washington Post desire to have Kamala Harris? I mean, I know. Look at the op-ed that I just showed you. They're still doing that. I mean, everybody knows.


Yes. Okay. So he goes on to say as follows, presidential endorsements do nothing to tip the scales of an election. Agreed? Yep. No undecided. Voters in Pennsylvania are gonna say, I'm going with newspaper a endorsement. None. Agreed. What they actually do is create a perception of bias. I mean, yes, but it's already there. A perception of non independence. I hate to break it to you, Jeff, that was riddled all over your magazine or your newspaper long before endorsements, ending them as a principle decision. And it's the right one. Well, I'm glad you agree with yourself. Then he goes on to say this, Glen, get buckle up. Ready? What is so funny? I just love you. Yes. Many people are turning to off the cuff podcasts, inaccurate social media posts and other unverified news sources which can quickly spread misinformation and deepen divisions.


The Washington Post and the New York Times win prizes, but increasingly we talk only to a certain elite. While I do not and will not push my personal interest, I will also not allow this paper to stay on autopilot and fade into irrelevance, overtaken by unresearched podcasts and social media barbs not without a fight. It's too important. That's it. Oh my gosh. You self-important gob of yes. Of vomit. Look, they, they, they don't understand that.


I, I believe that the way Trump is seeing this right now is he's actually open and authentic and he is talking to the regular people through these podcasts. Nobody relates to A-B-C-N-B-C-C-B-S anymore. And their their anchors who listens to those people anymore. And yet they're the ones doing the debates. They're the ones that are doing the important interviews that end up being edited one way or another. These, these podcasts that, that Donald Trump is coming on, like Joe Rogan, I think will, will be the replacement for the media in four years.


I, I think if Trump wins, it will largely be because he, he understood where trust is. Standby audience, we will fix the audio with Glen and we shall resume with Glen in just two minutes while we get that fixed. But while I have you all the, the nonsense that Jeff Bezos spews in this piece is truly stomach turning unresearched podcasts or social media barbs, you can tell this is a man know, who knows. He's lost irrelevance, clinging to the last vestiges of it. The, the golden days when WaPo used to be a thing, Woodward and Bernstein, when they can control the neighbor, the, the narrative and bring down a president, those days are gone.


And he knows it. The Rogan interview of Trump right now has 37 million views. 37 million views. And that's not with all due respect to X where I post my own stuff too. But X will count a view. If you just scroll by it on YouTube, you've actually gotta see it. To get a view, you've gotta click on it. And that's 37 million. The Washington Post, as of 2023, had 136,000 print sub subscriptions. 136,000. That's, that's not a lot. And digital subscriptions, they had 2.5 million. Okay? I have more than that to my YouTube channel.


It's I'm sure Glen does too. They're irrelevant. No one's listening to them anymore. And Jeff Bezos knows it. And so this, I'm not going to endorse because I'm going to resurrect my paper. Makes no sense. He, they've already sold their credibility up the up the river. They know it. And this is him desperately trying to hold onto any sort of pat on the head ability he can get from Donald Trump. I think we've got Glenn back with us. Sorry Glenn. So you can, we lost you for a minute. You, you can only lose so much credibility and you can, I mean, they've made themselves irrelevant. Nobody needs the Ivy League expert to ask questions that no American is asking.


January 6th is one of them. If they bring up January 6th one more time over the possibility of, I don't know, sending my son or daughter to nuclear war over in Ukraine or Taiwan or wherever else, they will want to gin up a war. I don't know. I think that's more important than January 6th. When you wanna bring up January 6th. If you didn't have a record of bringing up the burning down of say, just Minneapolis or Portland, you don't have any credibility at all. So why would I be listening to you on that? Joe Rogan was asking the questions that the average person wanted to know. And these guys are just like, I think you are.


I hope I am. But we are more like the average person now. You're very well educated. I'm pretty much a dope, but Joe Rogan not true. The people are, are, they relate to him. And that's why the A-B-C-N-B-C-C-B-S doesn't work. They don't relate at all. You know, it's like I, I'm a big TV history buff. And Sid Caesar did your show of shows back in the 1950s. It had Woody Allen as a writer. It had Carl Reiner as a, a writer Mel Brooks as a writer. Wow. It lost every week.


Lost to the Lawrence Welk show. And here's why. They were making jokes about Shakespeare and things that were on Broadway. The rest of the country could not relate at all. So miss some really good comedy because it wasn't aimed, it was aimed just for their little click. That doesn't work. And that's what the media has become. Let's just talk about our, our what our friends and our cocktail parties on, on Madison Avenue or on Central Park West are talking about. That's not America. You, you've got to relate to Americans and let the candidates talk.


I really truly believe this is the last election. I could be wrong, but I, I don't think so. I really think by 2028, if he wins by 2028, you're not going to see the mainstream media have the debates. They're going to be farmed out to whoever, whoever has the biggest audience and is the most relatable. You might have journalists doing it, but they're not gonna be from A B, CNBC, the Washington Post only. They will also include other people because this system doesn't work anymore where they're, they're fighting to bring back the three network system.


It's over. Doesn't work's. It it's too late. It's over. I mean, they're the those, the three it's networks are as dead as the fake skeletons I have in my front yard right now. They're, they're that dead. You can put a wig on 'em like I did. You can put a dress or a suit on 'em like I did, but they're dead and they're not coming back. Listen to this Glenn Canadian, Debbie just sent me a couple of examples of the Washington Post. Now see, even without their presidential endorsement, if you can guess which side the Washington Post is on in this presidential election. The hard. Okay. Got a few for it. Yeah. Okay, here's one. Trump and Allies plot revenge justice department control in a second term.


Here's another one. Trump's promise to exact revenge won't be hindered by mere laws. Wow. Here's another, Trump wants revenge in 2024. And here's yet another one. Trump doesn't just want to win. He wants revenge. That's just a couple over the last few days. And that is crazy. We can keep going. He's not, he is, I don't know if you've seen him. He is the opposite. No, he's, lemme say it this way, he's exactly what I think Republicans and independents didn't think he would be in this election back in 20 20, 21 when people were talking about Donald Trump running again. We're like, oh no, it's all gonna be about 2020 and I lost and what they've done to me, et cetera, et cetera.


He's not, in fact, I think he's running the best he got. Yeah. He's running the best campaign. I have seen any Republican run. He's happy, he's optimistic. He has has the spirit kind of Ronald Reagan. He's got huge, huge vision and all they're relying on is he's Hitler. I don't think you win an election with that. He's Hitler. Don't think so. No, you're so right, Glenn, because remember when he first started running and of course it's been a two year campaign, so we're going back a while. He, he was still gv about the 2020 election. Correct. And a lot of us were saying like, if this is what he's gonna do, he's gonna lose.


And then he totally dumped it. He, I'm sure he is not actually over it in his mind, but he has stopped raising it. He'll talk about it in response to questions. But he has stopped raising 2020 in the, in the election loss on his own. He's focused on the American people now. So, So tell me, why do you think they're doing it? I mean, I, I have a, I have a theory that the hope thing or the joy thing worked while everybody was like, woo, thank God it's not gonna be Joe Biden. 'cause that would've been a disaster. And so they had this great relief. It's anyone but Joe Biden. Then that started to fade when they realized, oh, but it's her. We know who she is.


And so they had to change gears because it wasn't with the, there was nobody left to get, and her base was starting to go away. So go back to recharging her base by saying Hitler, Hitler, Hitler. And, and I think that that does One of, I have a, I have a theory. Okay, go ahead. So I think number one, yeah, orange Man bad has worked for them in the past. Yeah. And so that's a, an oldie but a goodie. So might as well try it when Joy is not working. But I also think Glenn, that they're laying the foundation to stop him from actually assuming office. Yep. If and when he wins. Yep.


You could not write you, you could go on chat GPT and say, give me a speech against my opponent and convince people he needs to either be taken down legally or assassinated before he and you would come up with this campaign. It, it, they are doing everything they can to make either someone reach out and try to kill him or just go to the street in violence. Whether he wins or not, just go out in the street and cause all kinds of chaos or, Or the Jamie Raskin like he's an insurrectionist. Yes. And he has to be stopped.


Like Yep. Everything's what they're doing on stopping him. What? That's to me that that says that they are Yeah. In Both ways though. So what do they have to lose? Yep. Yep. They think they're gonna lose and they have to set the stage for the next phase, which is at all costs, take him out. That's frightening. It's Frightening. No, it is frightening. And I, I agree with you. I feel like they're, they've gone so over the top in the rhetoric. What else would explain it? Like they're in a true panic. He's gonna win. And I, not for nothing, but like technically M-S-N-B-C is still a news organization. Technically. This is what they want us to believe. So the hysterics that they're allowing over there on that morning show I like even, I cannot believe how far they're letting people go.


CNN too. They're almost as bad just today. Here's was this CNN Philippe rains? He's Hillary Clinton's top guy. This is last night on M-S-N-B-C. Listen to him. I'm gonna give you a couple, we'll get to know Nicole Wallace too. Here he is speaking to the journalist, quote unquote, surrounding him on M-S-N-B-C. Listen to this. You're journalists, you and I might be sharing a cell in, in, you know, six months from now. And, you know, but people laugh it off. It's not funny. No, you're right. And they need to listen to what he's saying and they need to realize this time that there's an apparatus around him that is more competent and more focus than 2016.


May I comment on That? So it says to Jen Jena. Yeah. It says to Jens Soki, you and I could be sharing a cell in six months. 'cause you know, Trump. So here's what I mean. I know everybody has finally come to this conclusion. They always tell you what they're doing. You know, it's like when they always go, look, they're, you know what they're setting up. It's like, no, I think I just saw you at that cookie jar. So they Always, and didn't we just watch Steve Bannon emerge from prison? Yes. And Peter Navarro just emerge from prison. Yes, Yes, yes. And you know, you do have Donald Trump's Trump saying lock her up. But then you have the evidence that he didn't when he could have last time he didn't go.


And why didn't he do it? Because he thought it was bad for the Republic. That's why he didn't lock her up. I kind of disagree with that. If you committed real crimes, you should be locked up. But he thought it was bad for the republic. Okay. So you have that evidence that he doesn't do it. And at the same time, you have your candidate talking about we will hold you responsible if you are giving mis and disinformation and defining mis and disinformation really as something that disagrees with the medical community or with the government. Well, that's not miss or disinformation. That's Americans questioning their government and demanding answers that make sense.


That that is the quintessential aspect of, of the First Amendment question. Your government, you cannot have the government being the arbiter of truth. Oh, we just accept what they say. What what kind of 1984 novel did you just walk out of? You don't do that. So if you look at their actions, honestly, you know, you said you opened the show Megyn with pretty hopeful. You know, I I don't think it's gonna be that bad if they win. I'm with you on that. I, I don't think, but I can't tell you nothing will happen.


If they get their way, they're not gonna shut down. Shows like, oh My, they shut it down right in the middle of Glen's sentence. I got the power. They're already starting. So my apologies to the audience. Clearly we haven't totally worked out our audio issues. We'll take a break and we will do that with the one and only Glen back their power. My God, there's no end to which they will not go standby right back with Glen.


If you're tired of the same old coffee from the big mega corporations pushing their woke agendas. Listen up. It's time to take a stand and support a brand that truly embodies American values. Blackout Coffee, they stand with hardworking Americans who believe in family faith and freedom. They roast some of the most incredible coffee you will ever taste using only premium grade beans roasted and shipped to you within 48 hours. And for the Cold Brew fans, Blackout Coffee is excited to announce the launch of their two new ready to drink cold Brew coffee latte options. Don't settle for less. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. Head over to Blackout Coffee dot com slash mk or use the code MK for 20% off your first order. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash mk. The code is mk. When you check out, join the movement, taste the difference. Remember, with every sip you are supporting a brand that stands for America. Be awake, not woke.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver, or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board. 'cause we agree things should be done your way, especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them for all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


Here with me again, Glenn Beck, author of Propaganda Wars. So let me, let me reset that conversation with my Nicole Wallace sat and then you, you take it from there. She's equally hysterical. That soundbite from Philippe Rains was from Jen Psaki show. But here's Nicole Wallace equally freaked out. Shell Obama isn't messing around anymore because with women's reproductive healthcare and freedoms hanging in the balance next Tuesday, the stakes literally are life and death for every woman in America. Ely, it's not hyperbole, it's not an exaggeration, it's what happens next week. Literally. Literally, Literally. Life and death for every woman.


And I don't know if that includes He die, if, if he wins Trans women as well. I mean, that Is Yeah. Of trans women are women. Glen, that's it. That's the tweet. Oh Yeah. No, I know that. I was just saying, you know, for the dumb Hicks out there that just hate th this is, if you look at what they have been doing already, 'cause this started with, do we, you know, are they gonna shut down our voices because Donald Trump, they say is a Nazi and he's going to imprison people. In fact, Whoopi said, I think it was yesterday that she was gonna, that Donald Trump would break up interracial marriages.


This is, this is mental illness. But if you look at what Kamala is saying, you see what the Biden administration has done. They've already silenced people by putting you behind a digital wall, a ghetto, a digital ghetto. They already are silencing people's voices through algorithms. It's, it's not a leap to think if the government is the arbiter of all truth, which is so incredibly dangerous if they're the arbiter of all truth. Anything that they disagree with has to go away, especially in a, in a an emergency situation.


I talk about this in, in Propaganda Wars. They're already doing this. The Five Eyes, which is the spy agency of our five biggest allies. The five eyes. We already share information about our own citizens. So England is spying on our citizens and giving us the information, we're spying on their citizens and giving them the information and they're colluding together. For instance, the first time I saw this was in Brazil trying to shut down voices. Anybody who disagrees with their immigration policy or any of their other policies, shut them down. That's why the whole world now on the left is going for Elon Musk trying to shut Elon Musk down.


I mean, this is, this is Galileo in the tower. This is insanity. He was the most popular man ever on the left. 'cause he was saving the planet. He was so crazy about it. He said, we gotta get off this planet and, and start a colony on Mars before we destroy ourselves. How did that guy, the hero of the left, and I contend probably the, the greatest scientific mind of our, of our generation, maybe of the century as an entrepreneur, how is he all of a sudden an enemy? Just because he says the side that I was on is lying to you.


It's not telling you the truth about the vaccines. It's not telling you the truth about the real threat to democracy. It's a cabal and it's all in bed with all of these countries and they are trying to turn capitalist and the entire western world upside down and inside out. How is that, that guy who everybody loved now, suddenly enemy number one, I can buy it with the, with the governments, but it's the media and the government. It is, the media is nothing but a propaganda machine. It is nothing more than Pravda.


You. You can't, we can't keep calling it the mainstream media. It is the propaganda industrial complex. It's in bed with the government and they don't care. This is something I talked about years ago where I said there was gonna come a time where the government was gonna be in trouble, okay, with the people. The media would be in trouble with the people, the banks and central banks would be in trouble with the people. And social media would be in trouble with the people because they've all discredited themselves and they're going to need each other. I should have added science and big pharma, but they're all gonna need each other. So they'll all collude with one another to make sure that none of us get our way.


And that's what it is. It's happening just for the listening audience. This is outlined in Glen's new book called Propaganda Wars, how the Global Elite Control What you See, think and Feel. And this is why it's just such a perfect thing to discuss on the day the Bezos piece drops, trying to defend his paper and saying he will not be overtaken by unresearched podcasts. Let me tell you what some of his researched Washington Post pieces have shoved at us over the last few years. Okay, here's WaPo 2016 editorial board. Donald Trump Putin's puppet 2021. They had to retract two stories written in March of 17 and February of 19, which were based on the discredited steel dossier.


September, 2021, we conducted the largest study on masks and covid. They work October, 2020. A powerful argument for wearing a mask in visual form November, 2020. Wearing a mask isn't just about protecting other people. It can help you and might prevent lockdowns. There was another one from March of 2021 saying that the Pfizer and Moderna vaccines being deployed right now are robustly effective in preventing infection with the Covid vaccine virus. Look at, look at, that's his researched paper that he's trying know to protect from those of us in the Disinformation Unresearched podcast space.


Yeah, I know that's not true. I know the number of staffers you guys have at the Blaze. I I've got the best producers in the business working on this show, which is why we are supremely factual. Jeff. Yes. Sorry, but that's just not gonna fly. It, it it, everything that they have said from ESG, the World Economic Forum e everything that starts out as a conspiracy theory. They say it's a conspiracy theory. They run with that for a while and they're like, okay, well it's true, but it's not that. Okay, well we are doing it, but it's not as bad to Yeah, it's good that we're doing it. I mean, they, it's the same pattern over and over and over again.


You can only do that so long and that's why they have to collude with one another and bring all the entire team to the field. It's a machine and they have to bring the entire machine and bring it online. They've really completed it. The only thing they haven't done yet, and they will if they win this next election, is turn that machine on full, full blast. When that machine is really cranking our voices either go away or we are so hard to find that we can't make any kind of impact. That's the digital ghetto But. it could. Well, Did you see today, Glen, did you see the Ben Shapiro and Tucker tweets that were posted Yes.


Showing that the New York Times is doing a deep dive on their alleged disinformation on YouTube about the election in particular, And, it feels and smells very much like an attempt by the New York Times, by its own statement, relying on media matters, a hate group against conservatives to try to get certain voices silenced either before this election next week or right after. Just in case there are contests by the GOP side. This is just, it smells bad. It's too coincidental. So there, there have been meetings with the World Economic Forum and leaders all over the world about what to do in emergency situations.


Let's say you have a, a banking collapse that there's a huge 2008 event that happens, or there's a war that happens, or there's great civil unrest. Maybe because an election goes horribly in their own documents. It said, voices that disagree with the banks or, or governments or the United Nations or the World Economic Forum must be silenced in their own countries as they will only add to the instability. So that, that means they're already planning. This isn't Donald Trump, this is the left, this is the system that the left is embracing.


Why do you think they hate Donald Trump so much? It is because of America first. And what that means is we're not going to do what the rest of the world is doing because they tell us to, we are going to do what's right for America and what's right for America. May not be right for France, may not be right for Germany, but we are different. We have the first second all the way up. We have all these amendments to our constitution that you guys over in Europe don't have. And we are going to live by those rules. That's why he must be stopped. They have workeded for this moment, for 50 years, maybe longer, all building to this moment where they have captured the machine, they've captured the education, they've captured the big business, they've captured the banks, they've captured the No, I Get it, judiciary, I get it.


Everything but this. But like what's happening today is, and I know you've got the global perspective, but this is like happening right now. You and I could be on the receiving end. Yeah. One of these letters at any moment. And yeah, I mean, I will say that the Tucker handled it absolutely perfectly. He gets this, it's, it's a writer for the New York Times by the name of Nico Grant, a technology correspondent for the New York Times based in San Francisco. I'm shocked, shocked. He reached out to at least these two saying, I wanna give you an opportunity to comment for an upcoming article that takes a look at how political commentators have discussed the upcoming election on YouTube. And he says, we rely on an analysis conducted by researchers at Media Matters for America.


Truly a hate group. They've, they've tried to take us all down. All they do is sit around and watch our shows, take clips out of context and circulate these dishonest clips. They're or bastardized clips to people like New York Times. So this Guy Bites New York Times, Nico Grant Bytes, and he says, media matters identified 286 YouTube videos between May and August that contained election misinformation, including narratives that have been debunked or are not supported with credible evidence. First of all, if you listen to Ben, Ben has been saying that Trump lost the 2020 election since 2020. Ben is not in any way an election denier, however you wanna phrase it, right?


The example they used for Tucker is him saying all the sadness we've seen after the clearly stolen election. All these bad things happen, but people I know love each other more. So stolen could mean a number of things I haven't heard Tucker. In fact, Tucker was one of the ones who debunked the Sidney Powell claims about actual stealing of votes. Yep. But the point is, they're trying to threaten these guys and potentially, potentially get their YouTube shut down. Here's the Tucker response. He writes back to Nico Grant. So the New York Times is working with a left wing hate group to silence critics of the Democratic Party. Please ask yourself why you're participating in it. This is why you got into journalism. It's shameful. I hope you're filled with guilt and self-loathing for sending me a text like this.


Please quote me. Grant, thank you for your prompt response. Would you like to address any of the points or questions above Grant? You sound like AI Tucker, would I like to participate in your attempt to censor me? No thanks. But I do hope you'll quote what I wrote above and also note that I told you to fuck off, which I am now doing. Thanks. Oh man, this is so nuts. I can't believe we're living In these things. It's happening. They're turning up the dial, Glen. Oh, I know. And next week, if we are getting, if, if, if, if we don't have an answer that night, and we won't, unless it's a landslide, they are gonna start doing everything they can.


It'll be very, very dicey. We will be on the air like we always are saying, keep calm, keep cool. But anybody does anything, they will take us and blame us. They will take us off the air. I I mean one of the things Megyn in Propaganda Wars, I lay out how we do our research. I've never done that. 'cause I've never thought it was really important for people to know how to find who do you trust? How do you find out if this story is true? We put this all in there. 'cause I think there is a chance our voices go away and the, and the average person must know how to find the truth. It's really scary. I mean, this is absurd.


It's like, because the New York Times doesn't have power over your listeners or mine, but they do have power over YouTube. They do. Oh, and if they do some long hit piece on how YouTube is, you know, fermenting violence thanks to election denialism and it's part of a long pattern. See earlier article regarding Tucker, regarding Ben, I don't know how strong YouTube is. I don't have a lot of hope that they're gonna stand behind most conservative broadcasters. No, they're not. This is part of an effort to get the muzzle put on And. it will be tightened just as soon as shit goes wrong next week. That is why Elon Musk is probably the most important man in the world.


And as Spiegel said of the a second on the assassination list, they have to shut him down because he, he will make sure that that pipeline stays open if he can. That's why they're so mad at Elon Musk. He's empowering people to actually speak their mind. How do you make progress if you don't have people questioning what the truth is? And wait a minute, minute, I disagree with that opinion. I think it's more like this. That's how humanity grows. When you have a guy like Elon Musk and you want to shut him down and shut all the voices, there is absolutely no growth.


There cannot be progress. And that's what the progressives want. Yeah. By the way, those just tuning in the book is Propaganda Wars, how the global elite Control what you see, think and feel. And you can sense the consternation we mentioned inside the Washington Post because they won't endorse because they do have a sense of self-importance. Glenn, they are part of the elite. Bezos is correct here where he says the Washington Post in New York Times win prizes. But increasingly we talk only to a certain elite. And those elite are not only their readers, but their workers.


These are not journalists who have a healthy disdain for people in power. At least not when they're Democrats. They are part of the elite. They're going to all the cocktail parties. They, they require the right invitations from exactly the same people that they're covering. And then you could hear it, we pulled just a little bit of the reaction when, when Bezos made the decision not to endorse. Here's Joan Walsh. She's, oh, I just canceled my subscription to at Washington Post. And you should too. Karen Atia, who is, she's been an insane lunatic on the Israel conflict. I mean, she, she's one of those who thought this is what de decolonization looks like on ten eight the day after.


That's Karen Attia. Today has been an absolute stab in the back. What an insult to those of us who have literally put our careers and lives on the line to call out threats to human rights and democracy. That's cute here, right? She's she's basically Marcus Latrell. Yeah, She's, yeah. Yeah. She's just, she's a hero Ambassador. Susan Rice. She tweets out, this is the most hypocritical chicken shit move from a publication that is supposed to hold people in power to account an op-ed by 18 post opinion columnists in the Washington Post with more Woodward and Bernstein.


We, they've used, they, they newspapers abundant resources to rigorously, rigorously investigate the danger and damage that a second Trump presidency could cause. And that makes this decision even more surprising and disappointing than there's Brian Stelter with this. Oh my God. This is known by some scholars as anticipatory obedience. The idea that some people obey in advance to curry favor with aspiring authoritarians. You see, you need to get, you need to get blessed by the aspiring authoritarian they had. The editor at large Robert Kagan resign on Friday, two more jumped ship today and nobody knows where this ends.


They've lost some 200,000 subscribers in their digital lane, which I said they only had 2.5 million. And now you've got, you know, person after person like Jen Rubin. Jen Rubin said, if, if, if you had any self-respect out at the the LA Times, you'd quit as a reporter. Then her newspaper failed to endorse. Guess who didn't quit? Jen Rubin. Okay. Right. Of course she didn't. Of course she needs her paycheck and her influence, Glen, her influence. Right, right. These, these people are just, they're crazy. You know, it, it's, it's, they're, they're so self, self unaware.


They have no idea. When you listen to NPR, you know who they're talking to and they're not talking to the average person. They are tar talking to an a another class of people that think in a certain way. And then they blame us for the bubble. They're in the biggest bubble. I I, I listen to the New York Times. I read the New York Times. I read the Washington Post. I know what they're saying, but they have no idea what we're saying. They've never taken the time to truly understand why people are rising up to follow Donald. They have no clue. No clue. Well, how do you reflect or remember you are the fourth branch supposedly of government.


You are supposed to protect the people. They, I believe despise the average person. They despise them. They think they're stupid. They think they're nothing but hicks. They're backward. And so they don't protect. They're supposed to protect us from the government. Instead they're helping push more government on us. No, no thank you. No thank you. Which one of us has changed? You know, you used to be with us saying that, you know, you shouldn't cut off body parts of kids that, you know, having transgender, you know, drag queen story hour in preschool would be a bad influence.


I still believe that. What new information did you get? Press, did you on the left get what? New information No. That you apparently didn't share with us. Nothing. What, what happens is nothing. They just look at you and, and me over here where we were. Well, I was too far left. But, you know, maintaining sanity and saying Alt-Right. Alt-right far right. Yeah. Standby. Coming right back to Glen Beck and we'll continue our alt-right discussion and I'll show you some of the meltdowns.


There's no greater purpose in life than protecting those we love. And in our uncertain world today, that can make you feel a little uneasy. Right. Safety and comfort in our lives is so important. And this is one of the many reasons why I wanna tell you about Birch Gold Group. A lot of people feel unsettled right now with our economy the way it is. They wanna diversify. They don't know how to do that. And Birch Gold group can be a lifeline. The the investments in gold are like this right now, and there's a reason for that. Gold really has stood the test of time. It's one of the safest investments that we can make. I mean, you actually get gold. You know, it's not like something, oh, you know, one of these other products. It's kind of made up. Maybe you're considering whether an IRA or 401k still fits your needs in today's environment. At Birch Gold, they're gonna help you convert those accounts into an IRA in physical. You can touch it gold tax free and penalty free And. it doesn't cost you 1 cent out of pocket. Over the past four years, the price of gold has actually increased 40%. Get a free info kit to learn more about gold and your options by texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. If you want safety and to protect your savings for your family and future generations, text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and see if Birch Gold Group, which has an eight plus rating from the Better Business Bureau, is right for you and the family you love.


The pandemic may have faded from the headlines, but for some reason the questions haven't. Was covid actually a natural disaster? What happens when the scientists and the science are at odds? Who are we supposed to trust from award-winning director Jennifer first, check out his new documentary. Thank you Dr. Fauci. Available now. Go to tdf movie.com to learn more.


I wanna tell you that we have a special election night show planned for you. A week from tonight. We'll be live covering all the election results as they come in live on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one 11 and live as well on youtube.com/ m Kelly. We start at 8:00 PM Eastern time. We've got all of your favorites right here in the studio and via remote. So all the guests that you love on the Megyn Kelly Show you will see here on the program that night. As the results come in, we've got political analysis covered. We've got data researchers coming in with, you know, to, to walk us through what we're seeing and what it means.


We've got cultural commentators, you will not see them anywhere else. So come to the Megyn, Kelly Show starting 8:00 PM Eastern time on election night. Unless all hell breaks loose prior to that. In which case, you know us we'll go live and we can talk about it all our goodbyes to Glen Beck. And don't forget to buy his new book, Propaganda Wars, how the Global Elite Control What you See, think and Feel So timely. And in just a bit, we'll be joined by Selena Zito reporter who knows Pennsylvania better than any other. And she'll give us an update as to how it's looking there. Okay? But I wanna keep going with a couple of the media meltdowns and other things that we're seeing in the news.


First. So I mentioned Mika Brezinski. I mean honestly like at this point it's like she cries. It's a day ending in why shes crying. She's crying, sir. There's no crying, there's there's no crying in politics. Name that movie. She's crying. Sir, I, you know, we meant to give you a little update on like our, my other move movie trivia clues. We gotta do that 'cause we actually did pull the clips for you to, to do the big reveals. Maybe we'll do that in a post show extra. Anyway, email me if you know that one. Megyn at m Kelly dot com. So she goes over to the view and boy did she let it rip.


Watch. So 15 Nobody gets a pass. Trashing America. Yeah. Puerto Rican Americans, nobody gets a pass. Degrading people. Nobody gets a pass degrading legal mi migrants and terrorizing people. Nobody gets a pass threatening his enemies with using the military against, against them. Nobody gets a pass on inciting and insurrection. Nobody gets a pass on saying he fancies Hitler and wants to have generals like his. Nobody gets a pass on insulting veterans and saying those who died for our country are suckers and losers.


Right. Except for convicted felon Donald Trump. Yes. This is called normalization. Yes. Yeah. This is the descent into fascism if we so choose. Okay. She, she says we're fighting 24 7. We are in crisis. These are the final hours we need you. We need all of you. We need all of you to vote. Hitler, Hitler, Hitler, Hitler. The dissented to fascism, normalizing January 6th. It's a day of love. I'll say it again and again and again. Normalizing enemy from within. She goes on. She's very focused on abortion.


We've gotta wake up and then the defense of poor sweet Kamala. This is the continuing the Michelle Obama argument like we are setting the bar too high read between the lines is because she's a person of color and she's a woman. That's what we're doing only for her. These impossible standard. We expect her to dazzle as Michelle Obama said. And here's Mika Brezinski on how she's done. Everything we've asked of her. She has the experience and I don't know why Donald Trump can vomit racism and his supporters clap. Meanwhile, she's asked to do everything in this campaign in three months. She has done everything that's been asked of her and more.


And she's trying with the help of others to take us away from a very dangerous path. Yeah. We are on the edge of a cliff. Yeah. This is the final hour. She's done everything we've asked of her. Like, like to put two sentences together without sounding dumb to actually ask answer questions that are pretty simple. She hasn't done that, Mika. Mm. I mean we've been really following it very closely here. I I. And I think I can safely say she hasn't done that. It's a real problem. And it's directly led to her crappy poll numbers and no amount of hysteria on your part. Just take a deep breath sister. Okay. As Hammer used to say, sim ther my dear sim ther.


I did not like it when he would say that. So there you go. Anyway, you need to calm down my friend. So yesterday's claims today was all about Trump. He's a fascist, blah, blah, blah. Yesterday she was off on abortion. And we're hearing this more and more. You heard the Nicole Wallace clip. The stakes literally are life and death for every woman in America. It's not hyperbole, it's not an exaggeration. And here's what's so sick. Here is what's so sick. Let me tell you, she's talking about abortion. Let me tell you Nicole Wallace, how are all of your Democrat friends going to be able to run and get their abortions if they've been murdered in the street, if they've been killed on their college campuses by illegals?


How, however, will they get their abortions if they're beaten to death during a rape by some criminal who's here because of the open border or not in jail because of these soft on crime das that the Democrats keep installing. Explain that to me. 'cause I know we're really super focused on being able to snuff out life in the womb, but shouldn't we at least try to keep those women alive long enough to be impregnated so they can make that decision? That also seems kind of important in this election team Trump has put out two very effective ads over the past 24, 36 hours trying to get at this point. And one of them involves sweet Jocelyn Nga, whose name I mentioned in a discussion with Bill Maher on his show the other night.


We got into why I'm voting for for Trump. And I told him, you know, among other reasons, illegal immigration and the trans stuff. And because of people like Lake and Riley, who was of course killed on the college campus down in Georgia by an illegal, and Jocelyn, who was 12 when she was taken by two illegals and thrown over a bridge after two hours of torture. Her mother has been an outspoken critic of the Biden Harris open immigration policies and helped make this ad, which we've cut in part for Trump Watch Under her being vice president of this country.


My daughter's life was ripped away from her. She had her entire life ahead of her happy Birthday. Dear Joly, My daughter is six feet in the ground based off of policies that she allowed to keep. Kamala Harris did have one job and she not only failed, not me, she failed my daughter. She failed Jocelyn, you know, she was only 12. President Trump reached out, gave me his sinces condolences as not a former president, but just as a father.


Someone who cares. I believe Donald Trump needs to be back in office. I can at least know that my next child will be safe in this country. Incredibly powerful and incredibly sad. Now let me replay what Nicole Wallace said on her show. Watch Michelle Obama isn't messing around anymore because with women's reproductive healthcare and freedoms hanging in the balance next Tuesday, the stakes literally are life and death for every woman in America.


It's not hyperbole, it's not an exaggeration, it's what happens next week. How about Jocelyn Nga? Nicole, she never got to have the decision about whether she would keep an unplanned pregnancy because she was murdered by two illegals who tied her wrists together and her ankles together and threw her off a bridge at age 12. Okay? 'cause you're right in the last part of your statement. Women's lives are on the line, but it's not because of reproductive rights. If you want an abortion in America, you can get it. Abortion has gone up, not down post Dobbs, which you would know if you would pay attention.


Women are getting abortions, a lot of abortions, and they're also dying in the street thanks to illegals committing crimes. Young, beautiful women with promising futures ahead of the do we care about Jocelyn Nicole Mika. And she's not the only one. Just yesterday this, this news hit from Volusia County, Florida. Here's what happened per the sheriff, and we're gonna show you the video. Nine one one got a call from a woman ordering a pizza close to 4:00 AM What the dispatcher quickly figured out was that the caller was actually in danger, seems to have been a ruse to convince her attacker she was calling a pizza, when in fact she was trying to seek help.


And she called 9 1 1. The police showed up right as the woman was about to get raped. The defendant who were about to show you is Luis Diego Hernandez Moncayo, who was in this country illegally and just applied for asylum the day before this occurred. The day before this occurred. Now he's in jail charged with attempted sexual battery, battery by strangulation and false imprisonment with an immigration detainer from the US Border Patrol. Take a look at what happened to this poor woman. Thanks to this illegal, Hey, he's gonna rape me.


Get off her now. Get off her now channel. God thank you. Move. Don't you. Come here, come here, here, move. Come here. You good? Do we care about her? Nicole? Do we care about that woman and her right not to be raped in a field by some guy who has no business being in this country? I am Sick Of the obsessive focus on abortion. If you want an abortion, you can get one. In America. It's actually pretty easy. It may not be as easy as it was pre Dobbs, especially for women in deep red states.


That's not a huge newsflash, but you can still get an abortion. The women who are walking through the fields, the women who are kids who make stupid decisions to go out and talk to the wrong guy because they still are too trusting. Those are the ones we have to worry about. Those are the ones who get surprised by these criminals who have no right to be here. And what Bill Mahers said to me was, don't Americans commit these crimes too? And I said to him, that's not the point. We have to deal with the Americans. They have a right to be in this country. We don't have to deal with illegals from Venezuela.


Like the ones who attacked and killed Jocelyn Trump will shut down that border. Was his attempt to do so perfect? No, it wasn't. But I'll take 2.3 million illegals coming over four years. Any day over 10.4 million minimum. And trump's right, it's probably double that. We know 10.4 does not include the God aways. I'll take that any day of the week. Not to mention the soft on crime das who add to our problems. I'm just, I'm over These women cloaking themselves in some sort of glorious Steinem odor as though there are champions. They, they don't want anything to happen to us when we try to abort our babies. It's just absolutely nonsensical.


Okay, there's more. Joe Rogan. A mystery has been solved. He did want Kamala Harris to come on the show and now he's announcing that she hasn't like officially said no. What she said was, according to Rogan, she won't fly to Austin, Texas where his show is based and she won't sit for three hours, which is what he does with his guests. She said, you come to me and I'll give you one. How obnoxious is she? I, and then you've got people like former ambassador to Russia, Michael McFall out there tweeting at Joe Rogan saying, come on her schedule a lot busier than yours is, Joe.


Get on a private plane and go to where she is. And Joe said, I really think my show works best from its home base. And she's got a wide open invitation to come anytime she won't do it. First of all, is there a person on earth who thinks Kamala Harris can handle a three hour interview with Joe Rogan? I mean, she knows she can't. Her team knows she can't. And so they said, okay, maybe just an hour to try to make it a deal breaker so that he would be the one to say no. And they said, you have to come to us. Which again, they're, they're setting these impossible conditions so that he'll say no. And he's just standing there saying, this is the Joe Rogan show. You do it here in my studio. I'll fly you down. We sit, we chat for three hours.


Like that's the show. I don't change the show for you. You either wanna do it or you don't. This is the way it's being offered to you. And she won't do it. And it's just, I mean, Trump did it. You don't think Trump's busy. Trump did it on Friday. He was late, which then he got panned by the media for, to his Michigan rally because it went on for three hours and he sat there without complaint and did it. She won't do it because she knows she can't. Oh, and by the way, she knows the ratings would not hold a candle to those that Donald Trump got. There is a report out today that now JD Vance is gonna do. Rogan. I've gotta say it's a little weird. It'll probably get great ratings. But. It's a little weird to have the warmup act come after the star.


It's a, it's a little like should have gone the other way. But I, if I'm team Trump, I'm probably doing that too anyway, right? Like get him out there, get an unvarnished view between JD Vance and Joe Rogan's. Massive audience who've been misled about him, about Trump. Yes. So she's not gonna do it. And I don't think any of us is particularly shocked. She's not gonna do it. Now she did do an interview with Shannon Sharp who's got a podcast called, what is it? She, she, I don't know what club she, she, okay, so it's a no to Joe Rogan, but it's a yes to club. She, she where she knows, with all due respect to Mr. Sharp, she's not going to get any sharp questioning.


And I would submit to you all that it didn't go particularly well. She brought her same awkwardness and discomfort to this interview that she brings to all of them. I give you sought one. What's A typical day like for you now once you've been thrust into this? What time are you normally getting to bed? What time are you getting up and what's some of the activities that you do in a given day? I, I'm having, I'd probably estimate 14 hour, 15 hour days. Okay. When I wake up, no matter how little sleep or how much sleep I've had, I work out every morning. Okay. Okay. You know, you know this like you mind, body and spirit, right? 14 hour days, I mean, what, so what, like you wake up at seven and you go to bed at nine.


How is, how Is that, How is that like an impressive thing to offer when you're trying to say, oh, you know, I'm so busy. That's how busy she is. She can't go down to Austin to sit with Joe Rogan 'cause she's doing 14 hour days. I mean, presumably she means out there like out on the campaign trail and maybe some padding after that. But I, I'm not sure to be honest with you. Then he asked her about advice she'd give to her 18-year-old self. And oh my God, she dredged up one of our least favorite heroism watch. I would probably encourage myself at 18 to remember that you have a lot of people who are supporting you, even if they don't know you.


You know, that's what I mentor a lot of people, Shannon. So this is what I'm really reflecting on or not alone in that room. Wait for it. And that you must therefore walk in that room, chin up, shoulders back, knowing we're all there applauding you. When I mentor young women and men, I remind them that you are often gonna be told, well, it's not your time, not your turn. You're too young. Nobody like you has done this before. And, and I tell them, you know what? Don't you ever listen to that. I like to say I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no, you ask me what I eat for breakfast. I eat no for breakfast. No, I don't hear it. Right. And that's part of what are my life lessons that I try to share.


I I eat yogurt, but okay, I don't feel the need to keep telling everybody every day. I, I know for breakfast, yeah, tough guy. We've basically got another schwartzenegger right here. That's how tough she is. You got Rambo is now running on the Democratic ticket. I know for breakfast. Okay, do you, 'cause you're, you're too chicken shit to even an answer a question directly. So I'm kind of not feeling the tough guy routine, but love to take you at your word. Speaking of her word, we did of course get another recitation of her favorite canned lines. More Harris's. Take a listen to sat six, six Americans in general, regardless of their race or gender, we have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams, but not everyone has access to the opportunity to let some actually accomplish that.


And back to the way I was raised, I know that the children of the community are the children of the community. Look, I did it And, it, it means, you know, trying to cook for an elder to make something they feel like eating right to help them put on a sweater, A sweater. She got it nailed. She has no original thoughts. She's got her few can stories. She looks for how she can jam it into any question she's asked and she makes damn sure she will never tread new ground. She is so risk averse and not a deep thinker. So she, there's no ability to just think on the on, on your feet. I mean, you know how many interviews anybody in the public eye has given.


And yeah, you gotta come up with new stories to keep things interesting because you don't want the same audience just hear the same stories over and over and over again. Of course there'll be some repetition, but like any person who like continues to lead an interesting life, like let's say if they become the vice president should have more than enough material. She either has a bad memory, doesn't stay in touch with like herself and her reactions to her life experiences, or she's just incredibly timid and thin. I think it's the last thin intellectually it's on, on display. And virtually ev every interview she gives, which is why she cannot possibly do something like Rogan. Whereas we discussed yesterday, Trump went from what's happening to the whales and the water because of the windmills.


There's some alliteration for you to what's happening in the UFC to do we have aliens to, how did you defeat ISIS to tell us about the White House enemy within all this, like everything, everything she, there's not a chance she could do it and she won't do it. Then she had this little diddy, this is on a different campaign stop where she went to Ann Arbor, Michigan and she's done this once before that I know of. We, we saw a clip of it last week and I was like, what is she doing? It failed miserably. And she's so clueless. She, she did it again like, you know, like a comedian. They'll try out a bit and if it fails then they eliminate it from their set.


Sometimes I'll make fun of Doug in front of like our friends and he'll give me a hard time and I'll say, what do you mean that's part of my bit? And then he'll tell me to eliminate it from my, from my act. Anyway, she doesn't understand when you get negative feedback, you should remove it from your bit. It didn't work. And man, oh man, it didn't work again in Ann Arbor, Michigan. Let's watch SOT nine. Okay, now I want each of you to shout your own name. Do that because it's about all of us.


It's about all of us. Nothing. What is she saying? They're shouting. Ka la comma. And then she says, now I want each of you to shout your name. So everybody's out there going Megyn. Steve said Debbie Cal. Like what? Why would she think that that would be, you could hear the crowd's confusion. There's just like kind of a pause. There's like murmuring, no one's doing it. They're like, what is she asking? She's so dumb. She's just not good with people at all. And there's no reason to think she's good without the people either. She doesn't seem to be particularly good behind the scenes either. While she was in Michigan, she went to a semiconductor plant and this moment reminded me of so many of the SATs we've seen of her sat is sound on tape.


It's short for, it's a soundbite where she tries to explain to us what outer spaces talk about school buses like this. Try to explain that Ukraine is a country that Kamala showed up at the semiconductor plant and the following happened Here is actually a harvested U rod where we actually do grow it. So this is what it looks like when it comes out from our process. Do not touch, do not please do not touch any of the problem. I'll touch very sharp. Yeah, very sharp and shiny.


With that being said, Oh God, it's shiny. It's a shiny, that's literally what you say when you're trying to mock somebody. Why would she do that to herself? It's shiny. Can I touch it? No, do not touch it. By the way, in her defense, where are her briefers? Like, you know, you think like her staff would say, Hey madam vice president, we're gonna go in there. You don't wanna look stupid. So like don't, don't touch any of the stuff. It could actually hurt you. What? She doesn't listen, this is a theme in her life. This is why half her staff left more, more. It was like 90% of her staff left in in the first term the Biden presidency because she didn't, she didn't do her homework. This is when the left wing press was still reporting on her. Honestly, she didn't do her homework then she would yell at everybody for her being unprepared.


Here she's again, I'll bet you they did tell her don't touch it. It can hurt you. Can I touch it? It's shiny. That's gonna be the person in charge of the nuclear football. I don't think so. I don't, I I don't think so. Okay, before we bring on Selena, I wanted to say another word about the mil mar appearance, which was very fun. I went out to LA on Friday and did his show and I appreciated him inviting me because it's a chance to speak to a new audience who probably doesn't watch this show and I think speaks some sense to them on items that they don't normally hear discussed. Bill, I appreciate, gave me the form to do it. And it, it was great.


We had some spicy moments and we had some things on which we agreed and I'm gonna show you a couple of soundbites on that. The thing about Bill is he's a non woke liberal, not leftist liberal, but he definitely has some serious hatred for Donald Trump. Some say he has TDS, he loathes the man. So he is kind of an interesting combination of things. And we got into it about Trump, you know, being a fascist and trump his economy. And I'll show you just a little bit of the latter in stock 25 Trump has incendiary rhetoric. There's no question, but we have four years to judge him by.


And the country was going pretty well when Trump was in there, unlike the four years we've had under these two. Well, I mean I could argue with that too actually. The, if, if, if, if, if Trump had this economy and I could go through all the stats, the stock market is through the roof wager are up all That size, it was under by, under Trump. Well first of all, Trump inherited somebody else's economy when he That's what, That's what Barack Obama would like us to do. Well, It's true. Okay. It's really on day one. Everything changed when Trump died. So Just walk me through it. So, so Trump has Obama to thank his economy. Okay? But Biden can't thank Trump for anything. Okay, Let's get off this 'cause it's not what I really wanna get to.


You see where I'm going with it, right? Like that's TDS right? That's what's happening there. And I get it. Bill and Trump have a very, very negative history between the two of them. And you know, a lot of people don't like Trump, but ideally when you're making a presidential decision, you can check, you know, your personal feelings about a guy and, and make a call. And I think Bill thinks he's doing that. Bill thinks I, he told me on air he thinks I will regret voting for Donald Trump and defending his quote fascism, which I told him, I don't think, I don't believe any of those charges. And I, I think the Democrats are the ones who are locking their enemies up. You know, so you think about it, it's like who, who called parents domestic terrorists because they stood up at their school board meetings to fight for their children to go to school at all.


Nevermind, not wearing masks. That was the Biden administration, right? Like who locked up? People who worked in the prior administration. That was the Biden administration. Speaking of Bannon and Navarro, like the only two people who, who have gone to prison for congressional contempt, they didn't put Eric Holder in jail. He did it. He did the same thing those guys did. They didn't put the current attorney general in jail. He did the same thing, right? And they, they only, that was the Biden administration who prosecuted multiple cases against their chief political rival. That was the Biden Harris administration. Donald Trump. I saw something in the Daily Mail the other day trying to fact check me on this thing.


That's not true. They did that the Biden administration wasn't behind Hello Daily Mail. They have two federal prosecutions against Donald Trump. Two 2D OJ investigations against him and then two state investigations against him. And the DOJ sent its number three official Matthew Colangelo to go run herd on the one that was happening in the state of New York. So don't tell me the Biden administration was not involved in any of these, alright? They brought in this outside counsel Jack Smith to go after Donald Trump so that he could have an heir of, I had nothing to do with it. Joe Biden did. But there were many reports about how he was aggravated on how he wanted it to go faster that Jack Smith was under pressure from the White House to put the pedal to the medal so they could get these things tried before the election.


There's plenty of evidence that shows his fingers or fingerprints are all over it. So that's this administration, not Trump. Trump did not do any of that. I don't believe this fascist claim. I'm sure this audience doesn't either, but it's everywhere. So t so Ma and I tussled about it when I was on the show. I think there's some of that in So 34, he Trump did strategic strikes that had people on their heels. They didn't know what he might do to them. And we did not have put invade Ukraine. That's what he might to us, that I'm a little more Worried. I I feel like what years of Trump Had four of Trump did not go after his political enemies with the Department of Justice, right?


That was Joe Biden and Kamala Harris. Well, we had four, we had Hitler in the thirties and things were okay and then we had Hitler in the forties. And it got way worse. Oh, I see. Just because we had him, He hit his Hitler the first four years. Well, And it is gonna come out and full forces. Well, Joe, he tried to do things like this. He tried to do dictatorial Joe fascist things. Joe Biden actually did, and he was stopped. Joe Biden has flouted the law when it comes to these, these student loan giveaway programs really you're talking about He's flouted the law, the law, Supreme Court opinions that told him he didn't have the right to do it. And he openly said, I will get around the Supreme Court. He did it with respect to rent abatement programs, the same exact thing. And then he and Kamala Harris unleashed this department of justice against their political enemy, Donald Trump, their number one chief rival for the presidency.


Okay, well we'll See. Is it funny because they did it we'll. We'll, we'll see. You wanna talk fascism? That's fascist. So the audience wasn't with me, but that's fine. I don't, I don't care. It was important that they hear it. And last but not least, bill and I got into the trans issue, and I think he and I are on exactly the same page when it comes to that issue. His audience, however, seemed unaware, watch we are chopping off the healthy body parts of young children without a 100% we are doing that. Well, we are definitely doing that Without any inquisition. That's that's what it is. So what I, what whats ing is about, I don't, I don't either pay attention because why I'm, I'm about to give you a truth bomb.


Now, Kids who are suffering from bullying or who have been sexually assaulted or who are going through normal puberty and feel uncomfortable in their bodies, who say to their parents, I'm not sure, maybe I'm gender confused, they will send them into a psychiatrist or psychologist who are told by our organizations, the American Psychiatry Association and all the others that run their licensing. You must affirm. Affirm is the only standard. And so the child gets told, you're right, you are secretly a boy or vice versa. And the child gets put on puberty blockers into cross-sex hormones, which sterilize a child and deprive the child of any chance of sexual pleasure for the rest of his or her life. We're talking about 9, 10, 11 year olds who cannot give informed consent.


Then they have body parts chopped off by a medical establishment and by parents who mean well, but believe in these doctors and they shouldn't. And when they inevitably get past the awkwardness of puberty or what have you, and they wanna turn around and detransition those who love bomb them on Reddit saying, come on in the water's fine, abandon them. They are depressed, they have changed their bodies forever in a way that is irreversible. And we are all sitting back saying it's a remote issue. As Kamala Harris said, it's not remote, it's the issue of our time both res with respect to children and women's rights. And I think Bill was in complete agreement with me on that.


And I think his audience maybe learned a thing or two. Some actually came up to me after the fact and said it was eyeopening. And I really hope that's true. And for that I thank Bill Maher because he does have a much different audience. I think it's obviously much more left-leaning, but I think he's got conservatives who watch him too. He's very funny. His jokes and his new rules are absolutely hilarious. He still wants to make you laugh irrespective of the, of your political differences with him, he's not in it for the applause. He really is in it for the laughs, which I appreciate. And after it was all said and done, we all went back to his green room where there's a bar and we had a drink and we talked and we laughed and we had a good time. And I appreciated the invitation and Bill's willingness to have conversations with people who disagree with him, with whom he disagrees.


It's one of the reasons why he's still an important voice, very important in our, in our American politics. So in any event, in case you missed it, wanted to give you the highlights and give my thanks to him. So we're gonna take a break. We're gonna be back with Selena Zito and we're gonna learn all things Pennsylvania and what you need to know about how it's going there. Looking there so far.


Am I Racist, that's the Daily Wires Box Office, hit comedy and the number one grossing documentary of the decade. Amazing. It's now available to stream exclusively on Daily Wire Plus from the same team that brought you the cultural phenomenon. What is a Woman Comes their next big Question, Am I Racist. In this hilarious and revealing film, Matt Walsh goes deep undercover, infiltrating the bizarre world of diversity, equity, and inclusion. He gets the most powerful figures in the race hustling establishment to say all the quiet parts out loud, exposing the absurdity of modern corporate and institutional diversity practices. And now you can witness the collapse of DEI from the comfort of your own home. But here's the catch, you can only watch Am I Racist with a Daily Wire plus membership. Don't miss out. Head to daily wire.com/subscribe and use the code DE I to get 35% off your new annual membership. That's daily wire.com/subscribe. Be sure to use the code DEI for 35% off your subscription Am I Racist Streaming now exclusively on Daily Wire plus


Autumn Leaves are so beautiful until they're clogging your gutters. Whether you are tired of unclogging gutters or don't even know what your gutters look like, it might be time for a permanent solution with Leaf Filter. Right now you can save up to 30% off your entire purchase@leaffilter.com slash Kelly. An investment in Leaf filter is an investment engineer to protect your whole home. Cloud. Gutters can cause extensive problems like flooding, roof damage, rotted siding, and foundation issues. Leaf Filter uses award-winning patented technology to keep out everything but water and they take care of everything from start to finish. Every installation comes with a free inspection estimate and lifetime guarantee. Protect your home and never clean out gutters again with Leaf Filter America's number one gutter protection system. Schedule your free inspection and get up to 30% off your entire purchase@leaffilter.com slash Kelly. That's a free inspection and up to 30% off at LEAF filter.com/kelly. See representative for warranty details.


The pandemic may have faded from the headlines, but for some reason the questions haven't. Was covid actually a natural disaster? What happens when the scientists tend the science are at odds? Who are we supposed to trust from Award-winning Director Jennifer first, check out his new documentary. Thank you Dr. Fauci. Available now. Go to t ydf movie.com to learn more.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details Apply


One week to go until election day. We're gonna take you to the epicenter. And that's Pennsylvania. It has 19 juicy electoral college votes, and it's where both the Trump and Harris campaigns have spent the most time and resources. Last night, former president Barack Obama was campaigning for Harris in Philadelphia and had yet another condescending message for men daring to vote for Donald Trump. And I've noticed this, especially with some men who seem to think Trump's behavior is somehow a sign of strength. You know, sort of the the macho, fake macho thing. And ma you know, I i's, I'm here to tell you that's not what real strength is.


It never has been real strengths about working hard, real strengths about taking responsibility. Real strength is about telling the truth even when it's inconvenient. Real strength is about being confident enough to treat everybody with dignity and respect. Real strength is about helping people who need it and standing up for those who can't always stand up for themselves. Hm. Joining us now to break down the latest in Pennsylvania is a woman who knows it very well.


She knows the politics there perhaps better than anyone. Washington Examiner's national political reporter, Selena Zito. Selena, great to have you back on. So how do you see things right now in Pennsylvania? Well, thanks for having me on, and I am so glad that you brought up Obama's appearance in Philadelphia. He had an appearance in Pittsburgh just a couple weeks ago with the same sort of condescending tone. And, and I just think people need to remember something important about my state in that in 2008, Barack Obama won my state handily. It was almost 11 percentage points, but by 2012, he, he went from aspirational and hope and change and kept the New Deal Coalition as part of his coalition.


He shed that coalition for the as the Ascending coalition and became very condescending, very mocking and, and sort of that same tone that you just heard in, in that speech. And he left 286,000 voters on the table. They just did not vote for him again in 2012. Didn't vote for Mitt Romney either. They just stayed home. And so I think it's a really big mistake to bring him in to Pennsylvania for the closing because it's such a negative a tone that he is sort of selling for the, for the final message.


So I, I just wanna make sure that I said that, but you know, in this state we, we've seen the polls. It's tied, it's tied, it's tied. However, I would give, I would rather be Donald Trump in these closing days than I would be with, with Harris. She has struggled to, in this state, she's not particularly a good fit for this state and And, it has showed in the events that she has had, which have been almost all invite only, there's not a real sense of what the enthusiasm is. And, and, and the message, you know, has been, has been not one that earns voters trust.


Right. The skepticism of her in Pennsylvania is her positions on a number, a number of things. And let's just, let's just focus on energy at this moment. Energy in natural gas industry, it's, it, it employs directly and indirectly a couple hundred thousand people. That's a lot of people. And if she keeps saying, oh, well I changed my mind on fracking. Well, if you changed your mind on fracking, then why have you not gone to President Biden and said, Hey, we kind of need to lift this ban we put on liquid natural gas because, you know, it creates instability and uncertainty in the industry.


It makes you skeptical as to what you're going to continue to do with the industry. It impacts the workers. But, it also impacts farmers. Farmers collect royalties for their leases on their land from gas wells. You are also impacting the farmer community. So it it, it impacts our two of our biggest industries in our state, which is agriculture and energy, which are intrinsically related. What's going on, Selena, with respect to, I mean, Pennsylvania last time changed its voting rules to allow all these mail-in balloting and then they allowed the mail-in ballots to be counted even if they arrived after election day, if they were postmarked after election day.


It was, there was so much stuff about Pennsylvania that still has Trump upset. Has any of that been cured, changed or just give us a view of the voting setup in Pennsylvania right now? So I believe that most of it has been cured and settled. That you have to have the, in fact, I think there's gonna be a Supreme Court ruling today, this afternoon on, on that whether you can accept a ballot that comes in that's not in its security second envelope that doesn't have a signature and or doesn't have the correct date on it. I think we'll know more about this this afternoon.


But, it seems to tend to be that you gotta stick within the rules with everything in this, in this, in this cycle. And Republicans have done an extraordinary job, not just in getting voters who have been reluctant about mail-in ballot balloting to participate, but also the amount of new registered Republicans in my state has been astounding. They're, they're now under 200,000 plus difference between the amount of registered Republicans to registered Democrats. That number used to be a million. So That's amazing.


Yeah, we, we had Scott Presler on the show who was talking about how he and others helped do that. Yes. All that legwork has been going into this race long before November 5th. You were talking about Trump's appeal versus Kamala's appeal to regular Pennsylvanians. It does occur to me that with the suburban women, you know, people you know who live kind of where my mother-in-law lives right outside of Philadelphia, she's doing better. But with the more working class, middle class Pennsylvanians Trump's got the Advantage. And John Federman, who's US senator from the state of Pennsylvania, the Commonwealth, he talked about Trump's strength in your state. Just the other day, this weekend, listen to soap 45, Everybody thought that Clinton was gonna just kill him.


And of course, no. And people thought that in 2020 Biden was gonna have like five, five points. And I'm like, no, this isn't gonna be a five point race here. And. it wasn't And, it was incredibly close. And that same thing has been replicated now, and the only thing that's changed is he's more popular even. And hey, you know, you have Elon Musk standing right next to him too. And so I'm not sure what else has changed, except if anything, Trump has become more capable to withstand whatever, you know, whether it was the trials or the assassination or all of those things.


But, but here he is. Hmm. Do you agree with that? Yeah, absolutely. You know, it's really interesting. Back in 2016, John and I had the same conversation. He was the mayor then of met Braddock. So now many people paid attention to his insights about, about the election, but he said the exact same thing to me in an interview in 2016. And, and he's not wrong. I would argue that Trump's support has grown. You know, it, it is interesting to me that this election cycle may be decided, and I've written about this by a cosmetologist, a welder, a fireman, some of someone with a small HVAC company, right?


As opposed to the educated elites in the cities of Pittsburgh and Philadelphia. And also caution to assume that suburban women are going to vote for Harris when a lot of suburban moms, I've had conversations with them, have really deep concerns about all this sort of gender that you were talking about with, with Mar and, and also biological males participating in Yeah, in their girls' sports. I was the mom of a, of a very good soccer player. And, and the goal was that, you know, if if her talents and her dedication continued, then she would maybe go to college And, it would help offset the cost for me as a single mom.


And so there was a lot of weekends that I didn't have because it was at a soccer to tournament. There was a lot of money that I could have used for something else that went into our equipment or hotels or traveling, whatever it may be. But you know, you talk to soccer moms privately or, or moms that of swimmers or whatever the case may be. If they're dedicating all this into their daughter being competitive with other girls and then have to go competitive with a biological male, their, their worldview is a lot different than people assume it would be, you know, And, it would be towards the Democrats.


Pennsylvania is, you know, the epicenter of this election and one of the controversies around the way you all vote in Pennsylvania is like many states, they allow the mail-in ballots, but they will not count any of them until election day the mail-in or the absentee ballots until election day. And so this is one of the reasons why many people believe Selena, we're not gonna know who won the election on next Tuesday because you don't have enough people to count, you know, the, the perhaps million, who knows how many ballots are gonna come through hundreds of thousands of envelopes that are sitting there in some bin.


So there's a lot of counties that have really gotten it right from the get go. And I would point to Allegheny County, they're, they have those mail-in ballots ready. The minute the polls close, they're done, they're counted, they immediately go online the other count. And each county does it differently. However, a lot of the other counties have now adopted the same system that Allegheny County has. And I suspect that the county will probably be waiting on forever will be Philadelphia because for some reason or another they never, they, they, they are challenged to, to do that efficiently. Maybe it'll be different this year. It's like Lucy, with the football, you, you're kind of hoping it will having Charlie Brown with the football, you, you hope that that, that that happens.


But you can see that in a lot of the sort of not big name counties where they've gotten their act together and and they are ready to have that done when the, when, when the polls closed the day Of makes you Yeah. Well that would be, that would be spectacular. They are saying as, you know, as goes Pennsylvania, we'll go this election. So as somebody who's been, I mean as close to this election as you can get, you were literally on the ground almost shot by a bullet at the Butler Pennsylvania rally with Trump. That was incredibly dramatic video, which we talked about before. What do you, what does your gut tell you is gonna happen?


I won't hold you to it. My gut tells me that I would rather be Trump than Harris at this moment. I think that the working class voter has moved from the Democratic party. It used to be part of the New Deal coalition. It is in the center. These are voters that also voted for John Fetterman and Josh Shapiro, but find that Harris's policies are to far left, but also she has not proven to them the competency that they expect from someone running for the presidency. And, and that that's really What about her ground game Selena is that's, you know, we hear about her v ground game and she just has more bodies getting people out to the polls and getting them registered and so on.


Well the Democrat, they didn't do a good job then because the Republicans out registered voters by a lot and the Republicans sort of have this ground game that no one's talking about. It's sort of done by, by non, not the RNC but by other entities. And I can tell you they're knocking on doors in my area all the time and you know, there, or my phone is getting pinged a thousand times a day. You cannot express to you how much, how difficult it is to live in the state of Pennsylvania in terms of if you wanna watch the Hallmark channel and all you see are political ads.


Yeah, you can't buy a space And it. It's all been sold to the campaigns. I have a ton of friends and relatives in Pennsylvania, they're all saying the same thing as you. Like, they can't wait for this to be over. They, they wanna just go vote early just so they can get the canvasers off their backs. Like I voted, leave me alone for the love of God. But avoiding the television commercials, that's, we haven't figured out that challenge other than go streaming. 'cause you're finding find a way around Selena. Thank you. Hopefully we'll talk to you more as as election night draws, draws close because it's all gonna come down to you guys. All the best. Yep. Sounds great. Thanks. And don't forget, we will be covering that election live right here on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one 11 and on youtube.com/ m Kelly.


You can follow all our coverage live with all your Megyn and Kelly show favorites. Why would you spend time with these mainstream media outlets that hate you? We would love to have you and it'll be a great and interesting night and you can trust us not to mislead you. We're back tomorrow with our friend Charlie Kirk. He's one of the guys that is making sure there's a ground game that works for Trump and he'll give us a look at how everything is going with early voting and his turning point ground game. Plus we will recap Tonight's big closing message from Kamala Harris. We didn't even get to that. The closing message is gonna be on the ellipse. Kamala Harris is there. She's gonna have some, they said she had up her permit request from 20,000 to 40,000 attendees.


One thing I will tell you, whether it's on Trump's side or her side, and you've heard this before, I assume do not read into crowd sizes for anything, for anything. Even if you think Joe Biden really lost in 2020, his crowd size had like eight people at them, half the country at at least, you know, 75 million people voted for Joe Biden. And I remember those MIT Rom Romney crowd sizes in 2020. They were stunning. He lost. So don't read too much into it. We will watch however, what she says and have full analysis of it for you tomorrow I predict we will be hearing about aspirations and ambitions. See you then.


Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


We all have our own behind the wheel persona. Are you a Windows down sing along to your favorite song seat, lean back kind of driver. Or perhaps an AC blasting podcast on hugging the wheel kind of driver. However you move through life. Atlantic Union Bank is on board 'cause we agree things should be done your way. Especially banking work with someone you trust who's there when you need them. For all the ways you bank. Call schedule a video appointment or make a pit stop at an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more. Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank,


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at be MGM The Sports Book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.