
Nearly 1000. That's how many price hikes Big pharma imposed on brand name drugs in just two months. This year. Raising prices on drugs for serious conditions like HIV diabetes, heart disease, and cancer. And just like in previous years, big pharma's price hikes once again, outpaced inflation. Tell Congress Big pharma sets the price and their patent abuse enables egregious price hikes. Hold big pharma accountable. Pass corn and Blumenthal paid for by C-S-R-X-P.


Introducing Instagram Teen Accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow, like making sure they've got the right gear for writing knee pads, check and helmet done. See you dad. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. I hope you and your family had a great Thanksgiving. Today we are bringing you part two of my lengthy conversation with Robert F Kennedy Jr. It took place back in March of 2022 when he was deep platform from nearly everywhere. In. this part of the discussion we get into COVID tech censorship, his wife Cheryl Hines, the assassination of his father and his uncle growing up a Kennedy and so much more.


I actually think personally I enjoy this half even more than the first half. I think you will too. You get to know him in a very different way. Please take a listen, enjoy it, and we'll see you again live on Monday.


You might have heard about this new brand called XX. XY Athletics. This is the only athletic brand that is standing up for women's sports. And while we have had some recent wins in this area, we need to keep up the fight. This was founded by former elite gymnast and Levi's executive. Jennifer say she's been on on our show many times. You know her. She was the first gymnast to speak out about the abuse in women's gymnastics. Then she had the good sentence to push back on the covid nonsense to fight to open schools, which they found horrifying over at Levi's, so on them. And now she's putting that courage to good use to fight back against the trans insanity by starting her own athletic clothing brand XX XY Athletics has boldly taken a stand. So why would you buy from others that are selling women out XX XY? Athletics makes everything from super soft, comfy sweats to performance wear, including leggings, bike shorts, and other workout gear for men and women. You know the men need to weigh in here too, because real men stand up for real women and girls. Check 'em out@thetruthfits.com or just Go to XX dash XY Athletics dot com. It's time to buy brands that align with our values. Use the Code MK 20 to get yourself 20% off your first purchase. XX dash XY Athletics. It is the only athletic brand that actually knows what a woman is. Go to the truth fits.com. And don't forget the Code MK 20.


What do you think about the censorship you've en endured? Oh, that, I mean to me, Megan, that's the most disturbing feature of this You know this kind of bewildering response to covid that we've seen. I You know, first of all, I wanna say this, that I'm, I'm accused of, of promoting vaccine misinformation, but nobody, not Instagram, not the White House, not anybody else is actually identified a statement that I've made that is incorrect. There were no statements on Instagram. I didn't even say that You know the, the virus came from Wuhan.


I just said it should be investigated because it would be weird if the guy was financing those experiments and may have created the virus is now running the pandemic response. And so these questions should be asked. I didn't say it would happen because I couldn't at that point, I have not made any inaccurate statements as far as I know. If I did make one and it was identified, I would immediately apologize and withdraw the Instagram. Facebook acknowledges that it uses the term vaccine misinformation as a euphemism for any statement or assertion that departs from government proclamations, whether they're factually true or not.


So my crime was criticizing government policies, not, it was not passing actual misinformation. And that's a problem for a government. You know Adams and Madison and Jefferson said, we put freedom of speech in the First Amendment because all the other rights are dependent on that. Right? And if a government can, can silence criticism, it has a license to commit any atrocity. And that's why it's You know, when I was young, I supported the A CLU and others who were supporting the right of Nazis to march in Skokie, Illinois.


Not because I You know I was, I was repulsed by their ideology and by their statements and horrified by them. But You know at the same time, we need to be able to, to be willing to die, to protect their right to say those things. And that's You know what they understood of our ancestors and the, and the American Revolution. And that's what generations of writers, of, of politicians, of respected leaders have warned against any government that tries to limit speech. And now it is very strange. We're living in this world where it's become You know it's become okay.


In my political party, I saw a Gallup poll recently. It was either Gallup or Asus. And that said that something like a 70% of Democrats support government restricting the speech and You know it is almost inexplicable, inexplicable to me that that, that we could be in that place right now. I believe my political party was a party that would Go to the mat, to, to You know, to protect people's right to say what they want. And that's so critical for our democracy. And You know it also is critical of public health.


Listen, I may be wrong about the things that I talk about, but You know. Why can't we debate them? Why can't we hear these discussions? Absolutely. About masks. About masks, okay. That You know, I've sued agencies for 40 years for failing to go through a regulatory process that, that have an environmental impact where it explains where, which has to explain the scientific basis for new regulations or actions, show the studies, and then do a cost benefit analysis. None of that happened. It was You know, we just suspended democracy. We suspended due process.


And once they got rid of freedom of speech, they went after all the other, they closed a million churches, all the churches in this country for a year with no public hearing, no discussion of the science, no offering of You know a a single scientific study to justify it. They, they shut down a million businesses with no, no due process, no just compensation, a direct violation of our constitution. They got rid of Seventh Amendment jury trials against any company that says that they're involved in providing the countermeasure. If there's a vaccine company and you get injured, you have no rights to compensation.


No matter how grievous your injury, no matter how reckless their conduct, no matter how negligent their conduct, you cannot sue that company. And then You know they got rid of the prohibitions against warrantless search and seizures with all this track and trace surveillance that we now have to give our private information and our private medical records to people to get into a bar, to get on an airplane or whatever. And You know there is no pandemic exception in the U US Constitution. And by the way, it's not because they didn't know about pandemics, because there was a smallpox epidemic during the revolution that paralyzed Washington's army of New England for a couple of months.


And there was another malaria epidemic that happened to the army of Virginia. So they knew very well what epidemics could do. And yet they did not say that this document is suspended, these rights are suspended whenever there is an epidemic. And they You know. The disturbing part of this response was that it did not seem to be a public health response at all. It was a militarized and monetized response. We, we did things the opposite of what you would do if you wanted to do, stop a pandemic and ask yourself, And I You know. I would ask any of my fellow Democrats who are supporting Tony Fauci, what his record is the worst record of any record of any country in the world.


Arguably, we had 4.2% of the global population here in the United States. And, I think we had something like 17 or 18% of the global covid deaths. The, the, the death rate in America was in the top 10 in the world. So we had 2,800 people per million population died. The African nations had an average of about 200. Oh, Nigeria had 15 people per million population in these countries, which Tony Fauci and Bill Gates at the beginning of the PA Pandemic said, Africa's gonna get wiped out.


They need to get them all vaccines. Nigeria has a vaccination rate of 1.5 or one vaccine, 1.5%. Wow. And they had a covid death rate that was about one 1500th of our covid death rate. Wow. And they You know there's reasons Megan, for there, there's, there's reasons for that, for non-medical. One is that African countries have younger populations and Covid was a, a disease that killed elderly people. But that doesn't explain it anywhere near these huge disproportions.


One of the things that could explain it is that co that Nigeria has the highest malaria burden in the world. Oh, 27% of malaria cases globally come from that country. So everybody in the country is on hydroxychloroquine. It also has the highest burden of river blindness. A a large part of the population is on Ivermectin. Is that what explains the You know the, this incredible record against Covid? Well, we don't know, but shouldn't we be asking that question? Isn't that the first thing Tony Fauci should be telling is saying, why is there this huge delta between Covid death rates and all these different countries and the countries that did worse are the ones that focus on the vaccines, the Countries.


And, and the fact it's not just Fauci as you, as you well know, big tech has been completely supportive of this shutdown. You can't even just hearing you talk about hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin since just a little piece of my spine up like, oh Lord, this is You know YouTube. This is where they're gonna jump in and try to censor us. Nothing should be censored here. This is a discussion about whether they work. Should we have discussions about, more discussions about, about that fact? But that's, that's what they've done to us. Because they'll take away your platform as you well know. You can't even talk about it. They've jumped in on the silencing of discussion and they're the ones who control the public information highway. So it's really damaging.


I I'm in news and to this day, I don't know what the truth is on ivermectin and hydroxychloroquine. And even talking about it makes even me feel like it's, it's insane. It's un-American. That's right. And You know. I I would I completely And I. I can be wrong about anything. Let's have the debate. Let's have the discussion. You know that our democracy is based upon the free flow of information with good notions and good ideas and good arguments triumphing in the marketplace of ideas. And none of that stuff is happening. And as you point out, You know, we need to ask ourself, bono, who is benefiting from this?


Clearly the pharmaceutical companies and also the big tech platforms are, and they You know there has been, this has been a war against the poor. If you look at You know black neighborhoods, Compton, Harlem had two or three times the death rates as Bel Air or Greenwich and You know you had the, the schools closed in those neighborhoods. According to the Brown University study, children lost 22 IQ points during young children during the pandemic. So, and You know. And there the mental illness went off the roof. I think 51% of black children had suicidal ideation.


You had the police go into those neighborhoods and close down the You know the basketball courts, public Parks. Yep. And and who benefited from all of this? It was the, the You know the internet platforms. It was Jeff Zuckerberg, bill Gates, mark Zuckerberg, Serge, Sergey Bran, Larry Ellison, Jeff Bezos, et cetera. These, there's an, there was a transfer of wealth, the biggest in history, arguably $3.8 trillion from the global poor and from working people to this new class of oli a billionaires.


And the same people who were benefiting were the ones who now control our communications of Facebook and all these platforms. And they were using their control to suppress and to censor any criticism of the government lockdowns that were making them even richer. And there's something really wrong with that. And the government was allied with them and telling them what to censor and whatnot. Yeah. We have correspondence between Zuckerberg and Tony Fauci telling him about censoring people like me. Oh, it's not You know And I Again, I, there's nothing I'd like more than to debate Tony Fauci or any of these people.


Oh, I'd buy a ticket to that. What? I would buy a ticket to that. Listen, I, it's not just suppression. That's what's scary. It's also demonization. Ostracization. It's smearing. Right. And we've seen in the Fauci papers that have been collected by places like The Intercept, that's his mo that they, that's, they intentionally smeared several scientists and so on who weren't following the Fauci line. They've definitely smeared you and some of the doctors that you just mentioned and tried to create this You know they're freaks. They're, they're disinformation is You know. That's, that's by design. They don't want people listening to you. And I. I, I wonder, I was thinking about it because You know the the Freedom rally that you went to that was anti-man.


And I'm anti-man too. I am pro-vaccine for the, for the record. You probably gathered that. So Am I, am I? Yeah, but I really am. But I like the, I liked the, I loved the anti mandate rally. And those who organized And I thought it was great. So you got in trouble when you were there. You, I mean, I got your overall point. People get upset when you compare anything to the Holocaust, but you were basically saying, I don't know, I have it in front of me, just so, so I don't get it wrong. But it was even in Hitler's Germany, you could cross the Alps into Switzerland. You could hide in the attic like Anne Frank did today. Today the mechanisms are being put in place that will make it so none of us can run. None of us can hide.


Well, all hell rained down on you. I mean, when the Auschwitz memorial is responding to you on Twitter, You know you've stepped in it. They came out and said it was, it's a sad symptom of moral and intellectual decay. So those people don't like you, and some of them don't like you for political reasons, but what did you make of your wife, Cheryl Hines, who by the way, did not realize you were married to the wonderful Cheryl Hines of Curb Your enthusiasm. She came out, she gave it to you too. She gave it to you right between the eyes and said his we should not be compar comparing the Holocaust to anything or anyone. His opinions are not a reflection of my own. And his reference to Anne Frank was reprehensible and insensitive. So I know you said you were sorry for that comment, but what did you make of it?


Yeah. Well let me, let me get the, my wife in a minute and just make a couple of comments on that. Sure. Number one, I regret making that analogy. Number two, I was not comparing Covid policies to the Holocaust. I never mentioned the Holocaust. I was making a point, I I was comparing a number of totalitarian regimes, left wing and right wing. So in that same, I think year earlier in that sense, or later, I talked about each, the communist regime of East Germany. And that all of these totalitarian regimes have similar features and similar intentions, which is to control every aspect of human behavior.


And my point is that none of them had been able to do that in history. That, that today. However, because of these new technologies, technologies like 5G, which allows a mass harvest of data and these very, very intense surveillance satellites, 415,000 satellite low altitude satellites that are gonna be able to look at every square inch of the earth everyday facial recognition systems. We now have these AI systems that can look through walls and see people where they're hiding in buildings. We have vaccine passports, which is a, a, a way of social control digital currencies.


We saw what they did to the truckers in, in Canada where they closed their bank accounts and You know denied the money. There's all these new instrumentalities that make the, the rising, the emergence of total, what I call turnkey totalitarianism, where they, they're putting in place all of these instrumentalities now, or they're, they're, they are getting put in place. Let me use the passive voice and it's gonna give people who have those kind of an ambi ambitions, a level of control over every aspect of our lives and makes descent and resistance almost impossible. That's the point I was gonna make.


I made a big mistake by making any reference to Nazi Germany because of the sensitivities and because I know that what I say is gonna be distorted Yeah. By people wanna silence me. Yeah. And that You know, I need to understand that And I need to be careful in what I say because there are people who have sensitivities about that epic in history, that are legitimate, that are You know, that are horrific. So And I You know, I apologize because I don't wanna hurt anybody. I have no You know desire to hurt anybody.


I would say this And I do think that we need to find ways to be able to talk about our history. Because if we can't talk about You know the, and that the history of the Rise of Third did not begin with death camps. Death camps didn't come until 1941. There was system of totalitarian controls that were put in place and there were alchemies of de that were used that are common to all totalitarian systems over that 12 year period in which certain groups of people, in particularly Jews and polls and gypsies, aroma people, et cetera, were systematically dehumanized and robbed of their rights.


And, but it was a 12 year process. And we need to, at some, at some time, we need to figure out ways able to talk about that process without offending people. Because That's what, that's what Gina Carrano got fired from a, b, c or from Disney Yeah. For, for trying to talk about. That's it's Very tricky area. And I should have known better to stay the hell away from it because it, it's just, there's no winning for me. People cannot hear my words. They're gonna hear from their feelings and their hearts and they're entitled to those feelings. Yes. But You know when your spouse is on the side of the, the other people You know you've done wrong.


Right. 'cause your spouse is rooting for you. I wanna say this, I You know, I encourage Cheryl to publish that statement. In fact, I asked her to do a statement that was much tougher than that. Really? Which, yes, because, and I'm glad she didn't. I'm very glad she didn't. But I actually gave her language that was much, much higher than that because she needed to distance herself from me. I, my job as her husband is to protect her. And the, the arrows and the bullets that were being slung at me were hitting her. Mm.


She was You know, getting tremendous blowback of her friends from her industry, from others. And it was, it was a terrible experience for me. And I, she You know, by the way, what she said she believed. So she wasn't saying something You know. She is, she does not accept all of the things that You know that I believe she about, about what's happening with the vaccines in the medical depart. Now we don't have Her. Yeah, you don't speak for her. Yeah. I got it. Yeah. I I don't need to convert her.


And I don't need her to You know to be, I I I don't want her to. She started reading my book. She read all my other books and she started reading that book and she got on Fauci and she had just made her depressed to read that You know she has an idealism and, and a and just a gentle art. And to read You know about these injuries to children and to read the government officials that are charged with protecting our health or compromise and corruption. It just, it it was, it was, it was making her soul with her.


And I said to her, you guys, you kidding? You don't have to read that book and you should stop reading it. Because let me just tell you something about, about Cheryl. She, she is literally the best human being that I've ever met. And when I You know, I met her through Larry David and Larry brought her, who was my friend, and Larry brought her in 2002 to go skiing at a ski event I did up in band in British Columbia. She was married then. And I was married then. And then she came back in 2011 and both of us were separated.


And I You know, got a crush on her on that weekend. So I knew I wanted to date her. And I went. But I also knew that You know, I went to basically to ask Larry's permission, because Larry has a lot of rules that You know are not written down anywhere. But a lot of men understand them. And one of them was, I know that even though it was his TV wife, they knew that it was I And I needed to get You know Square with him before I might have been crossing a boundary. I got it. Exactly. So I went and met him at the Carlisle Hotel around 11 o'clock at night. I went up to his room and sat down with him.


And I had, it was like asking her parents to date, although You know he's my age, And I And I said, what do you think of that? And he said, he said, she is the best person human being I've ever met. Oh. And he said, she's the only person in this industry that is universally beloved. She doesn't have a single enemy and she has a level of professionalism. She's never late for an appointment. She always knows her line. She does what she's supposed to do. And she's really You know. Cheryl came from total poverty in, she was born in North Florida. Her father lived in a trailer in Frost Roof, Florida.


Cheryl slept in the same bed with her mother till she left high school. And she came out, she paid for her wrong way through college. She put her way through waitressing and working as a, a joke teller on a telephone line. And then she came out here in a You know Toyota Tur cell with a hundred thousand miles on it and worked for 15 years as a, as a bartender and as a personal assistant before she finally got a break, which You know she was working at the ground lengths and doing improv. But she didn't get a break in the industry until she got that job at Gerber Enthusiasm where they were looking for somebody who is not, not an actress and You know.


Then her career took off and she directs films and she has an incredible career that she put together single handedly. And the idea that my activities to be jeopardizing this thing that this incredible person put together was just like, I felt like my job is to protect her. And I was doing the opposite of my job. So my heart was breaking And I was You know I would've done, had taken any blow to make sure that she could distance herself from You know.


Yes, My grandpa You know my, my parents were all really good friends with leading figures at the time who had been terrible enemies of my grandfather. And my grandfather used to always say, I don't want my enemies to be my children's enemies. They can pick their own fights, but they don't need to fight mine. And I don't want them to And I feel that way about my family too. You know. I chose this life. I chose this You know crusade. And I. They need to figure out their own way. My children and other members of my family have other things to do. They're all doing valuable stuff. And I'm not insisting that they read my book.


If you, this issue is so hard to learn. You know I've been litigating it. I've written a book after book about it Coming up. Robert talks about his uncle and his father's battles with the FBI and the CIA And I. Also ask him if he still considers himself a Democrat after all the backlash he's taken from his side,


Looking for the perfect gift or maybe just a treat for yourself. Firecracker Farm Hot Salt is an awesome gift, beautifully packaged and unlike anything else out there. It's so unique, right? And it's tasty and handcrafted. This is perfect for anyone who loves bold flavors. It's not your typical salt. Each stainless steel push grinder is packed with amazing flavor. It's available in heat levels from mild. That would be me to Wow. That could be you. So there's something for everyone. Every sprinkle brings out incredible flavor without overpowering your dish. Firecracker Farm Hot salt is made with love by a small family business. Plus a percentage of every sale goes to support charities Operation 300 and the Pipe Hitter Foundation. But here's the thing, firecracker is a small operation so they can only make so much at a time, especially during the holidays, there's always a chance that they're gonna run out. So get it while you can. It's the perfect gift. But don't wait too long or you might miss out. Firecracker Farm, hot salt, handcrafted, flavorful and unforgettable. Get yours today at Firecracker Farm dot com.


Nearly 1000. That's how many price hikes Big Pharma imposed on brand name drugs in just two months this year. Raising prices on drugs for serious conditions like HIV diabetes, heart disease, and cancer. And just like in previous years, big Pharma's price hikes once again, outpaced inflation. Tell Congress, big pharma sets the price and their patent abuse enables egregious price hikes. Hold big pharma accountable. Pass Corn and Blumenthal paid for by C-S-R-X-P.


Introducing Instagram Teen Accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they've got the right gear for riding knee pads. Check and helmet. Done. See you dad. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see.


Now, trust me, I I'm a lawyer and a journalist and it, it took me a lot just to come up with Yeah. You know, like, where, where am I gonna challenge him and what You know, what are some sort of points? I mean, me, Megan, I wanna tell you You know how impressed I am because you're very brave to have me on. Because you saw what they did to Joe Rogan for having, for having the Dr. Malone on. Yeah. And I'm the only worst person, Dr. Malone. So You know they tried to destroy Joe Rogan, who's got 40 million followers. I know. And Joe Rogan wouldn't put me on. Joe Rogan wanted to put me on it. He won't put me on. Be And he has good reason for it because they'll You know the, the what you face if you allow me to talk is, is and and you've pushed back at me appropriately.


You And I You know you've made good points on this show. You've done You know you're tough and you're smart, but you also, you have a lot of courage to You know to even allow me to talk. I've never been able, allowed to talk like this on a, on a major platform except You know Tucker Carlson. Yep. Yep. A friend of mine too. And thank you for saying that. I I was really looking forward to it. And I have to say, the more they try to suppress someone like you or Dr. Malone, the the more I wanna do it You know that I've always been that person. It and I'm thrilled. I'm thrilled you're here. And I should tell the audience. Of course nothing was off limits. You, you're not that guy, but you were like, I'll stay as long as you want.


We can go, we can talk about anything. 'cause you're not afraid of pushback. Unlike these censors who only wanna air one side of the story. I've said this before, You know as a lawyer, And I know as a lawyer of 10 years before I got into journalism, if you only, if you go into a courtroom and you only present one side, you're gonna win. It's very easy to win when you only have the one side talking, you can persuade even the least gullible of jurors to come over to your side. But that's what they're doing. They're just shutting down one side and then declaring it a victory. And they had, they haven't won the hearts and minds. That's why there's so many skeptics still out there. And that's why your book is in its 12th printing. Even though no one will give it any promo, it's not gonna be reviewed by the Times and celebrated in the magazines and You know all over the newspapers.


But the people have a have a way The Times. And The Washington Post did just did a big profile piece on me and neither of them even mentioned the name of the book. Oh my gosh. That's how like radioactive it is. How so, Wait, let, lemme ask you this. Did, did everything die down for Cheryl? Like everything was fine with her and her industry and show and all that after that? I think so. And You know. I hope so. She was nervous about me doing this show. I can tell you that. Oh, She's gonna like it when after she listens to it, she's gonna approve. I'll just tell you and other thing because I brought her so much heartache on that other thing that I I wanna say this about her.


That You know you mentioned my, my wife that I've been through a real tragedy with Yeah. In my former marriage. And we You know I have six kids and then a stepchild with a Cheryl, but they You know that was a, obviously anybody that lives this can imagine how tough that was for them. And Cheryl coming into my life and becoming a friend, my kids adore her and she has these extraordinary values. She has just a natural gift for understanding what you should do in any situation.


She has more wisdom than I know of in any person that the word, the word wisdom means a knowledge of God's will. And she has this acute sense of what's right and wrong in every situation. And she shared that with my children and just been a loving, loving friend to all of them. And You know my kids are all in incre, are flourishing now and they're healthy and they're, they're all doing well in careers in school and athletics, et cetera. And a lot of that is because the strength and the stability that she brought to my life.


So You know that I wanted to explain that because that You know is why I would do anything to spare her. That kind of pain. Well, I mean we, we'll have to reign down hell on anybody who tries to mess with her for her husband's opinions. You're well researched, you're a lawyer, you've devoted your life to this. Of course you have strong opinions. You know. I was thinking about it though because you talk about, I'm brave for having you on, you're brave for staying on this after so much public shaming, You know, know on, on all the fronts that we've discussed. And it to me, in studying up on you and your family before the interview, I guess I, I thought to myself I shouldn't be surprised because one thing I knew even going into it but then was confirmed by everything I've read you say about your family is your risk takers.


And not by accident, I mean it's probably in your DNA as well, but it was encouraged, right? From an early age, you, you write about how your dad may be too much. So You know you'd get threats to the family and of course given the way he died, and of course we all look at it differently now, but even prior to that, there'd be death threats. There'd be something and You know, he was like, we're fine. You know we don't need security and we're gonna take risks and we're Kennedys. And even the day, was it, you tell me, I'm trying to remember the story, but it was, there was a death threat and or maybe it was when JFK was was shot, but he didn't want you to leave school because he wanted you to be a good little soldier and not panic the other children.


That was During that Cuban Missile crisis. Oh, Cuban Missile Crisis. Okay. Yes. Marshalls came to our house. My brother Joe And I were You know. I think there were probably other kids and how people may know that we, there's 11 kids in my family, but Joe And I were kind of the older boys and we were home. And the U US Marshals came by and they wanted to take our whole family down to these, to this You know underground city that they have down in the Blue Ridge Mountains where they, they have literally, they've followed out the Blue Ridge and they have, they have a, a whole city there for the government to hide in when You know when the bombs were raining down during nuclear winter and You know the, and so we were very, very excited.


You know, we just, we wanted to see the joint and, and to go there and, but my father called us and he got us, the two of us on the phone on different lines. And he said, if you children leave, people are going to recognize that in Washington and it's gonna cause people to panic. And you need to go, you need to Go to school. You need to show, you need to show that You know everything has come and be good soldiers. And so, I mean, I, and he also said that if there is a nuclear war, it will be better to be dead than to be alive.


Now I did not go along with that. I felt like I would thrive in that situation. And I. I really wanted to see the place. But we did what he asked us to do. You know the story. This is from your book, American Values another thing that that, that the audience should buy. But my, one of my favorite stories from that book is your, of course your father was Attorney General under President Jack Kennedy. And you write about how when you were little, there was a red button on his desk that would go directly to the head of the FBIJ Edgar Hoover, who is just a crazed guy. I mean that the stories about him and your book are great too. And you had some fun when you were a little one with that red button.


It was enjoyable for you. Do you, do you remember this story from your book? My father had a unique relationship with Hoover. Hoover hated my father. And after my uncle died, he never spoke to him like that. And he reported directly to Johnson even though my father continued as Attorney General, my father was an ostensible boss, but he, he had never reported to an Attorney General in history. He had always had direct access to the President of the United States. And he hated that my father made him go through him. Not only that, my father put a red button, the, the FBI was in an adjoining building. They were actually linked by a bridge and they were linked by a tunnel, which we used to go through.


We would Go to the shooting range, the FBI shooting range. And sometimes we'd Go to Hoover's office. He caught me in his office one day trying to catch the goldfish in his, in his fish tank. He was very angry. But You're lucky you still have your hand. Yeah, my father had a button on the desk that he could summon Hoover. And one day we were in there and we were, me and my two of my siblings were mischievously pressing that button. And he came up very angry, which he should have been. It's amazing to think of you doing that.


The other maybe not unrelated story was of the red phone that President Kennedy had installed so he could reach the, the You know Soviets immediately and he had one of course in the Oval Office, but he had another one at your house where you were raised in just outside of DC in Virginia, which was sort of like a satellite white house for him. And this is crazy. I I apparently it's still there, like your brother owns the house. Like we could go see it. There was one in the Cape, which isn't my brother's the cape now my brother's house, which for one year was the summer White House and the wires are still going to the through the door. But what happened was, could You call now, could you pick that up and just, I dunno, have a direct copy If, I don't even know if they use landlines in the Kremlin anymore.


I have no idea how it works. But nobody's tried it for years. Very useful. But my, my uncle had this very interesting relationship, which people don't know about with Khrushchev because my uncle didn't trust his CIA. He, in fact, after the Bay of Pigs invasion, which was You know, early in his presidency, two months into his presidency, he realized that CIA had lied to him. That they wanted to precipitate a nuclear war. And that they had lied to him about the prospects of, they knew that the invasion was gonna, and they believe that he would be forced sending in the, was the aircraft carrier and You know and bombing Castro and doing a US invasion.


My uncle was absolutely against doing that. And when he, when he came out of the ex of the meeting the next morning, he said to his aides, I wanna take the CIA and shatter them into a million pieces and scatter them to the wind. He had this very hostile relationship with the agency in my book, American Values is about this mother hostile relationship between the Kennedys and the CIA actually began 10 years before when my aunt, my grandfather picked a fight with Les by, by, he was on a commission that recommended the, the abolition of the clandestine services because they were causing trouble on blowback all over the world.


My book is about the 60 year battle between my family and the CIA. And my uncle had this very awesome relationship with his joint chiefs and with the CIA, he had been a soldier himself. He didn't trust the army for starters, the army brass. And he You know he was mistrustful of them and he believed they wanted to make him Go to war. And he said the primary job of every, every president of the United States, the number one job is to keep the nation outta war. That's what he said. What kind of a peace do I mean? And what kind of a peace do we seek? Not a pax Americana enforced on the world by American weapons of war, not the peace of the grave or the security of the slave.


I'm talking about genuine peace, the kind of peace that makes life on earth worth living. They have the kind that enables men and nations to grow and to hope and build a better life for their children. Not mely peace for Americans, but peace for all men and women. Not mely peace in our time, but peace in all time. And he wanted on his gravestone, he wanted, he, when he was asked what would be the pathetic, he said he kept the piece that that should be what was printed on his gravestone. So he, he found, he began writing khrushchev directly after the, the summit in Vienna failed.


And they exchanged these 26 handwritten letters back and forth from each other that are incredibly intimate and caring and You know, show this extreme. Both of the leaders were surrounded by warhawks who considered nuclear war, not just inevitable, but also advisable, preferable. And both of them were struggling against their own military industrial complexes to keep their nations outta war. And they developed this very close relationship with each other where they talked this intimate details about their families, their children, about us in these letters.


And they were smuggled between them by a KGB spy, whose name was Georgie Koy, who developed a very strong relationship with my father, a friendship with my father and mother. And we loved him as a kid. We knew he was a spy. He would, he was at this compact little but very strong Russian who could do the Cossack dancing and he could climb the ropes in our backyard. And one of the three times that my father got mad at, at my mom in her life was when she made him do a pushup contest against ge bullshit. I, he struggled these letters in the New York Times fold in between the two men and at the same time.


And that prompted my uncle to put in a direct line to, to CIA so that he could and run his state army and run the spies and run the Pentagon. And the two men could talk directly. And those phones were in three places in Alan where I lived in Ana sport at the summer White House where we all played and in the White House and You know it was extraordinary. It's, it would be like Biden having a direct line to Putin and being able to talk with each other rather than talk through these You know official apparatus, which oftentimes has agendas that are contrary to the best interest of our conscientious.


I Mean I only wish we felt that was the case with Putin now. Right. It seems like it's him and not his complex given the amount of his power over there. But yeah, your, your uncle, I love how you just call him your uncle, the, the president of the United States, John F. Kennedy. He came by those positions. Honestly. 'cause I read in your book you write that you, your grandpa, his dad Joe Kennedy, that his pre-war sentiment, this is before World War ii, was that America should avoid foreign entanglements and you write, but World War II had thrust leadership upon us. But you say Jack Kennedy was determined ultimately that our role as an exemplary nation should be just that leadership by example.


We should perfect our union and model democracy for the nations of the world, not force it upon them. Boy oh boy. I've been wondering when I would read the these words, what do you think your uncle would make of what's happening right now with Ukraine and what we should do about it? Well, I don't ever speak for my Uncle You know in terms of what he would do on specific policies. I And I think that You know other members of my family in respect to all of us also avoid doing that. But You know what I listen, Megan, what I think is that we went to the war in Iraq, Iraq in, in 2002, 2003.


And it turned out to be, and there was this hysteria that Autum Hussein was a monster we had to get him at, et cetera. But there was no real explanation about what the U us interest in it was. And he had nothing to do with nine 11, although we were made to think he did, he had nothing to do with the anthrax attacks, although we were made to think he did. And there was no, there was a uniformity, kind of a propaganda wall that infected all the news organizations. Yeah, well we used to call the Yellow Press And I think it's really important when we have national policies like this that we look at the nuance and that we allow other voices on the, on the, on TV and on the radio and on in our newspapers.


And the Ukraine is an extremely complex geopolitically and historically and in ways that Americans today are missing completely. And the people that we are pretending that we are now saying we need to help our, some You know, we know about the, these, these very extremist views that are in the a off battalion, et cetera, that we need to understand And I. Just think that we should not rush into something without debate, without a real debate, without locking out alternative voices and about really understanding what the U us objectives are and what's best for the world.


Yeah. Coming up Kennedy on how he tries to raise strong-minded, tough, resilient kids. Well, and, and people should listen to you because you've been advising important people like presidents for a long time. We pulled a picture of you sitting next to President Kennedy on the airplane and you tell me what this little boy in these cute little gray shorts is telling the president of the United States what's going on. That Picture on the airplane is coming back from the convention in Los Angeles in 1960.


And You know he had just been named Democratic candidate President. He was not yet president. He was still the United States Senator. And if you read, is there an inscription on the bottom of It? There there is. I'm trying to read it here. He said, Say to me, saying a president gets his advice from You know many From many sources. Something like that. Yeah. Yeah. It's so great. You were adorable by the way. Do you remember like, were you, do you remember when he won the presidency? 'cause you're, you're young, but you're, oh yeah. You remember that moment? Of course, Of course. That was You know. I mean, we all worked in the campaign. I was out in Los Angeles for the convention and my parents were really good about involving us in everything.


And You know we had sit down dinners every night with all the kids. And we talked about politics. They talked about current events we had from when we were really little. We had to read the papers every day and write down three current events every day in a journal. I like that. And we had to then give talks on the weekends at dinner. Each one of us did a short talk on political or did, did a poem or something. All 11 of you. Well, You know my, the family grew slowly. They, they didn't have 11 kids all at once. So It's good. You're like, come on, keep it quick. There were seven of us and some of them were young, but the older kids were expected to You know do these things.


And the younger ones gradually didn't You know the thing about my mother, And I had I talk about this kind of very tense relationship that I particularly had with my mother for yeah, You know the first couple decades of my life. But she was, and and afterwards I was able to see You know what an incredible human being she'd been and how, particularly when I had my own kids You know and try to make them sit down at the table every night and say their prayers and have You know high level conversations and arrive on time and have their You know their hands clean and all that stuff. And she did that every night with all of us. And we did it.


And then we, we all said the rosary every night we read the Bible every single night. We went to church every day in the summer and on Sundays in the winter as well. And You know, if I try to do that to my kids, And I ridicule me. And so I really have tremendous respect for many, many gifts that she gave me. But You know, one of those was just that very rich experience of, of growing up in a household that had that kind of You know that kind of laughter and fun. But also the discipline O of course everyone was a Democrat.


Now we know that You know the things that we've been discussing that have been so disturbing over the past couple of years have been perpetrated on us almost universally by Democrats. And you noted it yourself. I'd be remiss if I didn't ask you, are you still a Democrat? Yeah, I'm still a Democrat because I think of the Democratic Party as a party that believes in free speech that You know, believes in the highest ideals of our country. But I, and that is, that is You know a party that is much more reluctant to Go to war that opposes the corporate domination of our country and that oppose environmental pollution.


And those are You know issues that both parties, people of both parties can share. I I I wanna say this Megan, that I think it is You know, one of the intentions of people who are pushing totalitarianism is to encourage tribalism, You know and division. And if you look at You, know the strategies for shattering indigenous societies that the intelligence agencies have developed over many years. One of the key strategies is to divide people. Divide them by race, by political party, by You, know by religion, whatever.


And so You know what I really try to do is, is I try to be a bridge to try to find the common values that we have. We have a, we have a level of polarization now in this country that is dangerous. If you re if you see that, that documentary social dilemma, yeah, it's very frightening because we are being manipulated to away from each other, to close the door on each other, to burn the bridges and to create two Americas is the most dangerous polarization that we've had since the United States Civil War. And one of the frightening things in that show is that, I mean, what they show in that show is that these You know Facebook and the other companies have developed algorithms that are designed to keep your eyeballs on that site for as long as possible.


And they, they're out of control of those algorithms. They set them in motion And, then they do things and learn things that nobody really knows how they're working. But it turns out that the way that you keep people's eyeballs on the site is by reinforcing their worldview, by telling them things that they already believe in. So if I live in this house and there's a Republican next door and we make an identical inquiry on Google or whatever, we get two different answers. My answer will reinforce my worldview. His answer is gonna reinforce his.


And the, the division, the abyss between us gets deeper and deeper. And we, this is a real problem for society and we have to figure out ways to build bridges with each other. So I don't talk so much about my political party anymore. I believe in all the values I've ever believed in. I'm fighting for all the values and for the vision of our country that I always believe in. But I am happy to talk to Republicans, work with them, to, to battle in the, in the fox bowls and the trenches side by side with them. I and, and Democrats and everybody, And I, don't ever ask anybody their political party because I think And I used to You know.


So I'm not saying that it's not part of my You know of, of what, but I think right now, purposefully, I really, I think it's so critical that we are talking to people that we disagree with and put aside all these tribal divisions which are destroying this country. I love what you said. I agree it, I agree with it wholeheartedly. And I am trying to live it professionally and personally. And I, And I am living it. But forgive me for the follow up, but do you think you could vote for a Republican presidential candidate in 2024? Or do you plan on voting for Joe Biden? My father, listen, my father always said vote for the person and not the party.


Oh, I You know I'm, I'm not gonna talk about who I vote for or what I vote for, but I'm not gonna You know. I I, I really think it's critical that we, we become less partisan and that we find common ground, that we build a bridges to each other. Coming up Robert on why he believes his father's shooter and the man convicted of his father's murder. Sirhan Sirhan should be Bree When you talk about division and how bad it is. Now, of course, I've gotta ask you, as as a man who lost his dad to an assassination in the tumultuous sixties, Martin Luther King was killed.


Same year President Kennedy also assassinated same decade. People often look back at the sixties and say, you don't know what division is like, what we're suffering right now as a country is nothing like what we went through back then. And I realize you were just a boy. But how do you compare those two eras in terms of the country's division? Let me You know, tell you just a way of answering that question. An anecdote for my own life, which was one of the most poignant experiences that I had with my father. And it took place. And I had many, many You know, wonderful experiences I, as I detail in that book. But this took place in the days after he died and he was of course killed in here in Los Angeles.


And we You know I was here holding his hand when he died. We flew to New York where he was senator and we waked him at St. Patrick's Cathedral that a huge crowd of people. And it was multicolored people You know every color packing the sidewalks eight to 10 deep for the You, know the entire upper Manhattan. And, and we put him on a train and we took that train down from Penn Station to Union Station in Washington DC There were 2 million people lining the train tracks the train trip that's usually two and a half hours, took seven hours.


'cause they, it, the trains could not move 'cause it was so many people on the tracks. They were a cross section of the American public. There were black people, white, they, the, the train stations in Newark, in Philadelphia, in in Baltimore were just jammed with, with black Americans singing the battle, hyn of the republic and holding candles as we came through. My father's casket was in the caboose and You know I was riding at the end of the train or sometime in the different cars. And there were every religion, there were rabbis, there were priests, there were nuns, there were men in military uniform, there were hippies and tie-dyed t-shirts.


There were boy scouts. I remember a group of about seven or eight nuns standing in the middle of a baseball field in, in Delaware, in, in the back of a pick a yellow pickup truck. And there was just this incredible array. It was a cross section of the American experience. It was all the crowds that I had seen in all these political campaigns with my dad and my uncle since I was a little boy. And it was a complete mixture of the American You know diaspora. And four years later, most of the crowd was white 'cause our population was, and they were holding signs.


The American flags pray for us. Bobby, goodbye. Bobby You know they holding the babies up went and we got to Penn Station and Washington Union Station in Washington. President Johnson met us. We took my father up the hill, Arlington, we passed the mall. And at that time, the poor people's campaign, which had been organized, conceived by my father, organized by Martin Luther King and Marion Wright Edelman. And it was thousands of poor men from all over the country. They're trying to create a political movement for poor people living in tents and shanties.


And they all came to the sidewalk, they bowed their head, and they held their hats against their chests as we went up the hill to Arlington to bury my father next to his brother. And, and four years later I was in college. And I was looking at demographic data from the 1972 campaigns, so that was 1968. Mike Ad was killed in the middle of that campaign. Four years later, the vast majority of those white voters between Baltimore and more between Wilmington and Washington, who had supported my father strongly four years later, the vast majority of them were voting not for George McGovern, who was aligned with my father and on most issues, but George Wallace, who was symmetrically opposed, he was a racist, segregationist You, know the worst kind.


And, and it occurred to me then, so the same people that voted for my father were now voting for a guy who believed absolutely the opposite. It occurred to me then, and it struck me many times since that every nation, like every human being, has a darker side and a lighter side. And that the easiest thing for a politician to do is to appeal to our bigotry, to our hatred, to our selfishness, to misogyny, to xenophobia, and to our greed and anchor. And that it's much more difficult to do what my father was trying to do, which is to try to make us feel like part of a community.


That we are all on a heroic mission to perfect the republic, to make this nation an exemplary nation, to make this nation a model for all the other nations around what human beings can accomplish from all the races and colors and creeds that are gathered here. And we work together to elevate what's best about us and to, to create something that is a model democracy for the rest of the world. And my father was able to get people to see the hero inside of themselves that all he believed, that each one of us had a hero inside of us. And that his job was to bring that hero out and get us to, to, to transcend narrow self-interest and to act on behalf of community and to, to resist the seduction of the notion that we can advance ourselves, the people by leaving our poor brothers and sisters behind.


And we had to go forward together. We had to lift up each other and all be part of this American experience. What I think is quite clear is, is that we can work together in the last analysis, and that what has been going on within the United States over the period of the last three years, the divisions, the violence, the disenchantment with our society, the divisions, whether it's between blacks and whites, between the poor and the more affluent or between age groups or on the war in Vietnam, that we can start to work together. We are a great country and a selfish country and a compassionate country. And, I intend to make that my basis for running and over the period of, And You know.


So that's the answer I think to your question, You know we need to start appealing to the best side of all Americans and that, and stop looking at their race, their religion, their political party or affiliation or anything else, and just say, what do we need to do to make this country You know the best, the exemplary nation that it ought to be? Mm, That was so moving. Hearing you talk about him, it takes me back to, I was born long enough ago that news about the Kennedys and the way they saw the world and presidential speeches and speeches by Bobby Kennedy were still in the news. And they played them often and they were still You know your dad, your uncle still symbols of the Democratic party and what it meant to be a Democrat.


It's changed so much now as has the Republican party, but as you were talking, my producers put on the screen a black and white picture of your dad, of Jack Kennedy and of your uncle Ted Kennedy together these, and they were younger, they were strong, robust, good looking guys, You know brothers standing together, getting into politics, trying to help the country advance. And it reminded me of the way you wrote about growing up, just all the cousins. What is it like 29? I think you just said 70, but it's like 29 cousins, something like that running around. Yeah. Well, I, I had another You know my mother had a huge family too. So they were 20 Skel. Yeah. Okay. Yes. But like Growing up Kennedy You know, they, they referred to Jackie and, and Jack as Camelot.


But you guys had some of that too. And like I just wonder, I they didn't let you play inside if the sun was shining. You had to be outside and you had to be playing games and you had to be with each other. And it was sort of, this seemed like a communal living in a way that too seems to be withering. Right? Like our connectedness to one another, be it family, friends in part things to technology. Can you take me back just for a minute so I can feel that too, of what it was like to be connected and be outdoors and not be glued to a phone and be taking risks and being going on boats and be playing b football, all of it. Yeah. Well, you, that, that was a pretty good description on the boat.


We were raised nearly with all my other cousins. In fact, You know we all lived in the same town, the Seaside Village Hyannisport, which is a magical, magical place and still is. My kids go up there every summer and they have over a hundred cousins who are their age You know they adore at that point, we would migrate from one family house because it would, my grandparents had nine children. One of them, Joe died during the war. Kicked, died an air crash after the war. Rosemary was intellectually disabled. All the remaining kids, the remain remaining six kids all had houses essentially next to each other, or very close to each other in Hyannisport, and most of them at large families.


And we would migrate every night. We would eat in a different house. So You know on Thursdays, we'd eat at driver's house on, on Tuesdays, we'd eat at Smith's on Wednesdays we did at John Kennedy's house on Saturdays we did at Ted Kennedy's on Sundays, we'd eat at You know my, our house for Robert Kennedy. And there was lots of competition between the family. You know there was, people were engaged in every kind of competition we had. My grandfather had hired an Olympic swimming coach who was, who was an Olympian named Sandy Isler. And he, he taught us all sports You know, he taught us boxing and, and swimming.


And we had sailing and tennis lessons and all that kind of stuff. And we were always competing. So You know, but it was a healthy kind of competition, I think. And it was outside And I think we, we weren't allowed inside during the daytime, even if there was a rain or something, we were told, you can't come in, you gotta, and there was no tv and you gotta figure out a way to You know, do something outside. So, and it wasn't, we weren't tempted to go inside. Everybody wanted to be outside. I really am frightened from my kids gener, And I raised my kids as much as I could outdoors.


So they, I think they You know they love that. And You know, I have a kid that just returned from two weeks whitewater kayaking in Patagonia, and he is on his way up to run the Iita Rodd. And all my kids love the outdoors. But, but the, the, I really am frightened and concerned about this generation because I think they're You know the technology, the cell phones, the TikTok, the Instagram and the, the, the kind of self-loathing that accompanies a lot of those addictions.


Is it, it's if they have to overcome stuff that we never had to overcome in the, the life that You know, I think that the socialization of these children today, it's an, it is an addiction. You know these devices are designed to addict people and they're addicting themselves to something that is not apparently healthy for any reason. Yeah. And it concerns me a lot, but I don't know what to do with it. I do You know Megan. I think that the Democrats have a really, who are advocating censorship, the concern they have, the underlying concern is a legitimate concern you have because of the power of the social media.


These You know inflammatory and violent and dishonest characterizations kind of have a, a way of amplifying on the internet the way they wouldn't do with conventional newspapers or news sources. And the, the algorithms that they use to keep us on the site also have the, the side effect of, of what a fallout of, of polarizing opinion and making opinion, I think more extreme. Yep. And, and raising passions in a way, And I think as a society we have to figure out how to deal with that.


We have to figure out some fix. But I do not believe the fix is censorship. I agree. That's right. You can censor certain things. You can censor pedophilia, you can censor incitements to violence. But when you get outside of, of those and a couple of other narrow categories that You know censorship is not legitimate for any, It's, it's, it's really offensive. If you think about the fact that the same companies who are silencing your view, right? They deem your view disinformation are too controversial for YouTube. What whatever it is, those are the same companies that spend their days making money off of manipulating us and making us hate one another.


It's almost like they, they claim the moral high ground You know with absolutely no solid footing on which to stand. Yeah. And You know they're making money and they're tied in with the intelligence agencies and they're tied in with big pharma You know Google owns three vaccine companies. Facebook Zuckerberg is, has a billion dollar invested in vaccines. So they're You know and they're all making money on, they have partnerships with the big pharmaceutical companies. They're inseparable. And it's a really dangerous conglomerate because the You know we, there's no, it's not paranoid to say the intelligence agencies are deeply, deeply embedded in these companies.


And you have the You know you have military applications, you have huge government contracts, you have deals with the pharmaceutical companies and you've created this, this government corporate cartel that controls all of our communications. And so, and it's really, really dangerous. It really makes you wanna disconnect and, and just go live in the woods. Just go play outside like a Kennedy and don't, don't look at any devices. Just to round back to you guys outside and playing and all that have to ask you, you write in the book, we built tree houses in the Magnolia. We played for hours in the hay loft making forts from hay bas. We invented our own games, mostly involving some element of risk like tag on the roof where we leapt from atop the barn to the tack room tool sheds and horse trailers roofs or onto a neighboring white pine.


It reminds me of a quote that I read from your grandmother, the, the matriarch of the Kennedy clan Rose, where You know, you never know whether these are real or not, but the what was attributed to her was better broken bone than a broken spirit. And I love that. It seems to en capture her overall attitude, if not her actual words. But can I ask you about that? Because it's, it's, it's not without its downsides, right? And, and I'm thinking in particular of JFK Jr more with Robert F. Kennedy Jr next You know a lot of us treasured him and Caroline Bessette and his wife and You know just thought, oh my God, why?


Why? Right? Like, why did he have to do it? Why did he have to fly the plane? Why did he have to go up in the bad weather? And, but a lot of people talked about that. Like is it a, is it a blessing or a curse to be a Kennedy to have this penchant for risk and this outdoorsman attitude and You know some, a lot of people felt better about leading a more sedentary life with fewer risks in it. How, how do you make sense of it all having suffered such loss? People shouldn't listen to me as a parent. The, the older I get, the less I know about parenting. So I'm, I'm not gonna give people advice on parenting. I mean, I can share kind of my experience, strength and hope, which is that You know, I, my my approach to parenting has been, has been to, to a really laissez fair, to try to be a good example, to try to encourage in Trent my kids' interests and history and, and You know to and values.


And, but also to understand that as much as I love them, that God loves them more and that he is, they're his children. And that You know my role is not to control 'em, but to encourage them. And You know, most of my kids went through periods of revolt against me, which I welcome. I think children You know need to divorce their parents. They need to develop their own sense of self. They need to develop confidence and they need to be You know. I like when my kids argue with me. I have a couple of kids. I have one kid in particular who does not, he's not completely bought into any of my vaccine, You know bologna or whatever.


So he, and he argues with me all the time, And I love that. I love that You know they can make up their own minds that it's really important that we develop in our country a generation of children who understand the importance of critical thinking and who understand that fear can disable our capacity for critical thinking. And we have to resist that You know, like Franklin Roosevelt said that the only thing we have to fear is fear itself. Because fear destroys capacity for critical thinking. And we need to be armored against propaganda.


We need to be armored against the orchestrated fear because if we, and so it's, it's important to have brave children. It's important too. And still courage and risk taking if we wanna continue to have a democracy. There was a generation of Americans in 1789 or 1776 who You know, understand that there's, there's, there's a lot worse things than death. There's a lot worse things than dying. And living as a slave is one of them. And that's why they gave their lives. They gave their fortunes. They in some cases lost their families in order to give us the Bill of rights in the United States Constitution and You know we have lived off their courage for a couple of hundred years and now it's time that we have to You know, renew that commitment to courage again.


And yes, Yes, there's a new kind of risk taking. Right? You know today, today's day and age requires a new kind of risk taking You know you may not be getting in the cockpit of an airplane, but just to speak your opinion in today's day and age requires some measure of courage. Yeah, I think so. I mean, my father always You know my father really admired, as I say in my book, physical Courage. And he was surrounded by people like Jim Whitaker, his best friends, Jim Whitaker, who was the first American on Mount Everest. John Glenn, who was You know the first American to orbit the earth foot me You know Sam.


I have all these football players, Rosie, ge, Rayford Johnson, people who had demonstrated threat and a lot of war heroes like Gerald Trembley and many others. They were all in our house all the time. And my father had this tremendous admiration for physical courage. But he always said that moral courage is an even rarer commodity that You know. And ultimately that was You know. The reason that my uncle wrote that book Profiles encouraged and won the Nobel Prize. The Pulitzer Prize was to illustrate You know a dozen stories of American politicians who had sacrificed their careers and in some cases, their lives or principle to stand on a principle that they knew was gonna cost them.


And You know I was raised in a milieu where we were taught that it was a great privilege to be able to be part of some great controversy, and that the best thing that could happen to us is if that we could give our lives and our energies to something that You know was larger than ourselves. Wow. Not just courage, but forgiveness was another value. I know it was instilled in you because you're Catholic. And that brings me to Sirhan Sirhan, the man who killed your dad on June 5th, 1968, outside the Ambassador Hotel Los Angeles, California.


He was sentenced to life in prison. And you and my old pal and colleague from Fox News, Douglas Kennedy, your little brother, were the two in your family, the two of your dad's kids who were, as I understand it, in favor of him getting parole. He was paroled and you supported it, but then your other siblings were on the other side of it and the governor Newsom, he quashed it. So he's staying in prison. What, what convinced you to support the parole of the man who killed your dad? Well, number one, even if Sirhan had killed my father, I would be advocating his parole.


And my brother Douglas is agnostic about whether Sirhan killed my father or not. But he even, he believes like I do, that even if he did kill my father, he should be paroled and You know. To me that is an important personal stand because I think resentments and anger and revenge are, are impulses that are never, they're never good for you. I mean, resentments are like, as they say, like swallowing, poison, and hoping someone else would die.


Hmm. It has a corrosive impact on your own soul. So I think You know what you, what the, the better approach to, to people who hurt you is to pray for them, to forgive them and then to keep moving. But if you You know, let them live in your head, rent free, then they are in control of you. And only by forgiving them to you escape their control and their influence. So I would be advocating even if Sirhan did kill my father, Sirhan Sirhan did not kill my father. He certainly shot at my father. My father. And this is what Thomas Nucci, who was the coroner You know, said from the beginning Han and was standing in front of my father.


He was standing in front of the steam table. He never got more than less than five feet from my father. There were 77 eye in his, in that ambassador hotel kitchen. And they all saw what happened, which is sir, and fired two shots at my father directly. One of those shots went past my father and hit Paul Ra, who was the U United audit workers, a very close friend of my father. He's the man who introduced my father to Cesar, to Cesar Chavez and one of his closest friends. And he today is alive and has been advocating for Sirhan for 20 years.


And he is the one who made me look at the evidence and read the autopsy report against my will and showed me that Sirhan could not have killed my father. The second shot that Sirhan fired at my father ended up in a door, a door jam, a wooden door jam behind my father, and was later removed by the Los Angeles Police Department. Sirhan was then tackled by six men, including Rosa, Gary for Johnson and a number of others. And his gun hand was pushed away from my father. And, but they couldn't, he had a superhuman strength and they could not get the gun out of his hand.


And he fired off six more shots and emptied the chamber. And all of those shots hit people. Oh, we have them all accounted for. Oh, we know what happened to all Sirhan shots. And none of 'em hit my father. My father was hit by four shots, one that passed harmlessly through his shoulder pad. All of them from behind. They were contact shots, meaning the barrel of the gun was either touching his flash or within an inch of his flash or touching his clothing. They were fired by somebody who was, who was standing immediately behind my father.


And all of the shots were fired on an upward trajectory. So the gun was being held against my father's back. And the trigger was pulled four times the audio of And I records, 14 shots for 13 shots fired. So Sir Ann only had eight shots in his gun and there were many more shots than that fired. And he never had a chance to reload. The man who killed my father is almost certainly Eugene Dane. Caesar, who was a security guard, and he worked at the Lockheed Plan. He had a classified position. He, Lisa Pease and her book establishes that he was a, that he identified himself as an agent of the ci, the Central Intelligence Agency.


And he, he died at the very beginning of the pandemic in the Philippines. And he, the gun that he had that night was at 22, which he lied about repeatedly. He was like, when my father died or my father was shot, he fell onto Caesar and Caesar fell back. So the two men were lying on the ground. And then Caesar pushed my father off and got up and he was seen by a dozen people with a gun in his hand. And he never denied that he had his gun pulled. He said he had pulled the gun to, to fire at Sirhan.


But that gun was not found and it was not turned over to the police. It has since been found and Caesar lied repeatedly about what he had done with the gun. So there's a lot more evidence, it's too much to go into here. But if you You know people who are curious about it, there, there are You know there are many, many books about that are written about what happened. And if the orthodoxy in this case is not, doesn't make any sense as it does in so many cases. That's fascinating. So at that, I mean, that leads me to ask you what you think about your uncle's assassination.


'cause that's one of the most speculated about moment in US history, right? I mean, from Oliver Stone, right to the Warren on commission, they concluded it was AR spec Senator ar spector. Now God rest his soul. He, he used to, I knew him kind of on Capitol Hill and he used to say, it's not the single bullet theory, it's the single bullet conclusion. That's what happened. Single bullet. It was Lee Harvey Oswald and only Lee Harvey Oswald. Where do you land on it? Well, that was the Warrant Commission, the Warren Commission of course. And He was on it. The, The, the key commissioner was Alan Dulles.


And Alan Dulles, of course was the head of the CIA, who my uncle had fired after the Bay of Pigs. And he, we now know that he was deliberately, and this is not controversial, this as well as established, he was deliberately steering the committee away from many facts that would've been, that would've implicated the CIA, including the fact that Lee Harvey Oswald was a CIA as at beginning in 1958 when he worked as a radar operator at the Air Force base in Japan, which was the CIA base.


That was where the, he was a Marine, where the, where the U two flights were based out of that were over the Soviet Union. He defected to the Soviet Union. It was a fake defection. It was a, it was a dangle. They, it was orchestrated by James Jesus Angleton and Langley, who was the head of counterintelligence and Langley meaning on the division of the CIA that looks for Russian spies. Spies. And there was a c there was a cage, B Mole and Langley for many years. To this day it's not been identified.


And they were trying to track a chase out that mole. And Lee, they thought that when Lee Harvey Oswald defected Kelson believed that the mole, that the KGB would wonder who he was and would ask the Mole to check his file. And they had a trigger system on his file in Langley that would identify anybody who touched it, but they weren't able to do it. And, and Oswald came back without any punishment, without even being debriefed by the State Department. He simply, he had made a very, very high profile defection to Russia. He married a daughter of a KGB Colonel and then just walked into the State Department, said, I wanna go home.


They bought his ticket, they gave him 600. He was met at the airport in Dallas by a guy called George March All who was also working for the agency. Agency an agency asset. And You know there, and you talk about the Warren Commission findings, but the United States Congress assassination committees investigated and the Senate did a new investigation five years after the Warren Commission. And they came to the opposite conclusion that it was indeed a conspiracy. They didn't know whether the conspirators who actually murdered my uncle were mafia or whether the CIA there was a split within the committee.


You know, the Warren Commission is, was working on very little knowledge that was heavily orchestrated in the subsequent investigations. And now we have millions of documents that You know, that suggest a strong involvement by the agency Coming up. Mm. He said nothing was off limits. So I went there and asked him point blank about the rumors about his father, his uncle, and Marilyn Monroe. Wow. I mean, how does that, sorry to go Oprah on you, but how does that make you feel that you got You know you believe the CIA was responsible for the assassination of two men who are so dear to you.


When you ask me how does it make feel, how does it make me feel? It's hard for me to separate my feelings from the You know from the kind of, From the larger issue about what the implications are for our country and for our democracy. Yeah. That these are murders that You know whether I'm right or wrong about them. We should be able to talk about them. We should be able to reason we shouldn't be again, shut down and censored. The people ought to be able to have a congenial conversation about these. And if the original verdicts do not make any sense, and let's have an investigation.


What happened? Because our country took a turn when my uncle was killed. You know when I was a boy, when I was on my sixth birthday or seventh birthday, Dwight Eisenhower meant January 17th, 1961, made what I would consider the most important speech in American history where he warned our country against the rise of the military industrial complex and the subversion of democracy through this ascendancy of, of this corrupt cartel of intelligence agencies, the military agencies, military contractors, and other people who are attached to the military industrial complex In the councils of government.


We must car guard against the acquisition of unwarranted influence, whether sought or unsought by the military industrial complex, the potential for the disastrous rise of misplaced power exists and will persist. My uncle took office two days later, it was a farewell speech for Eisenhower and he said, this is the most important issue. The enemy within it's You know not the people from outside our country, but people within. And he talked also about the health agencies and the health cartel. But he very, very explicitly and presciently and my uncle spent three years of his presidency battling the military industrial complex.


And in the end, if the conclusions of those You know that subsequent committee of the assassinated health assassinations committee are correct, and it was members of that cartel that killed him. And if that's true, we should be trying to resolve that still because at that point, so what happened when he died, he had two months before he had died, he had signed national security order ordering all of our troops out of Vietnam, ending the Vietnam War, the first thousand troops. There were 1100 troops at 11,000 troops.


And the first thousand would be out by December. The remainders would all be out within 12 months. But the end of 1965 mm by the beginning of 1965, as soon as he died with Lin and Johnson. And by the way, my uncle's been fighting for three years, his own military intelligence apparatus who wanted to send a quarter million troops into Vietnam and make it our war. And he said, no, there's the Vietnamese war. They have to win it or lose it. We can help 'em, we can give 'em advisors, we can give 'em helicopters, but we are not gonna fight the war with them. Sounds familiar, immediate.


And Johnson came in and immediately sent, and we had the talking golf resolution. He sent a quarter million troops in there and it became the American War. And then after Johnson, my father ran specifically against the war, specifically against the military industrial complex. He won California. And that meant he was almost certainly gonna win the, the convention. And he had already beat Nixon. Once he beat Nixon, he was my, my his brother's campaign manager in 60. He beat Humphrey, who was his only other opponent, real opponent.


Eugene McCarthy was not a serious candidate. He, he would've beaten, he'd already beaten Humphrey in 1968 and he already beaten Nixon in 1960. So he was on his way to the, he had a clear path to the White House when he was murdered. And he was specifically running against the Vietnam War and against the military industrial complex. As soon as he was killed, Nixon comes in and sends a half a million troops over there and then fights until 1963 and fifth when my uncle left office, 75 American Special Forces advisors had been killed in Vietnam. By the time Nixon left 56,000 American troops and millions of Vietnamese had died in that conflict.


And the military industrial conflicts had yet more and more powerful. And, and, and You know you look at the rest of American history and it's just a, it's a battle between this dwindling impulse for a democracy and the growing power of this cartel. And I, think You know the murders of my fun and my father were key parts in that, that turn that we made in the road. And that part of unraveling, that restoring the path to democracy and the control over these, these dangerous, dangerous forces, You know, probably ought to begin with a real investigation of both of those murders.


A real investigation for the first time in the history. Indeed, indeed. What, what could it hurt? What would be the reason not to on the subject of everything's okay to talk about. So forgive me 'cause this is so I realize in politic, can we spend one minute on Marilyn Monroe Happy birthday to you. Happy birthday. There's, I can tell you about Marilyn Monroe. I mean I met her when I was, The rumors are that she had an affair with your dad. That she had an affair with your uncle and even possibly that your dad was somehow there the night she died out in California.


Yeah, well those are rumors that have been a time and again, proven completely untrue. There's two days my father's schedule, every minute of his day is known so people know where he was every moment of the day. And it happens that the day that they say that my father You know that these people who are selling books saying these things the day that they say my father was with her, he was with us at a camping trip up in Oregon and in Northern California. And it would've been impossible for him to be here.


That was the day that she died. Oh, all the days that people that these authors who are just bogus authors have suggested who are making money by You know saying these things all the days that they claim that my father could have been with Marilyn Monroe are days when we know exactly where he was. And he was on the opposite sides of the country from Marilyn Monroe. What do you make of the affair? Rumors of You know between Bobby Kennedy and or Jack Kennedy and Marilyn Monroe. Yeah. I all, again, all of the rumors about the affair.


You'd have to find a time where he could have had an affair and there is no conceivable time when the two people were in the same city. So what, There's always a way when a man wants to have an affair, he can find a way. Like, come on, there's be, I'm Talking about my father. We know where he was on all the day. You know the, the authors claimed to know the days and you'd have to know the days because my father's schedule was known. He was on the campaign trail. What about all of Jack Kennedy's affairs? Like we You know. We know he did that even though the New York Times wasn't right about it. Washington Post, Listen, I wasn't around then, so I can't answer that question. I can't answer the question about my uncle.


You were talking to him about salamanders on the plane, not his love life. That makes sense To is extracurricular. Yeah. There was only so much he was gonna share, share with you on board that Air Force. I get it. Listen, I, I don't know how to thank you for all this time. Here we are four hours later and you've just been so open and giving on every subject, personal and professional. I really, really enjoyed the exchange. And I, hope we can have more. Thank you very much. Thanks for your courage Megan. thank you for your integrity. And I. Hope they leave this up more than about 10 seconds.


Wow. What an interesting man, right? What a fascinating exchange. thank you so much for joining us today, for sharing in it with us and and both days. And remember if you missed part one of my interview with RFK Junior, you can find that wherever you get your videos or podcasts or free, I always love to hear what you think of the shows that we do. And I would especially love to hear what you thought of this one. What were your opinions? Did he persuade you on anything? Were you glad to hear from him? Do you think he's so controversial he needs to be universally banned as he has been? Would love to know your thoughts. Leave me a note right now. We take him in the Apple reviews. Basically. The long and the short of it is Apple gives us no love.


I mean if you Go to Apple Podcasts, you will see Michelle Obama promoted and Hillary Clinton's podcast promoted. You will not see the Megan Kelly show promoted. But one way of getting our show to sort of get traction on Apple is the more comments we get, the higher up we go. So it serves two purposes. It helps us fight the man over at Apple. And it also helps me understand your thoughts on the program and your guest suggestions and what you liked and what you didn't like. I have read every single comment. There are over 22,500 of them now and it's a great way for us to connect. Okay? And while you're there, do me a favor of subscribing and downloading. Give me a five star review 'cause some of the losers are giving like zero or one.


Those are the haters who watch MSN BC. So gimme five stars, please help me out and leave us a comment on social media if that's easier for you. Or you can just email me at questions at devil may care media.com. Questions at devil may care media.com. Lots of ways of giving us feedback. Nothing and no one is off limits here on the Megan Kelly show. We will keep bringing you the truth. thank you for listening. We'll see you tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And no fear.


Nearly 1000. That's how many price hikes Big pharma imposed on brand name drugs in just two months. This year. Raising prices on drugs for serious conditions like HIV diabetes, heart disease, and cancer. And just like in previous years, big Pharma's price hikes once again, outpaced inflation. Tell Congress, big pharma sets the price and their patent abuse enables egregious price hikes hold big pharma accountable. Pass corn and Blumenthal paid for by C-S-R-X-P.


Top reasons data nerds wanna move to Ohio. High paying careers for business researchers, analysts, project managers, and more. So many jobs you can take your pick. What else does the data say? How about a bigger backyard, a shorter commute, and a paycheck that goes further. So crunch the numbers and a world famous pickles. It all adds up the career you want and a life you'll love. Have it all in the heart of it. All. Dive into the data@callohiohome.com.