
Build the professional toolkit you need to make a difference in your community in just five weeks. Be the spark for transformative change. With UBC's community leadership skills courses. Through our institute for extended learning, community leaders at all levels are invited. You'll gain practical skills to apply immediately through courses taught by subject matter experts. Winter and spring courses begin in January with scholarships available. Learn more and register today@leader.umbc.edu.


Meta's open source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers, and more to download and build with our models at no cost, which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all everyone benefits, learn more about meta's open source models at ai.meta.com/open.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Today, an MK show, exclusive. Pete Hegseth, nominee for Secretary of Defense, sits down with yours truly in an exclusive and his first interview after the, after being nominated and after the allegations against him have been swirling and being launched from virtually every corner of the mainstream media, which clearly does not want him to have this job. Pete And I go way back. I've told you this before. We worked together on Fox News for a number of years.


He became a contributor with my full endorsement and backing, and we became friends while I was at Fox. And I haven't spent a lot of time with Pete over the last 10 years or so, but I've long respected him and his service to the country. I've been really dismayed by the amount of pylon that he's been suffering, and I've been outraged by the unfairness of the media's coverage of the allegations. You're gonna be able to decide for yourself whether the allegations are true, relevant, and dispositive for this position. But my own goal was to give Pete the chance to respond to them, to bring context to them in the course of the interview so you would know are they anonymous?


Are they backed by a specific person saying who they are and how they know Pete? And what is the evidence on the other side? I believe that's the job of a journalist to air the news, to discuss frankly, what the allegations are, and to give the audience enough information to make up their own minds. We've gone through the alleged rape charge against Pete in great detail. We've devoted entire shows to it. That was just a week or so ago. So check the archives of the program if you'd like to see. But today, absolutely nothing was off limits. And I asked him that moments before we sat down and he said, go for it. And I knew I was gonna be able to go for it, otherwise I wouldn't have done this interview. It's not how we operate. So we got into it.


All the allegations of excessive drinking that that explosive alleged rape charge, the allegations that he's a philander and cheated on all of his wives, the allegations that he supposedly mismanaged his veterans charities and what he would actually do at the Department of Defense. One other word. When I list all the allegations like that, it makes it sound terrible for Pete. It makes it sound like it's true and he's a terrible man. Is it? Or is this all part of an effort to ruin a man who is threatening in an institution that some powerful forces would rather not see changed? Hopefully that'll become clear to you, and you'll have a takeaway at the end of the next hour.


Without further ado, Pete hf.


The Megan Kelly show is supported by Grand Canyon University, founded in 1949. GCU is a private Christian university that's dedicated to delivering an affordable and transformative higher education. Their vibrant campus is located in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, and according to niche.com, ranked a top 25 best campus in the U S A As of June, 2023. GCU offers 330 academic programs with over 270 of them online, allowing you the freedom to earn your degree on your time from wherever you are at GCU, your degree, whether it's a bachelor's, master's, or doctorate, integrates the free market system and a welcoming Christian worldview. Learn more about GCU U'S programs, competitive tuition rates and scholarship offers from your university counselor. They're part of the supportive graduation team that takes a personalized approach to helping you achieve your academic goals. Walking alongside you every step of the way. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. For more info or to enroll, visit GCU dot edu.


Pete, Seth, great to see you. Hey, Megan, how You doing? All right. So it's been an all out assault since Trump named you, no doubt. I mean, from alleged rape allegations to allegations about your marriage to financial mismanagement allegations at your companies that you ran, your, your foundations, I should say. How's it going with Trump right now? Is he so far standing by you and have you spoken to him? I spoke to him this morning, Megan. I mean, he's amazing. He's a fighter. He's been through this himself. And he told me the last thing he said to me, well, two things he said to me when I left his office when he chose me, was, well, besides what he said about being a war fighter, we can get into that was you're gonna need to be tough as shit.


You're gonna need to be tough as shit. But he paused again as I was walking away and said, but you're the man for this moment. I chose you because you're the guy that's gonna put the war fighters first. We haven't had that. We need a guy that's kicked down doors and understands the consequences of war and why us deterring war, fighting it and winning it is important to, he gets it. He, and we can get into the policy of all of that, but ultimately, he re reiterated the same thing this morning. Hey Pete, I got your back. It's a fight. They're coming after you get after it. I think he'll be delighted that we're talking today. Yeah. And we're gonna do more talking because for so long, what was said about me, what has been said about me, it was so ridiculous and all anonymous that we didn't wanna give it oxygen.


You don't wanna respond to things that are, that are don't merit response. And so we have it. But the sitting here with you and going forward, You know, the media's driving with this ridiculous narrative. It's our turn to, it's our time to stand up and tell the truth and our side. And he knows that. And so he supports me. We talk, I won't betray what we talked about specifically, but he said, you all meet those senators and I've got your back. It means a lot to me. Tells you who that guy is. So you are meeting with them. Any open wobbliness there, do you like, how do you like your chances right now? I mean, I, Donald Trump won overwhelmingly 76 million votes. He's got 53 senators, all of which understand what the American people voted for.


They voted for the change that Donald Trump is gonna bring. And they knew in the picks that he's made, he's bringing in change agents. If you wanted another general, or another admiral or an executive or a CEO or a politician or a lawyer to run the defense department, we've tried that before. He said, I want a war fighter. I want lethality, lethality, lethality. I want readiness, accountability, standards, war fighting, Pete, that's you, that's me. Clean house of the woke. Crap. All that stuff. All the, the, the, the, the, the climate stuff and the CRT and the DEI and the, and the genderism and the tra get rid of it.


Let's bring the Pentagon back to the people, the people's Pentagon for war fighters. And that's the message he gave to me that I've projected back to senators and it resonates with when I get a chance to sit down, especially with these senators from the Senate Armed Services Committee, that's the committee I'm talking to, they care about the military. Yep. A lot. They've, they've run for office, spent their lives trying to invest in it. So the advise and consent process is a real thing. Like I'm hearing from these men and women, these senators who have great ideas, wanna make sure that when I'm confirmed, we're able to implement them at the Defense Department. They're worried about the military and the country and not necessarily your love Life. No, no. Or your mom or my mom who did a fantastic job on Foxing Prince Gonna show some of it By the way there, that you'd be surprised how little that has come up.


Now, when they ask, I, I answer candidly, I don't answer these questions to the, the hyenas in the hallway trying to chirp at my wife And I as we walk down the hallway, I don't owe them an answer. I owe an answer to the members of the United States Senate who are gonna vote for a confirmation here. And my meetings with them have been fantastic. No one has looked me in the eye and say, I have concerns And I can't vote for you. In fact, most have said, let's take a picture and I'm behind you all the way. And that's a reflection of Donald Trump and the strength of his election, but also the mandate to change something at the Defense Department. So the meetings have been great. We're gonna continue doing it. We're not back down. Backing down one bit, We're gonna get into the specific allegations, but lemme start with this.


Do you think you're being Kavanaugh right now? I had a member not 45 minutes ago, look me in the eye in private, just he And I and say, that's what they're trying to do to you. That's what they're trying to do to you. That's their playbook. Get ready for more and they're gonna make it up just like they have so far, all anonymous, all innuendo, all rumor, nothing sourced, no verification. And they're just gonna keep doing it because you're a threat to them. You're a threat to their system. You're a threat to all the, the, the, the things in Washington, d dc the swamp, the things that people have rejected. You're a threat to that. And so they're coming after you and, and, and, And I know that he knows that.


And when you stand firm on that, it's, it's, it's not difficult to just continue to fight. So yeah, we saw what happened, but guess what happened? Kavanaugh stood up and he fought and he won. And hopefully Republicans have learned that lesson, and Trump stood by Him and Trump stood by him there, right? You're seeing right now with me, is the art of the smear. It is the classic art of the smear. Take whatever tiny kernels of truth, and there are ti tiny, tiny ones in there and blow them up into a, a masquerade of a narrative about somebody that I'm definitely not. And what they never quote, and we will get into this too, are the legions of people from who I served with in combat, multiple tours from the multiple veterans organizations that I very proudly ran.


And I, I really want to get into that. And my time at Fox News, they never ask the people closest to me. No, they never ask the people who are involved directly. And when they do, and I've got a list right here of, of, of people, and Will Kane and my host at Fox News have come out, all the folks on Fox Friends have all come out and said, this is not Pete. And we've worked with Pete for 10 years. Every single morning, every single day. They never ask those people. Yeah. And that's what a smear looks like. It's a couple anonymous nuggets, usually from disgruntled people who were fired for cause who are jealous or want a little a a little bit of retribution. And so they pedal stuff to reporters who are not interested in the truth.


They're interested in smearing someone who supports Donald Trump's agenda. It's really clear. I'm in the middle of it, but You know, I'm surrounded by a great team. I got a wonderful wife. We love this country. We love Jesus Christ, our savior, and we're gonna fight like hell. There's no reason to back down. Why would we back down? That's right. Do You know how many guys I'm hearing from right now, the guys I serve with, gals that I work with at C V A and else don't stop. The guys are like, it's always, sir, You know, don't stop. Sir, please keep going. They're behind You. You, You are fighting for us like you are our voice. We've never had a voice like this before, ever. They're, they're not upset about your drinking.


You know what, that's an, there's an interesting one there. First of all, I, I've never had a drinking problem. I don't never, no one's ever approached me and said, oh, you, you should really look at getting help for a drink. Never. I've never sought counseling, never sought help. I respect and appreciate people who, who do. But You know, what do guys do when they come back from war? Oftentimes have some beers. You know, how do you deal with the demons you see on the battlefield? Sometimes it's with a bottle. Unfortunately, tragically, for too many guys, it's with the bottle and then it's depression, and even worse suicide. I mean, we've got an epidemic of that in our country. Thank God. By the grace of God, I found my chapters of purpose that pulled me out of that.


I, I found in many ways, I found two things. My two Js, my Jenny, my wife Jennifer, changed my life, saved me. There's just no doubt about it. And my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And without those two js, I wouldn't be sitting here right now, but with those two js, like my mom said this morning, And I didn't get a chance to see all of it, but God bless my mom. I'm a very different person than I was 10 years ago than I was 15 years ago. But I'm also the right guy to be in the Pentagon to understand what our young water fighters are going through, what we send them to do, what we ask them to do, tour after tour, after tour after tour.


Are we equipping them properly? Are they mentally prepared? Are we helping them on the way back? How are they transitioning? Were they used properly? I can speak to that because I've lived it not from a general's perspective, not from a air conditioned office in Washington DC or from a think tank from dusty boots and pulling triggers with bullets whiz by. And you're wondering whether you're ever coming home. You know what's funny, Pete? We've known each other for a long time. Yeah. Since our time together at Fox News. I did not fully appreciate your military background until I started reading up on you for, You know, this position. I did not realize that you got into Princeton and then volunteered to join the military and then joined ROTC and went off to Gimo.


I mean, most guys who got into Princeton and had done that well in school would've been riding that right into investment banking or some career as a partner in law. You volunteered after you had this Ivy League start to go join the military, went down to Gimo, served your country honorably, then came back, then re volunteered to go to Iraq during the most dangerous time you could be there, then re volunteered to go to Afghanistan all through like putting yourself and your life on the line and sacrificing a life that could have been very financially privileged. Eventually you wound up back at Fox News, you after running a bunch of veterans' charities. But it, it must feel somewhat galling to have members of the media now taking shots at you as unfit to lead these guys.


The one of the things I've enjoyed the most about this is I, I stay in touch with a lot of the guys I serve with. And I say guys, because I serve in infantry of battalions. But there are a nu what women have done for our military is incredible And I hope we get into that too, but has been hearing from them and, and they say, sir, they're reaching out. They're asking questions. What should I do? And I say, talk every single guy from Guantanamo Bay, from Iraq to Afghanistan, to when I was holding a riot shield outside of the White House during the riots in 2020. Guys talk. You don't need my permission. I got nothing to hide. Go talk to the reporters about what we did together. The shared purpose we had, we were different people from different backgrounds, different colors, different shades, different everything.


But we were united in purpose and we're brothers forever as a result. And so hearing them talk about me and their willingness to do it actively has been really, really cool. I mean, that's actually, I don't care what politicians think about me or what pundits think about me. Certainly not median reporters, but the guys you pulled triggers with and went out on patrol with and left the wire with, stayed in combat, outposts with or guarded asshole Al-Qaeda detainees with what they think matters a lot to me. And, and that's the perspective I'm taking into the Pentagon. That's the perspective is how are we using these men and women? Are we training them properly? Are we giving them, are we wiping away the garbage of political correct social justice nonsense And focusing, just focusing just on let the lethality meritocracy because men and women like that are going to fight future wars that Donald Trump's gonna have to make a decision about whether we enter or not.


And I'm humbled to be in a position where I could come alongside him and say, our men and women are ready, they're prepared, and if we have to use them, they're ready to win. And I'll always be thinking about those men and women that I served with because that's who I wanna represent. Yeah. And unlike most, you could actually look their mothers and fathers in the eye and say, this was worth it. De depending on what conflicts come our way. Alright, let's, let's go through the allegations, including the first one that got this whole campaign against you started and that was this anonymous accuser. And by the way, just so the audience knows, I too have looked through all of the accusations, all of the reports against you. There is not one name, not one person accusing you of any sort of misconduct has gone on the record with their accusation.


It is all anonymous from N-B-C-C-B-S, the New Yorker, the usual suspects. And yet you are having person after person go on the record in your defense about your character from, You know, will Kane and Dan Bonino at Fox, Joey Jones at Fox, the entire Fox and Friends crew this morning, standing up and defending you. Dozens of people from my vet's organizations medal honor winners with me everywhere. Yes. So that, just so the audience knows, but we do need to go through Sure. What people are saying so you have the chance to address it. So the first is this alleged rape that took place in 2017 at a hotel out in Monterey, California, where the allegation is that you were the keynote speaker at a Republican women's conference that you were drinking into the We Hours.


And that a female so-called handler of yours who was meant to see you from A to B, went back to your room with you to shepherd you there, found herself inside the room that you allegedly blocked the door. She quote remembers saying no a lot, and the next thing she knew, things got very fuzzy and you allegedly raped her with her husband and children in their own hotel room down the hall. The police investigated, they chose not to charge the DA did not see probable cause to charge this case. We found out from the police report certain exonerating details, which none of the media will report. Like you said, it was consensual. There was no drug and she wasn't, she wasn't drugged in any way. And she's on camera looking totally fine according to the police, according to eyewitnesses.


And according to her own husband, to whose room she returned at 4:00 AM she was fine. She was not slurring, she was not stumbling. And she apologized to him for being out, saying, I fell asleep on somebody's whatever. And that's what you say she told you she was going to tell the husband. Alright. That's, that's the setup for those who haven't been paying attention. Did you rape a woman in a hotel in Monterey? Absolutely not. Absolutely not. I've been honest about that encounter, starting with law en enforcement from the beginning. I was, I may have been drinking, but I was cognizant enough to remember every single detail. And, and I'm not here to say that my conduct was good. You know, being in a hotel room with someone that's, You know, not the person you're with is not okay.


I own up to that and I've, I've had to own up to that. And that's been difficult. And my wife's amazing and, and You know, she knew about it. But going through it again is not easy. But ultimately I went through that process with investigators, eyes wide open and honest because I knew I had nothing to hide. It's a really unfortunate situation. And ultimately they dug into everything, as you said, everyone that was there, all the video camera footage, all of her testimony, husband's testimony, my testimony. And they looked into it and said, no way. We're not charging on this at all. In fact, there's other things that hopefully could come out in the future that would, Ben, our team is, is benefiting from more information.


So we always want more information coming out of this because the more information that comes out, the more people realize what this actually was. And, and, and ultimately, You know, it's never fun to have your name. All they want is your name in the headline with that allegation. That's all they want. And then once they do that, they run with, they, they don't care about all the details that you just pointed out. And when they summarize the case in the secondary reporting, they never include any of the exonerating details. Not at all. That's to be expected though. That's, that's how our media today operates. They take one thing, blow it up, and then extrapolate a ad nauseum on it.


But notice how that story has sort of faded away because there's nothing to hang onto there, which is why. Okay, but what about, 'cause you did pay her off. Sure. A couple years later she came back threatening and wanting some sort of a settlement and you paid her. So was it a substantial settlement? And why did you pay her? I paid her because I had to, or at least I thought I did at the time I was newly married, I was up, up for potential jobs in the administration. So my profile was higher. And listen, they, they, she got lawyers that reached out to mine and said, if you don't come forward and if you don't pay money, then ultimately we're gonna out him.


We were in the middle of a me too movement. I had a great job at Fox and a wonderful marriage. And I did it out of, I mean, it's not what I should have done, but I did it to protect that. I did it to protect my wife. I did it to protect my family, And I did it to protect my job. And it was a negotiation purely to try to prevent that we paid a sum. I'm not gonna disclose that amount, but it was, it was, I mean, there's, you don't expect to go through something like that. You obviously feel like you're being used because of your public profile. There are plenty of people that have gone through that. The sad part for this is though that I I, what it does is it cheapens the instances where there's real sexual assault.


Like it's a real thing. It's a real problem, including in the military, which is something I will address very directly in the military, hasn't been sufficiently addressed what some women in the military go through. And so when you make allegations that are proved to be bogus, fully investigated and cleared, and then you, and then you extrapolate that it harms other instances where it's very real and It undermines the credibility of other accusers. Okay, so that one we've dealt with. But then come the flurry of allegations about your personal life, And I, I think it's admitted at least in your divorce proceedings that you did cheat on your first two wives. You're on your third marriage to Jen, a former colleague of my own at Fox and yours too.


And your hookup with this woman in Monterey happened when you were with Jen. So that's three, right? And there are a lot of women at home and men who will be like, it's a no, right? He's too much of a serial cheater. Like, how can we put a guy in this position who's a serial cheater? So is that a fair characterization of you? I Think it would've been, it was a fair characterization of me before I truly was changed by Jen and my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ. And I mean that, I mean, people cannot believe that if they don't want to. But if you look at me, and if You know me, if you have walked us, watched us walk into cold Snap Community church in Pilgrim Hill Reform fellowship, the church is where we've attended that have truly, I mean, I'll never forget a sermon that my pastor gave Pastor Chris, who's a dear friend of mine where he talked about most people miss Jesus by 12 inches from their head to their heart.


I grew up as a Christian, my mom was on Fox and French, she's one wonderful Christian parents. I intellectually was associated with it and understood it, but never really li lived it. And it was those moments in those places in my relationship with Jen as we grew together in Christ, that I become a changed man. Am I a perfect man? No. Was I a perfect man? Absolutely not. Do I regret those things? Yes. But is it who I am today? No. And I'm just grateful for the grace of God that gives me a new chapter. And I knew stepping out in this, that that would be right. Part of what would come at me Was that scary was Part of the calculation. Sure. But what's the alternative? That people with difficult, somewhat difficult paths can never step up and try to serve the American people and serve a president who is elected.


Is that, is that the alternative? You, you have to be you, you can't have made any mistakes in your life or, or reconciled for them or asked for forgiveness for them if you wanna serve in another capacity. And I just, my wife And I got together, we prayed about it a lot and said, we know the sling, the slings and arrows are coming. We're gonna lock. She, that's why we're together on the hill. We're together everywhere in this process because if, if we, if we can't do this together, then it's not worth doing. And having that assurance in Christ and with a partner where this is ride or die for the rest of our life, no matter what is life changing. And I've never had, I've never had that perspective before. And I did that foolishly as someone who came home from wars and was untethered from, You know, accountability and all over the place, all over the map until, You know, we, we just got a couple of horses.


I don't know anything about horses, but it's, it's a beautiful exercise. But what you realize is you've gotta, when you handle 'em, you handle 'em properly. You've gotta prove that you're kind of the alpha, they, they don't wanna follow you. And one of our horses is a little stubborn and we've got a trainer that comes over and sometimes they got yank on the, on the, on the harness. And I feel like sometimes God had to yank on me a little, a little harder to say, Pete, pay attention here. I think a lot of people, this is your purpose, Especially guys coming back from war. Look for the answer in a bottle and eventually find out the hard way. It's not in there. And maybe it's in the Bible instead of the Bible, Right? I think I'm gonna use that. Yeah. It, it actually is, like I've read the Bible before. This is the first year this year where I've read it through cover to cover in addition to devotions, in addition to daily prayer time.


And, and you realize how foolish, how foolish we are as individual human beings untethered from maternal truth, untethered from the wisdom of the Bible, from the wisdom of the patriarchs to the judges, to the prophets, to the disciples, to Jesus Christ, to everything that happened. When we don't know and contemplate and, and start our day on those things, we start them focused on ourself or our needs or our wants or our prides, all of which are destructive. I mean, I I talk to my kids all the time about this, You know, there's sin equals slavery. The truth, the Bible equals freedom. And I've created plenty of problems for myself. But I know here sitting, I'm, I'm a liberated man by the gospel of Jesus Christ and the partner that I'm with.


And people can take, take that or leave that and believe that or not. I know that in my core, I know how we started our day this morning was in, in prayer and it's not gonna stop. And we hope we get a chance to serve the country in the process. So what do you say to people who say, well, you are nominated to be Secretary of Defense and in this position you'd run a military where they court martial people for infidelity. So how do you look at those guys and say, I will judge you. I will pursue these charges against you. You follow the laws, it's applied. I mean, I, I don't, I I don't know exactly what instances they would point to and when and what that process would be in the National Guard. And I'm sure that will be litigated. But my point is, my job is to follow the law, the UCMJ And I would do that


for those Of us holding our breath for the past several months. We can exhale in the wake of this presidential election. Work can finally be done on the major issues this country's facing. Hallelujah. One of the most significant are national debt. Well, the fact is our nation's broke and that debt is a house of cards that cannot be quickly dismantled no matter who is president. So the strategy for you remains the same. You might wanna diversify your savings. This is why I wanna tell you about Birch Gold. So many things are out of our control and out of our president's control. So it can be important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group can help you convert an IRA or 401k even just in part if that's what you want into an IRA in physical gold. And the best news is it doesn't cost you 1 cent out of pocket Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get your free info kit right now through, I don't know, soon from now, you'll receive a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Protect your savings with Birch Gold. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and claim your eligibility for free. Silver today


is the education system, the cause and solution to the biggest problems facing America. Check out a fantastic podcast from PR you that is tackling difficult topics and conversations through the lens of education. Real talk with Marissa Stride as a mother former educator and the CEO of Prager U Marissa believes that education got America into the mess we're in and education will get us out. This is why she built the pro-American nonprofit Prager U into a disruptor in education with videos that reach millions of young people every single day. During her show, Marissa interviews leaders in business education, mental and physical health and world affairs. Her guests have included Tulsi Gabbard, Douglas Murray, Michael Knowles, and more. Together they cut through the noise and they get to the heart of complex issues all from their perspective of an educator and parent. Join Prager u's fastest growing podcast. Subscribe to Real Talk with Marissa Streit on your favorite podcast platform. Or watch Prager U dot com slash real talk.


Build the professional toolkit you need to make a difference in your community in just five weeks. Be the spark for transformative change with UBC's community leadership skills courses. Through our institute for extended learning, community leaders at all levels are invited. You'll gain practical skills to apply immediately through courses taught by subject matter experts. Winter and spring courses begin in January with scholarships available. Learn more and register today@leader.umbc.edu.


Meta's open source AI models are available to all, not just the few because they're open source small businesses, students and more can download and build with them at no cost. Learn more about the benefits at ai.meta.com/open.


What do you make of the drinking? Because this is another big thing and this could potentially come back to haunt you with these senators, even ones who like you, right? Because nobody wants, if even if you're not an alcoholic, which I believe you can't have somebody who's inebriated to the point where they need to be carried in from their hotel room as alleged anonymously in these New York reports Alleged anonymously Running the the Pentagon. Like You know that. So to the people who have read these reports talking about public inebriation and needing repeatedly to be carried into your hotel room at night and even now there's an NBC report anonymous, which oddly includes a Pentagon correspondent, which is very interesting to me. Why would a Pentagon like it does make me wonder whether some of their sources are, Oh, maybe there's some people, the Pentagon, that don't want me to do the Secretary of Defense, which in any would Surprise me in any, that's a report that claims that some of our Fox News colleagues, former and current are saying, you showed up at Fox and went on the air intoxicated.


So how do you respond to those reports? Check the tape. First of all, I wanna start where we began too. I'm gonna start where I wanna start. My comment where we began this conversation, all of those allegations are anonymous. All of them are unsubstantiated. No one's putting their name on it. No one can point to an actual incident, an actual place, an actual piece of evidence, none of it. I was at my brother's house last night where I was talking about where did this allegation come of me being in a strip club? That's, that's one of the things that's been Reported in Louisiana. That you were in strip club, not just in the strip club, strip club storming the stage On the stage at a strip club. And I was, I was, we was just sitting there talking end of the day, where did this come from?


And my brother and sister-in-law actually both worked with me at Conservative for America before she was my sister-in-law. They met and they said, Pete, don't You know what happened there? I said, no. He goes, there was a incident at a strip club, something happened that was addressed. You were nowhere near there. You weren't even at the event. You weren't even in the state yet. Someone has made a made, there's so much information coming at it so fast that it's hard to digest it. You're being accused of something you weren't even at. So if they're making up a instance of something where I didn't even attend, how can you believe a single other thing that any of these people are saying in any instance to include being carried up to my room with a bunch of vets who are working hard, have come back from combat deployments.


Would they have beers? Sure, I'm not gonna, I'm not gonna, I dissuade you of that. The idea that it was constantly being carried up anywhere is patently false. Which is why all of these people have come out in writing with their names on the record. I'm not just talking about people that, You know, were on the stage with me, production crew, field staff, administrative staff, volunteers, all willing to come out and say, we've been with Pete for years and years across the country and we've seen none of these things. Well, And I don't know who these anonymous accusers are about the Fox News time, how about about the Fox? But I did see Fox and Friends, every single member of Fox and Friends this morning go on the air and say, this is bs. And as I said, Joey Jones and Dan Vino and Will Kane And I worked with you for years at Fox News.


I am the reason you became a contributor there, as You know, fact, Fact, Fact. And that was primetime night, You know, hits that you were doing with me and never once, not even the hint of alcohol or any alcohol problem. And so what you're, what I'm trying to do is prove a negative, right? I'm so what, what this is again the anatomy of a smear. So they have tried to create a narrative based on, You know, what they said about Vets for Freedom and C V A and all of that. And now they're trying to extend the string. This is what they're trying to do with senators, right? Okay. We've gotta extend this string from past behavior to current behavior. And so what NBC's gonna do is make up anonymous sources, none of which are close to me, none of which know me claiming that I had a drinking problem at Fox or was drunk on air.


I tell everybody out there, check the tape, check, yeah. Where's the Drunken tape? Find the drunken. And by the way, talk to the, I got a text from my senior producer of Fox and Friends Weekend recently said, Pete, I was, you were the, by far, always the most reliable member of our team for Ev. Every moment I was there. You were there every morning on time, ready to go. Never missed a beat. Ever. Ask the primetime hosts whose shows I do at, You know, 7, 8, 9, 10 o'clock. So most of the time when I'm in New York, I'm doing a show at ten nine or 10 at night and then my own show at six in the morning. It's patently false and patently ridiculous.


And everybody who's around me from hosts to staff, to producers, to production crew, You know how many people are in those studios. They know. I mean, You know how many people are in here right now? There's 25 people behind the cameras right now. If I had a problem, even a sniff, there was a mediaite reporter that came out on Twitter today on by their name saying I've covered Fox for 15 years. That place leaks like a sieve is what they said. He said, I've never heard one iota of a thing about Pete, Honestly. And when I was there, you knew like there were certain people, there was one who, I won't repeat his name here, but he's come on my show and talked about it, who had his serious alcohol problem and there was an intervention. Roger helped him, got him into a treatment program.


It, it wasn't even something that where, You know, you would necessarily be fired or, You know, shamed. You would be helped, but nothing, nothing around you. And You know, we, we knew about the wife's situation. Sure. Right? Sure. But nothing with respect to alcohol. It is, it is again, the anatomy of a smear. They're trying to extend it out because they want to create a scenario where senators go, mm, okay, I could handle this. Mm, I could handle that. But mm, if he's drinking, I can't handle that. Yep. That's, that is by far the least true aspect of any part of this. So have You, have you stopped drinking now or what's the It's wonder It's, thank you for asking that. So when I was, so my plan going forward ongoing is when I deployed we had something called general order number one.


And in general order number one, it is, you are not allowed to drink while you're on deployment. Right? So if you're in Iraq and Afghanistan in a combat zone, you're not allowed to drink. That's how I view this role as Secretary of Defense is that I'm not gonna have a drink at all. And it's not hard for me 'cause it's not a problem for me. But I need to make sure the senators and the troops and President Trump and everybody else knows when you call me twenty four seven, you're getting fully dialed in Pete, just like you always did in Iraq and Afghanistan. So this is the biggest deployment of my life and there won't be a drop of alcohol on my lips while I'm doing it. Hmm. Okay. Let's talk about the financial allegations. 'cause this is potentially problematic for some of these senators.


You ran two different vets, organizations, veterans for Freedom and Concerned Vets for America. And the first one, anonymous reporting in the New Yorker. Forgive me for asking, You know, these anonymous reports, right? I know you have to though. That's, that's why we're here. The reason these were these, this has been allowed to percolate is because they were so ridiculous and they were all anonymous that we didn't wanna give them oxygen. Yeah, I get it. But now because of where we are, we're answering questions. Okay, so the anonymous reporting by the New Yorker says that that organization wound up in enormous debt, that they couldn't pay its creditors. They said without more donations, they were gonna be facing bankruptcy. This is under your leadership CBS news reporting that in 2008 at that organization you guys raised 8.7 million, but spent 9 million suggesting financial mismanagement.


Is that true? It's not true. Lemme tell you why. I'm really proud of the work we did at Vets for Freedom. I didn't start the organization, but I came in shortly after it was started and built upon the success of the group. And we fought for the war fighters in the surge in Iraq and Afghanistan. Our job was to bring the message of the, what we believe to be a successful strategy in the surge and what General Petraeus was doing in Iraq and advocate for that in the American people. And that made its way up to 2008. Well, what, what was happening in 2008? Barack Obama was run against John McCain. John McCain had been a big advocate of the surge and winning the war in Iraq. We had worked a lot with him on Capitol Hill. I actually know a lot of the senators on Capitol Hill from my work at Vets for Freedom and Concerned Vets for America.


A good chunk of offices I'm walking into are senators who I've met with time and time again because of my work on military and veterans advocacy that started with Vets for Freedom. We traveled the country rallying the public. We went on Capitol Hill, we wrote op-eds. I went on tv. That might've been the first time I was on TV with you. It was right around there. You you probably gave me my first shot, not just the Contributorship we're making the case for the war. And a big part of that was raising money so that we could run ads that would promote veterans candidates or we're a 5 0 1 C four. So you can't get too political. You're a, you're a nonprofit, but you can issue advocate. You can say, Hey, John McCain is for winning the war and Barack Obama is gonna, is gonna end that in disgrace or what, however you wanna say that.


And so we ran a lot of ads And I raised a lot of money. We were very successful and proud of it. Ultimately we were political novices. You know, I had, I guess I studied politics at Princeton. That's what I did. But I didn't have any political experience. I was a, I'd been in the military, we had some advice on the outside, some of which in very slimy ways are now turning on us. But that's to be expected. And ultimately at the very end, I'll never forget, we were about two weeks out from the election and the Politico types were saying, we're looking at the polling and McCain's gonna lose and it's time to turn off the spigot because he's gonna lose. And you tell that to a guy who's back from war, believes in the war, has a candidate who's fighting for that war.


And, and that lieutenant, which I was at the time, is gonna say, go fuck yourself. I'm fighting for this war. I'm gonna raise the money to do even more. I'm doubling down when you say the fight is lost because it matters to me and it matters to the war fighters. And that's what we did. So we spent a little bit more than we had at the end, cognizant of it, we knew it. We said, Hey, we're gonna pour a few more ads in at a few key places for a few races because we want to double down on trying to win this thing. We're not gonna abandon this guy when he's been there for us. But we knew we were over our skis and when the election was over and McCain had lost, there was not much appetite for funding a veterans organization that was in debt because of that.


And so I spent the next, it was a very humbling experience. I spent the next year and a half fundraising from donors to pay off debt and working with different vendors to try to negotiate down contracts and prices. But I spent a year and a half working every day. And You know what we did? We paid it all off and we squared it away. And ultimately we did merge with another organization, a friendly organization consolidated and moved on And I moved on. But in doing so, I felt a personal responsibility to make sure we were even when it was done. But there was zero impropriety, there wasn't a dollar spent that we weren't proud of spending on behalf of a cause we believed in, we were just amateurs at, at that moment in time For the record, David Bellavia, co-founder of the organization, brought you in.


He's a Medal of Honor recipient and said, not one irresponsible fiscal decision was made by this group. Pete is a leader to his core backing you. Sergeant Sean Bryan retired US Marine Corps total professionalism at Veterans for Freedom with Pete Hegseth. And, and it went on okay, concerned Veterans for America. That that was a different group. And this is the one, there are a lot of allegations swirling around this that appeared to initiate, to have been initiated by Mo mostly. We now believe Jesse Jane Duff, who is also a Fox News contributor. She was, she Was never a Fox News contributor, but she was on a lot. Okay? She was on a lot. Yeah. Thank you. So she, the reason we think it was hers, because there's been reporting that she was the one who was behind this so-called whistleblower report at Concerned Vets about you.


That it was a seven page report. It's about now wound up at the New Yorker. And it's what Jane Mayer of the New Yorker, who smeared Kavanaugh is basing a lot of her reporting on. This is some of what's in there. The New Yorker report in large part, based on this report, January, 2016, you resigned from that organization under pressure three sources said you were forced out due to mismanagement and an alcohol problem. The whistleblower letter, it, it's making these accusations, including that there was public drunkenness, there was inappropriate behavior, there was allegedly an attempted sexual assault at that strip club in Louisiana. That was not me. No, but by the way, you didn't do anything about is is the even there allegation wasn't even there. Yeah. And that, there's a second, a second anonymous male, and forgive me, Jesse Jane Duff, 'cause she hasn't actually gone on the record with any of this.


But there's a second anonymous mail cited in this report who says he went to a bar in Cuyahoga Falls, Ohio with you on May 29th, 2015. And saw you and another guy standing on the bar screaming in some quote, violent way, kill all Muslims. And when asked about this by the New Yorker, this person said to Jane Mayer, I will deny that, I'll deny that if you print that. And she says, well, I've got you on email. So, and he said, well, I'm gonna deny that it happened. So in any event, that's what we have about your time at Concerned Vets. Would you like to address those allegations? I have any more delightful things to say. I'm sorry. First of all, I will only say that I'm incredibly proud of what we accomplished with Concerned Veterans for America.


I actually would argue that there's not a single vets group in the country that accomplished more in a smaller amount of time than we did. If you look at the reforms at the va, we talked about this a lot on your show, the Veterans Accountability Act. And The Choice Act for Vets. We, we were the intellectual Harvard, we started that movement, built a whole report on it, drove it up on Capitol Hill, and ultimately led to its passing by working with Democrats and Republicans. And then Donald Trump took it and ran with it. It, do You know how hard it is to get reforms passed in this town? It's really impossible. It's really, really hard. Especially the ability to fire employees cut through the SES system and the ability to take on the VA bureaucracy and let people choose their healthcare. Like what we did, a couple of vets and military family members with, with generous donors with organizing and building is truly remarkable.


Again, the amount of people that are willing to go on the record that were in all of these places with their name, with their credibility tied to, is staggering. They're in the media and they're, they're talking that Jane Mayer and others who are reporting this refuse to talk to those people. All they've done is talk to disgruntled former employees. If, by the way, I'm at the point where I don't even know if they're talking to real employees, I really mean that. I mean, this stuff is, is so bogus. How can You know, what does it take to add a third or fourth or fifth anonymous source to a story? There's no accountability for them on that. So I don't, I don't believe any of it at this point. But ultimately, You know, all of those allegations, again, anonymously, anonymously given totally unsourced fly in the face of the overarching trajectory of that organization.


I wanna get to the end of that as well. I was not fired. I was not pushed out. There were no allegations of impropriety. There were no allegations of excessive drinking. That was, I was, I knew all the people above us in the hierarchy of that. Ultimately, I think it was actually, I think it was actually on your show. And I mean that where I was talking about defeating isis, there was a foreign policy discussion going on. It was the end of 2015, early 2016. How we need to crush isis, very hawkish about that. And I'll never forget, I got off the air with you And I got a phone call from some of the folks tied to the organization saying, this has exacerbated the perceived differences in policy we have about foreign policy.


And we need to start a discussion about whether this is gonna work. I had a very, they had just had a very different view of foreign policy than I did. And they didn't want the organization to move into foreign policy. They wanted to stay focused on veterans and, and sort of economic issues. And I'm saying, we got the black flag of ISIS flying over the place where I fought. Right? You want me to be silent on this? I remember that. You remember that. I mean, we had some. And so ultimately after a couple of weeks it was agreed upon. Let's just part ways. And that's the other letter I have in here is the letter from the trustee of Concerned Veterans for America. He, I have, well, I have some of this. So there's Randy Lair. Yep, that's it. Trustee. In 2016, before any of this broke, before any of this me campaign, he went on the record in a letter saying Pete was a strong leader at Concern Veterans for America.


And was not fired because this whistleblower thing had had raised its ugly head at that time. By the Way, the word whistleblower gets used just for everybody watching right now. You know, I guess Alexander Vidman and others have blown exploded the definition of what that means. What that means is a disgruntled email to someone saying, I don't like this person. Usually anonymous Was anonymous. It was anonymous at the time. Megan, except the person who wrote it, wasn't good at hiding metadata. So 15 seconds worth of research from someone who knew computers identified it as the person you just spoke about. And the reason I've known about all this for such a long time is when I left C V A, there was some jealousy of my profile and what I was gonna go do at Fox.


And so that email that you're talking about, the whistleblower report, the email was forwarded to every single executive and host at Fox News Channel. I mean, you just ask 'em, I remember a number of dear friends being like, I just got an email about you. That's really bad. I don't believe it, but I just want you to be aware. I got it. And so that letter from Randy Lair was a response to me saying, Hey guys, help me out here. I'm being totally impugned at Fox where I'm grateful to have this opportunity. Can you help me out? And they don't normally do that, but they did it 'cause it was such an overwhelming amount of garbage being thrown at me. That was then also, I dunno what the process was at Fox, but reviewed by Fox and they said, Hey, Pete's good to go.


So they identified it as anonymous and salacious and ridiculous at the time, which is precisely what it always has been. So this is Jane Meir trying to traffic up old stuff that we knew about, like my team knew about. This was all predictable. What you don't predict is the the level to which they'll continue to twist and distort it and add things to it that adding more untrue things to things that are already untrue. I wanna tell the audience too, that Holly Tally, who was at with Concerned Vets in Louisiana, said, you're an example of honesty, integrity, and character. She never saw any inappropriate behavior involving you. Karen Vaughn, gold star mom, who traveled with you for three years with this group says, you're trustworthy, you're dedicated, you're brilliant. This is all disinformation.


You were born for this job. Mark Lucas, executive director of Concerned Vets, gave you a glowing assessment. There are many people going on the record to say they never saw a hint of impropriety. They only had the most positive experiences with you. It just underscores, Pete, what a difficult position you've been placed in here. And, and Jessie's welcome to come on the show and, and repeat these allegations if she wants. I don't, don't think she wants to because I don't think she, I think she probably regrets a lot of that. She may not like me, but the reality is, You know, she tried to call out that my combat experience wasn't real and that I really never was in combat. And then I was everybody, You know, she had ideas of what she wanted to do in the media. I was doing my own thing in the media. I don't have any desire to tear her down.


She, she can, but she's back. She, interestingly, she has gone on television since I was chosen and said I'd be a great Secretary of Defense. It's interesting. Yeah. So you could roll that tape on your own. Just Google it. She said Pete would be amazing. And I, I love where he is at on the issues you mentioned Holly Talley. There's also Tina Kingston, who's a, both of them are female. Both of them work for me. Both of them are wonderful. Tina Kingston was a lieutenant colonel. I may have been a colonel, I should be forgiven if I don't know that. But a colonel in, in Louisiana, both were in Louisiana and Ohio. When those purported incidents occurred and said, that never happened. Females who worked with me say that never happened. So I don't know how many more times we have to sort of point that out to discredit these.


I mean, by the way, they're not members of the media, Megan, You know that Jane Mayer and all these Gabe Sherman and all these trash ardent, they're not members of the mia, they're leftists with keyboards. They are agenda drivers whose whole job is to try to destroy anyone who supports. Donald Trump believes in what he is fighting for and is trying to advance it. And of course, if you're this young nominee for the Secretary of Defense who's gonna try to do big things on behalf of the war fighter and take on an entire system, you're target number one. You are target number one. And so they've pedaled this. It's not reporting, it's not real, it's fake. And we're gonna fight back.


And for far too long, conservatives, Republicans, Trump support. Not, not, not Trump supporters. That's Trump supporters have learned. Donald Trump's led the way. Yeah. He knows how to fight. He never, he said that to me this morning, like I said, but we have to learn to fight through like the chaos and the violence of the moment of the way they tear you down, of the way they try to demoralize you. They try to get people to turn on you. And what's been really cool in this process is that every everybody that knows me, I, And I mean everyone who truly knows me and has been with me for the last 15, has put their name on the record and said, I stand by this guy. That's a humble, I I you, we were talking just for a second before the show out there, and you relayed what I hadn't seen Fox and Friends this morning.


It's the first time I got a tear to my eye in this whole process. Yeah, she did. You, you welled up a little. Is that, you said that Brian, Steve Ainsley and Lawrence came out in my defense this morning as people who had worked with me at Fox. It wasn't Ainsley. There was a sub in for her. Oh, it was, it was also amazing. From Outnumbered. I don't know her. Oh, I know her Well. She was with Kaylee. Emily. It was Emily, Emily Capano, Emily Cap. She's wonderful. They're going out there with unnamed sources when we sit on the couch with him almost every day. I think it's just for over 10 years. Yeah. For over 10 years. It just, to me, that is the stunning part. Especially when you don't reach out to his co-hosts of the show for comment to say, Hey, what do you guys think about that?


No one has been contacted about that. I think that screams that it's a witch hunt. And you can't fill in for Laura Ingram. Sean Hannity work for eight hours every Sunday. Fill in for all of us over the course of 14 years is the way these, these his detractors are describing him. It would be impossible to think he'd still be survived, but stay out of the marriages. It has nothing to do with this. The fact that they do that, like they don't have to do that. But they also know me, and if there's anything people know about me as well. I work really hard to be kind and fair to people. I, I've been a tough business, tough business advocating on Capitol Hill, tough business, pulling triggers as an infantryman tough business playing basketball at Princeton. Like there was no mo I sat on the bench for four years and told I wasn't good enough to play.


You know, like I'm used to being people coming at me. But I also, the people that know me also know that I'm kind and loyal to people. And I, And I work Really hard and all I can Think is, and they have my back. And that means a lot. How Are we gonna get anybody to volunteer for public service now? Like you were at Fox, I'm sure you were making seven figures, and you got offered this amazing opportunity to serve our country again. And you said, yes sir, I'll do it. And then what happened? They tried to destroy you. They're currently trying to destroy you, not only from this role, but from any job ever, again, from going back to Fox. If this doesn't work out from going onto the private sector, You know, he what? He's an alcoholic philandering rapist, mismanage of money.


I mean, everything they can pile on you, they are piling on you. And all I can think is who the hell would say yes to working for the government after watching this kind of thing? And, and it's fine. The, the audience can make up their own mind about what's real and what's not. But they, but it requires reporting of the other side. And that's why I raise the testimonials that are being, being given about you. For, for me, as a friend of yours and as a member of the media, it's stomach turning. It's such a dereliction of duty. So I I understand. Well, it's, It is an arsenal of lies. It is an arsenal of lies. They, they mobilized to destroy. I've had senators look me in the eye, friends great.


Said, they're trying to kill you. And, and what I, what I, when I wake up, I look at my wife and we talk about it. We say, if Donald Trump can do this, if he can fight the way that he's fought with everything they've done to them, then we better learn to be able to fight ourselves. So we don't know precisely how this is all gonna play out. I'm gonna go up on Capitol Hill, meet with all these senators, keep working hard, try to earn votes, respect the process, the future's in God's hands. And I'm, I'm gonna put my head on the pillow tonight, content of that. And I pray that he gives me the opportunity to serve my country as the Secretary of Defense. And if he did, I know I'd do a damn good job and I'd fight like hell. If it doesn't happen, I'm, I'm gonna be able to know I did everything I could in this process that I told the truth that I took on the haters and the liars and the media.


And there'll be another chapter God, God will provide. And I, You know what, I ultimately, I've got seven beautiful kids who are gonna have an opportunity to, to fight for the future of our country as well. And that's, that's why I'm doing this. That's who I dedicated my last couple of books to. They're gonna have to fight for the republic too. Speaking of Ainsley Earhart on Fox News, after my ending at NBC News, Ainsley is such a, she's an angel. Yeah. She's, she sent me this, this beautiful display of orchids and the card read, give it to God. And that's, that's where you are right now. Right. Give it to God like it's too much of a burden to carry yourself. Give it to God. And You know what, Pete, she was a hundred percent right, like my own life turned around dramatically from that moment to this.


So I, I feel like whatever God has in store for you, whether it's this job or a different one, but I think it will be this job. I think greatness awaits. I like your newfound look lookout on life. Your newfound connection to him, to your wife, like all of that goodness breeds more goodness. That's my hope for you. And that's my belief too. And I Wanna, And I wanna thank everybody out there who's praying for me, who's praying for us, not just from our church or the people that we know in our, but at Fox across the country, the amount of incoming notes, emails, texts. You can feel it. You can, you can feel it, but we need it. That's the shield, that's the armor of God we need. And I just want everybody out there who's doing that to know we are giving it to God.


We are Okay. But less happy would be the confirmation hearings, how you're gonna get cross examined by Democrats and potentially an FBI investigation. Do you, do you welcome an FBI investigation? Well, I can't wait for A FBI investigation. Can't wait. How soon can they start? Really? Yes. Because that gives me an opportunity for them to do a real investigation. So what the media's doing right now is a, is witch hunt. It's, it's trial by false accusation and lies. The FB i's gonna look through what, and if they do their job properly, which I fully expect, they will, they'll talk to everybody and get the full story and a full understanding. That's a report. I welcome. So yeah, we're not, we're not hiding for that one bit. Is there a point at which you do what Matt Gaetz did, You know, too much of a distraction, realize they can't get through the senators won't do it.


Is is that, is there a point like that? I mean, that's the president's call. What I know in this entire process is there's only one man in America that got 76 million votes. One man that American voted for and for his, for change in the Senate and in Washington DC He asked me, I shook his hand. I told him I'd fight like hell for him. If there's a moment where he calls me and says, Pete at a boy. But it's, it's, you're not the guy I will salute and say, whatever assignment you need from me next, I'm I'll do it. It's, it's his call. And he's shown great confidence in me And I respect his perspective on it, no matter which way it goes. Can we spend some, some time on what you would do in the job?


Sure, please. I love that The Women in Combat thing is, has made some headlines. I've said already that I agree with you on it for various reasons. There have been studies showing that the troops perform more effectively when there is a separation. And women can be extremely effective in supportive rules right around it, but maybe not on the front lines next to the men. Is that a position you still hold? I wrote a chapter on that in my book, which I would encourage people to read. I'm familiar with the studies that you're talking about because I've, I've studied this issue. What I would say when I step back is that women are already in combat. Female engagement teams, fighter pilots, You know, EOD, military police. And they play an indispensable role. My my real concern here is not about men or women.


I, the, the women of the Pentagon of our military are revered, appreciated, And I will be a Secretary of Defense for them like everybody else, their biggest advocate, all I've really ever cared about is making sure the standards are maintained right. That men or women, when we look at duty moss jobs in the military, that we're properly assigning a threshold for capability that has nothing to do with gender and only to do with what is needed to do the job effectively. And that means some jobs will be open evenly to every flying. Drones is a very different capacity than carrying a ruck sack with a hundred pounds in it and a and a two 40 bravo that's gonna have a different qualification.


And if we have the right standard and women meet that standard, Roger, let's go. If they, if they, if they can't, that's, and that's a re that's a product of physical differences because the standard's high, then that's just the reality. And I think that's an easy way to look at it stand. But we've seen standards formally and informally be eroded in pursuit of quotas, or we need a certain percentage or number here. You can't do that. You gotta get rid of all of that. Make sure the standards are high and that they're applied properly. What do you think is the biggest problem with the military today? Like, what's something you'd like to address on day one? Oh my goodness. It's the charge that the president gave me. The biggest problem is we are, the military has been distracted from its core mission, which is lethality, lethality, lethality, close with and destroy the enemy, deter our enemies, and then have the ability to defeat them swiftly and come home.


That's it. The military is in the business of deterring and fighting wars, killing bad guys. Anything else you're asking it to do is a distraction. So when you're pushing CRT and DEI and all these notions that there's systemic racism, anybody who served in these units, and, and I've written about this extensively and talked about it, knows that systemic racism is not a problem in our military today. In fact, the percentage of racism and extreme and extremism in our military is a fraction of what it is in the general public. Thankfully, our military has been a huge part of rec racial reconciliation in our, in our country. From the very beginning, ask any guy or gal, it's never been about skin color, it's only about green it, the CO and, and red that you bleed together.


That's it. So C-R-T-D-E-I, climate and green initiatives, You know, trans initiatives, all the quotas, get it out, out standards, accountability, meritocracy, lethality. And that also means, by the way, no tolerance for things like sexual assault, no tolerance for things that make us less capable. All of that's gotta stop. It's gotta go, it's gotta be dealt with. And so I think my background specifically gives me a chance to focus on the war fighter and readiness. That's what the president has charged me first and foremost to do. And I think when you, when that happens, Megan, I've already seen the amount of messages I've gotten from guys and gals saying I wasn't gonna join.


I'm 18, but I joined because President Trump was elected and you're gonna be the Secretary of Defense. I'm hearing it too. And or I was gonna get out as an E six, but I'm re-upping because I'm ready to go. We are on the cusp of a recruiting renaissance. We will see guys and gals join this military in droves because we still have a lot of pa we have patriots in this country who wanna believe in institutions that have traditionally fought for and, and, and defended this nation. It's get back to basics as, and there's a lot of other things we can talk about back to basics. And when we do that, I actually think, I know you'll see the vast majority of the Pentagon respond to that as well. Do you think the folks who wear the uniform in Washington DC wanna be distracted by other things?


Or do you think they wanna focus on war fighting and lethality? I know the answer to that and that's coming. Can you spend a minute on the forever wars and the risks that we're looking at right now? We've got Syria in the midst of a civil war that's amping up where we could see Bashar all Assad deposed. We've got the risk of China possibly taking Taiwan in the second Trump term. We've got the explosive powder keg in the Middle East. We've got Ukraine when there's a, there's a lot going on that would, could potentially involve our military at a time where American public's really not feeling all that interventionist. So how do you look at those conflicts and, and the role of the military in a 20 24, 20 25 America? Yeah, I mean, first and foremost, I look to the commander in chief's direction on that.


I mean his America first agenda and, and How He wants to a adapt and adjust the way we focus in threats. He's the boss. I'm an execution arm and my job is to great, give him advice as it pertains to our military and its ability to execute on that. Ultimately, we live in one of the most dangerous times since the end of the Cold War. There's just no doubt about it. You've refined it. But I've also, I'm also the product of two decades of war in Iraq and Afghanistan, where my view shifted a great deal. It did from where it was to where it is today. Because you would have to be a fool to look at the outcomes in Iraq and Afghanistan and think that what we got out of them was beneficial to American national security interest. And that's not to take away from every vet who gave everything.


I was one of them. Those last vet, those last folks in Afghanistan, the 13 we lost the people who fought for the places that ISIS took back. Like that investment, that fight, that mission is real And I love all of it, but we have to be realists and clear-eyed about what that intervention meant. The finite resources that we have, the debt that we have, the threats that we have, the responsibilities our allies have to show in Europe if they want to defend that continent. The reality, the outcome in Ukraine, Donald Trump's been very clear about that, but that he wants to end it right away. And that ultimately there's this huge looming threat in the Indo-Pacific, in the communist Chinese who are rapidly trying to build a military that outpaces ours, building a military, trying to defeat us.


So I don't wanna get ahead of the President at all on any of this. Part of the reason you don't normally do interviews in a confirmation process is that anything you say will be used against you in, in the court of a, of a hearing. So these are all things I've said before and the president has said, but ultimately, yes, we live in a dangerous world, which means if you're gonna have peace through strength, you need to have a, the perception and the reality of a hyper ready force ready to take on the next threat. There was a report today, it was yesterday, oh, it was this morning by the Wall Street Journal and Fox News's. Bill Mulin just confirmed it, saying that Trump had a face-to-face meeting at Mar-a-Lago yesterday with Ron DeSantis. I don't know that it was specifically about this, but that allegedly in that face-to-face meeting, they did discuss the possibility of subbing him in for this position, depending on how things go for you, what do you think of that possibility?


Listen, it's all the president's choice. I spoke to the president this morning. He said, I'm his guy And I won't, I'm not going to give any other information from my conversations with the president. I, I believe that what he shares with me needs to stay in confidence. But things were addressed. And he said, you're my guy Also saying that you're my guy. Was your mom on Fox and Friends? If we all went back seven years, we would, we would see that maybe we were not the people we are today. And I am sure many of you across the country understand how difficult divorce is on a family. There's emotions.


We say things. And I wrote that in haste. I wrote that with deep emotions. I wrote that outta love. And about two hours later I retracted it with an apology email. But nobody's seen that. I wanna say something about the media and part of today is to discredit the media and how they operate. When they contact you, I let a few phone calls go, but then they call you and say they threaten you. That's their first thing they do. Right? They say, unless you make a statement, we will publish it as is. And I think that's a despicable way to, to treat anyone.


Threats are, are dangerous. I, I don't think the way you operate is, it feels almost criminal when reporters call you and threaten you. I don't think a lot of people know that's the way they operate and they don't care who they hurt. Families, children, Poor Penelope. Oh, bless your Soul. Your soul. Can you believe the New York Times published that email? Oh yes. Because it's the New York Times. It Was so mean. So mean by the way, Multiple. Do you wanna say anything about the mean email that your mom sent you and then the meanness of the New York Times accomplishing it? Oh my goodness. So first of all, multiple outlets to their little bit of credit had received that email before. And my mom spoke to them on to those reporters and to their little bit of credit, they didn't run it.


Wow. So I don't, I don't even wanna name them 'cause they don't deserve any credit. But of course, the failing New York Times the, the trash bin that it is, was willing to, even after my mother spoke to the reporter, and it was, it was clear that she immediately took it back. Not just now, immediately took it back. They published it. It's an I feel for my mom. The, I was going through a, a divorce. The issue was over child custody. I wanted more. I I've got these three amazing boys who I want all the time with I can have in the world. And so if I'm guilty of wanting more time with them, that's true. And it was, You know, ask anybody who's been through that and it can be emotional. And I, I'll, You know, the days that followed, we worked our way through it and she walked it all back and said it was emotional.


And, but you expect that those communications are gonna be private. It was private. You'd hope a place like that, like the New York Times would make it about Pete Hegseth, not Penelope Hegseth, but again, it's all the anatomy of a spear. Trash, trash, trash, trash. Even his mom doesn't like him. Right. Even his mom thinks he's horrible. Didn't CVS put a mic in your face today or yesterday saying, what would you like to say about your mom? You said, I love her. I love my mom. And You know, it's, I mean, it's, it's also a scenario where it's not as if, You know, it's, it's a good news story, right? It's about family and family repair. I would do the same thing to my son. If you're involved in a contentious divorce where I didn't like the way he was handling it, I would send a harshly worded email to try to shore his behavior up.


And it does seem like over time, Pete, you did kind of hear her. I mean, that you did wind up changing. I think you, I think I saw you right? Yeah. You're a good, she's a good mom. She's a good mom. She's a good mom. She always has been. And she's been wonderful to me and to Jen and to our family. And, but it is a, it's a great new story of redemption, of, of family healing. And it didn't happen over a long period of time. It happened real quick. You know, we we're very close. She spends weeks at a time at our house with our, with our, with our grandkids. They're with us for a month over the summer. Her and my wife are dear friends. I love her to death. She knows it. She wouldn't. And when I called her and said, mom, will you go on Fox and Friends? I mean, it wasn't a hesitation.


She was like, I would be honored to have the ability to talk about you. So I actually haven't seen the whole interview yet as of this recording. But from what I've heard from people, mom did a great job. Thank you, mom, appreciate. I think you're gonna be very proud and I'm sure she's very proud of you. Thank you for sitting with me, Pete. It's great to see you. Thank You. I Appreciate the time. All the best of luck to you. God bless. Thank you. Yeah. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Did You know that American homeowners nationwide have over $32 trillion in equity and cyber criminals are targeting it with a growing scam. The FBI calls house, stealing, house alarms, doorbell, cameras, and deadbolts will not work against these thieves because they're not after your stuff, they're after your equity. If your title is not being monitored, scammers can transfer it into their name and then take out loans against it or even sell it behind your back. The best way to protect your equity is with triple lock protection from home title lock. Triple lock protection is 24 7 monitoring. And God forbid if the worst happens, restoration services at no out-of-pocket cost to you. When was the last time you checked on your home title? Likely never. And that's exactly what these scammers are counting on. Make sure you're not already a victim. You can get a free title, history report, and a 30 day free trial of triple lock protection today by going to home title lock.com and using promo code Megan. Or click on the link in the description, that's home title lock.com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N home title lock.com.


Build the professional toolkit you need to make a difference in your community in just five weeks. Be the spark for transformative change with UBC's community Leadership Skills courses. Through our institute for extended learning, community leaders at all levels are invited. You'll gain practical skills to apply immediately through courses taught by subject matter experts winter and spring courses begin in January with scholarships available. Learn more and register today@leader.umbc.edu.


Using AI to support fighter pilots that's smart. But at Leidos Smart isn't smart enough. That's why Leidos trusted mission AI learns and adapts to ever evolving battlefields just as a human does. To help humans do what they never could alone. Roger, New tasking, deploying strike package to new coordinates. Because when it comes to protecting the lives of those who serve, you've gotta make smart, smarter, leidos.