
It is game time. And if you've got a hunch about this NBA season, you could turn it into a big win on FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 or get 150 in bonus bets if you win. Ooh, that guy's hotter than a microwave burrito. Now that's red Hot Hunch 21 plus in President in Virginia must be first online Real money wager. $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable bonus vest. It expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. We are gonna get to some of the stories in the world of culture that have been dominating social media this week from what's happening with this Snow White and the actress who apparently can't stand her character to these weird tapes of Alec Baldwin and his wife. No clue what's happening there, but we'll dive into it. But we are gonna start with a much more serious story and one that's really important. If you've got a daughter in particular, this is important.


The story gripped the entire world. A few years ago, the disappearance of Gabby Petito. She vanished while on a cross country van journey with her boyfriend Brian. As most people now know, Gabby met a devastating end. She was murdered by Brian this week. Gabby would've turned 26 years old. Her family continues to celebrate her life and memory with their mission to help other victims of domestic abuse as a new Netflix documentary with which the family cooperated has put a spotlight on the story again. And there's been a lot of follow up on this critical traffic Stop.


The police intervening after they received a nine one one call suggesting a witness had seen Brian hit Gabby. The police pulled over the van as a result of that 9 1 1 call. And what happened next had the potential, the potential to save Gabby Petito. But it didn't. And one of the things the family wants to speak about is how we can do better these cops. But any cop and any family members seeing the signs of domestic abuse, many people have no idea what it looks like. Sounds like what the warning signs are.


Here is that 9 1 1 call. Hi, I'm calling. I'm right on the corner of Main Street by Moon Flower and we're driving by and I'd like to report a domestic dispute of Florida with a white van, Florida license plate, white land gentleman at five six Beard where they just drove off. They're going down Main Street. They made a a right onto Main Street from Moon Flower. And what were they doing? Cooperative. But what'd you say? What were they doing? We drove by and the gentleman was slapping the girl. He was slapping her. Yes. And then we stopped. They ran up and down the sidewalk. He proceeded to hit her, hopped in the car and they drove off.


That was days before Gabby Petito would wind up dead. Gabby's father Joe and her stepmom. Tara join me now along with their attorney Brian Stewart.


One in two adults have high blood pressure. Many don't even know it. That could be a ticking time bomb. But here's the good news. You have the power to take control naturally with one 20 Life. One 20 Life is a blend of great tasting superfruit juices that can actually help lower your blood pressure naturally. One 20 life is formulated with ingredients that have been shown to support healthy blood pressure levels. It's trusted by hundreds of health professionals and people have seen real measurable results. You can try it yourself risk free with their two week trial. Just go to one 20 life.com and use the code MK to save 15% and get free shipping. You can track your progress with a simple blood pressure monitor, watch your numbers drop and feel the difference. They're so sure that one 20 Life can noticeably lower your blood pressure in two weeks. That they will give you your money back if you're not satisfied. So you have nothing to lose. But those high blood pressure numbers, go to one 20 life.com. That's 1 2 0 life.com. And remember to use code MK to save 15%.


Thank you all so much for being here. I'm really grateful to you for speaking out. I'm sure even four years later, it is not easy. I've watched the Netflix documentary, it's very powerful. Joe, let me start with you on that. As as Gabby's dad, why did you think it was a good idea to do the documentary and to cooperate in making this story? We wanted it to be used as a learning tool. So we've learned that Gabby's video from Utah has being used in police training across the country. From what we understand and we want that to continue. The whole point was to to to take lessons from what you saw there through the whole thing from the beginning to the end.


And that was important for us. There were a lot of documentaries that were made, but You know, this is the one that we wanted to make, you know ourselves. And we think they did a a fantastic job of it. They did. It's, it's gripping and, and what's the way it unfolds is so gripping because you really get to know Gabby and you can tell that the family's participated. People who loved her are participating and helping us see her and understand her in a way we didn't from just the news clips or like the little snippets from her van vlogging, you know, stint provided. So thank you for cooperating. 'cause I just feel like it's filled out the Gabby picture so much more robustly.


It's amazing to me. Lemme just kick it off with this. So, so Joe, you're Gabby's dad, Tara, you were her stepmom and you, but you and your ex Gabby's mom, her biological mom, Joe, seem like you're good. Like you seem pretty close and and her husband too, who seems as invested. The four of you seem as like close as exes and new partners can be. Yeah, Tara and and Nikki travel a lot together. Jim and I. You know, we go to travel together, we'll play golf together. Yeah, it's been like that for a long, long time. Listen, it wasn't always easy. You, you know what I mean? There are disagreements that you have, but we always put Gabby first and if you do that, you can be all right.


Yeah, that's right. Well, one of the things you noticed in watching the documentary, getting to Know your family Well, by the way, Brian, we welcome to you as well. Sorry to leave you over there on. Thank you Noah, on other side. Appreciate you being here. That's no problem. One of the things that you see, at least this is what I gleaned, is that Gabby came from very loving family and it explains this effervescence about this young woman. That's the only word that came to mind. Just effervescent. You should just her, you know, the million dollar smile and her positive energy and her sweetness, her love of nature and and of life. And I can't use any of those words about Brian, and it's not just because I know Not you, Brian, different Brian, Be a different Brian.


Brian Laund, he seemed like a very dark person right from the start in the, in the Netflix documentary show some of his art, which also is very dark as opposed to hers. She was a great artist, which is beautiful. Hers is stunningly beautiful. His is dark with like disturbing scenes. And I wonder to you, Joe and Tara, whether when you met him, they'd been together a couple of years. You saw any of that prior. So at first we really liked Brian. He came into our home and he was kind and he was just, he was very quiet. He could be a little awkward, but he was ki but he was kind.


So we didn't see any of that, I think for me. And he was soft spoken too, which is like, he was Very, yes. So, but I think for me, I, I guess right before they went on this trip, I saw a change in Gabby's behavior and I thought it was her. And I think I was just blaming the wrong person. I didn't understand certain things, what the, why things were happening now. Now we lived in New York at the time they lived in Florida. It's a perfect storm of isolation. So I, there was a shift where I was like, to something not right here. And I, and I don't think the other parents agreed with me at that, that point.


It was only me who felt that way. Even my kids still were like, no, we really like Brian. He's such a good guy. And I was like, no, something, something's not, something's not right to me. There's something off. Yeah. You know, when you look, look at it in retrospect, I didn use a Boyfriend. I didn't any of her boyfriends. No. I said I didn't like any of her boyfriends. Never did because she's my baby. You, you know what I mean? So I always had that mistrust, but nothing to the extent of what happened. So When you look at the Van Life vlog that Gabby and Brian were doing, you know, gonna cross travel cross country and go to the great national parks and give us all a window into what that would be like, this tiny, tiny little van.


It's only in retrospect now that we know what happened. That to me, one of the things that jumped out in the Netflix documentary was that whole thing now seems like control and isolation on his part. No wonder he wanted this Joe, right Now that you know what, you know, do you have a different view of the whole purpose, at least on his part in doing it? No. So Gabby's the one that wanted to travel in the van. Like that's something that she wanted to do. Right. You know, I think he kind of went along with it for the ride. But when you look at domestic violence and the processes that, that it goes with, you know, the isolation, you know, from friends and then family and then themselves and all that stuff.


So I, I think he was into it, you know, because he would have her all to himself. So I didn't think from a, from an abuser standpoint, there's no downside to that. 'cause then you have 'em all to yourself. So, but this was what Gabby wanted. She really wanted to travel the country and I mean, that's just who she was. She really just loved nature and stuff. So, and she worked really, really hard on that van. And then we, we, we crushed it because we didn't want it to, to be out there and people selling it, you know what I mean? Or showing it off 'cause 'cause it's so painful for us. So we, we had to make sure we got rid of it. Yeah. But Gabby, Gabby Rid of the van. Sure. She I'm sorry, what was that?


What did you get rid of? We, we crushed the van. The van. Oh, you did? Oh yeah. Who could blame you? Sorry, go ahead. Go ahead Tara. Gabby loved adventure. So yes, this was something that she wanted to do. She loved to take pictures, she loved to take videos. So that was all her, she wanted to be a video blogger and show the country. She wanted to show her going on these adventures and how amazing the US is and all these national parks. And I think she did that. The, the pictures that she took were absolutely beautiful. The videos that she took, I mean, they were amazing. And that was her, that was all her, that was her talent.


Yeah. Well you can see that. And you do get to see some great sites of beauty in those videos then pictures that, that are in the piece. It just occurred to me that that's an abuser's perfect solution. You know, it, I'm, I believe you that Gabby wanted to do it, not knowing that she was engaged to a domestic violence perpetrator. But I'm sure, given what I heard from one of Gabby's best friends in the Netflix documentary, forgive me, I don't remember her name. She's got the tats, she's blonde. Rose. Rose. We Love Rose. Rose, okay. Rose. She talked in the Netflix piece about how she felt he was starting to isolate Gabby. Like when she and Gabby were spending too much time together, Gabby was leaning too much on her friend or Pote even potentially her parents.


He started to get upset and started to wanna isolate her, which is just exactly on brand for an abuser. So you can see how Gabby's innocence about traveling the country and, you know, hitting the road together would've been right up his alley. Like he, he gets her away from you guys. He gets her away from her mom and Jim. He gets her away from Rose and her other friends. And it, it's this perfect formula, formula for, you know, the storm that was coming. What, what do you guys make of that? You're not wrong. You know, that's, that's how it works. You know, you, you alienate the friends first, then you alienate the family. You tell 'em that they're, they don't need their job and the people they work for are horrible, you know?


So now they're not working and then they don't need a car. So they're not there financially and dependent on, on, on the abuser. And it, it really is a, it's a slow process when you look at it from a high level view over the course of a few years, you can kind of piece that together. But on the day to day it's, it's, it's kind of difficult, you know? And that's, that's the stuff that we're doing with the foundation now. You know, kind of bring that stuff to, to the forefront where you can see that, where we can talk about it, spot the signs kind, pay attention to some of the things that people are saying, just just their reactions, you know, and, and speak up and learn how to talk to your friends about it. And we're gonna get into the specifics about the signs to look for and all that.


Lemme just tee it up and I'll go to you chart in one second. Here is Rose from the Netflix documentary. And this, one of the interesting things they did in the documentary was to not have an actress voiceover Gabby's journal entries, but to use AI to recreate her voice. Which is really, that must be somewhat chilling and maybe weirdly comforting for you guys in a way to hear I'm, I'll ask you about it, but let me just play this soundbite where it's a Gabby voice, ai recreation of one of her journal entries and the clip features her friend Rose. I think there was a moment before her van life that she started to open her eyes.


Brian, you know how much I love you. Just please stop crying and stop calling me names you in pain is killing me. Gabby was constantly over at my house and kinda getting more frustrated and the more her and I were together and talking and having a good time, she actually felt more independent. And that's when he was like, okay, I gotta do something to change this. Let me isolate her. If I get her away from her job, I get her away from her friend. She only has me. And then next thing you know, they were gone.


Hmm. Tara, that is really chilling. It's hard to hear. We have so many videos of her voice, so it's slightly off. So it was kind of weird to hear it for the first time. Again, we have so many videos, it's always hard to watch her, but I love seeing her. So I'm glad we have those memories. I'm glad we have all those videos of her. Again, it was just weird to hear her voice in ai 'cause it's, again, it's, it's slightly off, but it does sound a lot like her. So When you see the, the increase and, and you know, you hear that messaging, please stop crying. And the, the documentary shows a lot of those.


Like there were numerous messages by Gabby or by him Brian, acknowledging his tears and how upset he was and how dark he was. And Gabby blaming herself. And even when she writes about how he loved her, there are statements like, I don't deserve his love. You know, like he's this sort of vaunted guy who she's so lucky to have. Meanwhile, I feel like, I mean you guys probably know a much, much more about it at this point, but I, to me the whole thing feels like an emotional manipulation by him of her. Well, abuse is a process. It's not just one event.


And a lot it, it normally starts with them charming, you love bombing you, and then it slightly turns and they'll only show that behavior and, and every relationship is different. But they'll start showing those behaviors after the relationship has been going on for quite a while. And that's when you start seeing, they're clever. They, because you always believe that they're gonna go back to that love of bombing. And you always believe that they are. You see, try to see the good in them. So that's part of the manipulation. And Brian definitely was doing that to Gabby. And it doesn't always start physical either. It could start again with the manipulation, the financial, and it's, it is can be a slow process, it can be a faster process.


But once they have you, that's when I feel like it will shift Their, their true colors come out. There was another interesting piece in the Netflix doc about his mother, Roberta, who I must say comes across as a villain in this thing. But before we get to that, can we talk about what happened, Joe, when she, when Gabby went down to Florida, you, you guys, as I understand she was raised in Long Island, but then she moved down to Florida to be with Brian and she was with him and his parents and the mother started off fine toward Gabby, but this is before the van trip. She took a turn and there's speculation on why she took a turn in the peace show.


Yeah. So I guess I have to start it off with in my opinion. But other than that, yeah, y you know, it's was almost like a again, you know, speculation, but a, a jealousy that was, that was going on where Brian was giving all his attention to Gabby and not to his mom and, and that that that you could see on how things changed and how she was very critical of Gabby and, and, and getting on her for things that her own son would do. So, and then you had that letter that she wrote, which was just, I mean the Burn after reading letter.


Well it's, the mother did write a very bizarre letter to Son. Yeah. That a style letter, right? That was a little rough there to, I don't know how a parent writes that to a child and thinks it's funny, but apparently they did. So To me it's, it's interesting just because now you have a window into this being a very unwell young man. And so the parents are obviously a source of interest too. And the mother's jealousy over a girlfriend is odd and strange. And you see Gabby texts in this piece too. Once again, Roberta's seems mad at her and Brian acknowledging she, she gets very dark. This happened throughout my childhood, you know, it just be patient, it passes. So it's still a mystery there, but we're gleaning more from this piece than we had prior about these parents who were totally uncooperative in the search for Gabby and appear based on what I saw in the film, to have known right from the get go that he killed her.


I mean, that seems pretty clear that they got on the phone. I mean, I'll bring you in on this Brian as the attorney. It appears from the phone logs that the parents called their lawyer that they lawyered up immediately after getting a call from Brian in the Grand Tetons within what looks like hours of Gabby dying. Yeah. All indications are that they were aware of what was going on and, and immediately took steps to protect Brian rather than look after Gabby or or her parents' interests. And it was really unfortunate. Right. So because it looks like you, you guys reveal that he, we believe it was the next day after we believe the murder happened.


I think that we believe the murder was 8 27 of 21. And that on 8 28 he called his parents had an hour long conversation with his mother, and then the next call the parents made was to a lawyer. And then we know shortly thereafter, Brian returned home to Florida with without Gabby, which no one knew. And you guys, meanwhile Joe and Tara are frantic at some, eventually you get frantic at the beginning. You're like, I haven't heard from Gabby, where's Gabby? She's kind of, you know, she whatever, she's in the desert. And then it switches over to, no, this is not normal. And that's when you, you brought in the national media and ultimately you, you kept going to Brian's parents saying, have, have you guys heard from them?


And they were completely uncooperative and we now know were housing. Brian, we believe also knew what he had done, or at least that Gabby was no longer with us and were trying to cover it up or hide it or do something other than the right thing. So can you just take us back to that time, Joe and it, it was you, was it not who brought in the national media to try to get attention from The gap Is, wait, I just wanna, I wanna clarify something. So they hired their attorney in Long Island. They sent him the check and then that attorney actually got the attorney out in Wyoming. He's the, their attorney in Long Island was looking for an attorney. So, and he, their attorney in Long Island is actually the one that signed the retainer in the one for Wyoming.


Why, why is that important? Because it, I felt like they were hiding. So I guess it shows that they knew, again, my opinion, it shows that they knew they where things happened. Remember when Gabby first went missing and we were frantic and bring in the national media we had from Wyoming all the way down to Florida. You, you know, so you're talking to a 2,500 miles, you know, at that point where they had hired an attorney in Wyoming, you know, to represent Brian in case they, I Got it Went, went sideways. So How did they know to hire an attorney in Wyoming? Yep. Got It. If Gabby Got just ran off and she was gone because that's what they said in the deposition that Gabby just ran off.


She was gone, but he needed an attorney. So if they were breaking up, why would they need an attorney specifically in Wyoming? Right. Because what, what you guys knew in the beginning was that, that he's home, suddenly you find out he's home and the van is here, but Gabby is not here. And so is it the case that they never spoke to you? Like you, obviously you were calling and Nikki Gabby's mom was calling and her husband Jim was calling. So did they ever speak to you? No. So the, I've never spoken to them. Matter of fact, the first time I heard them say anything was at the deposition.


So In the civil case you brought against them? Yes. For the, for the civil case. 'cause we wanted answers. That was, that was the reason why that was done. And once we got the answers, you know, we weren't gonna get anything else from them at that point. So it really was, is what it is. But You know, when we, we first went to the natural media, her story wasn't picked up as, as fast as people really think it was. Once the Moab video went out, I think that's when her story really blew up. Because you know, I I I guess in previous interviews I had said that it was like, maybe she's, you know, she's pretty, or it's her color or it's the story, you know, that's why her story went out that, you know, as far as it did.


But after watching the Netflix documentary and seeing the reaction afterwards, you know, I realize now that it wasn't just her color or the way she looked, it was that so many other people see themselves in that position and, you know, really just empathize with Gabby because they've been there before and not just here in the States all over the country. I mean all over the, all over the planet. So it's just such a prevalent problem. And you, you know, the fact that people now are doing these videos on how they survived and how they got out and all that stuff, I'd love for that to continue to inspire others to do it. If someone feels safe and comfortable enough to where they can share their story and inspire others to do it.


I, I just, I I think that's gonna help get rid of the shame from the victim and really put it where it belongs on the abuser. That's so right. That's, that's exactly it. I I cannot imagine your frustration while you're trying to find your child and the parents of the young man she was traveling with just won't respond to you. They just won't, they won't say anything, which is why eventually you called the police. You know what's really good though? I'll tell you. This is all the support that we got, right? So anything that we wanted to say publicly, but our attorney told us we weren't allowed to, sorry Brian, I love you was everyone else said it for us.


Like we didn't have to defend ourselves or come out and say something, you know, that's not accurate because people did it for us. And the support that we got was I, I mean, unfathomable. So again, that's why we have the foundation now to, to, to help out as many people as we can because everyone helped us. So we're trying to repay that. It was eventually, you know, you, you did call the police and got attention via the media and the police went to Brian Laundries parents' home where he'd been staying with them in Florida. And the video of some of what happened appears in the Netflix flick.


Let's watch a little bit in, so six This time that you saw Brian and, and Gabriel. Well Brian is here. Brian is here. Yeah. And, and that's why I'm gonna say, and that that's why you're saying, yeah, we, we haven't turned. And just to let the detective know, is Gabriel here or no, she's not here. Is this her vehicle? Her van? Yes, it's both of them. I know you've already said you don't want to speak. If you guys know anything, it would let the parents at ease and go from there. Well, We, we don't know anything. Okay. Nothing. So, I mean, anything that you guys would be able to give them is any type of help.


Last time your son saw her, anything like that. Am I able to talk to your son? The other officer said he's Not gonna talk to me. I mean, as a parent you wouldn't want to know where it happened with your, I understand what you're Saying, but that thank you. I mean, no, we're not gonna, It, it makes it very odd, don't you think? From my point of view, Chris? We'll, time for Now. You you, you couldn't call our attorney and gimme a phone number. I mean you, when, when did you see that video for the first time? You two Last year? Last year maybe. I, I don't really recall. So was when we actually saw it, but we did not see that video right away.


Okay. So it was after you knew what had happened with Gabby. But you must have been told by the police, the parents won't get, it's not that just that we couldn't reach them. It's not that they said they don't know. It's that they're refusing to talk to us. And your reaction when you heard that was what? So the night of September 11th, when we finally got Gabby reported missing, we got a call from Nikki. She had, she's the one who got her reported missing up in New York because we, it was Gabby's mom. We were having a difficult time getting her reported missing. We were calling Northport police, we were calling Utah to Utah. 'cause that was our last known, known location where Gabby was.


So we were having a difficult time. But when Nikki finally was able to report her missing, she had called us immediately after and told us that Gabby is not there. Brian is home. And they lawyered up. And that's all we knew at that point in time. That was the most chilling feeling. It was a nightmare that we were like, wait, what do you mean? Because at first we really thought that they were still together and maybe they just were off the grid for a little while and we just couldn't get in touch. We, I mean, we were looking for both of them. We wanted to, to know where both of them were.


So getting that phone call was the second worst phone call I've ever received in my life. Yeah. That had to be the beginning of realizing what had happened. I totally understand. Ugh. It's awful. It's awful. Just to jump to the, the, the worst part was when you found out, of course, that he had killed her, that she was dead and, and her remains were found. And then there was a period thereafter where we realized Brian had escaped, for lack of a better term, from his parents' house, notwithstanding the media and the cops having all eyes on him. And he eventually took his own life in a park not far from his home.


And hi, his bodies, his remains were found about a month after he shot himself in the head, according to the coroner with a bizarre suicide note. I don't wanna spend a lot of time on of it, but, but he, he tried to blame Gabby basically, basically tried to say she hurt herself and it was a mercy kill. And just for the record, that's utter nonsense. Correct? That, that it's, it does not dovetail at all with what the coroner said happened to Gabby. No, No, not at all. That's just it. Yeah, No, yeah. We like to try to focus, I try to erase them out of my memory. I don't wanna think about Brian, I don't wanna think about the parents. I just wanna think about Gabby.


I wanna move forward and try to do good in the world. I want to use her legacy and try to help as many other people as possible. Again, that's why we did the documentary to shed light on and awareness on domestic violence and also missing people. That's really our main, main goal. Can I just say one thing? So you were able to chuckle there, Joe, when we were showing the note. It's pretty extraordinary. As I've been watching you, I don't know you watching you, you seem like a very affable man and that's how your daughter was too. Is it, is how are you, how are you even able to, to laugh?


Like, and given everything you've been through, is it just your natural countenance? Is it something you were born with that you passed along to your beautiful daughter? Like, talk about how you handle that emotionally. It, it's a few things. Listen, I got a great support system, you know, and, and not just with Tara of my boys, Nikki, Jim. So when there's hard times, like yesterday was Gabby's birthday, you know, like yesterday we just sat around and moed around the house all day and did a puzzle. Like that's like, IIII will never work on her birthday ever again. You know? But not that letter that you showed, like, it's such fiction. Like, you, you can't help but laugh at it because it's so ridiculous.


You know? We know it's not true. You know? And the, the fact that he even thought that that was okay to write it just shows where his mental state was. You know, we try to really take as much, see I'm all for, you know, learning lessons, you know what I mean? That's something I've always done since, you know, I was a kid. You know, take the learning lesson from whatever you can and what we've learned from this. We're trying to help others, you know, take the pictures, take the take, take the videos. 'cause you never know when you're gonna need them. You know? And that's what helped with Gabby's story when it came to, to, to her missing. You know, I, I, I talk about it a lot. How we were on hold the trying to get her story to do an interview while she was missing.


And they, one of the producers asked me, Hey listen, do you mind if we use her pictures and videos from online? And he said, absolutely. I guess he meant to put me on hold or mute me or mute himself. And he told his boss, he's like, yeah, we got permission. This is gonna be a sellable story. You know? And you know, I I, and, and I'm not, I'm not faulting. Listen, I understand sometimes you get desensitized with certain things being in the line of work that, that these people Are in. You have to, Yeah. And, and, and, and, and my heart breaks from 'em. 'cause it really, you know, they hear the worst stories you can, you can ever imagine, right? So, but when people go missing those videos, the movements, the sounds helps. So take them, you know, take that as a learning lesson.


You know, the stuff that we learned from dv, go to the Gabby Petito foundation.org, you know, and look at, you know, the resources that you have. Because I'll tell you this more than anything else, you know, I know you asked me how I feel, how the reason why I'm able to do that is because of the work that we do. You know, most people don't even know where to begin to find resources. You know, we say it all the time's, But you, you have, you have pain with a purpose now you have pain with a purpose. Yeah. You know, like, there's the phrase stop, drop and roll. Now, I don't know about you other than being, you know, other than the firemen that I might be watching this, you know, how many times have you almost been on fire? You know what I mean? I can tell you it's not very hot. Where, how many times have someone been in a domestic violence incident, one out three women, you know what I mean?


One out of five men, 10 to 20 million children a year. You know, that number's so much higher. Why are we not talking about this? This is a lifesaving education. By learning about it and talking about it and making people aware it's not a dirty secret. You know, stuff like that. Take the lessons and, and, and show 'em to everybody and hopefully you won't have another Gabby story. So that's how laugh and stuff. I, I mean, I've interviewed a lot of domestic violence survivors a lot. And most of them older than Gabby. And the patterns are so familiar, right? The, the woman making excuses for the man, the woman wanting and needing to believe the promises that it will never happen again.


The woman returning to the man and then defending and making excuses for the man. And of course all of his controlling behavior over her, you know, and it, and it does tend to be escalatory. You're right. The love bombing starts all, almost every woman I know says I would leave after the first hit, the first time he hit me or punched me, I'd be out the door. And it's just far more complicated than that. Strong women, smart women, successful women stay. They do stay. And there are all sorts of psychological and emotional reasons why they stay. So everyone listening to this knows, it needs to know. It could happen to you, it could happen to your daughter and you, it's the outside circle.


Hopefully that can help the person who's being hurt extract themselves from it. But you can't if you don't know the signs. And that brings me to what happened in Moab with the 9 1 1 call. By the way, I've meaning to ask you, have you guys ever met the guy who called 9 1 1 after they, they saw Brian hit Gabby? I haven't. No, we have not. I wonder, I I, I wonder if like he would, I I bet he'd love to meet you. I mean, he tried, you know, like that's just a good Samaritan who tried. He saw what was happening and he did what most people like might not do. Like get involved, you know, call the cops on somebody. Actually, I believe most people probably would've, but I, but many people would not have in any event.


So we played that soundbite. He called the 9 1 1 and then the police showed up. And the police are very affable. They seem to be wanting to do the right thing, but they do not do the right thing. And they let the whole story get manipulated on site by Brian and frankly Gabby. But that's, if you know anything about DV then you know that she's going to do that. You know, and you have an eye witness, an independent eye witness saying he hit her, he hit her. When they show up on the scene, she's got bruises and cuts on her face, bruises on her arm, which they do point out. And he's got some sort of marks on his face too. There, there's the terrible picture. And here's just a bit of how the exchange went when the cops via body cam start talking to Gabby about what happened at SAT eight.


You wanna, yeah, I dunno. It just some days I have really bad OCD and Okay. I just, I was just cleaning and screaming up back the man before and I was apologizing to him and saying, I'm sorry that I'm so mean because sometimes I have OCD and sometimes I just get really frustrated. Not like, mean towards to him. I just like, I guess my vibe is like, I be like in a bad mood and I'm trying to start a blog. Okay. Have a body stuff. So I've been building my website so I didn't even really stress, but he doesn't really believe that I could do any of it. So that's kind of been like a, I don't know, he's like in down there.


I don't know. We didn't even fight him one morning and let me in the car before. Why wouldn't he let you in the car? 'cause your OCD told me I need to calm down. He really stresses me out and I just, this is a rough morning. Hmm. What's that like for you guys now? To see her blaming herself almost entirely. I just wanna reach out to her and hug her and be there for her and help her. So it's really, it's really difficult to watch, but then it makes us wanna fight harder. I mean, we are all about backing the blue and, and getting the resources to police officers, making sure that they know what domestic violence looks like.


There are amazing. What, What do you wish those cops knew? Tara? What do you, what do you wish those cops on site with Gabby that day knew? I Wish they had the right training and tools to know about strangulation. If they knew about strangulation, I think they could have helped Gabby if they knew about the red flags, I believe that they would've been able to, to, to help her and connect her to the resources necessary for her to get out of the relationship safely. Like, like what? Anything in particular? There's A few things. There's a few things. I Don't know what we can really get into. Yeah. I mean, well to be honest, so when she puts her hand here, that's an indicator that she was, that she's been strangled before for The losing audience.


She, you're putting your hand in front of like your, your chin. Go keep going. Yeah. Well She Covered a Mouth. It, she covers here. So even if they cover here, here or here, it's an indicator that they've strangled before. Oh Wow. The markings on him could be an indicator that she was trying to get his arms off of her. A lot of times with strangulation, the the defensive wounds are on the perpetrator, not the victim because they're trying to, they're trying to claw out. There's actually a video here in Florida that a police officer, because there's the sunshine laws that all of their body cam is, you can see it.


So there's a video where a victim bit the perpetrator's arm right here. And the cops did, were not aware of the fact that that could be an indicator of strangulation as well. Even though the woman kept saying that she choked him out. So the defensive wounds can wind up on, on the, the perpetrator and not the victim. Right. The fact, the fact that he had marks on him does not mean she was the aggressor. Keep going Ex. Exactly, exactly. So that, that's one thing. Sorry, I'm just drawing a No, That's okay. This There, It's very difficult. There are, there Are other things too. You know this, you can't lock someone out of their home.


Right. And they were on a road trip, that vehicle was their home and that car was registered to Gabby. Right. So taking the keys away from her and locking her out of her vehicle is not something that someone should be able to do. You know, there were I think 2 9 1 1 calls to be honest. Yeah. Of Gabby being hit. That's right. So when you do all those things and then there was also a lethality assessment should have been done in Utah. And you can correct me if I'm wrong on that, Brian, since, since like 2018, which now actually the law patent now, now they actually have it as a mandate since 2023. And that was because there was another woman who went, who was killed name was Mandy, Maine on a domestic violence incident.


You know, but she happened to be the lieutenant governor's niece and when someone who has that type of power, you know what I mean, could get things done quicker. Yeah. And that's how we were introduced to the lethality assessment. 'cause once we learned about that, we actually brought that law here to the state of Florida that was signed last year. And you know, we worked on a committee with the police chiefs, the Sheriff's Association, DCFS and other DV organizations to help bring it here. And they rolled it out here too. And we're working in other states to do the same because it is, it is a tool that can help a lot. Do you wanna speak to that? The lethality assessment that, that more cops are now starting to do and that these cops you believe?


Yeah. So a Lethality assessment Yeah, go ahead. Is a series the, I can't speak the lethality assessment is a series of 11 questions that a first responder or a police officer will ask to figure out if a person's in a, in a lethal situation or not. But just asking the 11 questions isn't the, isn't as important as the, the, the, the county or the department to be tied in with an organization for domestic violence. Be a shelter and stuff like that. Yeah. So, so they get the training. These guys said they had training. I mean that, that's the thing. And like the way they're talking about it is like guys who have had training, but You know, you have to wonder if it was the right training. Can you give us a couple of the lethality questions, Joe?


Well, yeah. They'll ask you, have you been strangled before or is this person, you know, have they, are there kids in the home, maybe kids and that not are, that not are theirs. They, they'll ask you a bunch of questions and you can see it too that, that that's all broken out. But it's in the way that they ask them. And the really important part is letting the victim read their answers back. 'cause it's almost like that disassociation when you read a book. It's stuff like that. Sometimes you feel like you're in that book or you're in that character when they read their answers back in their head, they're like, I can't believe I answered that way. Like, they know whether or not that's the truth. Oh wow. So it's, it's things like that can really make that difference. And I said, now Utah has that law.


Florida has that law. New York has got a bill right now we're working with Wyoming to do it, Georgia to do it as well as other countries to do it too. So we've been asked to help out with Australia and Ireland and United Kingdom, so, Oh, that's incredible. Alright, let me, let me keep it going because I do wanna spend a little bit more time on this traffic stop. Then they talk to Brian and Brian, he's not crying. He's actually kind of laughing at a couple of points on this and he's completely dissembling. I mean, if you know anything about how to detect deception, it's, it's jumping off the screen at you. He's not answering the direct questions.


He's wiggling, he's his body language, all of it, which was not detected. But here's sot nine. Hey, what's going on? It, we see this gets worked up sometimes and I try and really distance myself from her. So like I, I locked her car and I walked away from her. Well what happened this morning is that she's trying to start up like her own little website log and everything. So I, every time, and we really had a nice morning if every and if anything, but what way? I said, let's just take a breather and let's not, you know, go anywhere. Let's just calm down for a minute. Because she was getting woke up and then she had her phone was trying to get the keys. So that way I was just trying to, I know I shouldn't push, but I was just trying to push her away to go, let's, let's just take a minute, step back and breathe and see if she got me through her phone.


So you pushed her and she hit you? She was, I wasn't, I I didn it wasn't like a push and she jumped on me. She was, she was already, she was already, I don't wanna, she was already swinging there. I yeah, Smiling nails On her ring is fine. And I look at her, I, I hope she doesn't have too many complaints about me. Hope she doesn't have too many complaints about me watching that now. Does what? I don't, I know you don't wanna spend a lot of time on him, which is I'm, I'm fine with, but it, that's gotta it's gotta be very striking. And this is, this is why the lethality assessment is so important because stranglers are the most dangerous people to walk this earth.


If they, if a man ever or puts their hand around your neck, the chances of them killing you increases to 750%. And so these questions are not just about the safety of the victim, it's also about the safety of the officers. Because again, they are the most dangerous, it's the most lethal form of domestic abuse. De I'm sorry, domestic violence calls are the most dangerous for officers too. So having the right training tutelage when it comes to how to, how to handle that situation is all, like you said, you can look at the, the Florida bill, the Utah bill and how to handle it.


It's, it's a great program. You know, again, but having the resources is important and knowing where to go when you're in that situation. You know, if you could put the phone number up 1-800-799-SAFE, you know what I mean? That's the number to the National Domestic Violence Hotline. That's a great place to start. You know, that's the number that we give out, you know, all over the country here because it Is called 1-800-799-SAFE just for people listening at home. 1-800-799-SAFE. I do wanna get to this next thing. So the cops in this exchange do start talking about how partners wind up murdered.


I mean it's really incredible. But they decide that Brian is the one who was the victim, that Gabby was the primary aggressor. He laughs I'm gonna play. So 10 and sought 11 back to back. Let's watch, We're living together. So you, you meet the statue for domestic partners and you do have injury and both an independent witness, probably the next one we're gonna talk to as well, which we haven't talked to you, but one, the one we did talk to, and your own companion have made it clear that she was the primary aggressor and that she was striking you and you just received injuries. You have been to striking her. She has not been to her witness, did not you strike her.


So at this point, you're the victim of domestic assault that even if you didn't want to pursue This, he's laughing. We don't have A choice. How far do you wanna go with this? Like, you know why the domestic assault code is there? It's there to, to protect people. Especially the reason why they don't give a discretion on these things is because too many times women who are at risk want to go back to their abuser. They just wanted him to stop and they don't want to have to be separated. They don't want him charged, they don't want him to go to jail and then they end up getting worse and worse treatment and then they end up getting killed in no way, shape or form that I can perceive. Does what happened here, A little slap fight between fiances who love each other, wanna be together.


Can I perceive that this is gonna digress into the situation where he's gonna be a battered man. Right. But then again, I don't have a crystal ball. Brian Stewart, you're the attorney as you hear that, it's what's it's incredible what we see there because you see the cop is right on he's exact, he's got it exactly right. Women will defend and then they'll wind up murdered. But at the end he completely turns it to he's the victim and he dismisses the whole thing. Is the quote, a little slap fight. And I think the reason he did that is because he thinks Gabby's the only one who really slapped anyone, notwithstanding her bruised and battered face.


What do you make of that? Well that's really why this case is so instructive, is because it's so well documented. You can see the injury, you can hear the, the witness call. You can see how the, how the parties are reacting to each other. And you actually get to see the officer's thought process. So they admit that they know that there was an assault, that there were is visible injury on both parties and that they had witnesses saying that they had hit her. And, and so they're aware of that and they choose not to do further investigation and they choose not to follow Utah law, which required them to in effect an arrest to and to separate them.


And so and so, while they, they know that the reason for the law is to protect domestic violence victims from the eventual murder or, or, or worse violence that can come from, from not intervening in these situations. They didn't appreciate the risk they did. Like he, this officer Pratt said, yeah, that's the law and yeah, that's what it's intended to prevent, but I don't think that will happen here because of my experience and my biases. And so that is, that's really why the lethality assessment protocol that they should have done would've been so, so important because understanding the law and the situation, they could have asked these questions and appreciated and helped Gabby appreciate the danger that she was in.


Can I just ask you, so my own take on it is the, the cop was saying that I don't think that there's, this is gonna turn lethal because he was thinking about Gabby as the abuser and I I to it seemed to me he was like, she's the one to blame. I don't think she's gonna kill him. And which just is just further evidence to me of how this thing got off the rails. He had it wrong. His, his foundational assumptions were all wrong. And I will tell you my own take watching it is it gets very irritating because he's, everyone there is kind of dismissing her as this hysteric, you know, the, the cops on scene, Brian's kinda laid back laughing like, oh, you know, she's hysterical.


And then, and Gabby is the only one blaming herself. No one there is really probing. Whether Brian is to blame, like that to me is the, the real problem here, Brian. I don't know how, how do we train cops to get past that when everyone, both of the perpetrators are blaming the woman and the cops here seem to have a natural inclination that she, women are hysterical and really obviously she's the emotional problem, Right? And and that really becomes obvious, the biases that they have. They're clearly identifying with Brian even during the stop they have conversations with Brian saying, yeah, my wife gets crazy too. My wife gets upset too. And yeah.


And so they're identifying with Brian and his situation in, in dealing with an upset woman. And so they're not seeing it from Gabby's perspective. So part of the training that that officers and law enforcement need is not just, you know, what are the signs and, and what is the law, but also to be aware of their own biases and to be aware enough to be able to put themselves in the situation of, of both of the participants in a, in a domestic violence situation, Right? Because it's like, I think most cops are coming to this thinking about themselves. Like I, I would never have hit my wife. I would obviously, this isn't even like a tool in my brain that I, I can go to as a possibility here.


But of course you're dealing with all sorts of people out there when you pull a car over who are not cops, who are not trained and protecting other people and who are in potential cases, in impossible cases, actual bad guys. Here are some of the questions from the lethality assessment for our audience. Has he or she ever used a weapon against you or threatened you with a weapon? Has he or she threatened to kill you or your children? Do you think he or she might try to kill you? Do they have a gun? Can they get one easily? Have they ever tried to choke you? Have they violently or constantly? Are they violently or constantly jealous or does he or she control most of your daily activities? Have you left him or her or separated after living together or being married?


Are they unemployed? Have they ever tried to kill themselves? Do you have a child that is not your, your partners? Do they ever spy on you or leave you threatening messages? So these are all great questions and you guys want this lethality assessment done in, in as many instances as possible. But in the context of doing all this, you have a wrongful death lawsuit against that police department in, in Moab, Utah. And they have defended it by citing this governmental immunity act, which basically as a state decision, not to allow itself to be subjected to these kinds of claims because it would cost the taxpayers ultimately. And that's on its way up, Brian, to the Utah Supreme Court as I understand it.


That's correct. The wrongful death lawsuit was dismissed at the trial court level because of the governmental immunity Act. But the Utah Constitution says that, that the legislature and statute cannot infringe a person's ability to bring a wrongful death lawsuit against or to recover in wrongful death for damages. And so there's a conflict between the Utah constitution and this governmental immunity statute. And that's the basis of our appeal to the Utah Supreme Court. So you have attain obtained a settlement from Brian LA's parents already, correct?


Brian, There, there, there was some, some settlement, but I'll, I'll let Joe and Tara speak to that if, if they'd like, okay, Sure. Yeah. I, I guess you can call it that. It's Miss Florida. You, you know, we, we just wanted the answers, to be honest with you. And the, the, the, the, the Brian LA's estate was a arbitrary number that it didn't exist. Brian didn't have money, you know what I mean? So, I mean, he was 22. So no, it, it, the one's got nothing to do with the other. We're, we're strictly focused on helping people. That's, that's what we're doing at this point in time. And but did you, Get's our fault. Did did you get answers? Did they finally, did they finally, The parents, we got answers the truth.


You know what I mean? We got as many answers as we can get and we're not gonna get any bit more, you know? And to be honest with you, all I would do at this point in time would be selfish. You know, gratification brought for a few seconds and then you go right back to being, you know, hurt and, you know, there's never closure on the death of a child, you know? So it's not gonna help me hearing those answers at this point anyway. It really isn't. Mm. You know, now, now we want to hear, you know, other stories and get those things out, get as much information out there to maybe inspire someone to leave or help get a story out there for someone that's missing that, you know, can help we, you know, give, get found right away. I mean, that's, that's what we do now.


That's, that's our focus. Just, just your participation in this documentary. You guys, I have to tell you, I have a 13-year-old, almost 14-year-old daughter. And I'm gonna have her watch this. I'm gonna watch this with her and point out, you know, red flags moments where, you know, her own behavior, her own, her own guides should be up, her guards should be up. God forbid this would ever happen to her. And I'm sure there are millions of moms and dads across the country who will do the same thing. I know it doesn't justify or really make anything better, but at least I think Gabby would be glad to know she had some sort of a legacy that includes protecting other girls and women.


And, and that's why we, we did the documentary. Trust me, I did not wanna sit down and interview all day. 'cause it just opens up wounds. It just opens up. It just re it's re-traumatizing. It's re-triggering. It's, it's so emotionally hard and exhausting. That's not why. But the reason, that's not why we did it. We did it. So it could be used as a learning tool so that other young women can look at it and see the red flags and see themselves in that same situation and be like, okay, if it can happen to this beautiful blonde, blue eyed girl, it can, it can happen to me. It can happen. But 'cause domestic violence doesn't see a color, it doesn't see a financial status.


It, it can happen to anybody at any point in time. Doesn't know where you live. It, it just, and I think that's the important part of it, and that's the reason why we did it. Just to create more awareness. And that's what it did. We've had so many more emails coming into our foundation website. We've had requests for us to go out and and speak. We've had requests on tools and resources. I think we've had around 200,000 people since the documentary come out looking at the website, Trying to find resources, Trying to find resources. So, right. That was the one thing that was To your point, I was gonna say, to your point about it doesn't discriminate across against class.


One of the other big hits on Netflix these days is the, the newest take on the OJ Simpson case. And it's excellent. It's very well done. But of course, she died from domestic violence. She was killed by her abuser, and they were as rich as you can get in America. And so it's like, it doesn't discriminate based on money or success or fame. It Can happen to, I've had, I've had some pretty, pretty well-known people contact me and just want to tell me their story, you know, and for, for hours cry to me on the phone, you know what I mean? On, on their own domestic violence issue that they, they had to, you know, go through and not, it really doesn't hold any, any status or, or race or gender.


You know, it affects everybody. And not just women. You know, there, there are men who are victims, you know what I mean? Yeah. And when men try to tell their story, they get laughed at, you know what I mean? People don't take them seriously, you know, so that's something that we have to start doing. You know, like 10 to 20 million children a year are, you know, are they have to watch the trauma that that goes through watching your parents, you know, do that, you know, to, to one another. It really is just, it's a conversation. And that's, that was the point of the documentary to start that conversation to me as loud and as vocal as possible to make sure that people talk about it in a way where it's an open conversation.


There's no shame in it for the victims. They, they, they can tell their story without fear of being judged and, and get the help that they need. And yeah. Have you guys, have you learned anything in your, in your, you know, studies really is what, what's been going on these past few years for you about what causes a man to become abuse, an abuser or a woman, but what causes one to become an abuser? Do we know the answer to that? Well, that's a lot. You know, you can have hereditary traits, you know what I mean? You can have, but it really boils down to control. And that's, that's the main thing, you know, when you l and that's why leaving a domestic violence situation is the most dangerous because that's when the control is gone.


And, and so yeah, it, it, listen, if you don't have a partner, like an equal partner, maybe this relationship is not the best. I, I don't know. I, listen, I don't know what's gonna work best for everybody else, but I can tell you what works for me. And listen, we're 50 50 probably, you know, more, more 60 40 for her, to be honest with you. She tells me what to do, you know, but it's, it's just really that way, you know, it's, it, you gotta, you gotta be equal and you gotta make sure that you're able to have that open communication. Because if you can't, you probably shouldn't be in that situation to begin With. It's, it's not just about, the education portion is not just about teaching the red flags, it's also teaching how not to be an abusive.


I mean, it, it's a, it's a cycle. So if it was, if they've grown up with it, they're not always, but if they grew up with it, they might become abusers. They might think that that's the norm. So it's not just about teaching the red flags to individuals, it's more about both ends. One Of the things I did learn, though, To me, one, one, yeah, go ahead. It's for, for me, like it was, it was, you ever see like the chihuahua and then the pit bull, right? That the pit bull thinks it's the size of the chihuahua, and the chihuahua thinks it's like the size of the pit bull. You know, for me, listen, I'm, I'm a bigger guy. I'm 6 3, 2 70. Like, it was kinda eyeopening where if I was to raise my voice at how intimidating that could be, you know what I mean?


And having to learn that and understand that is very difficult for some people. And, and knowing what, you know, how a relationship is supposed to be and how the dialogue is supposed to go, you know, raising your voice, throwing stuff like that's not okay. And situations that you're in like that again, there's a phone number 1-800-799-SAFE. That's y you know, we should talk about it more. You know, we should teach our youth the, you know, the, you know, these are the signs, these are what happens, you know? So the more that we talk about it, the more that they see, the less likely because you can help the ones that safer. Yeah. But the Safer will everyone, we Educate the, the, the, the, the lesson part Of what is Instead three, it'll be one in four Part of what you said is, is really relevant here.


And taking accountability for your own wrongdoing is obviously a very important piece of what we are supposed to be teaching our children. And I have to say, just to round it out, that brings me back to burn. After reading the letter that Brian Landry's mother Roberta wrote to him, we're unsure, I guess, of the date of this. There's a lot of speculation. She wrote this after he got back from the trip before Gabby's remains were found, though I don't think we've ever specified exactly when it was written and to the audience since I told you I'd come back to it, she writes as follows, just in part, I just want you to remember, I'll always love you and I know you'll always love me. You are my boy.


Nothing will make me stop loving you. Nothing will or could ever divide us no matter what we do or where we go or what we say, we will always love each other. If you're in jail, I will bake a cake with a file in it. If you need to dispose of a body, I will show up with a shovel and garbage bags and goes on and then ends with nothing can separate us. Not hatred, not hunger, not homelessness, not threats, not even sin, not the thinkable or unthinkable can get between us. Not time, not miles and miles and miles. Now, she claimed that it was written before his trip with Gabby, but we all have our doubts about whether that's true. But just the, i I know it's easy for me to say is, thank God my kids are young and have not committed any sins like this whatsoever.


But it does. I I would like to believe that God forbid one of my children made a horrendous mistake like this, a horrendous decision like this. My first instinct would be to help them take responsibility for it and try to find redemption. And now to do the next best right thing. Now to do the next right thing. What, what, what, what do you guys wish Roberta, and forgive me, I can't remember her husband's name, had done Chris in the moments when, when Brian returned to them, Chris, Alright, listen, I understand wanting to protect your child. I get it. You know, you wanna get an attorney and stuff like that. I get it. You know, because sometimes you know nothing happens and you might need it.


So I understand how wanting to protect your child, you know, and I also understand that they lost a child. You know, that's something that we understand, you know? And I sympathize with that when it comes to them. That's the only thing that I sympathize when it comes to them. But, You know, if my child would to do something, you know, wrong like that, I would say, listen, you know what, we have a problem. You need to look here for your child's, you know, we have an attorney. I'm not gonna let him speak, but I'm, again, my opinion, I think Brian would possibly be alive if they held him accountable. Right? Right. Oh, listen, you guys, I admire your strength and your commitment to trying to make some silver lining come outta this tragedy.


I'm totally with you. All the best to you. Good luck and the battles ahead. And please let, let us know if we can be of any additional help. Will do All the best to you guys. Please send my regards to to, to Jim and Nikki and Brian. Thank you as well for coming on and telling the story, which we will stay on and we'll be right back


these days. Personal safety is not something that can be left to chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. That's why Burna is the choice for so many. Burna is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool, compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Burna uses non-lethal rounds, tear, gas, pepper, and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part, burna can be shipped direct to your door and it's legal in all 50 states. Berna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. And look, sometimes a firearm is not the right choice for you. And Burna provides a powerful alternative. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com, that's B yna.com/megan to receive a 10% discount and learn why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are trying out bernas less lethal protection, Byrna, non-lethal self-defense, always ready.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling, you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G C's online, on-campus, and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. Plus, you can pick them in your March Madness bracket. Go antelopes. I feel like they're playing Maryland. I'm trying to remember, but I definitely did choose them. Yeah, Maryland. Because my method is I choose the teams that I have some connection to unless I have no connection to either, in which case I go with the odds. But I have a connection to GCU. Thanks to that wonderful university, being an advertiser on our show. And I hope you give them the same benefit of the doubt in making your choices. With over 340 academic programs as of September of last year, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Now we turn to some cultural news. Disney's long awaited Snow White set to hit theaters tomorrow. And the controversial star of it is working to rehab her image big time. After spending the last few years bashing the classic film and Snow White plus e Larry Baldwin. Hello Hilaria. We know you're from a Boston suburb, not Spain, in a wild red carpet video with her husband. Alec, have you seen the video? It's very strange. And Dylan Mulvaney is back. We're gonna get to it all with our culture panel. Not to mention, wait until you found out what Meghan Markle just did. Our panel today link, Lauren Influencer and former senior advisor to RFK Junior and Christian Toto, host of the Hollywood in Toto podcast.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Great to have you. Good Day. Thanks for having me Link. Look at you. You're so formal today. All dressed up. I know. I am dressed up. I have on a suit and tie. I'm in DC I'm going to have lunch at the White House. And I'm very excited. So I'm like, I need to dress up. Oh my, I Know you. Are you having lunch with the president? I don't think so, but one of my friends works there and he's like, why don't you come have lunch at the White House? It has to be at this specific time in the West Wing. I'm like, I'm there, I'm coming. I So We're honored that you made time for us. Enjoy the big neck. I have this feeling, I have this feeling. If Trump's lingering around, I can say hi. He knows I'm his biggest fan, so if he's lingering around, I'm definitely gonna say hi to the president.


Totally. You should ask your friend say, is there any way I can say hi and I and he, yeah, I want 10. So great about that for picture. Yeah, for sure. 100%. That has to happen. I'm gonna be checking your timeline all day. Well, I'm also going back tomorrow so I don't get it today. You Pick back, you're going back tomorrow, is that what you said? Yeah, they're doing this influencer thing at two, so I'm going to that as well. So I'm excited and Grateful. Look, drew, you're basically, you're, you've spent more time there than Melania. That's what you're telling me. Don't get me in trouble. I don't want my lunch canceled, Megan. No, No, I won't. You're right. I take it back. I take it all back. Or let's start at something far less controversial, which is Snow White. So I think it's fair to say that no one on the right side of America can stand the star of this movie.


And yet Christian, you've seen the movie and it appears that the filmmakers coddled together enough salvageable material to make the movie itself quite nice. Yeah, it's not a train wreck. I was expecting just that. And listen, it's not a great film. It's God's flaws and this third act is completely rewritten to be more empowering. I think you know the drill, but You know, one of the reasons why Rachel Zegler sticks around is she's got a beautiful voice and she has some talent. So I think that certainly helps her because she's a PR nightmare. I don't know how anyone would hire her, but again, there is some talent there. You know, it is a familiar story. I think kids will enjoy. There are a couple of little scary moments, but nothing that much.


But given all the behind the scenes mayhem, I expected a Frankenstein's monster where scenes to be ski stitched together. It's not quite that way. So again, not a great film, but I think a lot of these live action updates are really hard to watch. This one wasn't, but again, they've really done so much stepping on rakes over the last few months with this project where the box office is just not gonna recover. Did the dwarfs make it or no? Well, the CGI dwarfs did, of course that goes back to the original controversy where Peter Dinkle, a very talented little person actor, said, why are we doing that? We've, we've hired a Latina actress to be Snow White.


That's progressive, but you're gonna hire little people to play the Dwarfs. That just seems like a, a step backwards. And then of course, Disney instantly buckled and said, okay, we're gonna add Magical Creatures. And then the picture of the magical Creatures leaked online and everyone just had a, an absolute blast laughing at it. So the magical creatures are here in the movie. The CGI dwarfs are here in the movie. It works to a degree, but it's certainly gonna be a, a, a financial hit for Disney. That's for sure. That is totally uplifting and the right way to be woke link when you actually canceled the roles for the marginalized population, because just putting them on screen is somehow racist.


So I, I remember back in 2023 when this was going on and all the little people making videos saying, well wait, there's so few roles for us in Hollywood. Were being passed over for this. You could have cast seven little People, right? Screw you, Peter Dink. Exactly. They're like, Peter Dinklage, you're rich. We're not, we're trying to be extras or you know, we're in Johnny Knoxville's jackass if we're lucky. And so for them, they're like, you're not gonna cast us to be inclusive and progressive, but these guys at Disney, they're not that bright. They're not that smart. And we see that because they can't come up with any new ip. Why not write some new movies? You guys sit around, you have billions of dollars. They keep going back and rewriting the classics to be more feminist and inclusive of the female experience.


Unlike every Disney movie is about a woman waiting for a man. Okay. Sleeping beauty. She is comatose until a man comes to kiss her and wake her up. Rapunzel, she's up in a tower, you know, taking biotin, hair, vitamins, waiting for a man. This is what these women are doing. Cinderella. Is it the best? Yes, Cinderella. Is this this the best message to send young girls? No, but you don't have to rewrite and rework the classics. Come up with something new, you guys. It's a good idea. You know, it's funny, I went to to see my fair lady at Lincoln Center several years ago. My kids were young and you know, that's of course about Eliza Doolittle and Henry Higgins, the professor who tries to make her into an upper CROs lady or fool people into thinking she is in any event.


And they ended it in the actual film version and the, they end it together like the two of them to develop a romance and she stays with him. And in, in the Lincoln Theater, New York City version. No, she leaves him, of course, because you can't, he is kind of a prick. But I'm sorry, the story is what it is. Like you say, like, come up with your own stories. Go ahead, Christian. Exactly. Well, that, you know, that's what they do in the movie. They, they're, they're so torn. They know there's a romance here. They've got a prince like character, but he's not a prince. He's like a Robinhood guy. And they know that there's gotta be a kiss. There's gotta be certain elements that they can avoid. Boy, they are uncomfortable with that particular sequence.


So it, it's like they're together, but they're not together. She's gotta be the hero. She's gotta be front and central. We're gonna push him to the side as much as possible. Oh, and by the way, he's pretty important to the stories. We'll drag him back in then we'll push him back out. It's awkward. It's absolutely, it just, you can tell, oh, it's cisgender, man. He can't be the, he can't be the savior here. You gotta be, you gotta have Rachel Ang center. So it's, it's really, it's torturous at that point. It's, it's one of the weakest parts of the movie. She's gonna like freeze her eggs. This is the next one. And be single. This is the same. It'll be easy for her 'cause of the snow. This is the same woman who posted on Instagram after the election. I find myself speechless in the midst of this another four years of hatred, learning, leaning us toward a world I do not want to live in leaning us toward a world that will be hard to raise my daughter in PS there's no daughter leaning us toward a world that will force her to have a baby she doesn't want.


There's no daughter and there's no daughter's baby leaning us toward a world that is fearful this law should not have been. And it certainly should not have been by so many votes. I echo Ethel Kane's statement more than anything, made Trump supporters and Trump voters and Trump himself never know peace. Then she discusses the deep, deep sickness in this country. There is no help, no counsel in any of them. And she also attacked Twitter and Elon and finished it all with fuck Donald Trump. So it's one of the reasons why she's not like the ideal choice for the lead role in Sweet Snow White and why many people are still not to mention all the terrible things she said about including, well, let just play the, the one of the ones that got her in trouble when she ripped on Snow White back in 2022, sought 38.


I just mean that it's no longer 1937. And we absolutely wrote a Snow White that is, she's Not gonna be saved by the prince. She's not gonna be saved by the prince. And she's not gonna be dreaming about true love. She's dreaming about becoming the leader She knows she can be. Okay, by the way, I'm in something Because who replaces Donald Trump the gender of her future child? I don't think that's right. Good point. Good point. I mean, what also confounds me, I mean, hot take, so don't drag me in the comments, but these super liberal, pro-abortion women like Rachel Zegler, they're always single and alone. I'm like, I think you're safe, actually. I think you're fine. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? So At least she's pretty, I think you could just calm down Mo most of the women saying like, I'm, I'm putting on the chastity belts like, you are good.


You no you don't. You've Got purple hair worry and nose rings. You're good. Yeah. You know, years ago, drew Barrymore was doing the Charlie's Angels reboot and she spoke so lovingly of the source material. Listen, I grew up in Charlie's Angels. It was a trashy schlocky show. It was not fine art. Art, it's awesome. But she was sweet and kind and said, you know, we're gonna do the best we can to bring this to a modern age. And now you have Rachel Zegler thinking, oh, that 1937 movie that's just, oh, it's tacky, it's weird, it's, ugh, we're gonna change all that. I mean, what a difference. And now she's trying to reinvent herself because there's been so much blow back. And you can only imagine the studio calls about this woman behind the scene like, Oh my God, we're $242 million in. And the, our lead actress hates our film, our actors, our storyline.


There's rumors that she and Gal Gadot don't get along either. 'cause one's pro-Palestinian one one is pro-Israel. It just a total nightmare for the studios. So now she's trying to sell like, oh, I love Snow White. I love everything about the whole story. Here she is more recently trying to change the messaging. This is actually Wednesday 39, a Louder. Ready? 3, 2, 1. Snow White. Hi, this is beautiful. You look lovely. I love you. I like you, you love me so much.


I love you. Thank you so much for being here. And to see this is really emotional for me. So I'm gonna try to not do that. I, oh, she's emotional Now. Her and her superpower is her heart. Oh, it's nothing supernatural. It's something that all of us have. Thank you. And I hope you enjoy Snow White. Thank you guys. I'm sorry that was acting, that's what that was. There was a just off screen. They were gonna yank her off if she kind of did, did a free Palestine c chance, I wouldn't even recognize her on the street. So I ha I find it hard to believe these kids are coming up and asking for selfies. This has to be set up. I wouldn't know her from Adam walking down the block this Morning.


No, the reason they knew who she was, 'cause that that took place at Walt Disney World and undeniably those, those children had just exited from the, what's it called, the Cinderella shop, where you can get your child a little dress. And they've got Tranie in there. They've got a bunch of men with beards, wearing princess dresses, trying to costume up our children. So they were probably like, Oh my God. An actual pretty woman. Yes. Closest thing to a, a Disney prison at Princess. I'm ever gonna find a Disney World. I'm sorry, but I don't really care what happens with this movie. I really hope her career is pretty much over. I'd be thrilled to see that. I can't imagine. I mean, Christian, you tell me, but is is she not seen as box office poison now because of all of her antics? You know, it's a, it's kind of a, a mixed track record.


She's still fairly young. Her West Side story debut was not a hit and that was a Spielberg movie. So that was kind of surprised. But you, if you're an, if you're a studio, if you're a director, if you're a casting director, you've gotta think twice or three times before hiring her. Listen, she's talented, she's attractive, she's got skill. But there are a lot of actresses in Hollywood who bring all that to the table and are not gonna absolutely sabotage your work. Today's actors don't know how to promote their own movies. They spend so much time on the red carpet. You know, talking to Stephen Colbert doing all these things, it's all publicity. It seems so easy. And they keep putting their feet in their mouth. I don't understand it. Well, you saw what she said to Allure Magazine when she was promoting Snow White just this week.


She kind of ripped on Steven Spielberg, not directly or by name, but clearly it was about him and his team in that movie West Side Story where she said she claims that the white executives on that movie made her prove her Latina heritage. There's confusion because I don't have a single ounce of Latin in my name. When I was running for, in the running for Maria in West Side Story, they kept calling to ask if I was legit. I remember thinking, do you want me to bring in my abita? I will, I'll bring her in the studio if you want to meet her. Ziegler expresses some bemusement quote, having a bunch of white executives have you prove your identity to them.


Now, I don't care what they say like on camera or to magazines behind the scenes. You guys know as well as I do that those executives like Spielberg are looking at that saying, Rachel Zegler can f right off. Well I feel like this is what Alec Baldwin should have done when he was vetting Hilaria. Are you actually Latina? Are you actually who you say you Are? I do wanna meet your aita. I need a 23 and me honey. I need some DNA NA saliva test. So yeah, no, Rachel Zegler, she needs to be more grateful for the role she had. If I were cast in a Disney movie, I would be saying, I love Disney. I love Snow White. I wouldn't be saying anything negative.


She's almost pulling a Rachel Maddow. Remember when Rachel Maddow, like a few weeks ago, she got on air and she's like, this network sucks. And the changes they're making, sweetie, you're being paid. It's racist, 5 million and you're on TV saying your bosses sucks. So Rachel Zegler. Yeah, maybe keep her mouth shut. Listen, it's the coin of the realm. Hollywood, they're same. Be a victim. That's just it. So any any chance you can portray, listen, she was plucked out of obscurity by Steven Spielberg. All you say is, thank you Mr. Spielberg. And you keep saying that for the next 50 years. 'cause he made her career. Yes. Yes. It's like those snot-nosed Harry Potter stars who never missed an opportunity to stab JK Rowling for they think being a bigot. I completely disagree.


Of course. She's just standing up for women's rights. Okay, so that's that. But you make a nice transition for us. Link to Alec Baldwin. What in God's Green Earth is going on between those two? So they go, I don't know what this event was that they appeared on the red carpet to discuss it. Was it like some award ceremony involving their, their reality show, but that they show up Planet Hollywood. Okay, they're at Planet Hollywood, but they're speaking on the red carpet. And these clips have gone totally viral because she's a nasty person to him. I mean the, it's there's trouble in paradise. Here's, let's kick it off with, so 25.


Is it harder to memorize scripts or be yourself on unscripted television? Be Yourself. Oh, it's so hard. It's so hard. Yeah. Makes it, well, it's a good question. I think it's because you want, you don't want it to be dull. And just, if you show the way our life really is, you get it after like an hour. Feel the, you feel kind of feel the desire to make it more silly than it might be. I, I have to say that every, I don't think you make it more silly than it is. I actually feel, I try. Oh, I didn't get that on the show. No, no. We just, we just cut all that part out. Cut me out. Cut you out. Or queen routine is key. We'll just say king and queen at the same time. It's essential. It's essential. It's essential. But You know, I think that us trying to every day, What did you word for Essential in Spanish?


Yeah. Okay. Didn't let me down. Yeah. Oh my God. You're distracting me right now. I'm sorry. Like now you're just doing that. Why, why are you distracting me? I'm just caping it. Yeah. You're just distracting me. No, but she's so beautiful. Oh my God. Stop. You're annoying me. Stop. It's not cute. No, he's distracting me. So I'm gonna like walk out of this interview. Brian, I need The motherhood notes. You are doing an amazing, No. Okay, go back. Let me go back. Yes. It's all about routine. Whoa. People link. They don't like each other. She doesn't like him. Yeah. But he should have reassessed that maybe after the sixth child. Before the seventh. I mean, you keep going back to the same Well, I, I, you're in this apartment with seven kids, nannies, animals, screaming, crying, housekeepers.


No wonder the man wants to get out of there and run for the hills. But I just can't feel sorry for him. 'cause you made your bed and now you have to lie in it. Right. You married this woman with like multiple personalities and fake names and accents. What did you expect? She was not gonna be somewhat mentally unwell, but You know, my rule is always, I don't care if you're having a fight with your boyfriend, your partner, your husband. If you show up to dinner or an event, get it together. Nobody wants to see you bicker. And there's some couples who I think almost get off on that. Like when they go to dinner parties, it's like they kind of like to humiliate each other or bicker and fight in public and it's just so awkward for everybody else. And so, no, I just got secondhand embarrassment watching that. I think Aria's also thinking, oh, he has no money now, no career.


He's persona non grata. I gotta find another husband. I think she's kind of over it, truly. She's like, no, I'm in this apartment. We got, we sold the house in the Hamptons, we have nothing. It's true. At least Meghan Markle still has Harry's royal status, or at least right. Kind of royal status. She's got that to hold onto. But this guy, it's like, you're right, his fortune's dwindling. He's not really gonna be a major movie star anymore. She missed the peak. Alec Baldwin, which was clearly hunt for red October. And she stuck with the leftovers here, which who killed a woman. And you know, like you say, it's now persona non grata. But that, like, it happened over and over in that one clip. You, you know, he said, you're so beautiful. And she's like, no, no. And actually there's another one kinda like that. Yeah. Did we just play this in So 28.


So 28. No, no, no. This is another, this is another piece of the same exchange. So 28. I hope people read my wife's book and realize what like an unusually amazing woman she is. My wife was, my wife is probably one of the most special people. She is probably the most special person I've ever met in my life. Her qualities just so the combination's like kind of mind blowing. Anyway, So that's what he said after she was saying all the nasty things about him, including this one, which I forgot to play. So 26. We want more of this season two, the Aria show.


No, no, I, I think we're gonna see, you know, it's, we're gonna see how it feels to have it be out there. It's gonna be great. This is, you're a winner. Oh my God. When I'm talking you're not talking. Sorry. No, when I'm talking you're not talking. This is why. Yes. We'll have to like just cut him out of the show. No, I like, I'm uncom. I'm so uncomfortable Christian. Yeah, a couple things. One, if you look carefully, he's actually blinking SOS and morse code. He, he wants to get out. And also if you looked at that last clip, he actually does the JD Vance meme from the VP debate. He kind of does like one of those eye eye lifts to the, the camera. So yeah, let's, you know, I, I never thought I'd feel bad for Alec Baldwin. I feel very badly for Alec Baldwin today.


I do. But Then when he was seeing her praises, it was almost like he was brainwashed. He was like a Branch Davidian saying, I love David Koresh. Like, I want to get off the compound. Like Alec Baldwin going, she's an amazing wife, she's an incredible mother. You know, she does, you just never know what accent she's gonna have today. And her yoga career is gonna take off soon. Yeah. It was just really weird when we started singing her praises. He is brainwashed and fighting for his life. She was still doing her little Spanish accent, wasn't she? Did you hear that? No, when I'm talking you're not talking, I you are not talking. We're not talking like we know you're from a Tony suburb of Boston and went to a ritzy private girl school for some Right. Probably 50 grand a year at this point. Like, it's ridiculous how she continues to perpetuate this fraud on us.


Okay. This is not, I'm not done. They're, they were asked whether they're gonna have a season two of their reality show, who, who's watching the reality show. Okay. And here is, here's a bit of him speaking to that standby. Is, is this, I don't know if this is during the interview. Is this, hold on, let me ask my team. Yeah. Okay. It is so, so 27 still. So I, I predict now on television, on American television that season two's gonna be you and Carmen. It's gonna be the two of them. We have their own show. Can I tell you from now on? Unless it's history, their daughter don't take anything that this guy is going to say because he just invented it on the spot. It's all like, Whoa. What?


They Hate each other. Just, Just ask the, the people who brought the gun lawsuit against him, you know, he, he just got charges dropped. You know, and notwithstanding like, no, no, no, no, no, no. I I never pulled trigger. No, no, no, no, no. I never, and and she's out there like, you can't believe a word he says he lies. He lies. And it ends with him begging her for a pat on the head 20 years Chasing photographers away from him. And now he's welcoming cameras into his house. You know, it's her idea. She wants to be even more famous than she is. And how you say cringe. It just, it's unbelievable. Well, I I also feel like people's desperation and principles kind of go down when they have no money.


I mean, Alec Baldwin is really in dire straits financially. And they probably offered him a bunch of money to do this reality show. And now he's stuck in this house with all these kids. I feel like the reality show is probably the first time he is been at home with them for, you know, days and days on end. Filmings Probably going crazy. Well you're, you're an eyewitness to this, right? Okay, link. I saw a post that you made on X. Yes. So lemme preface this by saying I'm normally a hear no evil, see no evil person. That's why people trust me. I'm like, I've seen some things, I keep my mouth shut, but with Alec Baldwin, I'm like, who cares? So I used to live around the street from Alec Baldwin and he would always be either pacing outside one of the buildings I went to for class yelling into the phone, or he'd be eating at I canino alone by himself, which is this restaurant on 10th Street.


And they live on 10th Street down the street. And he would just be Downing wine. His phone had one of those kickstand cases. So he would sit there just for hours watching videos, watching games. And I thought, man, this guy does not want to go home to that apartment tonight until all those kids are in bed until Bathtime and bedtime is done because it is chaos and crazy over there. Or maybe it's 'cause his very nasty wife can't stand him. I would avoid that house too. She's like a Dom tricks or something. I don't, I mean maybe that's what's going on. I there's something. But yeah, you know, we spent the first hour talking about dv and I'm not saying there's domestic violence situation, but like it can happen to men. Not for nothing, but it can happen to men.


And I don't know what's happening there, but she, she does not love him. That's what I saw. I mean, I've been interrupted by my husband before and I've interrupted him before and you know, you always handle that with like a joke. You know, like, I don't know, I don't know exactly what I'd say say, but I, I'd probably just let it pass. I wouldn't embarrass him on camera. I mean, like my boyfriend and I, we've gotten into arguments on the way to group dinners and he is like, well walk into dinner and tell everyone we're breaking up. We go into dinner and have a great time because you can be an adult. Okay. So I don't know why they can't keep their crap together for 10 minutes on the red carpet. I think it's that bad Behind closed doors. I know. On the red carpet. Exactly. Yeah. Well then don't have dinner with Doug brunt because he, if he doesn't like you, he will actually turn his chair.


Like he will turn and like start looking over here and like the dinner is all happening here and now I've just gotta do such heavy lifting like my god, Dugger you left me. What do you mean? He's like, I, I couldn't, he, he does not have it in him to like fe the insincerity with somebody he doesn't like. Which I have to say, is it an important social skill in life? You have to have this. He just won't. He's like, no, I'm, I'm out. Right. Also, this is, this is Alec Baldwin we're talking about this guy's a powder keg. Do you really wanna keep pissing him off constantly day in and day out? I mean, what is she doing? She's not thinking this through. Well, Alright, let me take you to the background a little bit because they're, they're reality show the Baldwins, it's, it airs on TLC and here's a little bit our producers found of him and how talking on the show watch.


So 29, So when I bought this house, it was a cold winter day in December of 95 In the Hamptons chron Lot. Is that okay with the noise in those people? And the world was like, no, we're gonna throw a tree in your way. Can I, can I do a face scrub on you? Like, not right now. We have to whisper now. 'cause daddy is having a monologue. It's, it is emblematic. This is my wife's bathroom, toilet sink, shower in here. My bathroom's around the corner. My little cabin bathroom. Who has the bigger Bathroom? That's really funny. They used would say that.


Oh my God. So first of all, why is his hair like down, like the bangs in the front, like sort of a, I don't know, a character from like a Cohen Brothers movie. And once again, there she is in the background with her fake Spanish accent, right? Like we have to, we cannot make it now. Like What did she's doing? Even if you, you saw him on late night tv. Like my wife, she's in Spain. I mean did at this point, you really have to wonder whether they've convinced themselves. She's Spanish, she's Hilaria from Boston, but that's how they live, right? She's got the enormous bathroom that you could probably fit your average New York City apartment into Alex walking around with his weird Cohen brothers hair and his enormous belly like listless.


That's what I, how I would describe that. Your thoughts. Yeah, I mean Aria reminds me of this friend I had in college. She said she was from Naples and let's go to Naples for spring break. I said amazing. She was from Naples, Florida, thought we were gonna Naples. So Aria, who says she's from Spain, it must be from the, you know, Spanish coast of Boston. This phony ass woman. But yeah, no Alec Baldwin. He needs to either divorce, cut his losses. But the thing is, how much you know, child support is he gonna have to pay if they get divorced for seven children? He's done, he's done. So he's almost like, it's almost better for him just to stay in the marriage and suffer and go through this whole thing. I couldn't imagine. His kids are really tiny. It's not like he has kids in high school. They're what single digits. So we wish you well, Alec, cheers.


Yeah. She's the cultural appropriation police. Yeah, go ahead. So where's the cultural appropriation police where, you know, you can't do this. You can't just say I'm a certain ethnicity and then embrace the accent and pretender from there. I mean, the woke crowd should have canceled her years ago. And by the way, why wasn't he canceled years ago? He had alleged racist slurs. He had alleged gay slurs, physical violence here, there and everywhere. And he just kind of marched on and kept making movies. I was amazing. They just never even well Bought a cancel him on how big a star you are and how hot you are on whether you will get canceled as a Hollywood actor. Right? I do think there are these intangibles that get factored in as to whether they kick you.


Like Kevin Spacey, he wasn't hot enough. Alec Baldwin, he doesn't, you know, look that way. He at, at his peak, he was quite dreamy. And I do believe that's kind of what Aria thought she was marrying. And now it's a different story. I mean, she said herself that he's walking around with PTSD after the whole shooting on the Rusk set. And so that's probably true. I hope somebody gets him the help he needs. So I think we, the three of us might need to drive by in a flower van to grab him, get him to greener pastures. Okay. Okay, moving on. Dylan Mulvaney back in the news. I'm sorry audience, I'm sorry, but we're just gonna spend a minute on Di Dylan Mulvaney, who has now not only dropped a memoir but has opened up a podcast and it's called the Dylan Hour.


I'm, I'm sure you're all writing it down and go to going to subscribe now. But here is his opening song, by the way, Dylan Mulvaney, for those of you who don't know, is a man pretending to be a woman and making a living off of describing his a hundred days of girlhood and now his days of womanhood. And he is not a woman or a girl, he is a man. Here is the opening song for his pod In the shower on a walk through the Dylan hour, feeling sweet, feeling sour. I feel nothing. The Dylan hour, my couch is open is better than therapy. All your soccer moms, all your days and fems all your bottom boys, my bisexual fems, come on and all disassociate with Me.


It's free. Grab a drink or two or three. You have no friends. All good. You got me. It's the deal Now. Love you. I'm sorry, I'm so sorry. I apologize. Please forgive me. It Had to be done. And you guys, I I'm the one who did it to you, Christian, will you be writing that one up soon and a review same as Snow White? Absolutely. I mean, I, I just wanna focus like the show on Girls Gaze and vs. Which is part of their promotional push. You know, I i I wanna tie this back to Snow White briefly.


If you had put Dylan Mulvaney in Snow White, it would be offensive. She would be kind of mincing around as Snow White and that would be offensive. And yet in movies today, every female seems to be this tough warrior and you know, she can beat up six men and she's empowered and strong. And yet Dylan just kind of goes around as this sort of caricature of a woman. But no one's upset about that. Dylan is six men. I, you know, link I'll tell you something, just just because I knew you guys were gonna be coming on, we'd be talking about this person. I actually downloaded his audio book. I, I didn't make it through the first chapter paper, but I did try. And what I gleaned off of what I heard was this is, this is just a gay boy, right?


This, he, he was a gay boy who knew he was gay when he was very young and his family knew he was gay. And he became a theater kid and he was starring on like off-Broadway type productions and Book of Mormon and like doing okay not, not doing too poorly. And I don't know how it crossed over, but I don't believe this person ever had true gender dysphoria. I just think he was a gay man who saw an opportunity to take things next level by playing this new role. So what I think happened was, 'cause I've had the same theory for years, and Dylan Mulvaney did a little video on me and then wrote me to apologize, which I never responded to.


But my theory for years has been Dylan tried a million different avenues to have fame and fortune. Dylan wanted to either be a famous actor or a singer or a dancer and it didn't work. So one day Dylan started doing this days of Girlhood series where he would pretend to be a woman and say, oh, I wrote an angry email today. I'm a woman, now I'm a girl. And the video started to get traction, I think at the videos hadn't taken off. Dylan wouldn't have transitioned and gone down that rabbit hole. But when the followers poured in and the views and the money and the brand deal, Dylan's like, oh, well let me transition because this is now my ticket to fame and stardom. But Dylan Mulvaney is phony. Dylan Mulvaney is an actor. Dylan Mulvaney is inauthentic. And so I don't think that this book or the podcast are gonna do too well Now Dylan went on the View to promote his memoir again, I think, which he, I believe he launched on the International Day of Women.


Like, okay, so he goes on the view to promote his book and they did raise with him the Bud Light controversy where Bud Light agreed to put his face on a can and sent him the can as a promotional thing. I mean, to be perfectly honest, this is all on Bud Light. That particular incident is way more a Bud Light problem than it is a Dylan Mulvaney problem. But Bud Light should have foreseen what was going to happen to Dylan as a result of it. And I look, he's out there trying to make money off of his image of women and girls, which is really offensive. So I really have no empathy for what, you know, the, the mix he found himself in.


But it was an overwhelming backlash and he was asked about it. Here's how that went and sought 21 on CCB s This is not the of CBS took lot guilty about that experience because I felt like it was my fault. And in that me taking this one brand deal was affecting trans people globally. I think extremists and, and transphobic media needed a poster child. But I would've never taken any deal that I thought could negatively impact me or the community. It resulted in a lot of suicidal ideation and dissociation. I'm still battling with some of that guilt and that shame and that dysphoria that was projected onto me during that time.


So, and there was question, a question about whether Dylan needed to be institutionalized and Dylan said, I don't wanna be institutionalized because people would just use that against me. But I have to tell you, I really think this is more a revelation Christian, of the unwellness of this person because there are a lot of people who go through massive social media backlash, a lot of people who don't think about taking their own lives, who don't need to be institutionalized. And not just hard, you know, cynical mofos like yours, truly, but You know, a lot of people have backlash if the people listening to this show have had it on in their lives. What is a massive scale where people have turned on them and tried to cancel them on Facebook because of their politics, what have you? I just know from my audience this has happened to a lot of people, but Dylan revealing that I think reveals more than he means to.


Yeah, I mean, I I he sounds like a troubled soul and you know, part of this is unfair on him in that I think a lot of the culture's frustration with the trans agenda putting, you know, women against trans women in sports, forcing kids to change their gender and hiding them from their parents. I think a lot of that kind of just focused on him during that situation. That's interesting. So yeah. And then I mean, so I think part of it was unfair, but You know, it is on Bud Light's situation. But yeah, you know, he promised he'd be doing a lot of oversharing on his podcast and he's oversharing here and I, I maybe just needs help. Maybe that's just the end of the day needs help. So Like I've, I've asked myself why, what is it about this particular person that, that I find so offensive?


Because I will say link, I appreciate his sunny affect and how smiley he is and his signature sign off his love ya. And he doesn't seem, seem to be a hateful person. Like necessarily like trying to, I mean like what I'm trying to say is like, his attitude is generally upbeat. You know, when you see him in a way that I can see it being appealing to like younger people. Like, oh what? He's so nice. But the whole caricature of women that he's doing is deeply offensive even though he's saying Love ya at the end of it. And it's almost like regressive. It's, I feel like he's setting us back decades with this portrayal of what we are.


And then you start talking about him giving out tampons and walking around with tampons. It's like, is there nothing about actual womanhood that is sacred to you? You have to make a joke or like a a, a marketable shtick out of every part of what being a woman is actually like. And then my blood starts to boil again around this guy. Well, Dylan Mulvaney reminds me of Ellen DeGeneres. 'cause remember Ellen DeGeneres was all about be kind and kindness. That was her motto on her show. And then we found out she was basically running the Stanford Prison experiments backstage and was treating people like crap. So I think Dylan Mulvaney is fake. I've said it for years.


I think Dylan Mulvaney was like a bitchy, catty theater queen, gay boy, and is still a bitchy, catty theater queen, gay boy. But now in a wig and a dress like that is the real Dylan Mulvaney. And I have that verified from people I know and my own interactions. I think if you're a bitchy little gay theater boy, then that's still who you're gonna be. You can have all the PR and the agents around you and you can have this narrative that you're putting out now that you're a victim. But I also have this role, especially with my friends and some of my newer friends. I tell them all the time, you can't play smart and dumb at the same time. Okay. I see it with my friends. They try to play smart and dumb. They get themselves into a scandal or into trouble. And then, Oh my God, I'm in the press, I'm in this, I'm in that.


Well, if you play with fire, you're going to get burnt. So Dylan Mulvaney wanted fame and fortune and was making millions of dollars. I think Dylan bought a very nice home in Los Angeles. So now you wanna be a victim. Your whole career has been handed to you on a platter because you threw on a dress and said you were a woman. You know what I'm saying? Yeah. So I have no sympathy. What did you think was gonna happen? It's true. He, he corded public attention and comments on whatever he did, and he crossed a line. Look, there was blowback against him in the early days too, because he was mocking us with those ridiculous days of girlhood. Right. But it didn't get, you know, fever pitch until the Bud Light thing, which he wanted. He corded. It's like you, you have to take the bad with the good.


That's what Dylan doesn't understand. It's what Meghan Markle doesn't understand. Right's like Michelle Obama. If you're gonna put yourself out there, it's not going to all be loving and supportive and wonderful, like Man up. Right? And I mean that to all three of them. Man up, Especially, I say man up all the time, I'm like, can we still say this man up? Everybody? But no, I fully, fully agree with you. You can't play smart and dumb. Okay? You can't beg for fame, fortune, and millions of followers. And then cry boohoo Mary Lou, who, 'cause you got some negative comments in the Bud Light situation. I sort of defended Dylan on that one in 2023. I felt like Bud Light strayed from their core competencies.


Like that's on them. Yeah. Dylan was just collecting a check. But then Dylan also is pushing trans and gender ideology on millions of young, impressionable people saying, oh, get on hormones, take a pill, take a shot. I had surgery. Oh, it, it's just really not good. It's really dangerous. It's really kind of sick to mes. Yeah. It's dangerous building what Links is no different than having a severe anorexic all over the internet being like, try it. Just stop eating or put your fingers down your throat. You can just get rid of that big dinner and you can be skinny like me. Go ahead. Trick Christian. Right. You know what, what Link was saying? It's true. And I, I think that, you know, Dylan will keep saying, I'm gonna counter hate, I wanna counter extremism. But he's not really listening to the people who are criticizing him. What about the parents who are aghast that their children are being sort of changed in the school without their knowledge?


I mean, maybe he should meet them and understand why there's this, this real frustration. What's going on in the culture right now. I think just saying you're all extremists for not liking me is very glib. I think he should actually dig deeper. If he really does want to promote kindness and empathy, that's where you start. If Dylan came out and said, I don't support men and women's sports. I don't support men and women's bathrooms, I wanna secure border. If Dylan went like more Caitlyn to the right, that would be Yeah. Iconic. But Dylan doesn't have it in him. Okay. He's in that Hollywood liberal bubble. I know. It's, it's really kind of infuriating. And now of course, he's like a big star and he is working it for all it's worth. Here's you mentioned like he's actually a nasty person behind the scenes.


Here's, here's is a, an exchange on his for, from his first episode of his show where he's making his father practice speaking on the red carpet watch. We're going to the premiere of Will and Harper on Netflix, which is Will Ferrell. And I know you're, you're a fan of his, right? Big. Big. Okay, good. And I, I just, you always say you'd like to go to an event like this, so I'm down. We're gonna do it. But my bitter is that I'm already preemptively a little nervous about what you're gonna say to people. Oh, I don't blame you. So Let's practice this. Okay. Yes. When somebody says, so Jim, what'd you think of the movie?


It was beautiful. It was something that moved me. Oh good. Excellent. Oh, what's it like being Dylan's dad? Oh, I'm the most special dad in the world there. Yeah, You are. I don't know guys. I don't, again, I I'm uncomfortable. It didn't seem real to me. It's, there were quite a few cutting comments in the whole exchange. Yeah. I just really think if you're a bitchy, and I've seen it in New York, I saw it in NYU, sorry, to some of my old friends. If you're like a bitchy, nasty little gay twink and you transition, you're probably still gonna be a bitchy, nasty person now.


But you're just a trans woman. I will say the dad wasn't bad looking. The dad was kind of handsome little Alec Balder esque. Yeah. I feel bad for the dad. The dad kind of looks like how Dylan would look in 30 years had he not, you know, transitioned Well. But the dad is totally misleading people too. 'cause he was asked, what do you do, you know, when your child, you know, comes out as trans? And here's what he said. Well, Dylan and he talked about it. Listen, here's so 18, Like you saw that I was a very feminine kid. Yeah, yeah. And, and so was it like a super surprise to you when I came out? No, not at all. I, I tell people I pretty much knew you were gay at five or six.


And then you saying to your mother and I, you know, mom, dad, I, and I think you said it to her and she mentioned it to me, that I think God made a mistake and put a girl in a boy's body and you know, that was it. You just have to embrace it. You have to understand, you know, there's these things called chromosomes and, you know, money. These assholes in the world don't quite understand that. And, and like you said to me, di Dill the other day a while back is dad, what I'm doing right now is just like the gaze 20 years ago, 30 years ago. And in 20, 30 years, it's gonna be just the same. Hopefully, You know, we don't get our rights taken away.


They won't be taken away. I'll kill somebody before that. So. Oh, really? Okay. Well, you right is to, yeah. Participate in girls sports. It's a no, But that's a no for me. That, but that's really interesting, right? 'cause he is like, you just, you just embrace it. And by the way, you guys know better than anybody, a five or 6-year-old boy saying, I think God made a mistake and put a girl in a boy's body. The overwhelming odds are he's talking about his sexuality. He's realizing that in this society, you know, boys are supposed to date girls, boys are supposed to be attracted to girls. They're supposed to wanna kiss girls. And this little boy was clearly realizing that wasn't for him.


That's not a gender flag, right? It's just ridiculous. Now you have these two people out there very publicly saying embrace trans ideology at age five, and that message is everywhere in the hard left. Absolutely. It's also not what kids say. It doesn't sound like what something a little boy or a little girl says. It seems a little bit like they're herded elsewhere, potentially. Yeah. But You know, it's funny, we just played the, it Seems made out, Frankly, the, the aria eclipse when she was berating Alec kind of sound a little bit like Dylan berating her, his, her, his dad. I mean, like, you know, like the right thing don't do don't, don't go off script. You know, it's like he feels like he's like a hostage, you know, like Yeah. Then don't put him out there. Is that Loving?


Yeah. Then don't put him out there. I mean, clearly there's a, there's a reason Dylan wound up the way Dylan is, but the whole thing is very sus to me. And the issue of girl sports is in the news every day. He doesn't speak out the way Caitlyn does about it at all. And there's just another one today, hold on a second. It's in Portland, in Portland, Oregon, where this week a male, an 11th grader won gold in the girl's 400 meter varsity race. His name is Aiden Ada Gallagher. Watch this guy crush. Look at this. He's about two miles ahead of the girls who are behind him. They have clearly zero shot of catching up with him, and he's super thrilled that his post pubescent male body beat the girls who are miles behind him.


This is at the McDaniel High School. He set a season record. Guys, after finishing over seven seconds ahead of his female competitors, he was booed as he did it, by the way, in, in the 200 meter and the 400 meter, both of those, he finished second place. If he'd been running in the men's meet, he would've finished 61st outta 65 and 46th out of 58th respectively. He has not done hormone replacement therapy, at least as of April, 2024. So he's got all of his male advantage. And that's why even in Portland, Oregon, they're booing, which, I mean, I take some comfort from the fact that they're booing there, Christian, Megan, this never happens when it does, it's stunning and brave.


So, you know, yeah, you mentioned the booing in Portland. That's, that is not insignificant. It, it, it's a sign, it's a cultural marker because the people in the crowd felt comfortable booing that knowing that there could be significant backlash within their community. So that's, that's how the cultural shift is going on right now. And yeah, I mean, how many stories are there where trans men are, are crushing against biological men? Does that, does that ever happen? Has it ever happened? I don't know. Never. Not, not once. Literally. Not once. Weird as Rachel Zegler would say. It's weird. So mentioned, we mentioned Meghan Markle earlier, and we do have Meghan Markle news. I know you're excited. Link Meghan Markle, as you know, she's launched her little show, whatever ever after and whatever it's called, I don't remember what it's called, with love.


And as ever as ever, okay, whatever, whatever. That's what I'm calling her show. And it, it's terrible. It's gotten totally panned. And then she announced, oh, I've gotten the second season, which is a lie. What? That, and they've already shot all the episodes. So as you guys know, what that means is they shot all these episodes at the same time and intended on two seasons from the start, but decided to hold the announcement of season two until she started to get panned on season one to try to change the narrative to this is a success because if this, if she, this were a true renewal, she would not have shot all the episodes yet. She's like, that's, they're not saying we're gonna pour more money into this. They already shot everything anyway. So there's some podcaster out there who said something about Meghan, like, I'm worried you're gonna get backlash the way Blake Lively's gotten backlash.


And I guess Megan decided to write this girl a note. And the podcaster, whose name is Amanda Hirsch, posted the note that Meghan Markle sent her. And you guys are not gonna believe. Look at this, look at the stationary. Can you see that? It's got her weird calligraphy. I'm fancy writing. Look at the signature at the top. The little imprint. The emblem. It's a huge em. Can you see what's on top of it? Link A crown, A tiara. It's A crown. Oh my God. So relatable.


Oh, this also feels a little bit like a threat. Peaker. I, I don't know the full subtext, but this also speaks to what I was saying last time, which is that Meghan Markle, she must have staff nannies and help. No mom who's raising her kids has time to make rainbow fruit platters and gourmet donuts and write letters to little influencers. You know what I'm saying? Nobody has time for that. And with the crown on there, she is clinging to that Sussex title. I have spent more time in Sussex than Meghan Markle, but somehow she's the Duchess of Sussex and she's going to cling to it until the end of time. I went to Sussex, the beaches were all rocks. I didn't love it, but I did spend more time there than Meghan Markle. I don't know what's going on with her.


So last question for you on the, on this link, I saw you did a post the other day about how Michelle Obama's lame podcast and Meghan Mark's lame show, and there was one other that you said, they're all tanking and for good reason. So why and who's the third people? Okay, so people always say bad things come in threes. And I guess that's true because Gavin Newsom, Michelle Obama, and Meghan Markle all dropped podcasts because this is what America needs. We need more rich, liberal elites sitting around their mansions, whining about their problems into a microphone. So that's what we need more of. What a shock that the people are not tuning in. You're so right though, Chris. It's so relatable. Her little crown and her calligraphy note to this woman.


Okay. Which is obviously just an attempt at pr. Guys a pleasure. Thank you so much. Thank you. Thank you. And we are gonna be back tomorrow with a special look at the latest on the Brian Kohlberg case in Idaho with Howard Bloom, who's been covering this extensively, as you know. We will see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


It's time we all started taking better care of our health. And that includes working out and lifting weights. Jacked Up Fitness is a leading provider of premium all-in-one home gyms. Their Power Rack Pro is a top of the line functional trainer that has everything you need to get a full body workout right in your own home, in your spare room or garage. And if you're new to weight training, don't worry. They have full body video workouts. So you can literally just press play and follow along to get started. Make health and wellness a part of your 2025. No more excuses, it's time to take charge of your health. Get started on your fitness journey today. Order your own Power Rack pro@getjackedup.com. Use promo code MK at checkout to save 10% on your entire purchase. Again, that's get jacked up.com.