
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. How happy are we? Today we're broadcasting from Washington DC where our prayers have been answered. It is official. Joe Biden is gone. Kamala Harris is gone. Everyone has cleaned out of the White House press office, and Donald Trump is the 47th president of the United States. JD Vance, the vice president right now. It happened, the day began at St. John's Church where Donald Trump is family and incoming top officials worshiped and demonstrated that class and Grace are back in the White House.


Look at Melania, this incredible hat. Absolutely stunning. Alright, so here we got a little fashion info for you Lippi. It is a guy named Adam Lippi, who designed that beautiful dress. It was a Navy blue coat, and then the hat was by Eric Javits, another New York based designer. Lips is 52. He rose to prominence as a creative director for Oscar Oscar de Lata. But since 2004, has his own company. He also used to design for Target. So good for her, for getting a guy who is close to being a man of the people. Mr. Trump. And Melania then took a brief visit over to the White House where President Biden was heard saying two words to President Trump.


Welcome home. Good line. This lovely little piece of jargon came just after Mr. Biden announced pardons for Dr. Fauci, the January sixth committee, general Mark Milley, and many, many others, to protect them from quote, baseless and politically motivated investigations because who would wanna be the target of one of those? And just before he pardoned five, count him, five members of his family with about 15 minutes to go in his presidency, Mr. Biden, for the last time, using his power to protect those around him. Yeah, I mean, we did Hunter in advance, and then he did Brother Jim and the sister and the in-laws.


And basically anyone named Biden other than his daughter Ashley, who as far as we know, has a substance abuse problem, but no criminality in her life. Okay, so at noon, his presidency did come to an end per the US Constitution. Trump's began and take a listen to the reaction from supporters in the Capital One arena here in Washington. It's where, I can't remember what they're called, but the hockey team and the basketball team play here inside, thanks to the extreme colder, it is freaking cold in Washington as the new president entered the Capitol building on Capitol Hill.


That's very cool. So what you're seeing there is that they're not even, they're not anywhere near the action, right? The president's walking into the rotunda on Capitol Hill a couple miles away. And so there were people who were in that room. Then there were people who were in the overflow room inside the US Capitol building, and then these folks in the Capitol One building, which is the sports arena, were overflow overflow. And you would've thought they were right in front of him, given those cheers. The, the enthusiasm in this town right now is palpable, I mean, palpable. And here is the moment it became official when Chief Justice of the United States, John Roberts swore in Donald J. Trump as the 47th President.


Please raise your right hand and repeat after me. I, Donald John Trump, do solemnly swear I Donald John Trump, do solemnly swear That I will faithfully execute, That I will faithfully execute The office of President of the United States, The office of President of the United States, And will to the best of my ability, And will to the best of my ability, Preserve, protect, and defend, Preserve, protect, and Defend the Constitution of the United States, The Constitution of the United States. So help me God. So Help me God. Congratulations Mr.


Wow, shaking the hand of outgoing President Joe Biden hugging his family. There was a moment there where Chief Justice John Roberts got started a little sooner than the family anticipated. So Melania had to step in, sort of at the very beginning of the oath. And then you saw Trump's children come sort of like, oh, it's time. You know, like, we gotta get over there. And Tiffany Trump, who was sort of in the middle, and it was kind of nice. Joe Biden kind of said, come over here and stand here. You could go a different way with it. You could go a different way, but I'm gonna give him the benefit of the doubt. He was just being a nice guy. The crowd inside the capitol included Trump's predecessors, bill Clinton, George W. Bush, and Barack Obama, not Michelle, because she's not a phony and she hates him and didn't wanna be there.


We don't know why she didn't come, but of course, that's why she didn't come. The guys who made all the news and got the attention of all the news media were the tech titans, Elon Musk of X, Jeff Bezos of Amazon, and the Washington Post. Mark Zuckerberg, who created Meta, which owns Facebook and Instagram, Tim Cook, CEO of Apple, and more, many more. Sundar, the guy who runs Google. They were all there as the president, delivered a message about unity, about optimism, and about always now putting America first. As you will see in this soundbite, no clapping nor any standing ovation. However, from now, former President Joe Biden or any of the Democrats sitting behind Mr. Trump, even when he discussed surviving an assassin's bullet Just a few months ago in a beautiful Pennsylvania field, an assassin's bullet ripped through my ear.


But I felt then and believe even more so now that my life was saved for a reason. I was saved by God to make America great again. Thank you. I, I mean, I get it. They don't generally stand for the other side. If he hadn't finished it with the Make America great again, they probably would've stood, I guess, I don't know. I'm glad we don't have to find out, but maybe we can, we can give him that one. Whatever everybody else was on their feet clapping away, and it was a beautiful moment.


And Trump seemed contemplative and seemed a bit more serene. He's definitely in a great mood. He's been working around the clock, and you can only imagine what that was like for him to return. You know, he talked about how they, they tried to kill me. They, they indicted me, and I'm back. I, I did it. I survived. But perhaps my own favorite moment from this speech was President Trump announcing the executive actions he plans to take today. They're happening now, including the, that the federal government will only recognize two genders. Today, I will sign a series of historic executive orders. First, I will declare a national emergency at our southern border.


We will drill, baby drill. I will also end the government policy of trying to socially engineer race and gender into every aspect of public and private light. As of today. It will hence forth be the official policy of the United States government, that there are only two genders, male and female. And wait until you hear how exactly he did that. 'cause now we have the executive orders and they're a thing of beauty. I know so many, so many people who have worked so hard for this moment we're rejoicing on, on that portion of the speech.


And when you read the executive actions that he took on that, it's just absolutely huge. Thank God. He won the speech, had a fittingly Trumpian ending where he boldly declared that America is entering a new period of peace and prosperity. Americans are explorers, builders, innovators, entrepreneurs, and pioneers. The spirit of the frontier is written into our hearts. They were farmers and soldiers, cowboys and factory workers, steel workers and coal miners, police officers and pioneers who pushed onward, marched forward and let no obstacle defeat their spirit or their pride together.


They laid down the railroads, raised up the skyscrapers, built great highways, won two world wars, defeated fascism and communism, and triumphed over every single challenge that they faced. We will stand bravely, we will live proudly. We will dream boldly and nothing will stand in our way because we are Americans. The future is ours, and our golden age has just begun. Thank you. God bless America. Thank you all. Thank you. Thank you very much. First speech as the 47th President CNN's John King called the President's speech Dark.


Of course, we always hear that when Trump speaks. And here's Gail King over on CBS making it all about race, Guys, I, I have to say, I'm looking at this crowd. I do not see many people of color. Has any, has anybody else besides me observe that I'm, I'm fascinated by why that is On Martin Luther King. Yeah. Junior Day. Oh my God. You know what? Why don't you take a look at your own party if you're looking for absence of diversity, okay, see what happened to the working class because they fled your party, Gail Kling King in droves. And they're not coming back anytime soon. You elitist snob, who's obsessed over people's melanin.


Nobody in the Republican party thinks like that. And by the way, there were plenty of people of color both there and in the overflow room and over at the Capitol Arena Arena. And I saw them myself when I was there yesterday. So get over yourself after his historic speech. Trump heading over to Capital One arena. And there at this moment, he is addressing or about to supporters of all races. And he's going to sit at this desk and sit and sign his first set of executive orders on the border Energy and more. I'm gonna list for you what they are joining me now to react to all of this and other breaking news out of the Trump. Second term now underway are the ejs. Who better than this historic day to have Emily Jasinski DC correspondent for Unheard and host of Undercurrents and Eliana Johnson, editor Inchi of the Washington Free Beacon and co-host of the podcast, Inc.


Stained Wretches


Trusted Media is at an all time low. And let's be honest, it's not without reason. We are all seeing how stories can be shaped or even buried depending on who's in charge. But there is a platform that doesn't play by those rules. One that prioritizes transparency and lets you see the full picture. That platform is ground news, an app and website that gathers related articles from around the world in one place, highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. And they show you stories that are under-reported by one side of the political spectrum. Ground news has an entire blind spot feed with stories that are receiving lopsided coverage. This reveals how media narratives are shaping the conversation. And my viewers will get 40% off their vantage plan, which gives you unlimited access to their website and app, their independent and supported by subscribers, not corporate interests. Check 'em out@groundnews.com slash megan. That's ground G-R-O-U-N-D news.com/megyn to take back control of the news you consume.


Great to see you. Great to be with you. Oh, How are you feeling? Good. Eliana is just keeping it short right now. Yeah, I mean, I mean, how could you look at the golden ages upon us? The sun is shining through the Windows. I apologize for your like half lit face. It's just sort of, we're here and it's like we're, we're dealing with the sun. It's, it's nice to have some sun, but it's freaking cold outside. Yeah, it's freezing, right? Oh yeah, it's freezing. I mean, I don't like, I don't know how they honestly could have done the inauguration outside because it's one thing if you had to show up for one hour and stand there, but you had to get there. The orders to get there were began at eight. So at at a, that's the latest you could have shown up at eight in the morning for a 12 o'clock ceremony. It would've been a nightmare. Well, You know, it could be 75 degrees and I wouldn't wanna stand outside Yeah.


For in a crowd like that. But for this Minnesota girl, I was like all bundled up this morning ready to trek. I was afraid I was gonna have to walk five blocks to get here. It's not cold out. Oh, come on. It's cold. 20 degrees. It's fun. No, but it's, it feels like seven with the wind. Yes. But anything above zero for, for us. Hardy Midwesterners, again, upstate New York and Wisconsin Here. I was gonna say, I don't Wanna be stolen Out there, but it was not as cold as I Oh, thought Would be. I couldnt have done It. We get it, Eliana, you're very tough. Yeah, I did, I did feel bad though, because, you know, well they fit 20,000 people into the Capital One arena. They like, that's nowhere near of the, the people who wanted to come watch this inauguration, you know, it would've been hundreds of thousand of thousands and many had purchased their tickets.


And the people who wind up not getting in are like the, the hardcore ranking file normal people. Yeah. Like all the, in fact, Like Joe Rogan, he's gonna make it in. Yeah. Of, but you know, Joe Schmo from Minnesota is not gonna make it in. You know, what happened with us is we went to the Capitol Arena with Trump yesterday. Yeah. And I spoke at his event there and saw much of the same cast of characters as as came today. And my whole family went, we had a great time. We did not get invited to the inner inauguration, which is fine. That was for like mostly his top, top surrogates and donors. But they did invite us to go back to the, to the Capital One arena and a VIP thing. And we just said, you know what? You should give those tickets to somebody else. 'cause we had the whole day yesterday. Let somebody else do it so we can get more like people who really, you know, regular people who don't have VIP access.


But I think no matter how many people did that, you know, you needed 10 times the number of stadiums. There is a cool thing about Trump supporters. Anytime you go to a rally, they love the fellowship with each other and they can find it anywhere. Like the hardcore Trump diehards, they don't mind standing outside and getting rained on because they meet people from around the country who are just like them. And for a long time they couldn't find other people like that. And they were like a little bit of fright. So there were 220,000 inauguration tickets. Granted when it was supposed to be outside. You can fit about 20,000 in Capital One arena. Mm. So there is a big gap. But what I've seen just walking around the city in the last couple days is a lot of people finding fellowship, they're Thrilled. They're thrilled at the least.


Do you guys know, did you ever watch Fox? And Father? It's Lawrence Fox and Father Calvin Robinson. They're UK guys. They're Oh right. Yes. They're awesome. They got unceremoniously canceled by GB News, which is supposed to be conservative, but in any event, so they were trying to get, I guess to the Capitol arena today and either couldn't or I, something happened. So they wound up watching it with Kid Rock in his hotel room. A lot of those things have happened, you know, and people, you can hear the cheering. We saw it and our hotel room and you could hear the cheers when Trump was actually, when he took the oath of office as soon as it was done, like all over the hotel room down in the lobby. Just people are feeling so jubilant and I'm sure everybody listening to this has had their own experience of that. Well, you know, one striking thing about this inauguration 2024 versus 2016 is crowd size would not have been a problem.


This go around. Yes. No. So that's Too bad. Capacity Was higher. But then even when you look at who was inside, it was the CEO of Google, CEO of meta. Every corporate CEO of the ceo, EO of TikTok, CEO EO of Amazon. He's got CEO EO of Amazon and his wife, who I know, I know we'll get to. Oh. But what's striking to me America sweetheart, is that America's top corporations and their leaders, they want to be associated with and want to be seen with this guy. Which is a really striking contrast from Big time eight Years ago. It was not the case. They were Disgusting. They wanna be associated with him. And then I think it will be quite different depending on how this term goes for people working in the White House and coming outta the White House.


I mean, those were tough times for those folks. But this, this is a very different environment for Trump. Did you see over the weekend, Oscar DiLoreto was tweeting out? Oh yes. Their, from their account, their own looks. Right. And That used to Beka because they did Ivanka's Dress too and they did Usha Vance. Oh, Usha. Oh, they did Usha. Yeah, that's right. You looked amazing. She, I mean, honestly, after Melania, she was as close second on best dressed. Yeah. She looked incredible. There's Meia, My a class of one. None of us wants to compete Against Melania. USA was my one. She Usha was your number one. Yes. She just is the nicest person. I've met her, I spent a little time with her. She's genuinely kind, warm, friendly. Like she's perfect for jd, who is also nice and like kind. But I think she's sort of a softer place to fall. You know what I mean? Like she's just that sort of loving, he's nerdy.


Well, yeah. And he's also like more of a fighter. Right? She's like the brainy supreme court clerk. Brilliant lawyer, but also this loving mom. And like every smile. Look at that smile. She's got the thousand watt smile. She looks so happy. She was so cute when she was holding their daughter Mirabell. Yeah. With the, the three bandaids on her fingers. Yes. You know, we don't know why she had the three bandaids on her fingers sucking her thumb. Well, some kids, yeah, she was sucking her thumb. But some kids actually like those for security blankets. I have a friend whose daughter loves bandaids. They just make her, it's like a, it's like a lovey for her. Hmm. Or maybe she just gets her fingers hurt a lot. I don't know what's going on. But it was adorable. And it was So any mom is like, yep. Been there. You just get, it's such an easy, give me sure.


You wanna wear 'em, you're good. Yeah. Anyway, Usha was a star. Okay, let's get to the executive orders and then we gotta get to what Joe Biden did because the executive orders are truly a thing of beauty. I'm so happy about these. I mean, they're going to be legal challenges on these within two minutes. Some of these in particular. But let's just talk about what they are. Alright. This is summary on the border. Close the border to asylum seeking migrants. Resume, border wall construction. Declare an end to birthright citizenship. Now that one's gonna be tricky 'cause it's in the Constitution. Yep. Trump thinks that there's a loophole in it because it says you have to be subject juror to the jurisdiction of the United States in order for this to apply. And there's a legal argument that you're not, if you're just born here to somebody who's here, that's gonna play out for the first time.


You know, once. And for all conservatives have been wanting to have this fight and they're about to get it involved. The US military in border security, this too is going to draw immediate legal challenges. 'cause we have strict limits in our law for how our military is used. Declare migrant crossings across the US Mexico border to be a national emergency. The Wall Street Journal, noting that this would allow Trump to unilaterally unlock federal funding for border wall construction without approval from Congress, et cetera, designate drug cartels as global terrorists. That CBP won this app that Biden's been allowing these illegals to use, offering 40,000 supposed appointments a month. Like we're supposed to allow the, the, the border to be open because these people are gonna go through this orderly process by using the app and then show up to their asylum hearings.


It hasn't worked at all. It's, we've opened the door, we let them loose. They don't show up to the asylum hearings. We never follow up. And even if they show up to the asylum hearings and we say, you don't get asylum, they just leave. And we don't arrest them. We never even try to track them down. It's a nightmare. That's over. It's no longer available. And existing appointments have all been canceled. Right on. Okay. Gender and diversity. This is the one. Hold on. 'cause I have, I have a better description of it on my phone than what I have here in my hand. And I wanna make sure I get this one right. Standby. Okay. All radical gender ideology, guidance, communication, policies and forms are removed. How great is that?


There is a govern. There is now a government-wide recognition that of the biological reality of two sexes clearly defines male and female. Female is deci woman is defined as an adult human female. Hallelujah. Controversial stuff, Jill. It never should have been hard, but it, it was thanks to Biden Harris. Agencies will cease pretending that men can be women and women can be men when enforcing laws that protect against sex discrimination. Great. The executive order directs that government identification like passports and personnel records will reflect biological reality. Not self-assessed gender identity. Let's see, ba blah blah ends the practice of housing men in women's prisons and taxpayer funded transitions for male prisoners ends the forced recitation of preferred pronouns in schools and in government settings.


Your school can no longer make you say he is a she when you know he is a he. And you don't have to say it's my religion or I don't want to. Right. They're just not allowed to do that anymore. Thanks to this Trump executive order. It's a thing of beauty and I like, I cannot wait. Okay. Tariffs and trade directing federal agencies to begin an investigation into trade practices, including trade deficits, unfair currency practices, counterfeit goods, and a special exemption. Allowing low value goods to come to the us. Tariff free, tariff free assessing China's compliance with the trade deal. Okay. Ba ba I'll skip some of that, but it's, there's stump on tariffs energy.


Okay. Here, these are, there's some great ones in here. Declare a national emergency on energy, which could allow Trump to unlock powers to speed permitting for pipelines and power plants. Order the federal government to roll back regulations that impede domestic energy, production signal and intention to loosen the limits on tailpipe pollution and fuel economy standards, which Trump refers to at the, as the electric vehicle mandate, rollback energy efficiency regulations for dishwashers, shower heads and gas stoves. Open the Alaska wilderness to more oil and gas drilling, eliminate environmental justice programs across the government, which are aimed at protecting poor communities from excess pollution. It's not on here, but one of the ones in the original list is pulling the permits for on all federal lands for those terrible wind farms.


Yeah. That is huge. Let me tell you down where I go. In the summer in New Jersey, this is a huge issue for us. They are going to put in this huge wind farm like nine miles from shore, where you will see they will ruin the jersey coastline. You will hear them, they will torture the sea life, including the whales. The one of those things breaks and you cannot, like the ocean gets ruined. The toxin toxins that fall in, that's what happened to Martha's Vineyard Nantucket last summer. It is absolutely huge that Trump said no more. And the only reason these were about to go through in pla in New Jersey among other places is because the feds gave the permit and Trump just pulled it. I love that. It's all so good.


He will sign an executive order reinstating service members who were unjustly expelled from the military for objecting to the Covid vaccine mandate with full back pay. Oh, Mike, I'm feeling euphoric. He will end remote work policies for the federal workforce and he will order many agencies back to the office four to five days a week. And he's renaming the Gulf of Mexico, the Gulf of America, and reinstating the name Mount McKinley to our highest mountain, which is in Alaska because they changed the name thanks to wokeness under Barack Obama. God bless President Trump. This, what's your favorite? What, what, which one do you wanna talk about? You know, what I thought was so interesting is these are some of the ones he highlighted in his address.


What we read in the news over the weekend was that he's gonna sign between 102 hundred, not totally clear. And I think there were mixed messages coming out from the Trump folks. How many exactly there were gonna be. The ones he chose to highlight in his inaugural address were once these things probably have 70% support from the American people. So he was clearly strategic about what he chose to highlight the gender and DEI won. That's the issue that he probably won the presidency on. I mean, his most viral ad was, I'm for you. She's for they them. Yes. And about her Kamala Harris's support for taxpayer funded gender transitions for illegal immigrants and prisons.


The birthright citizenship one will be controversial, but overall, like these are things that the, you know, broad segments of the American people's support. So I'll be interested to see which other ones come out tonight and like, do they get lost in this big shuffle of doing 100 as opposed to 10? He said in his post inaugural address to his address in the overflow room. Mm. Some people wanted me not to announce them all right away. I think he said this. Either you said it there or I read it, but Yes. Right. You did. He said they didn't want me to announce it all. They wanted me to trickle it out. And I said, no, we're doing it all today. You know, he'll never be more powerful than he is today. Yeah. You know what? You're right. So, so much goodwill. Momentum. It's A good idea. People are like, yes. Change. So, which, what's your favorite in there?


Em? Well, I mean it's Gotta be DEI because that's the catchall, that's the umbrella term. They even sneak gender stuff under the DEI umbrella. Yeah. So I mean, between those two, I think people understand, regular Americans understand how sweeping that is and it's huge. But I was also struck, I mean I got the press release of the executive actions from the White House. They wasted no time. They sent it out, I think at 12:24 PM And I am looking at this and I'm thinking to myself, if somebody had sent this to me in 2012, I would've had an out of body experience saying, why do we need to do any of this? Right? Like so much of this is actually just rewinding the clock. Obama's administration is what changed Title IX to put to, to completely radicalize our regime on sex and gender to conflate gender identity and sex.


He also put men and women's prisons, like so much of this stuff came out of the Obama administration. Trump was able to tweak some of it. Biden comes back in, reinstates, all of it. And here we are day one of the Trump administration. We're just rewinding the clock on so much of this in ways that it's like, it's not even him creating new ideas, it's literally just him rewinding the clock to sanity. It's so True. One of the questions that raised in my mind actually is it puts Democrats in an interesting position Yes. For the 2028 campaign. And if anybody cares to ask in the media, so where do they stand on these executive orders? Are they going to campaign against them? Will they undo them on their day one? Bill King's not gonna ask about it. No. You know, Trump's not running again. But it does put them in an interesting spot.


The, you mentioned the, you know, where the American people feel. So here's a couple of numbers to support that. There was a New York Times I Ipsos poll that just came out on the gender. Well, no, on a few of these issues. First of all, on mass deportations, 55% of the American people support them for all illegals. All of them. Not some, all of them. 55%, 63% to support deportations for those who arrived illegally in, in the past four years, 63%, two thirds of the American public wants you out if you got here in the past four years, and a majority healthy majority 55 wants you out irrespective of when you got here. If you're here illegally, 87% support deporting illegal immigrant criminals. And then on, let's see, oh on like foreign engagement with like the foreign wars, 60% support, less foreign engagement on trans issues.


Here we go. Listen to this. They said, do you agree or disagree? Society has gone too far in accommodating trans people. 77% agree, Accommodating They even rigged that question far right. They even rigged that question. Totally. 77%, nearly 80% of the popula says we have gone too far. 93% of the GOP, 62% of Democrats say that 62 trans women agree or disagree. Trans women should not be allowed in women's sports. Trans women, which is a fake term, that's men pretending to be women, should not be allowed in women's sports. 79% agree with that.


79, 90 4% of G peers, 67% of Dems. I mean, that's, how the hell are they going to challenge Trump on this executive order? How the hell are the Dems in the Senate going to stop a vote on the protection of women and girls in Sports Act that just passed the house like they did when it passed the house under Biden's administration? It passed the house under his administration. It got to the Senate and they stopped it. But now, yes, the GOP controls the Senate, but you need 60 votes to get cloture on, on a vote. You need 60 senators to will have a vote on it and good luck. They, you know, you're telling me that all those dems are gonna say no in, in response to 67% of their voters saying, we're against this.


It's gonna be a huge issue. And then last but not least, minors should not be able to get puberty blockers agree or disagree. 71% agree they should not be allowed. 90% of the GOP 54% of Dems we've won on that issue. We've won that battle's over whether they know it or not. When I don't, I, I think the media is framing this. The video you clip, clip you showed of John Carl calling this dark, they're framing this, they're really trying hard to shoehorn this back into the American carnage narrative of Donald Trump being an aggressive fascist. He is aggressively instating fascism around the country. And to most Americans, they look at this and they're like, this just feels like we're returning to something normal like a baseline.


And that's not what the media sense is with this at all. They think this is something that's like pushing in a different direction, but for a lot of people it just feels like stability and calm. Can You, can we talk about that for one second? Is Doug and I were watching this this morning and we were talking about just how extraordinary it is that Trump is our president, you know, that he became president, that he's now been returned to the presidency. And we were talking about just how awful Barack Obama was and how radically he changed the country with his far left progressive agenda. And he was, and not With Congress. No, no. With his pen in his phone. Remember his pen in his phone? And I mean, it was infamous like he ha he was, he was more dangerous than any politician that's followed because he was so affable and he had his folksy wave talking and you know, people were like, I like him.


And they felt good about themselves. They were blo voting for the first black president. So it was like he had all this momentum as this agent of hope and change like a, a, a great slogan. And they felt good about themselves. And then he did things that should make you feel good about yourselves, you know, when it comes to changes in race, changes in the gender approach. He's the reason we're doing these sex changes on these prisoners and so on. Yep, a hundred percent. And then you get Trump the wrecking ball, you know, crass and impolite and a fighter and America's like, we want him. And that was just never understood. They thought it was all about the working class, which it was in part, but it was also like, we, we don't want any of this radical radicalism.


And when Trump lost, because he behaved badly around January 6th, the left thought it had a new mandate with Joe Biden to just triple down and then some on Obama's radicalness. And that's why he held his head in shame as he exited office today. Well, there's some real differences between Joe Biden and Barack Obama, which is why I don't think there's much love lost between the two. You Mean one as, as sort of a sentient being. His brain is functioning. There's that, Let's say Joe Biden at the top of his game and Barack Obama at the top of his game. All right, let's just, let's, let's make that comparison, which is that Barack Obama is a genuine once in a generation political talent.


Talent, right. And so is Donald Trump. And they both tug on like real parts of the American character and things that the country wants to believe it is. And and now they're both two term presidents. And I think you could see at the Carter funeral that these guys have like grudging if genuine, but genuine respect for each other as like political athletes. You know, Obama, the country I think wanted to elect a black president and Obama played on those things. But like, he's a real rhetorical superstar and, and Trump is too, in a completely different way. And America likes an underdog story. And to Trump's credit, his genius was flipping so much of the conventional wisdom of the Republican party on its head.


Yeah. Oh, he remade the party and the Country, the immigration stuff you talked about, that was not the position, you know, when he ran in 2015, we were coming on the heels of, and you were at Fox Meghan. Yeah, when I remember out chamber of 12, it was like comprehensive immigration reform. And even, you know, the autopsy, I remember like the prime time at Fox was like, we gotta get behind it. Oh, autopsy was autopsy Roger Romney. Oh yeah. And Trump was able to pierce through that and say like, people don't want that. But that's, by the way, I watch a little bit of CBS this morning, which is when I heard Gail King, like, where are the people of color while He's rolling back the DEI stuff because of his mandate to do that.


Yeah. Right. I she's still, she's obsessed. I mean there's no getting her off of that horse. But on, on CBS that was how they were spinning the immigration reform. Like, oh, well the Republicans aren't gonna get behind this, you know, because they're Chamber of Commerce Republicans and they like the these workers and so on. And like, yes, there is still a small contingent of the Republican party saying that, but this is Trump's Republican party CBS great job just trying to stir up trouble. You know, like find a way of saying he's gonna fail, Trump's not gonna fail with these immigration reforms that he has a mandate from Dems and Republicans. Look at those numbers we just went through. But that tells me they're not listening to anybody who actually supports Donald Trump. Like that's what you hear if you're still talking to the Chamber of Commerce guys. And that's your sort of Republican source is Like kin zinger.


Yeah. Mitt Romney. Yeah. Oh, no, no, no, no. But I mean, this is the thing, like even on the sex and gender stuff, Trump of all people totally changed the paradigm. This is the guy who was inviting Kaitlyn Jenner to go use the bathroom at Trump Tower back in 2015. I think that was maybe 2016. And yet I went back and looked at the new news coverage and no offense to Betsy DeVos, but she even reportedly at the time was wavering about rolling back Obama's Title IX stuff on sex and gender identity. I think this was according to the Washington Post. And when you go back and you think to that time period early 2017, yeah, it was really tough to be an American who actually said what you thought, let alone in Washington DC Yeah. And so Donald Trump of all people was the one who like gave a shot in the arm to the culture war.


I mean, it was, it's incredible to think about. Yes. This is, this is like the point I was trying to make yesterday at the Capital One arena because they, they asked me if I would speak about culture. Like they give you an assigned topic so that they don't have the same topic being discussed over And over and like maybe no more comedian snafus. Oh yeah. I think they, Yeah. I don't think they stick to the Puerto Rico. Yeah. Yeah. So they asked me, You should have slipped One in. They know I'm into that. Right? So they're like, oh shit, sorry, I lost my ears. They, they said, can you talk about culture? So I did. So I mean this is obviously an, an issue near and dear to my heart, but that this is one of the points that I was trying to make is that, you know, the, the DEI battle has been hard fought and it's gone on for years now, but it took a lot of human sacrifice to get to the point where we're all, I mean, not the entire country, but the majority of the country's back in the same place of we don't want this, we, we object to race essentialism.


We object to the trans mania. We object to the trans activists who are the most ardent bullies in America right now. And I, I went through some of, like the, the people who sacrificed themselves Yeah. To, to get us here. And we, I I think they cut a soundbite. Can we listen to some of that? I don't have my ears in, but like, let's play it. And then you had Oprah, herself. Oprah, she'll interview you if you pay her a million dollars too. Yeah. So lo lofi of a million dollars to sit down with Oprah Winfrey, apparently that's what the Harris campaign paid a production company, she says, and for that, you know what you get, you get Oprah yelling at you. Come on. Why, why are you doing that?


Calm down madam. My favorite was the preacher accent joy come in the morning. And she wasn't wrong about that. It came at about 1:22 AM on election night when the election was called for Donald J. Trump. All of you wearing the MAGA hats. It used to be an act of civil disobedience, right? Yes sir. Defiance of a registered order that didn't wanna hear from you. But wearing that hat for much of the past eight years has been an act of courage too.


Those battles, one after the other have been fought in this anti DEI momentum has been built brick by brick, thanks to all of you and you who listened to Donald Trump, who, when a reporter asked him at a presidential debate in 2015 about some of the language he used, responded by saying, what I say is what I say. And if you don't like it, too bad. So I thank all of you for being part of the Trump movement and for bringing these changes upon us and for bringing Donald Trump back into the office.


And a reminder before I go to stay strong, we haven't won the war. We're winning. We've won a bunch of battles. But he's gonna need all of you every step of the way. We're gonna have to be patient, we're gonna have to steal our spines. Do not bend, never bow. What I say is what I say. God bless you, God bless President Trump, God bless the United States of America. We finally figured out how to lower the screening here so that we're not in full sun. That my, that was my point, right?


Is that it's been a lot of people, and I went through in the longer speech of examples like Jody Shaw of Smith College, who I think, you know, I don't know that she ever was able to rebuild her life. 'cause she picked a fight with them over what they were doing on DEI and they tried to ruin her life. And there's so many beyond her. Part of me thinks that this, this stuff started like in the nineties and it's taken a generation or a generation and a half that it's been that long that the country's lived with this. And it's trickled down from the country's most elite institution into the public schools. And that was why that was when and why people really revolted against this. 'cause when it doesn't touch you, what does it matter?


You, you don't quite know what it is. And that's also what the gender ideology that started to trickle down into the public schools. Did you, did you see that poll that showed that 67% of people under the age of 30 are enthusiastic about Trump's term? Yes. About Trump taking off that more than any other age co cohort, the young people are the most enthusiastic about Trump. And I do believe all of this is very much part of it. Totally. That young people are sick of the shit. Those Are people who will pay the biggest costs in applying to colleges, applying to jobs. You know, like we're we're set up. I mean Yeah. Yeah. More or less We, we've been through the wringer and I think about it, you know, with, we think, we look at our kids and think, Ugh, I at least I do.


Like I wouldn't wanna be them going through all of this. Good luck kids. Yeah. Sorry. Best of luck. But I mean, By the way, the Free Beacons hiring. She does, she's not as cold as she sounds. Oh no. She's way colder. A great editor. A great Editor. Amazing. Everybody says it too. But You know, I do think it was living with this for 30, 40 years. Yeah. Yeah. I think that, and I mean, I worked in the conservative youth movement when I first graduated college and I was like a college conservative myself. And if someone had showed me those numbers when I was in college, my jaw would've been on the floor. I would've been what happened? Tell me what happened. It would've been astounding because the tides, especially with millennials and then early Gen Z, you looked across polling.


It was like everyone was with the far left in these generations. And what's sad, Megan, my favorite line I was watching that at home was when you said it was brick by brick. What's sad is that a lot of those bricks are people with real lives who had to go through this over the course of years. I think people like Chloe Cole who She, I had her in my draft, I just forgot to mention her. Unbelievable. Yeah. I mean, she's, she's a detransition as, as we call people who, you know, go down that path and look at like the physical changes to her. She, the, they're un they're irreversible. Yep. As Abigail Schreyer said, and by the Way, Jeff Bezos is on the day Amazon did not let Abigail Monetize put ads for that book on Amazon vaccinated. Exactly. Right. Here's Jeff Bezos, while Donald Trump is announcing the gender, like the, the Sex Men and Women Executive Order.


Jeff Bezos is right there. Oh, Sundar Pache is there, you know, runs Google. Mark Zuckerberg. Mark Zuckerberg, ladies and gentlemen. Exactly. No, I mean, it's like all these guys, it's, it's great they're coming on board because they bent the need of Trump. I'm totally in favor of it, but they are absolutely hashtag part of the problem and how we got here, nevermind what they did on Covid. Right. Like we, I know we don't talk about Covid, we just don't talk about Covid anymore. I don't know if you knew that. We really don't talk about it when it comes to Anthony Fauci, who's now free as a jailbird just out on parole. Oh yeah. We Have, we gotta get To that. We gotta get to that. But in any event, they're, they were hashtag part of the problem. So we'll see whether they changed their tune. Now we'll see whether on YouTube, now I can see they're mutilating the bodies of children in the name of this pernicious ideology.


And whether YouTube will allow my video to live and be and not be demonetized, because that's, you're not allowed to say that word on YouTube, but I've said it now Trump is president and we'll see. Let's do, we'll go back to Trump too, but let's do, go to the pardons because this is just egregious. Everybody under the sun. I mean the J six committee members, his entire family. Right. Mark Milley and Dr. Fauci. And by the way, the pardons go back, especially Fauci go back to 2014. Huh? It starts in 2014 forward. What the hell was he doing in 2014? It's because he funded gain of function research. Oh. It's because he was behind the problem that caused the damn pandemic.


I, I read it differently actually. I thought he was just trying to normalize the date he set for Hunter. Oh. And he was like, That's possible. Went back to 2014. So I'm like, that's gonna be the date for everyone. 'cause I think his families did too for Yeah, yeah. The, the crooked brothers and the in-laws that one made well sense to me. That became the date for Yeah, it did. Yeah. But like the sister-in-laws, I don't really know, but the statement that went with the pardons for his Incredible Family, I mean, I Gotta find it. We gotta assume like Biden didn't write this, but we can't expect him to have any level of self-awareness. But true, I I just pulled it up on my phone where he says that he's protecting this them against baseless and politically motivated investigations.


Yes. And he says they wreak havoc on the lives, safety and financial security of targeted individuals and their families. Even when individuals have done nothing wrong and will ultimately be exonerated. The mere fact of being investigated or prosecuted can irreparably damage their reputations and fi and finances. You know, that is, and he called it the worst kind of partisan politics. Oh. You know, coming from the ostensible leader of a party that pioneered and used Lawfare as its primary electoral strategy, it really is galling Yeah.


Is just shocking. And for them to think that they always said Trump was gonna do it, and he may have egged on his crowds to say lock her up. Yeah. But he then actually didn't stick the Department of Justice on his political enemies when he got in there. And I think said to advisors like, I'm not actually gonna do that. But now what leg do they have to stand on? If Trump wants to go in and preemptively pardon his Oh no entire White House staff and go after his political enemies. He should, He should do that. But to me, to me that's not even, Even the point. The hunter, pardon? And this pardon are shockingly Hypocritical.


Yeah. Agreed. Go ahead. Well, I was Gonna say Biden literally campaigned on not doing that. There are sound bites of Joe Biden in 2020 saying, as he's being asked in the campaign trail, I will not pardon my family. Donald Trump is gonna do that. I will not. I mean, it was part of how he convinced Americans to vote for him. It's just disgraceful. It's disgusting. Let's see. Hold on. We have in so 15, I think some of that. Yeah. Here's Biden December, 2020. President Trump is reportedly considering a wave of, of preemptive pardons. Does this concern you all these preemptive pardons? Well, it's, it concerns me in terms of it what kind of precedent sets and how the rest of the world looks at us as a nation of laws and, and justice.


You're not gonna see in our administration that kind of approach to pardons. You are not really, and they were all seeing it by the way Adam Schiff was on camera. He he got a pardon? 'cause he was on the J six committee. Liz Cheney got a pardon? And All the staffers Kininger. Yeah. All the staffers Kininger. Right. He was just out two weeks ago saying, I wouldn't, I I wouldn't take a pardon by The way, they don't have to accept them that That's right. They could say, oh, but there's a's wrong About whether it's valid if they don't accept. Right. Yeah. Right. Like There, there's, I mean there's a legal debate on whether you must say I accept, and I think most lawyers say, yeah, you do. You have to say, I accept it in order for it to be valid for you.


And there's, but yeah, I, I really think so. The, the Fauci one is the one that has me most ticked off because I, I really do think Fauci lied repeatedly to Congress. And Rand Paul certainly thinks that, and I think was preparing to, to go after him. And I don't know what else Fauci did. I, I mean we, we've never been able to find the smoking gun evidence that he actually was behind the Covid OI virus, the, the wanted issue. But he definitely funded gain of function research, which is very dangerous, including in the Wuhan lab through this Peter Daik group. And we just were never given the information to close that last loop. It would be wonderful to get it under the Trump administration, but Now, well now none, none of these guys can plead the fifth if they're called before Congress. So that's the silver lining. They, they all have to testify fully. They cannot plead the fifth.


And, and by the way, it doesn't stop any investigations whatsoever and or civil lawsuits. And you know what else? It doesn't stop or state lawsuits. State prosecutions. Right. State prosecutions. Hmm. You can be prosecuted by the state a a federal pardon? Does not. That was Trump's problem, remember? Right. We were saying like he could pardon himself but only for the federal crimes, not for those state prosecutions in New York or in Georgia. Well, guess what, Dr. Fauci and J six committee members and General Milley, you're all in the same position. And, you know, somebody was pointing out online, let's be real, if they were prosecuted by the feds in Washington DC not a one would be convicted of anything given the jury pool here. Nothing. So, I mean, it's galling. I agree. But realistically, they weren't gonna get convicted.


And Biden Made the point that they wouldn't be convicted. The process is the punishment. I Know, but in, in a way. But like to your, to your original point. So what did we really lose? 'cause we weren't gonna get convictions of any of those people. And yet now Trump has cover to pardon all of the people who actually are in danger in this jurisdiction. All of them. Yep. And, and what's I, I think even just from a big picture perspective, we don't wanna lose our sense of shock at this type of like Banana Republic behavior. Yes. And James Biden, I had actually like in the Biden tornado of corruption over the last half decade, forgotten that he had completely, he's obviously lied to Congress and James Comer recommended that he be prosecuted. He recommended it to Merrick Garland's Department of Justice.


So obviously dead on arrival, but would've pursued it had James Biden not been pardoned because James Biden said under he, he said straight up that Joe Biden did not meet with their business partners. Well they were seeking a deal with these Chinese businessmen. We know that that is not true. That is a lie. He lied to Congress and now he's pardoned for it. But that was a lie to cover up corruption. That was a lie to cover up corruption on behalf of the President, not just his relatives. And yeah, it's, it's gone on. He didn't pardon himself, which is interesting. And I'll tell you, the one thing that jumped out at me was Mark Milley who issued a statement saying, hold on a second, I have it here in part. Okay. He said, my family and I are deeply grateful for the president's actions today after 43 years of faithful service in uniform to our nation, protecting and defending the Constitution, I do not wish to spend whatever remaining time the Lord grants me fighting those who unjustly might seek retribution for perceived slights.


I do not wanna put my family, friends and those with whom I served through the resulting distraction expense and anxiety. Really, how are you any different from Donald Trump who's 78 years old and really didn't wanna spend the time he had left fighting for his freedom in four different jurisdictions. Right. All of these Democrats, and I assume, I don't know what Milley is, but he certainly sounds like a Democrat. And he behaved like one at the end of Trump's term, want such sympathy for themselves. Like poor me, the evil Trump. They have absolutely no empathy for him or res take no responsibility for what they did, what they been doing to him for years now And their own role in it. Right. Like they don't, it, it, it, it doesn't occur to them that they may have contributed to the problem.


They're still unwilling to admit that. And that's what I saw from Gayle King too. When she's out there waxing poetic about how she doesn't see any people of color at Trump's inauguration. It's like you're missing the entire point. You were still missing the entire point. The host of Celebrity Apprentice just beat you in an election twice. Twice. Yeah. How did that happen, Gail? And it Didn't clock. I mean, it's still, it's still not registering Well, you know, you can't save these people who are obsessed with race. You cannot save them from themselves. Like, I don't think they can be cleansed of this illness. The the ones we're going for are the ones who are faking it just to Yes. Keep their jobs and the go along. The CEOs. Yeah, the CEOs. Right, exactly. Or like those guys who work at the banks on Wall Street who just kind of went along with, no, I definitely wanna hire another woman for sure.


Even though the three p weakest people on my team happen to be female, but I a woman Driver, you say that sounds wonderful. I mean, yeah. Like we are graded many, many things. We don't have to be graded driving. No. But honestly, like I the day, that's why there was such a backlash to Kaitlyn Clark owning her white privilege when she was recognized as, as times Athlete of the year. That what I heard from everybody, my audience, my friends, my colleagues, was we don't have to do that anymore. We want a whole presidential election and a house and a Senate so that we don't have to do that anymore. And that's why Trump is just such a breath of fresh air.


He comes in and he's like, you know, he dropped some, some swears yesterday at the Capital One arena. I think he said bullshit. You know, he infamously called Ted Cruz, the P word. He saluted the village people in the Ask Assless chaps. Oh, incredible, incredible digital. We have to talk about the village people. What a moment. Somebody tweeted out we, there was a Democrat. We've officially lost the gays. Like the gays have officially lost the village people. We lost those five gays. And I didn't realize that the village people is like the globe Trotters we're like, I guess they just keep getting replaced because those guys were not the, the, the village people came to fame in the seventies. They look good.


They're not 80. These guys are young. They were so entertaining. My favorite was the Native American, but it was tight. It was tight. It was hard to pick a favorite. And Trump dancing with the village people to YMCA and th that this is the most iconic, that's the Doug Mills New York Times shot. That is a good Shot. Doug Mills is a genius. Yeah. Because that is gold how that, that will live forever. And for the listening audience, it's the Native American with a huge headdress coming down in the back of him in the huge y you know, his arms up and why, and Trump and his like, signature dance move like the, the fists out and his hip out to the side. And like the Indian guy looks so happy.


Like he just looks so jubilant. It's such, I don't like, what is it that's so attractive about that photo? I just don't know how Republicans got the upper hand in the culture war again, like 2012. It was the Republican autopsy was saying that you needed to moderate in order to win voters. And here we are, it's 2025. And Donald Trump, a man who spent his life as a Democrat, has completely shifted the cultural tide to what Eliana was saying. All of these, it came to be called wokeness, but all of this sort of cultural progressivism, some people call it cultural Marxism, had started stacking up slowly in our institutions. It did come from the campuses, it came from postmodernism, and then it was slowly taking over society. And then it happened all at once. In 2020, it felt like the snowball had rolled down the hill.


And it's Donald Trump. It is Donald Trump in the year 2025. It's not MIT Romney, it's not some conservative standard bearer. You, no offense to Ted Cruz. It's not Ted Cruz. It's Donald Trump. He was the only one who could come in and just melt the frost that had settled over the culture. It's very, very honestly surreal when You think about what's happening on our college campuses and most of whom do receive some federal money, how are they going to stop all this? Right? He's, because the executive order can only apply to schools that accept federal money. He can't control state schools. And how is it going, how are they going to deal with this? Like the women's studies departments that have completely sold out to the trans lobby, how are they going to handle the fact that they can't insist on preferred pronouns, that there's an executive order saying there are only two genders.


He should have said two sexes. Yeah, but fine. I'll give him, I know where he is going. I don't think he wrote it. No, I don't think he did either. But I, it'll be like how these things actually get implemented and the pushback legally and culturally and as a practical matter are still a big question mark for me. Like that that's, that's gonna be a big storyline over the next, you know, coming weeks and months as Trump actually gets to work. And of course, the immigration thing is going to take top slot on the news channels because already today, already today, they are showing and circulating videos. Have you seen it? Of the so-called asylum seekers, you know, alleged asylum seekers being told CP B one has been shut down.


You cannot use that app anymore. And the media's showing them crying like, oh, but I wanna get in. I'm sure you do wanna get in. I'm sorry, it's not your country. We have no right. We have no obligation to let you in. And this process has been so disgustingly abused by so many others before you. You can't come in, you're gonna have to go someplace else. There are people From your country who are in line who you're trying to skip. Right? I mean, it's is, it was, there was no sense of order. It was complete chaos. It has been for like a decade. And so there has to be a process. Most Americans agree with that. We just went through the new New York Times Ipsos numbers. So those, those images, I think they may ultimately have a little bit of, you may see that showing up a little bit in public opinion polling. We saw that back in 2017 during the kids in cages false narrative.


But I don't think it's gonna work the way the media thinks it will. I wonder is they're definitely not in favor of closing the border or finishing off the border fence. But Trump didn't lose because he had restrictive immigration policies in, in, oh God, no. You know, in 2016 or 2020, he didn't lose because of kids in cages. And I think now he knows how important it is. I I I'm not sure those images will, will be particularly damaging to him. I think said today at the after party showed he's actually Doing something. Yeah, it's having a real impact. He said today at the after speech, immigration was the reason, it was the number one reason. Hmm. And he said, I know, I know, you know, inflation was important too, but he's like, immigration was huge.


And like he said, there's only so many times you can tell people what the price of bread is. But you know, you, you see what's happening at our border. And look, you know, the reason I think somebody like, you know, Tucker Carlson, who's obviously a big fan of Trump, is so devoted to him, is he expects to see that border closed. Good point. Like his top surrogates and closest, you know, people to him and including his family members, they want that border closed. And it's not just happening at the border, as we've seen the past four years. It's happening in New York City and it's happening in Chicago and it's happening in Colorado. And that's why I think he got coast to coast support for this policy nationally.


Is that like DEI and the gender ideology that trickled down to touch, you know, all Americans so did this immigration crisis where it was everywhere And continues to be. And that's why the other piece of this is Tom Holman, who's heading up the deportation force. He said that he, there, there was a report that he was gonna start in Chicago, but the administration is being cagey about where they're gonna start because they don't want all the illegals to flee from one city to the o the next. I think they want some element of surprise. He wants stretch into Am ambiguity. Yeah, right. Exactly. Like we used to have in, in Taiwan. But I bet they're starting right now. I guarantee you Tom Holman is either at his desk or in the field working on deportations at this moment.


That guy was chomping at the bit. And I do expect the media to make a huge sob story out of this. Like, oh, poor. But they're setting the stage, you know, Holman and others now have been rejiggering the narrative to, there's no such thing as family separations. The families are welcome to leave with the illegal, it's not our obligation to leave the illegal here so that he or she can stay with their family who may or may not be here lawfully. That is, that's the choice of the family. And I heard, I think it was Christie Noam say at her confirmation hearing, when somebody gets arrested and they have to go into prison, we don't talk about family separation. It's like, right, you, you're going to have to leave your family because you did something wrong.


Like, that's on you madam or sir. And I think the media is gonna, they're not gonna embrace that narrative. They're gonna be playing the heartstrings like, oh, look at the poor family separations and the rest of us who have hearts and may feel sorry for when in watching some of these videos have to remember why it's happening. Yeah. I mean, make no mistake. All of these stories are heart wrenching. I mean, you talk to people at the border and it's like, my God, that is terrible. I know you just want a better life for your child. And they are really sad stories. But they also are encouraging more people to cross the Darien gap if you let them in. You're bringing more and more people through the darienne gap where women are getting sexually assaulted, young girls are getting raped, they're being impregnated, they're all trafficked by cartels.


Every single person pays. Plenty of sources can tell you that if you actually talk to people on the border. So when you see these sob stories, they are representing even worse stories when you let them in. I mean, we have to have a process. And Tom Holman is somebody who came out of the Obama administration to the conversation we were having earlier about just rolling back the clock to before Obama dramatically upended the way that immigration worked in this country via executive orders in particular. But he's someone who's a great example, like the Trump administration isn't necessarily like aggressively devising these innovative policies. They're literally just going back to a baseline in some Cases. Yeah. The what it used to be. My team has pulled a soundbite that they think we wanna see. It's Rachel Maddow talking to NBC's Jacob Soof, who's he is Terrible on Immigration.


He's very, very woke on immigration. Let's watch. Does it feel like an emergency where you are standing Feels no different than 20 minutes ago, or 30 minutes ago. Or an hour ago when we got here early this morning, Rachel, the one practical change that we do know that has gone into effect here is that that C BP one app that was put into place by the Biden administration, part of their effort, stated effort to have a more fair, safe, humane, orderly process at the border has been discontinued by the Trump administration and President Trump. So he said, no change, Mike. Its fe she's waiting for him to be like, families are being ripped apart.


He is like, hmm, it's the same, we're good. Yeah, but he'll get to it Later this Week. But you know who, you know who I wanna hear from? Who has, I think has his finger on the pulse of, you know, all immigration changes is probably not him. Not him At all. Oh, he Thinks he, by the way, he's subject of a defamation lawsuit at NBC over coverage of immigrations and customs enforcement. So maybe not him, the uterus collector. That's right. Yeah. I forgot I saw that and then I never followed up on that. Yeah, I'm thrilled to hear That. Glad he's still out there though. He Thrilled to hear that he's, he's not a good person. He's such a jerk. He is one of the guys who was on my set the day of my blackface comments and couldn't throw me under the bus soon enough. Oh really? He was like, back it up over her 10 times Over semi.


I Was like sending You back to Mexico. So I hope you lose in your defamation case, and I hope you have to stay at the border a nice long time. You can meet my friend Tom Holman and see what he's doing. We're gonna take a quick break and we'll be back with the ejs right after this.


Life is busy and finding the time to shop for clothes can feel impossible. This is why DailyLook is a game changer. The number one premium personal styling service for women. Here's how it works. A stylist curates a box of up to 12 pieces tailored to body shape preferences and lifestyle. Whether chic office outfits or cozy, everyday looks are needed, DailyLook delivers what fits the moment. Everything can be tried on at home and you keep what works and send back the rest with free shipping both ways. It's a seamless, stress-free way to elevate any wardrobe. DailyLook works with top brands like Kate Spade and more offering premium pieces for every occasion. Sizes range from extra small to three x and zero to 24, making it an inclusive styling service for everyone at every size Daily looks. Mission is simple. To elevate personal style while saving time and effort, it's time to get your own personal stylist with DailyLook. Head to DailyLook dot com to take your style quiz and use code Megan for 50% off your first order. That's DailyLook dot com for 50% off. And make sure you use my promo code M-E-G-Y-N so they know we sent you DailyLook dot com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N.


When it comes to grocery shopping and meal planning, it's often stressful and time consuming between busy schedules and personal demands. Finding the time to shop, plan meals, or cook healthy dishes from scratch is challenging. On top of that, maintaining special dietary needs and health goals can feel overwhelming. But now there is Hungryroot. The easiest way to eat healthy Hungryroot acts as a personal shopper and nutritionist combined. It handles everything from weekly grocery shopping to meal planning, offering personalized recommendations based on individual tastes, preferences, and health goals. From smoothies and snacks to full meals, all offerings are healthy with no artificial sweeteners or preservatives, only top quality ingredients are used, making healthy, eating easy and delicious. Take advantage of this exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box PLUS a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungryroot dot com slash mk, use the code mk, that's Hungryroot dot com slash mk. Use the code MK to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungryroot dot com slash mk. That's code mk.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free. Offer details apply.


I James David Vance. Do solemnly swear I James David Vance. Do solemnly swear That I'll support and defend the Constitution of the United States. That I will Support and defend the Constitution God of the United States, oh My God, against all enemies, foreign and domestic against All enemies foreign and domestic. That I'll bear true faith, That I'll bear true faith And allegiance to the same and allegiance To the same. That I take this obligation freely. That I take this obligation freely Without any mental reservation. Without Any mental reservation. Okay. That was my favorite moment of the whole thing.


Yes, Melle was adorable, but what I loved about that was a, a couple things. But number one, it was his mom. His mom Beverly, who just hit 10 years clean from her heroin addiction. And I gotta tell you, like, this actually kind of makes me kinda emotional, but like the way she looks kind of reminds me of my sister. Mm. You know, who was also an addict, recovering like Beverly. But you know, like a little weathered, like beautiful, but a little, a little weathered. You can tell this person's not had the easiest life. And look at her, you guys, it's so sweet. She's there seeing her son sworn in as the vice president.


Like if you know his story, and I, and I know it's, you know, well now, but like he suffered, you know, he suffered so mightily. His dad abandoned them. His mom had man after man in the house. His mom had a history of abuse. And he writes all about the time she rode. She drove him 90 miles an hour in a car and threatened to kill them both. And he was terrified. And the police came. He heard a lot of domestic violence in the house. He never knew what pajamas were. He slept in blue jeans as, as he said, most hillbilly kids did. Most of their upbringing. He had Pepsi in his baby bottle. So he had a weight problem most of his life. He still struggles with it. He had absolutely no signs that something wonderful would happen in his life.


None, none whatsoever. And he had some, the, the blessing of some strong women around him, his mammaw chief among them who became a national figure when he wrote Hill Bailey Elegy, his sister Lindsay, with whom he has a very close loving relationship. She's five years older. Amy Chua professor at Yale Law School, who really is one of the reasons he's up there today. She saw him as something special and helped him e encourage him to write that book, which changed everything. Usha, who he met at Yale Law School and inside this abusive environment, was a really smart gifted kid. And ma saw it, she kicked his ass. She was merciless on him.


She made him work hard and keep his marks up and so on. And he wound up using the military to go to college, went to Ohio State and he did really well. Like he crushed Ohio State in two years with a double major. And the next thing you knew, he was like, you know what, what the hell? He applied to Yale Law School and got in, and that I'm sure was the biggest game changer of his life, you know, getting into Yale Law School. And he served and he served, he served as a Marine for five years, I think it was. And like to see him up there and to see his loving mother, who I'm sure this is by far the greatest accomplishment she's seen in her own life. You know, I mean her, her daughter Lindsay's great too, but this is remarkable.


Be alive for it, you know, like be able to take it in because JD Vance is young. JD Vance just turned 40 a few months ago, which is why he has toddlers up there with him. And that's another piece of the wonderful moment, which is we're gonna have him for God willing, decades to come. And if all goes well, he could be the person to whom Trump passes the baton in four years to keep this whole thing going. So anyway, for me, by far, number one moment, You know, there's another aspect of that. I looked at it and saw something different, which is interesting, but there were a lot of storylines colliding in that moment, which is that he chose Brett.


Brett Kavanaugh, Supreme Court Justice. I love that. Administer the oath to, to him and his wife, Usha clerked for Kavanaugh, I believe on the DC circuit. Yeah. And then she clerked for John Roberts. So she was a clerk to the two guys who were up there administering the oath of office. And I, I had a conversation with JD way back when before he ran for any kind of office who relayed the impact that what Kavanaugh, that Kavanaugh's ordeal had on him, and sort of the way he saw things. Well, Trump played a big role in sticking by Kavanaugh and getting him elected to the court. And Kavanaugh is also a longtime friend of Amy Chu's at Yale.


And her daughter, I believe also clerked for him, for him. So he's sort of a central figure in all of this. And it was really nice to see him up there sort of tying it all together. Trump Agree? No, I thought the same thing. And I thought both of those guys have come under serious fire from leftists who are out to ruin them. Jd there was a period where even the Republican party was saying he's not gonna make it, that they're gonna pull him after, after Trump named him, that he wasn't, wasn't gonna survive childless cat lady. And by the way, for the record, I said from the beginning, you people are fools. That is not going to happen. He will remain the nominee. And Trump stood by him too. Trump did not waver on jd, he did not waver on Brett Kavanaugh.


And so there was a poetic justice to Kavanaugh being the one to administer the oath to JD today. Well, and I think if you told venture capitalist authored JD Vance, that in 2025, Brett Kavanaugh, like tell him, you know, what, what year was that? 2018 when the Kavanaugh stuff happened. Yeah. Tell him in November of 2018 that in just seven years you will have your hand on the Bible and Brett Kavanaugh will be the man swearing you and his vice president of the United Oh my. I mean, JD Vance's story is so irresistible that even Ron Howard made a Netflix movie about it. And as we were Just, that was before he was a known right. Republican Trump supporter. Right. And and it just, it gave me chills as you were walking us through his background, Meghan, because you know that that doesn't get to happen.


You, you, that doesn't happen to a lot of people. It actually doesn't happen to a lot of people in our politics anymore because of the way upward mobility and like it, things have gotten stagnated and he beat the odds and there he is. He has the story that I think the press would be slobbering over right now if he were a Democrat and we're hearing none Of it. Not to mention he married a woman who happens to be brown and he has mixed race kids, which they would be celebrating too, but instead they tell us he too is a white supremacist who's working for a white supremacist now. They don't, it doesn't count. By the way, I Literally heard that on NPR as I was coming over here. Oh yeah. In the car. Oh, they were talking about how Donald Trump stands for white supremacy. Not a lot of people of color except Second Lady of the United States. Yeah. And the children. Yeah. Right. And the Hil, you know, in fact, you guys, can we pull, can we pull over the soundbite of JD Vance in my interview of him in 2017 on whe when I said, are you gonna run for office?


And his reaction to it, I think you, you guys can probably find it. We've played it before, but it's a great one. When I interviewed him back then, so I, I feel like I I I, we can almost say exactly what he would've said. He wouldn't have believed that, you know, there was, it was clear when I sat with him in 17, that he was possibly contemplating a future in politics because he had just left Peter Thiel and working for him in Silicon Valley. And he told me one of the reasons he left is here he is, you know, this Midwestern guy from Ohio who didn't have a lot of travel in his life growing up, if any, Kentucky as we know down in the challah. But he goes out to San Francisco and he said, people are openly defecating on the streets. He's like, I gotta get outta here. Like I I, I can't survive in this.


If this is San Francisco, I I'm out. So he comes back home and he started, you know, this sort of initiative where he was gonna help people like him get out into the workforce. And it never really went anywhere, but it always seemed like a placeholder to sort of rejigger the next step. And he and Usha were just starting their children, their, their family. She was super pregnant. I was gonna say his wife was clerking too and had a newborn baby while she clerked for the court. And he played a big role in help, helping, helping her out while she was doing something else. That's Why it's so insane when people are trying to say that he doesn't like women. It's like how, what kind of a husband who's very accomplished in his own right and went to Yale Law School and worked in Silicon Valley would be that supportive of his very busy wife who's pregnant with their child, who then is clerking on the Supreme Court.


Obviously he's a very evolved man. And you know, again, if you were a Democrat, he, they'd be calling him a feminist. Oh, They, he would've gotten the em h treatment. Totally. Oh, that's such a good point. He's like the wife guy. Yeah. Yeah, the wife Guy. He husband, he's a girl Dad. He's a wife guy Without the cheating and abuse. He's totally, yeah. He's just like Deb dog and h we have it, Deb. Oh, but she's, she's looking for it. Okay, well we have it. We'll, we'll drop it in for, for listening audience. Okay. So that's, that's JD Vance. I wanna go back to Melania. I have to say, it's a delight to see somebody who is incredibly stylish and sophisticated and classy resume this role.


I am sick of the Vogues of the world trying to make car Jean Pierre and her alleged style a thing. Jill Biden, who I grant you, you know, has been a lifetime partner to Joe Biden. I can't say good partner, given that she allowed him to run for reelection. But prior to now, she seems like she was okay to his in infirmity, trying to make her in a fashion icon. Melania Trump, an actual supermodel who is about six foot four in this, in this video we're watching now, never in Vogue, never on the cover of Vogue. And man, just the elegance of that whole, the, my my favorite thing though, were like the memes about the hat because she, she, they were like, she's taking a list of all the enemies.


She's under that hat. Like, and you, and you and you. And then people went wild. 'cause Trump, when he came out to be sworn in, tried to give her a kiss. Yes. And he couldn't get to her face. Or maybe he was just doing the polite thing that sometimes our men do. We're like, you're all made up. And they don't totally make contact, but here, here it is, that video he gets almost there. It's very tough. It was the hat, it was the makeup. But look at her, you guys, she is stunning. Unbelievable. I unbelievable. I'm curious, actually, we talked earlier in the show about how Oscar de la Renta was sort of openly posting on social media about how they addressed Usha and Ivanka.


And if I'm remembering correctly, it was only like Dolce and Gaana that would dress Melania during the first term, something like that. And now I'm so fascinated that these brands actually wanna be associated with, right? Like, they're not just saying like, oh, hey, we did this, but don't tell anyone. Like they're going out there and posting it to their own marketing platforms. That's the vibe shift. If I've ever seen one, Wouldn't wanna buy a dress from the designer who does Melania's clothing. Well, crack me up. Was JFK's grandson or great grandson? I don't know how to tweet. Oh, Schlosberg. Yeah. That was like, oh, she's more beautiful than Jackie O. And somebody was like, that's your grandma dude. What? Seriously? That's weird.


Funny. That is weird. That's really weird. Hey, I don't know what that is about. Okay, so while we're on the subject of fashion, you knew that Lauren Sanchez was not gonna make it through this show without a mention. She dresses like a prostitute. She looked like a hooker at the inauguration, she wore a corset and she had her boobs on display. I can't with this woman. They were, the girls were out this, she thought that, look at this, look at this. I can see the middle of her boobs. I can see her under boob. Like right there. Right. This is absurd. She couldn't even keep them covered up for a day.


And all over at the ex was a picture of Mark Zuckerberg who was sitting next to her sneak. He knew Where the action Was at. Sneaky Peek. I don't blame him at all. No, that's exactly, it's You can't look away. You can't look away. Oh, I can't, it was like bombs out in the rotunda and we were joking before the show. Like, are we, we Getting, are we getting, I mean, who could blame him? That's why she did it. Are we It's It's Washington Post style section coverage of the Lauren Sanchez. Oh, get up. I'm gonna guess. No, It's amazing. The first thing that Meghan and Eliana started talking about when we walked in was Lauren Sanchez.


It was Like incredible day. It was the headline out of No one could believe it. It was the cheesiest thing ever. I'm sorry. Like it is it, it plenty of people write about John Fetterman and his shorts, which is fine. I don't agree with that either. But who, how many people are gonna write about her showing her breasts at the, the Washington Free region? Yes. We'll be writing about that. That I love the b Yeah. Okay. We, full fashion analysis. No Woman Of the Year. Can I tell you something? They're vicious because Jeff Bezos runs the Washington Post, owns it and owns Amazon. Of course. And I will tell you, I, this is not my first time saying she dresses like a hooker because she does. And we called out, we had to call deal with some Hollywood PR firm. I can't remember who we were trying to get, but we tried to avoid those people.


But sometimes you can't. And this a PR agent went off on our booker. They, they're so angry because they represent her or they do some business with her and she had, you know, talked to them, whatever. It's like those two don't like to be made fun of. Yep. He's done a lot to change his look. He looks nothing like he looked 20 years ago. She, I don't think she's seen a doctor if she doesn't wanna go under the scalp. I mean, you tell me and that's, that's not natural. No, and that's fine if that's your choice, but have some dignity and some respect for your setting in your circumstances. No one should be talking about your tits. Sorry. They should be talking about the inauguration.


Well, they're totally out of touch. I mean out of touch at the moment. They're trying really hard to get back into touch. I mean, this is the thing with Jeff Bezos, right? Is suddenly you go from what we were talking about earlier, like censorship on Amazon, proud censorship on Amazon to flipping and being behind Trump as he denounces censorship at his inauguration. I mean, they're slowly trying. I'm not saying their motives are good. I hope to God their motives are pure. I doubt it. But I think what she was trying to do is actually make a statement like, I'm not of this city. This, this I'm not Yes. Of this movement. We, We picked up what she was putting down. Yeah, we did. No, because it Wasn't Subtle. Think about it, because you look at, I mean, Melania Trump, she's, she's got a breast. She's got, she's, She's, I'm trying to say she's not, you know, just say it Megan.


She, she's scurvy. Okay. But look how she dresses. She's, she's the epitome of class. Yeah. Like, she could wear that outfit and get even more attention if she wanted to even, you know, at and when she's not at the inauguration, she doesn't dress like that. She does not run around showing off all the assets. Yes. Back in the day she took nude pictures. I, I know that Trump is reportedly the one who leaked them to the New York Post. Hell yeah. This is a long time ago before they were in presidential politics and it certainly wasn't at a presidential inauguration. I just feel like if you get in invited, remember Christy Tegan, who showed her underwear off at the White House correspondence dinner, and now you got this woman who's shown off her breasts at the inauguration, like, please for love of God, have some respect for these institutions.


Who Is Chrissy Tegan? No, I'm kidding. That's the right response actually. Okay, so before we end predictions for the next three weeks, what we're about to look at, It's gonna be a wild ride That that applies to the next four years. Oh yeah. The no warning, by the way, Megan did not give us warning for our predictions. So now we have to, I'm just Making like stupid enough to make predictions. A lot of lawfare. Yeah, Yeah, I agree. I mean, I think the birthright citizenship one is the one to watch. I actually think some of the biggest fights behind closed doors in this administration are oddly enough going to be over antitrust. I know that sounds like a silly thing, but a lot of these young staffers spent the last decade talking about how corporations like Amazon and Facebook were too big.


Meta were too big. And well, that's probably why they were there. Yes. And I think, yeah, exactly. I think they know that. And so that to me seems like one of the big battles to watch. I think we're gonna see some of the consequences early, but the birthrate citizenship thing is gonna be tough to hold up. I'm watching TikTok because that would be interesting. That was an executive order too. That was a 90 day reprieve. Trump wants to work out a deal where it's 50% US owned. You're already hearing Republicans pushback. Tom Cotton in particular, who is a Trump ally said, I don't Know that you can undo a, a law that's been duly passed by Congress and signed by the president by executive order. Like that's, I by, like, I have nothing against TikTok necessarily, but I don't think you can undo a duly passed law with an executive order.


Biden saying, I'm just not gonna enforce. This was another example. Yeah. You signed The law. You Wait, we didn't talk about Biden declaring a new 28th amendment. Oh Yeah. Oh right, yeah. That I don't want hear, I forgot. We're equal now by Tweet Vegas. Great news by tweet and then the American Bar Association and Georgetown Law celebrating it like it was real. It's insane. States have rescinded their support for The era United, like United Senator. Six of them have rescinded their support. So this is like the most extra constitutional bullshit that you can imagine. And yet there's Yeah, nobody cares. There are only 20, 27 amendments. That's, that's that there is, he did not, you cannot do a 28th amendment by tweet. And they better, they better accept that.


Or Trump's gonna start doing it every day. Two Genders and 28 amendments. This is Trump's America. 27. 27. 27 amendments. Yeah. Sorry. It's crazy. Okay, we'll end the show on this. My team did find the JD Vans exchange with yours Truly when I talked to them now, I guess it was, well, three, eight years ago. Just, it doesn't seem that long. Yeah. But he looks so different and in many ways he was so different and certainly his life was too watch. What do you think? Should he run for office? I think someday if the time is right and if, if he really feels that that's the best way that he can contribute to his home, then I think that would be a great idea. Why do you get Uncomfortable when that idea comes up?


I, I, I just, I think that, you know, when people ask me if I wanted one for office, part of me wonders like, do they think I just give off a used car salesman vibe? Don't you think it's more born of hope that you could be a, you could be a real change agent? Yeah, no, I, I think that's the optimistic take on it. And I'm, I'm very flattered when people ask me, and you never say never, but it's just not something that I think about doing right now. Never say never. That's our vice president I good's crazy, right? He looks So different. So different. He's grown up in a lot of ways. I had to say, I'm wishing him all the best. I have like been praying a lot for those two, for the cabinet members. I really hope the Senate does the right thing.


Gives Pete Hegseth a vote soon and doesn't let him twist in the wind. And that Trump's nominees get in there. We, we have so much important business to do and it's, this is no time to jerk around in the Senate. You know, we need, he needs his full cabinet. We, we all know, you know, he's gonna push his agenda through. If you guys don't wanna vote for the nominees, you don't have to vote for them. But they deserve a vote and we gotta get going. They, this country overwhelmingly voted for Donald Trump and they support his politics. Even the polls that I just read, like the New York Times showed they support his policies more than they support him personally. Either way, you can't get in the way, stop getting in the way of those policies because the American people voted for them. So prayers up for the Trump family and the Vance family and for the country, which I feel like is on the right track for the first time in a long time.


Thank you both so much dealing with to be here, the traffic, these two, two. First thing just to get over here is like, you can't move in DC right now. I don't know what's gonna happen. I've never seen anything like it. Right. And you know, there really are a lot of people here. Prayer for everyone to get home safe because people have the time of their lives. It's, it's fun. It's fun to see. I don't even care if it's left or right. Yeah. You know, it's Just fun to see. No, they're having a good time, including us. Alright, lots of love. But let us know what you think. You can email me, Megan, MEGY n@megankelly.com. We'll see you tomorrow with Nr Day. Thanks for listening to the me Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.