
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


At Leidos, we make things smarter and more efficient. From cutting development time in half on a new class of cruise missile for the DOD to already being done with this ad Leidos, making smart, smarter.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. This is an extra for you. After a year's long battle, Prince Harry lost his fight for government funded security when he is in the uk. Following the legal ruling, Prince Harry ran to the media shock and participated in a sit down interview with the BBC claiming he does not see a world where he could bring Meghan and the kids back to the uk alleging we know where the responsibility lies if something were to happen to his father's grandchildren.


While admitting he doesn't know how long his father, the King of England has left, he's been battling an undisclosed form of cancer. Harry and Meghan continually reach new lows. Here to walk us through the latest is Dan Wooten, host of Dan Wooten, outspoken,


forget government debt. Another real crisis is personal debt. After four years of inflation, you might be working harder than ever and still be buried in credit card debt and overdue bills. Consider Done with Debt, Their tough negotiators know how to reduce bills, eliminate interest and erase penalties to end your debt permanently without bankruptcy and without loans. But some of their solutions are time sensitive. So you do need to move quickly. Go to Done with Debt dot com for a free consultation. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Dan, great to see you again. Welcome back. And of course, it's on a note like this, sour embittered and woe is me. Put it in perspective for us. What's he doing here? Always, always. I mean, this is a shocking new low Meghan, because amidst all of that, he also went as far too suggest that the royal family actually wanted him dead. So let's just step back and think about that for one moment, because on the one hand he's saying, I want reconciliation. I want to have a relationship with my brother again, even though he never wants to speak to me again. I want to speak to my dad again. Yeah, he's probably dying, so I feel a little bit bad about that.


Then in the same breath, he's saying, these guys want me to be unsafe. They want, Lemme show that I have that little bit from the BBC interview. We have a bunch of shots, but let me show that that last one that he believes they want him dead. I want history to repeat itself. I think there's a lot of other people out there, the majority, that also don't want history to repeat itself through the disclosure process. I've discovered that some people want history to repeat itself, which is pretty dark. That's quite a statement. Who, who do you think that is? I, I'm not, I'm not gonna share it at this point. You know, I know all the names of the people that were involved in this process, and again, you know, you have to question why wasn't I put through the same risk management board that everybody else was put through.


So the reason they won't pay for his ongoing security when he visits the UK is because they want him dead. Dan Dead. I know this is now paranoia and delusion on an actual terrifying scale because Meghan, what he is suggesting is that the royal family is conspiring with the British government to make him unsafe to see him die in an accident like his mother, princess Diana. All, because actually this is where his argument gets really weird. They secretly wanted to force him into returning to the uk. Trust me, Meghan. Trust me.


You know, I've covered this story up close for many years. Yes. No member of the royal family, not one, not one member of the British Royal family wants him back in the United Kingdom. And as for reconciliation, my source is very close to Prince William say that his words were over my dead body. It's done, it's over. There were red lines. Harry crossed them. And the fact that he's now trying to suggest that the royal family actually want him to die like Diana, well, it's just another step too far. Like why on earth would they reconcile at the same time as he's putting out actually arguably the most crazy and explosive accusation yet?


Yes, yes. And why would he want to reconcile with people who literally want him dead? I mean, it doesn't make any sense. And so it isn't true. That's basically the rule. He unfortunately, it looks like we're gonna be stuck with him because he said the following in so 42, I can't see a world in which I would be bringing my wife and children back to the UK at this point. And the things that they, the things that they're gonna miss is, well, everything, you know, I love my country. I always have done, despite what some people in that country have done.


So, you know, I, I, I miss, I miss the uk. I miss parts of the uk. Of course I do. And I think that's, it's really quite sad that I wouldn't be able to show, you know, my children, my homeland. Ugh. So stomach turning, Dan and I love my country, you know, despite what some people there have done, he's got so much anger. What Did we do? I mean, all I can think is that we reported the truth, right? We reported the truth about the behavior of his wife, his narcissistic wife, Meghan Markle. Now Meghan, remember at the time, the idea was that people like me were actually somehow racist because we reported the fact that she was a bully.


For example, reported the fact that the late Queen Elizabeth II had called her out for her disgusting behavior, that Catherine had actually confronted her at Kensington Palace about the way that she spoke to stuff that was all racism. There was something about us, Brits, we just didn't understand the American way. Well, how on earth does Prince Harry now explain the fact that actually the bullying accusations are piling up from Americans from the woke Californians working at Archibald, that they're reported in establishment pro royal magazines like Vanity Fair or the Hollywood Reporter. None of this makes sense. And the problem is Harry is now so isolated, he has ignored so many people for so long, is only one person who advises him, his wife, and she only cares about trying to protect her own reputation.


So all of this is crazy, but the idea that he thinks there is a way back by giving another interview is what's nuts. Because I will say Meghan, Charles does, king Charles doesn't feel the same as Prince William. There is a split between father and son on this. So William, when he is on the throne, and very sadly that will probably be sooner rather than later, given Charles is suffering from cancer, which I believe to be incurable, although Buckham palace are saying that he's fighting on, and things are pretty good. And obviously we know with medical advances you can stay alive with incurable cancer for some time.


But the long term or even the medium term prognosis is not good. And by the time William is on the throne, there is no way back Meghan, he doesn't even want Harry at his own coronation. So wow, it's finished. But Charles is a different type of guy. He feels a lot of guilt for Harry's upbringing. He knows that the war of the Whales, which was obviously Diana versus Charles, and all of those TV interviews and tampon gate, and then the death of Princess Diana, he knows that did screw Harry up in a lot of ways. So Charles still feels this inherent guilt as a dad and was open to some sort of reman.


But then Harry went and gave the interview to the BBC, and it is back to square one, Right? So he's, the thing he's whining about now is that when he left the royal family and his official role, they said, we're not going to be paying for your security when you come over here. You know, you've left the, you're not no longer working royal, so you're not going to get the police force around you when you pay visits here. And Harry's argument to the B, B, C and in court was, I can never leave the royal family. I could leave as a working royal, but I am part of the royal family and therefore I'm in danger. And that they never did a review of my security status.


They just yanked it to try to force me. And you were saying this couldn't possibly be, but try to force me to stay as a working royal because he said my threat level was the highest of anybody back in like 2020. And then they revoked all my protection without even doing an additional security assessment, proving in his mind they knew I was at risk. And while I left as a working royal, I never can leave being a royal because he, as he said to the BB, C, you know, I am who I am A hundred percent, and he wants to be treated like a former prime minister who will receive lifetime security, right? So even as Charles, she was prime minister.


Prime Minister physics six weeks, she receives security for the rest of her life. He believes that that's what he deserves. Now, Meghan, in the negotiations after Mexi at this thing called the Sandham Summit, where all of the senior royals, the late Queen Elizabeth ii, king, Charles, William, and their senior staff gathered, Harry was told point blank, you will lose your security if you leave in this way. Yes, that is why the royals tried to come to some type of arrangement with Harry. There were loads of ideas thrown around at one point, it was like, could we maybe move you to South Africa, a commonwealth country for six months of the year?


What about making you the Governor General of Australia? Is there some type of role for you in Canada? But as soon as Meghan Markle made it absolutely clear that it was all about the moolah, it was all about the big bucks. It was all about trading off the royal name. And you've gotta remember, she was lining up these deals. Meghan, when she was still the Dutchess of Sussex, she was in talks with Disney. She was in talks with the publishing companies and talks with Netflix. So at that point, the late Queen Elizabeth ii, quite rightly in my opinion, said, no, there is no half in, half out. So you can go, you go our blessing, but you lose everything and you do lose your security. And you can imagine the difficulty for the British government, because if they were to fund Prince Harry's security, that would also mean that there would be pressure for them to provide security to other high net worth famous individuals who come to the United Kingdom, mark Zuckerberg, Elon Musk, bill Gates.


And that doesn't happen in this country. Now, Harry has been very intellectually dishonest though to suggest that there is no security for him. Every time he has come. King Charles has offered him a lo at wait for it. Buckingham Palace. And guess what? Meghan Buckingham Palace is empty at the moment, right? Charles is at Clarence House. William is in Windsor. So he could have the rum of Buckingham Palace, and if he was at Buckingham Palace, he would receive full security. Guess what? Harry said? No, he went to say with a posh rich friend and an 8 million pound flat. It has been revealed, Megan, that he ordered Deliveroo.


You know, Deliveroo, it's like a food order for food ordering service here like Uber Eats, whatever. Okay? Now that goes against every form of security if you are a member of the royal family. So he doesn't really care. This is just something for Harry to do. He needs to have a battle, he needs to have a mission. It's actually deeply sad, but I have zero sympathy for him because the fact that he is putting his father through this in the final years of his life, has a very, very sinister mirroring of exactly what he did with Prince Philip. Do you remember that? The Oprah interview? Yes. And all of that when Prince Philip was on his deathbed and then the late Queen Elizabeth ii, because all of the drama around spare and the Netflix documentary and all of other, all of their other terrible slight happened when the late Queen Elizabeth II was dying of blood cancer.


It's like you are never gonna learn and there's no turning back. And Meghan, there are members of the royal family who believe that Harry's behavior hastened the death of the late Queen Elizabeth ii. Yes. That is not something that they will easily forgive and forget. I believe that too. That's what I say, that I say, those two killed the queen. That's my opinion. I saw, saw that they killed the queen. I saw that. I saw that, yeah. She would've lived longer had they not ruined her last two years on earth with their, their selfishness. So much stress, so much Stress. So now he lost at the trial court level on this push to make the British royal family pay for his security when he goes to the uk. And then he appealed it and he's just lost the appeal.


And now he, he runs to the bbc, he's totally for Lauren. He, you know, he's like, can't believe I lost this. And, and now he's got this warning for his cancer stricken father in SOP 43. Once they realize that you know myself, my wife and our kids are, are happier outside of the institution, then please just look at the facts, look at the risks, look at the threat. Look at the impact that if anything was to happen to me, my wife or my father's grandchildren, if anything was to happen to them, look where the re responsibility lies. You know? I mean, what a manipulation.


My father's grandchildren, they're gonna die and it will be his fault. That's what he was saying there. It's gaslighting on a grand scale. But Megan, you know how when the palaces usually brief about these types of stories, right? They're quite buttoned up and you know, they try and keep the language that the tone quite controlled. That's all out the window after this interview. They are raging. They have had enough. So the accusations now against Harry are your gaslighting. They've literally used that term and they've also described their behavior, and especially the behavior of Meghan Markle, by the way, who after that interview, posted a picture of Harry on his own sort of looking for lawn with the two children.


Although of course you don't see the faces of the children, and it looks like their bodies have been manipulated. So that's all really weird In their garden, in Montecito, In the garden. That's it. That's it. Walking away. Do you know what the palace briefed? That is Meghan Michael giving us a giant f you. Now, that is not the sort of language usually used by the royal family, but up I thought it was usually bugger off. Yes, it's true. They definitely want him to bug her off. It's just like, leave us alone. Go and do your own thing. Enjoy your millions. What is this all about? And you can understand from Charles's point of view, it's like we've offered you Buckham Palace, you'd get royal security if there was a risk or if you were here for any type of formal event.


But if you're at Buckham Palace, you're protected anyway because of all of the natural security that is provided at Buckingham Palace. What's your problem? The problem is he wants to be able to swan into the country whenever he wants, not tell anyone and receive state funded security. It just isn't going to happen. But the problem is he's surrounded by yes men, he's surrounded by people who have created this delusion in his head. And actually he is now a pathetic man, really on so many levels. Because you're also, remember Meghan and I was more personally involved in this one because I was actually going to give evidence against Harry. And he said it was the fight of his life.


He was going to take Rupert Murdoch and the tabloid newspapers to court, and he was gonna be the first man to do it. He was never gonna settle. And this was the battle of his life versus the sun and, and news of the world. And he was gonna be the guy to bring down Rupert Murdoch. Well, guess what? The day the trial was meant to start, he folded and he folded for a big sum. He settled. So then he says, this security case is the fight of my life. This is the battle of my life. But he's lost. So what now? What? Now the problem is there is nothing. He has no focus. He has no job. He's trapped in a very unhappy marriage with a narcissistic woman who is now wearing the trousers in the relationship because she's the money maker.


Harry isn't making any money. She's the one that is now going to commercialize the children, pimp them out on social media, even though Prince Harry has said that social media is a killing ground for children. And so he's just got nothing. It's really sad that someone who on the surface has everything, you know? I mean, look at his Life. He's like a bored housewife who's looking for drama because he's not busy enough and he's not obviously spending enough time with his children, or he might find that fulfilling. But yeah, he's looking to create drama. You can see it in like the fights that he's picking. He went on to say that he could forgive the race allegations that he made.


He and his wife Megan, made both to Oprah and in their Netflix documentary, I use that term, very loosely documentary. He could forgive what happened on the racial front. But this thing about taking his security away and like trying in his view, to have him killed, that's a bridge too far. Here he is in stop 44. There are decisions that have been made. There are things that have happened since 2016, especially throughout my whole life. But let's just stick since 2016. There are things that have happened that I can now forgive. I have moved past that I can forgive my family's involvement and my father's, my brother and my stepmother. I can forgive, I can forgive the press to a large extent as well, for so many things that have happened.


What I'm struggling to forgive and what I will probably always struggle to forgive is that a decision that was made in 2020 that affects my every single day. And that is knowingly putting me and my family in harm's way. Okay, Dan, how does it affect his? Every single day we, we've seen his home, we've seen his garden, we've seen their extravagant lifestyle. They, they want us to believe they're living their best lives out there. How does him not having exactly the security he wants in the UK when he goes to the uk, affect his every single day to where this is unforgivable, but his family allegedly being a bunch of racists against his babies.


That's fine. Totally. It's completely insane. And the fact that he is asking for forgiveness is the most hilarious thing. Because actually the people who he needs to apologize to Meghan are the British people who he claimed were all racist. Remember he did post Brexit, Did 100% documentary And specifically King Charles and Katherine, the Princess of Wales, who he claimed were the royal racist. Do you remember that? After the Oprah Winfrey interview as Witch hunt began, then they leaked the names to that very odd little guy, Ooma Scoby, who sort of yes, looks a bit like Michael Jackson.


And, and, and he put out their, that they were the royal racist. And then Prince Harry goes into his, does an interview with his best mate, Tom Brad on woke I TV as I call it. And Tom Brad says, well, what about these racism allegations? And Harry says, what? Racism allegations, right? That was just made up by the media. So it's like the guy is living in actually quite a concerning dream world. There is no sense that he has anchored to any type of reality. And the fact that he's sort of saying, I can forgive you. I can forgive the British media for what you are the one that needs to apologize. And actually, that interview could have been very different.


As I say, not with William William's done. William and Catherine are done with Harry. There's, there's no going back there. But the interview could have been very different if Harry had offered some type of apology in that interview to Charles and the stress that he put him through and said, look, I'm just going to take this out of the media and I want to reconcile privately. But you know, Meghan, the distrust now between the royal family and Prince Harry and Meghan is off the scale. Like there are serious suspicions that they were actually trying to record conversations even when they return to the United Kingdom for the late Queen's funeral. And I know for a fact that King Charles and Prince William spoke about this and decided that they would not ever be in any type of confined space on their own with Prince Harry, without the other royal in attendance, because William and Charles were so nervous that Harry would create some type of lie that would become a case of their word versus his.


Yes. And so what they thought is, at least if we're both there, we are both there. We can back the other one up. But come on, that's the relationship that has just completely broken down, completely Broken, no. And so Harry do have to worry that, that he's just taping them, or if he's not taping them, just gonna use it as fodder for his next book, spare two, or his next Netflix special, or his next Spotify deal once the current spigot runs out. So yeah, the understandably, they don't have any desire to talk to him one-on-one. He's made it so that it's not possible, which is why this next soundbite is just so cynical. He knows exactly the position he's put them in.


Here it is sat 45. There have been so many disagreements differences between me and some of my family. This current situation that has been on our ongoing for five years with regard to human life and safety is the sticking point. It is the only thing that's left. Of course, some members of my family will never forgive me for writing a book. Of course, they will never forgive me for lots of things. But you know, there is, I would, I would, I would love, I would love reconciliation with my family.


I've always, I've, you know, there's no point in, in continuing to fight anymore. As I said, life is precious. I don't know how much longer my father has, you know, he, he, he, he won't speak to me because of the security stuff, but it would be nice to, it would be nice to, it would be nice to rec reconcile. Oh, how about that, Dan? It's delusional. It's totally delusional. Because what you have to think, Ian, is that there were loads of points along the way where there could have been a full reconciliation, but there was particular red lines that Harry was warned about very directly.


So from King Charles's perspective, it was, don't come for Camilla, just leave Camilla alone. And from William's perspective, it was, don't come for my wife. Do not come for Catherine. You'll be making a big mistake. And what did he do? He went for Camilla and Catherine in spare. And actually he even released private WhatsApp messages between Meghan Markle and Catherine in the book to try and prove that Catherine is some type of bully, which is a ludicrous claim. I mean, if you know anything about Catherine, it's like she's a very sweet, softly soaking person. She doesn't like getting into rails with anyone.


And Meghan, just look at the track record, right? We've seen Catherine in public life now for two decades. Have you ever heard about her fallout with anyone? Like anyone? No. And she's the picture of class. Megan is this? Yeah, Megan, there's like this long list of people who she falls out with from her own family to her personal assistant. So Harry had all of these warnings. There were ways for him to still come back, but unfortunately, he's right when he says that William will, well, he's talking about William, that William will never forgive him for writing the book. And that's not a surprise, because remember, it wasn't just Catherine that he came for, he also made William out to be some type of violent bully.


So it is, and unfortunately Harry now has to deal with the consequences of his action. You made a lot of money. That money was meant to give you the freedom. So go and live your life, go and live your life in your 16 bathroom Montecito mansion. But you just know that actually he's yearning to find a reason to be back in the United Kingdom, Meghan. And one of the issues is that he is now so ostracized from every single friendship group that had nothing to do with Meghan Markle. And she is a manipulative person. So while I don't, you know, I'm not one of these people who says, oh, woe is me, poor Harry, because actually he allowed himself to be manipulated.


But what she has done is taken away any of the people who he could have trusted to confide in at a time like this. It's Really true. Relatives, his school friends, his army mates hits the old courtier. It's like what they say, you know, like coercive control. When if this were a man doing it to a woman, we'd see it very clearly where yes, if you have an abusive husband, suddenly the wife is detached from all of her family and is sending emails saying, I don't wanna see you anymore. Don't bother me. And then also detached from all of her friends, and he isolates her to the point where he can control her. I mean, really just look at the reverse. Like that's what she effectively got him to do to alienate his entire family.


It's definitely a degree of all his friends. Yeah. And then just to add one other point to it, you watch her and you watch him. I mean, I didn't really know this until this whole past few years. He's not smart. This is not a smart young man. And she is smart. She is very smart, and she's cunning. And the more I've seen of her, the more I've seen of him, I feel like it was shooting fish in a barrel for her. Oh my God. He stood no chance when this woman put her designs on him. She had him from the word hello. Well, Megan, you obviously revealed that to the world, didn't you? With the fact that she had the mood board that the mood board with Prince Harry on. Yeah. And we know that she was so desperate to snare Harry.


And yes, remember it was Princess Diana who described Harry as not been a particularly smart guy. And so this is the problem. He likes to think he is, but actually he doesn't really have the intellectual capability to deal with all of this. And he was very well protected in the royal family for a long time. He had a load of good people around him who made sure that he got through these scrapes, and all of a sudden he doesn't. He's totally ostracized, totally isolated, totally on his own, his only friends. Now, Meghan are the joint friends, the showbiz friends who Meghan Markle controls. So I'm not disagreeing with the fact, I absolutely believe there is a degree of coercive control.


There is a degree of emotional abuse. And what is particularly shocking at the moment, and if you just juxtapose how she looks in these interviews, like the cat, who's got the cream, you know, my confession, my confession is that I'm the happiest I've ever been. I'm the happiest I've ever been. Life is so good, cut to Harry on the B, B, C, totally devastated. And there was actually an amazing moment, you know, when he turned up at the time, 100, it wasn't the party that you write, Meghan, you know, the Summit. The summit during the day. And he was her bag carrier, right? He was her bag carrier. She had forced him to attend with her as her bag carrier, yet she didn't go with him to the Legends of Aviation event that he was at the next night because it's one way traffic in their relationship.


But there's a key moment when he leaves the car and she walks in front of him, almost pushes him out the way, goes to shake the hand of the person who was coming to greet them. Now, if you were following Royal Protocol, which is obviously the protocol that Harry followed for his entire life as the blood royal, he would be the person who got to shape the hand first. Now I understand as Americans, you can say that it's all stupid and everything, and in lots of ways it is. But that was the life that Harry was brought up in. And you just see his face, the color drained from his face. And it's like this moment of realization, I'm now the spare to Meghan Markle.


Like, Oh my God, you're right. I was so worried About being the spare to Prince Harry. To Prince William, but now I'm the spare to my own wife. I had never considered that. But you are a hundred percent right. That's exactly what he's done. It still the bad. It's like he needed to repeat the same pathology somehow. Yeah. And she is meanwhile trying to have her cake and eat it too, because she's putting out this perfectly curated life on her stupid Netflix special, you know, with her, oh, you know, I just had like, just the perfect bath salts and just the perfect tea and just the perfect pretzel. And you know, the, the, the fruit spread that takes eight hours to prepare.


That's just what I do before school. It's kind of mom. I am. Then she meanders over to this podcast of this woman who created it cosmetics, Jamie Kern Lima. And I knew there was something weird about this woman. I interviewed her, Dan, when I was at NBC about creating it cosmetics. And she did have the height. I can't even do it. My voice is too low. But she had the high squeaky voice a little, but she's really leaning in now in her podcast with Megan, and she's got next Octa up, and the two of them have the weirdest dynamic. And so in this podcast, Megan does her perfectly curated life thing, but she's allegedly wearing no makeup.


Meanwhile, she's got like the perfect blowout, you know? And like she's completely camera ready, except she didn't put eye makeup on. And she also is pretending like she, she's crying. And we did a zero in like, we zoomed in just to see there isn't a tear in sight. Dan, look, look at this. I invite the viewers to take a closeup look at this. Where's the tear? There's nothing there. Look, she just, it's an actor's trick. She just keeps wiping and wiping and wiping. So we think she has a heart. Oh my God, Megan, she has this really famous thing where she says, one tap left eye and she can make herself cry on demand.


And it's a really good thing to have as an actress, but you are completely right there, there were no tears there. And this podcast with Jamie Kern Lima was absolutely car crash. I mean, Jamie Kern Lima is actually a very successful woman, self-made billionaire. However, she is a fame war because, you know, she first found yes, by appearing on the first series of Big Brother in the United States. Yes. But she had that totally scrubbed from the internet because now she believes that she's the new Oprah Winfrey. Yes. And the problem is you realize these are the types of people Meghan Markle is surrounding herself with, and none of them are prepared to ever give her a dose of reality.


Like, God, like I thought my sins listened to the new episode today of confessions of a female founder. You know, she calls everyone fuck female founders. So I know you find that very, very ridiculous. I do. I, and it's with this British woman called Hannah Mendoza, who actually created a brand called Clever Blends, and Meghan invested in her company, but the podcast is meant to be Hannah Mendoza's story, right? But Meghan spends the entire time talking about what it was like for her to invest in this woman Hannah Mendoza. That's all She does. She only has on people who she gave money to. So they can say how amazing she is. Yeah. It's like she's her boss. So, so, so like Meghan is Hannah Mendoza's boss, effectively.


So clearly she's keeping to the script. But there's this really awful moment where Meghan turns into the mean girl that we know she all is. And she mocks Hannah Mendoza, who's a bit of an earth mother type for turning up to this interview, this first interview when she gave her money in Birkenstocks, and they sat in jumpsuit. And it's like Meghan's laughing at her about it. It's very, very bizarre. And unfortunately, Meghan is now, well, maybe it's fortunate for us because Meghan is now the executive producer of all, of all of all of these works. So we see the real her. It's like an, oh my God, you made me laugh so much with Maureen, this thing, which is absolutely fantastic.


You know, the moment with Mindy Carleen when, like Mindy Carleen is clearly terrified of Meghan Markle, right? Clearly. And the thing it's simmering. And so this is the thing, Meghan Markle is only now surrounded by people who will tell her what she wants to hear. And so again, the, the, the level of delusion is off the scale. But just remember Jamie Krn Lima sits down with Meghan Markle for 90 minutes, 90 minutes, talks about what a wonderful businesswoman she is. What a wonderful friend she is. Not one question, Megan, about what what about these, these bullying allegations, right? Surely there now must be something in it.


The fact that your staff in Hollywood are, are, are also questioning this at the very least. I mean, I know she's her friend, and I know it's a different type of format, but at the very least, she could have said, look, w were they just lies? Were were they people who were coming for you unfairly? But remember, we now live in this sort of jewel world, don't we? Where there is the truth, and there is what celebrities can put out to be the truth by their chosen platforms. And obviously there are great things about that in the independent space, because we can also immediately analyze, and that's what we do. And point out, this is not true, this is not true, this is not true. But I do just want to remind people, Meghan, for all of the times that Meghan Markle says that she's happy in her relationship with Prince Harry.


And there's this moment where Jamie Kern Lema says, will you stay with Prince Harry forever? Will you be married to him forever? And her voice goes up to octaves. And she says yes, because she's lying. Because Meghan, and this is something I'd reported for years, I think we spoke about it, but she is shopping the post divorce book to publishers already. And if people thought that was some type of conspiracy, the, though I always believe conspiracy theories come true these days, vanity Fair confirmed that in their big co profile, Wait, that she, that she's shopping her post divorce memoir. Yes. What? Yes, a hundred percent. A hundred percent. And in the Jamie Krn lema interview, she asks, will you write another book?


She doesn't say, will you write a memoir? She says, will you write another book? And Meghan says, A lot of people ask if I wanna write my memoir, but I haven't lived enough life yet. And what is going on there is that Meghan doesn't want to have to write a book now, which would obviously include loads and loads of positive stuff about Prince Harry because she is preparing for the big payday, which she knows will be a massive payout to keep her going for years and years. I mean, Harry, remember got well over 20 million for his three book deal. And that is what she is proposing to do. And as I say, this is something I had reported for years and years and years.


But Vanity Fair included it in their recent profile of Meghan Markle. Katie Nichol, who is the royal correspondent for Vanity Fair, is very clear that they weren't coming into the profile. The editor of Vanity Fair didn't have some type of agenda. Remember they'd previously put Meghan Markle on that famous cover, wild about Harry. There was No agenda going into this profile. What they discovered was pretty horrifying. So Harry has been warned, it's like, mate, get out. Seriously, vanity Fair is reporting that your wife is shopping to publishes a post divorce book where she's going to throw you under the bus, get out serious.


Wait, wait. Why would she be doing that? Because that, that would really show, you know, the, the crack in the facade. I like, I have trouble believing that because she right now wants to maintain the facade and wants us all to believe that it's perfect in Montecito, you know, welcome in Montecito time where we have champagne with fruit dollops inside of it at all hours of the day. But anyway, why, so why would she risk that news coming out by actively shopping? You know, it doesn't make sense to me. Well, she's a deeply manipulative woman, number one. And what she always has is a number of business contacts who are working on her behalf and just sizing up the potential future scene.


And certainly there have been real bumps in the road when it comes to the marriage over the past couple of years. And remember, there was also a time when it didn't necessarily look as if Netflix was going to stand by her. They already lost the Spotify deal where she was described as effing grifters, and Yeah, totally. I mean, this is the problem, Meghan. Sometimes these things that I end up reporting about Meghan Markle, they do sound too crazy to be true. Yes. And So there was that moment when it appeared within the Vanity Fair profile. I was absolutely delighted because I was like, okay, this is good. You know, like it's not that I, I'm not the only one Something in the mainstream media necessarily, but I'm like, no, this is good, because they did not come into this with an agenda.


I think it's absolutely fair to say, now that I do have an agenda where I'm not pro Harry and Meghan, you know, they totally tried to ruin my life and destroy me because I revealed the truth about their exit from the royal family. And that's something we've gone into previously. We don't have to do it again today, but I think it's absolutely fair to say, you know, I'm not a fan of these two, right? But Vanity Fair, they went in with a completely clean slate just to find out what the state of their relationship was like. Now, in fairness, vanity Fair also reported that for the moment the marriage is on track and are still very physically attracted to each other. I think that is something that doesn't quite tell the full story, which is that Harry knows that this marriage is all he has.


And he also knows that if the marriage were to end while the children were still young because of the way the law works in California is he would not be able to take those children back to California. So of course he is going to try and make the marriage work, but the idea that this Back to the UK is sort of happy Union. Yeah. Back to the uk, sorry. But the idea that this is some sort of happy union is, is for the birds. He's a very troubled guy. He's a very troubled soul. People are very worried about him. But the problem is the idea that his brother is going to run in and save him this time is just unfortunately not gonna happen. Not true. Okay. Two things here indeed is the piece from the Vanity Fair cover story from February, 2025 inside Prince Harry and Meghan Mark's big business ambitions.


Five years after the Royal Exit quote. A few years ago, a rumor began circulating around the book world about another perspective project from Meghan. This story, which a person with knowledge confirms the broad details of, was that Meghan's team had a conversation with a publishing house to gauge interest in the idea for a potential book. The concept for which there was no written or formal proposal was post-divorce, not a general book on life after marital dissolution, or one about Meghan's past experience. This book, this notion of a book really might center on a post hairy divorce. Not that there was actually one in the works, just if this, if this a, a priority divorce ever came to be, would this publisher theoretically be interested in a book that took place in its aftermath?


Unbelievable. I totally missed this. Another source with knowledge says if that's true to any degree, she would've been approached and not vice versa. No offer was ever made and no manuscript was produced after all, there was no divorce. But that doesn't mean, yeah, they didn't shop the interest on what exactly, you know, there would be in a book. Absolutely true. And actually, vanity Fair sums up pretty well how it works. You know, it's like, would you be interested in this? Maybe, but you know, Megan screwed it all up now anyway, because she had re Emmanuel at WME trying to save her career, and he got so frustrated because she was not listening to his advice. So, so this is the problem, you know, It's a long, long line of disappointed Meghan Markle helpers, fans, friends, staff, et cetera here.


So contrast all of that with the way she talks about h and their relationship here. Is it, is it, is it 46 or 47? Lauren, you choose. Go for it. Four, seven. Are you in love now more than ever. More than you've ever been? Yeah. I mean, you have to imagine at the beginning everyone is like butterflies and, and then we immediately went into the trenches together. Yeah. Right out of the gate, like six months into dating. So now, seven years later, when you have a little bit of breathing space, you can just enjoy each other in a new way.


And that's why I feel like it's more of a honeymoon period for us now. Mm. Yeah. Oh, do you think you'll be married forever? Yes. I have a letter. He's also a fox, if you haven't noticed. My husband's very, very handsome that he's alright. His heart is even more beautiful. I love that your eyes are sparkling right now. Oh, Oh my God, Dan, I threw up in my mouth. Yes. Yes. Dan, when you do interviews on your show, do you do the, the Jamie Kern Lima reactions? Hmm. Yes. Oh my God, there's wrong with her. What? Wow. Who communicates like that? She's, that she's the only thing saving Meghan Markle because between the two, she's even weirder.


But Meghan Markle, this, this is a tell, okay? This is a tell. It's the same way on Valentine's Day. You see people post like, my rock, my life, my life partner, the person who saved me, guaranteed that guy is cheating on her. And she knows it. Like nobody does those over the like crazy, right? It's like maybe here or there, but like, this is how she always tries to sound in talking like, and he's off Fox. Like, there's something wrong that seems obvious. Oh, totally. I mean, there was nothing at all genuine about her response to Prince Harry. Then she's someone who very much reacts to what's in the media.


I mean, that was another big lie from the interview. She claimed she didn't look at the media or social media, but everything she does, everything she posts is in direct reaction. So for example, even the new birthday poach post with Archie in his pajamas, which is all a bit odd, makes the point that we held the birthday party a week ago. And that's because people like me are saying, what the hell Prince Harry is going to Vegas on the day of his son's birthday? What's that about? But I did just wanna pick up on one thing that she said in that interview, in that clip that we just saw, because I think it is the thing that has really shocked royal sources. Did you hear her say that when she was first with Harry and she's talking about her time in the royal family?


We were in the trenches. Yes. Now remember, we had just celebrated the 80th anniversary of V Day in the United Kingdom. Now in the trenches, that's obviously not referring to World War ii, it's referring to World War I. And when you think about what those soldiers went through, my great-grandfather was in the trenches in World War I, he did survive, but his life was ruined, Meghan, because they were gassed, they lived in the most unimaginable conditions. And the fact that this woman is so narcissistic that she can genuinely compare living in Kensington Palace, right?


Then moving to Winsor Castle after a multimillion dollar renovation to being in the trenches, I'm sorry, you are a sick human being. Like there's, there's, there's no way you can be helped because it's the opposite of what someone who cares about public service or what someone who wants to be royal should do. And I just compare and contrast with the members of the royal family who we've seen over the past couple of days be with these veterans of World War ii. Because knowing full well they're not gonna be there, Meghan, for the next big celebration of V Day. Yeah. 10 years, because all of these veterans are now in their late nineties or early one hundreds, and we saw Prince George and King Charles and Prince.


I saw that Catherine, yeah. Prince William brought Prince George. And Prince George was asking situationally appropriate questions of the veterans. Like they were thoughtful and sensitive. They, they, they were wise not to bring Prince Louis, but, but the right, the next in line after Prince William was so, so appropriate and thoughtful and caring. They look great as they always do. They seem like genuinely good people. And she looks like the narcissist that she obviously is. Yeah. And it's, don't you think it's odd? I mean, Meghan, I know you are very careful with, with your children, but don't you think it's odd that, that Meghan Markle talks this big game and Prince Harry talks this big game about the evils of social media and then Nav decided to post Prince Archie in his pajamas?


I mean, to me, that's really weird. It's, it's a really, yeah, she odd decision. She's, she really needs to make a decision. It's like she wants, she loves being the mother of a prince and a princess. Like she loves that so much. And she knows that people in the UK especially would love to see them, you know, they have a connection to the royal family. They don't like her, but I don't think anybody would hold it against her children. They'd like to see the lineage, and they're technically, I guess in the line of succession if many, many bad things would happen. But so she just teases them, you know, it's like, here's just the back of his head, even though she's making public figures outta them because she talks about them all the time, and Harry uses them, my, my father's grandchildren as a cudgel.


So they're happy to use these children at every turn, whether it's to make money or to make threats. But just to tease, you know, because what, I guess we can't see their face unless it's on Netflix, in which case it's fine because they do put out pictures of them every so once in a while. I mean, it's really bizarre. They've shown their faces before. So, so yeah. Yeah, Exactly. Really Bizarre. And this is actually going to end up becoming a political issue in the United Kingdom, because there is now overwhelming public support for Prince Harry and Meghan Markle to be stripped of their HRH titles. And there are also serious question marks about how on earth can Prince Archie and Princess Libba remain in the line of succession?


They are there. Now remember the late Queen Elizabeth ii, she used to hate Prince William riding around with his family in helicopters because he'd do it, he'd go to, he'd go to one of the, because you know, he was a pilot and he loved it. So he'd go to one of the castles and he would pick up all three children and Catherine in a helicopter, or they would fly together on the same plane. The late Queen Elizabeth II was infuriated by it for good reason, Meghan, because actually we are only one tragic accident away from the end of the monarchy, because the British public simply would not accept King Harry and no Queen Meghan.


But that is where we, that is, you know, when Prince William takes this, and look, I'm a big fan of Prince William, right? I, I, I, on the whole think he's doing a really good job. He is highly irresponsible, allowing his entire family to continue traveling on the same plane because King Harry. 'cause because remember, once William is on the throne and before George has children, you know, it is, it's, it's William George, Charlotte Louie, then Prince Harry. So the whole idea and why the late Queen Elizabeth II would never be on a plane with Charles is to protect the line of succession.


Now, there are loads of other reasons why Louie, sorry, why Archie and Lily B should not be in the line of succession. Obviously we love our American cousins, but you've got to admit, it is pretty weird there being a potential future queen of England who has this hugely American accent. If you were to believe Meghan's very odd Instagram videos, which I'm not sure I do, but, but if you do believe that is Lily bat's real voice. She has a broad American accent. She has a father who says that he's, she's never going to be able to come to the country at all, and she hasn't met her grandfather, the king. Why on earth should that person be in the line of succession?


So this is potentially going to become a political hot potato politicians in the United Kingdom have avoided talking about this for some time. But for example, Nigel Farra, just yesterday at the VE Day celebrations, and you'll know Meghan, he is now the bookie's favorite to be the next Prime Minister of the United Kingdom. And he was highly critical of Prince Harry and that interview. So I think increasingly there is going to be more pressure put on the King to do something about this. The problem is there has to be an act of Parliament to actually remove the titles from Harry Wow. And to remove Harry and the children from the line of succession. Wow. It would have to go to Parliament.


Well, what about the use of HRH? Because we saw in her interview with this Jamie Kern Lima that they were celebrating what, what a thoughtful person Megan was, that she had sent this Jamie a gift basket. And we saw in the picture of it, she, her stationary, it says her Royal Highness, the Duchess of Sussex, and it's got a little crown insignia on it. Like She Loves being a royal, she just doesn't wanna do any of the work. I mean, this is disgusting, right? This is truly disgusting because the San Genum summit was an agreement with Queen Elizabeth ii.


So you would think if nothing else, given all of their public posturing over how brilliant the late Queen was, you would think Harry and Meghan would respect that agreement, right? And that agreement was very clear what the late Queen wanted to avoid was that situation. Do you remember before Diana died, after her divorce, she was stripped of her HRH title and she lost her security. And after Diana's death, there was a massive backlash. It was the closest that the late Queen had come to ever losing the support of the public, because it all just felt a bit cruel, right? Why did Diana have to use lose her HRH title when she was still the mother of a future king?


And so in this case, the late queen thought, well, maybe we can do this differently. We won't strip Harry and Meghan of HRH, but we will have a hard and fast agreement where they will just never use the titles, they'll never use them. And it wasn't just that they would not use them for commercial purposes. The agreement, and I've gone back, it's still on the Buckingham Palace website, was that they would never use the titles at all Now. Yeah. Because that's what they're claiming. Oh, no, the agreement was that we wouldn't use them professionally. Yeah, that's, but this was a personal gift. A lie. That's a lie. It's a lie. Okay. Did the agreement that they would never use the titles at all. Also though, Megan, don't, you have to be a really messed up individual to send your mate, by the way, she literally just sent a few punnets of ice cream, right?


I mean, nice thought I'd appreciate you sending me some punts of ice cream. Very nice. But, but how weird to send a few pallets of ice cream and sign it off HRHI mean, Oh my God, She's a messed up human being. You've gotta admit, I'm, I'm gonna send you ice cream and I'm gonna sign it the time, one hundreds, Megan Kelly, doc, Dr. Megan Kelly, thanks to my Juris doctor. That's just, that's just how I sign my things. I just wanna make sure my titles are all, you know, properly accounted. It's, it's With a crowd on Me, self-aggrandizing. But at the same time, if, if anything they've said about the royal family is true, anything, you wouldn't want those titles, you wouldn't want the link. The people who didn't care that I was suicidal, wanted to kill myself and basically wanted me to do it.


The people who tried to have my husband killed, who my husband is now saying would like history to repeat itself so that we could die. The people who were too racist to love my baby and really concerned about how dark his skin was gonna be. And I used a huge platform with Oprah Winfrey to tell the world about how the people who live in the country that I think is racist because of Brexit, those are the people to whom I am HRH, Duchess of Su. Like you'd want nothing to do with these titles. Totally. And this is the problem. And I think William has always been very conscious of this, because you know William's a little bit woke, right? He's a little bit woke. He's into some of those woke thing. And he knows that you can only ever go so far down that path because if you really start turning into an activist when you're a member of the royal family, what you are basically suggesting is that the whole organization has to go.


And that also means you lose your whole fortune. And Harry, for example, has opened up the conversation of slavery reparations. Okay, then Harry, you give your fortune away because you are currently living off Princess Diana's money and the Queen mother's money fundamentally, right? And lots of money that your dad's given you over the years. So just be very careful what you wish for. But the fact that Meghan continues to use the Crown and continues to use the HRH title is truly nuts. I mean, it does not add up, apart from to say this is a deeply troubled, narcissistic person who is manipulative and isn't particularly well, and she has no sense of what she could do to actually win the public over again.


Right. And I think we saw that throughout the show as well, because it's like, this is a great opportunity. You know, Ted Sarandos, the co-chief executive of Netflix, has decided to stand by Meghan. Now, that is a really odd decision. I have my own suspicions about this, Meghan, because Meghan Markle has befriended Ted Sarandos wife. She, they are in a mixed race relationship. So, so there is some type of suggestion that Meghan was a little bit manipulative in terms of how she wormed her way into the personal life of Ted Sarandos, because there's lots of other people at Netflix who look at Ted Sarandos and like, what are you doing?


Like, right. These shows aren't even a success. Why are you How to put pretzels in a bag? Yeah. Yeah. Like, and, and you are, you are selling jam, which is not gonna make you a lot of money, right? Even if you sell multiple, multiple, multiple jars of jam, that's not a big money maker for Netflix. So there's a suggestion that it's this personal relationship that Meghan has managed to sort out with Ted Sarandos via his wife. You know, they went to the Beyonce concert together at all. It's, it's sort of how Meghan plays things, that that's the reason Netflix is standing by her. But without Netflix now, there, there, there really is nothing.


And that is obviously a huge issue. Authenticity is everything, as you well know, in this new world of independent media and her podcast, Megan has dropped out of the top 100 within weeks, despite being It's irrelevant, Most publicized podcast in the world. It's completely irrelevant. And listen, she's irrelevant too. The only reason we talk about her is because they continue to create this drama around the royal family, about which we do care. Some of us in America really love following the royals and think they're fun and exciting. And it's not that we wanna be ruled by them, but I love following the royal family. They, it's, they're just fun. And the history's interesting and they're beautiful. And I, it's just sort of like an escape of sorts.


So yeah. She, and We're still so proud of our royal family, and that's a big thing, you know, given the divisive nature of politics today. And I think we can all agree, agree, sorry, that politics has never been more divided. Don't you think it's pretty incredible that in the United Kingdom, such an overwhelming majority of the country still supports the idea of this monarchy? It means a lot to us. Yes. And that Tradition and history, Totally. There all sorts of reasons, because It's not political. Do you know what I mean? That's why at some point Yeah. It's not political. And it's like you came in, you stole the Prince who actually was in our hearts because we saw him walk past, walk behind Diana's coffin as a young boy.


And actually his popularity rating at one point was higher than the Queen. Like, we loved this boy, you came in, you turned him into a woke Muppet, and then you try to trash our royal family. So there, there is, you know, she is gonna go down in history, but for all the wrong reasons, exactly the same reason that Wallacea Simpson went down in history Yeah. For destroying another senior member of the Royal family. I Know these American women, they don't have great track record when they start to date the English princes and kings. It's, I'm, I'm sorry. And, but you know what? We are paying more than our fair share of the penance having these two stuck over here. And I have to say, I think this is probably another thing that Harry doesn't like about living in California is Sure.


You know, I'm sure when people first meet him, they're like, oh, Harry, cool. But Americans are used to big celebrities, especially in California, and they're not gonna treat him the way the average Brit would if one of the princes of England came in. You know, it's just different here. We don't really love royalty. And I'm sure he misses the cachet that comes with being Prince Harry and part of the royal family as you walk around Great Britain. It's not the same in Montecito. And by the way, there are people who are far richer and more famous Yes. Than those two all over, especially that state. And I'm sure he doesn't love that. Well, no, and look at Taylor Swift, who you would argue is probably the biggest celebrity I in the world today, despite her botched endorsement of Kamala Harris, she had a very clear choice.


And she chose William because Taylor Swift doesn't need to be friends with just another Oh, yeah, Yeah. Can you explain that again? What I, this I, I vaguely recall this, but I don't remember the specifics. So, so, so there was a moment when Taylor Swift had to make a very clear choice between Harry and Meghan and William. And so Meghan approached her, do you remember when she was launching the Archetypes podcast? That was her first podcast? Yes. And this is when not everyone had really turned, and Meghan actually wrote her a handwritten note, and her calligraphy really begging plead her to, to be on the podcast. Right. And this was at a time when she was getting some decent names on the podcast.


But Taylor Swift made a very clear decision that she had built up this relationship with Prince William, and she stayed loyal to William. And quite recently, in the midst of William's cancer battle, sorry, with Catherine's cancer battle, William took George and Charlotte to Taylor Swift concert. They POed with selfies backstage. Taylor wants nothing to do with Meghan Markle. And it's because people have had to make a choice. And even, this is the most interesting one to me, not a celebrity, but an awful woke politician. I actually think this woman is evil by, by the way, don't get me started on her Jacinda Arder, the former prime minister of New Zealand, my, the country of, of my birth, who locked me outta the country of my birth for three years over Covid.


But Jacinda Arder, who Harry and Meghan had desperately tried to cover and formed a close relationship with, she also chose William over Meghan and Harry because as you say, people are always going to, you know, people who are either celebrities or, or, or po or senior politicians are always going to go for real royalty rather than fake royalty. That comes with all of these other risks, which are like Beyonce, for example, who at one point was very supportive of Meghan Furious that Meghan, I don't know if you remember in the Netflix series, read out the text message. Yes. Really worthy. Oh, really?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. And, and so Beyonce has turned down all of the offers to appear with Meghan or be on I any of her shows. So I think they are really, really struggling. I mean, some rapper called Megan the Stallion, who, I have to say I have never heard Meghan, but apparently she's a big, big, big deal. Even she Bird, she turned out, but she turned out being, being on Meghan's podcast because I think celebrities now actually know that there's no cachet to being linked with Meghan Markle. In fact, it's probably only going to drag you down. And whereas exactly. Whereas Being connected to William, you know, the future king and pictured with Catherine and having them at your concert or going to an event with them, that actually means something.


So all of the A-listers, and there's a lot of them. I mean, lady Gaga is another one. They have all chosen to keep their loyalty actually with the real royalty. And I think even Oprah Winfrey is regressing her decision now to align closely with Megan, please, I hope they don't forgive her. I really hope William and Catherine remember what she did. They will again, when their grandfather was dying, she was terrible. And that was more terrible acting. Almost as bad as Meghan's fake tears were the Oprah Winfrey. What, what, What? And it was a plaque. It was awful. It was all, anyway, it's so fun to cover them because they're just ridiculous people and they're so easy to see through.


So we have to do it. When they give us these, this fodder, we have to go with it. When they give us the ingredients, we bake the cake. And nobody does it like you, Dan Wooden, it's a pleasure. And you gotta check him out. Check out his podcast. It's Dan Wooden, outspoken. He's on his own now and he is outspoken and can be in a way that he never could when controlled by corporate media. And we support it. So good for Dan. Check 'em out wherever you get your podcasts for free. We'll see you next time. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


If you haven't heard about Riverbend Ranch, listen up. They have just introduced their Riverbed Ranch stakes to the marketplace, and you need to try them. Riverbend Ranch raises their own beef on beautiful mountain meadows, only a few miles from West Yellowstone. Unlike most ranches, Riverbend Ranch never uses growth hormones or antibiotics. They treat their animals humanely and with respect. There are advantages of buying directly from the ranch. They can track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. Riverbend Ranch has its own state-of-the-art processing facility on the ranch that has received several national awards as one of the best in the us, but most importantly is the quality of the beef. They age their beef to perfection for 21 days. You simply cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store. You cannot shipped directly from the ranch to your home. You get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from Riverbend Ranch dot com and use promo code Megan to get $20 off your first order. That's Riverbend Ranch dot com code, Megan. And be prepared once you taste it. I think you're gonna be coming back for more and more. Again, Riverbend Ranch dot com code. Megan,


Hey, this is Jeff Lewis from Radio Andy Live and Uncensored catch me talking with my friends about my latest obsessions, relationship issues and bodily ailments. With that kind of drama that seems to follow me, you never know what's going to happen. You can listen to Jeff Lewis live at home or anywhere you are. Download the SiriusXM app for over 425 channels of ad free music, sports, entertainment, and more. Subscribe now and get three months free. Offer details apply.


Comcast business is offering a $1,000 small business bonus when you switch to a qualifying gig speed package from the company with over 99.99% network reliability, Comcast business powering possibilities in 6 22 25. New customers only with two year agreements. Other restrictions apply.