
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, May 20th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. I don't know how they will be able to give all of this information from diagnosis to treatment to all of that within one week. The the story doesn't make any sense. Top medical experts casting doubt on the timeline of President Biden's cancer diagnosis. It's a great initiative for new parents, new mothers who want to set up the savings account for their children. Our MAGA Baby Bank Accounts on the way week two of the Sean Diddy Combs criminal trial kicks off with more details surrounding the Intercontinental Hotel incident caught on security camera and FBI heads Cash Patel and Dan Bonino weigh in on Jeffrey Epstein's cause of death.


All that and more. Coming up in just a moment on your AM Update,


I wanna tell you about Patriot Mobile. They support Americans who believe that faith, family, and freedom are worth fighting for. But did you know that they have got cutting edge technology too? Switching is easy. No store visits, no hassle. Keep your number, keep your phone if you want, or you can upgrade their 100%. US-based team can activate your phone in minutes right over the phone. Patriot Mobile is one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks, and that means exceptional nationwide coverage. Plus they can even put a second number on a different network on one phone. It's like carrying two phones in one. They have unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming, internet on the Go devices and more. You can't get all this from those big guys. So consider making the switch today and experience the Patriot Mobile difference. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash Megan or just call 9 7 2 PATRIOT and use the promo code. Megan, for a free month service. Switch to Patriot Mobile and defend Freedom. With every call and text you make Patriot Mobile dot com slash M Megyn or just call 9 7 2 PATRIOT.


New question swirling following President Joe Biden's cancer diagnosis and what it may reveal about his health while in office, the 82-year-old former president diagnosed with advanced prostate cancer that has metastasized to the bone, the severity and late stage nature of the disease has stunned many with medical experts pointing out that this type of cancer typically takes years to develop. On Sunday night urologist Dr. David Schusterman on News Nation casting doubt on the idea that this diagnosis came out of nowhere. Well, most likely he had prostate cancer for a long time and the aggressive prostate cancers such as this at age 80 grows over a a long period of time.


I mean, usually it takes from the first diagnosis of prostate cancer to the to spread would take five to 10 years e even in the most aggressive form. It's just, just, to me it seems very surprising that it would, the first diagnosis would be a metastatic diagnosis. There's definitely evidence that he probably knew about this for a while. Dr. Zeke Emanuel, a respected oncologist and one of the authors of Obamacare going further on Morning Joe, very Few people get diagnosed this advanced, about 7% of all prostate cancer in the country gets diagnosed when you have a lesion that's in the bone.


He did not develop it in the last a hundred, 200 days. He had it while he was president. He probably had it at the start of his presidency in 2021. Mr. Biden's personnel office claims the cancer was only discovered last week after doctors found a prostate nodule. They also claim in a statement that the cancer appears to be hormone sensitive, which allows for effective management end quote Dr. David Samati, a leading prostate cancer surgeon telling the me Kelly show on Monday. That timeline does not add up. So you're saying that jumped out at you. The fact that they're stating in their statement, they say the cancer appears to be hormone sensitive, which allows for effective management.


You're saying how would they know that this soon? Right, exactly. So if he was just a week ago, they had the prostate nodule within a week they did the biopsy and they got the disease. So very quickly within all one week, based on the story that they're telling, they've been able to do the staging part and find out if the cancer is spread to the bone or not. But you have to give the injections and see if the patient responds. We don't know what his PSA is. If the PSA starts to go down, then that's when you know that he's hormonal sensitive. I don't know how they'll be able to give all of this information from diagnosis to treatment to all of that within one week. The, the story doesn't make any sense.


All of this comes as a new book hits shelves today. Original Sin co-authored by Axios reporter Alex Thompson and CNN's Jake Tapper, who will be on the Meghan Kelly show later today. The book details efforts inside the Biden White House to conceal the president's cognitive decline while in office. Those efforts included threatening or retaliating against reporters who dared to question the president's mental fitness. No sooner did the news of cancer break on Sunday than some began arguing. Questions about Mr. Biden's mental acuity should again now be set aside Democratic strategist David Axelrod for one Republican Megan McCain. Two calling for discussions around Biden's health coverup and related books to stop to give peace to the Biden family House minority leader Hakeem Jeffries.


Also using the diagnosis to discourage further discussion of Mr. Biden's decline and of its coverup. It seems to me entirely inappropriate that at this moment in time when President Biden is dealing with a serious and aggressive form of cancer, there are Republicans who are peddling conspiracy theories and want us to look backward. And Republicans wanna fan the flames of conspiracy theories at this moment. No, thank you. The MK show takes a very, very different view. There is good reason to distrust Mr. Biden when it comes to disclosures about his health and wellbeing. There is now a clear possibility that he had terminal cancer while president and was seeking a second term.


That story Must be investigated and President Trump thinks so too from the White House on Monday. I think it's very sad actually. I'm surprised that it wasn't, you know, the public wasn't notified a long time ago because to get to stage nine, that's a long time. This is no longer politically correct. This is dangerous for our country. Why did it take so long? I mean, when you, this, this takes a long time, can take years to get to this level of danger. So it's a, it's a look. It's a very, very sad situation. I feel very badly about it. I think people should try and find out what happened because I'll tell you the Walter, I don't know if it had anything to do with the hospital. Walter Reed is really good.


They're some of the best doctors I've ever seen. I don't even know if they were involved, but a doctor was involved in each case. Maybe it was the same doctor and somebody is not telling the facts. That's a big, that's a big problem Coming up. Trump's tax plan for babies. MAGA baby savings accounts officially part of the GOP's sweeping new tax proposal. More witnesses providing insight into the dark world of Sean Diddy Combs in week two of the rapper's criminal trial. Plus, what do top FBI officials really think about Epstein's death? Cash Patel and Dan Bonino speak out As President Trump is settling into his new administration.


One of the top Democrats in Congress aiming to undermine the Trump agenda is Democrat Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois.


And according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition, Senator Durbin has a new plan, a government takeover of your credit card. Today, Americans have thousands of choices in credit cards, but they say Senator Durbin's plan will result in less competition and less security, which means more risk for your credit and your identity. You can learn more for yourself@guardyourcard.org, and you could consider telling your senators to stop Dick Durbin's government takeover of your credit card before it's too late.


On Monday, press Secretary Caroline Levitt confirming MAGA baby savings accounts will be included as a provision in the so-called big beautiful tax bill, which cleared the House Budget Committee late Sunday night, the GOP's tax bill creating a new type of savings account for children and launching a pilot program for newborns. According to a review of the bill released by the House Ways and Means committee money accounts for growth and advancement or MAGA accounts will be available to parents of any US citizen child under the age of eight years old. As long as one parent holds a valid social security number under a pilot program for newborns, the federal government will contribute up to $1,000 to MAGA accounts for any US citizen born between January, 2025 and 2028.


Under this program, both parents must have a valid social security number. This is a very pro-family piece of legislation. Not only does it increase the child tax credit, but it also includes MAGA baby savings accounts. Essentially it's a 401k for a newborn baby in child's relatives. Their parents can contribute up to $5,000 per per year of after tax dollars annually to that account, and then later in the baby's life at age 25 savings account holders can withdraw up to the full balance of the account. Upon reaching 30, the account holders can access the full balance of the account for any purpose desired. So it's a great initiative for new parents, new mothers who want to set up the savings account for their children.


Variations of baby savings accounts proposed by lawmakers across the political spectrum. Hillary Clinton once floated a version of the idea during her 2007 campaign for the Democratic presidential nomination, New Jersey Senator Cory Booker proposed baby bonds as part of his 2020 presidential platform. Speaker Mike Johnson racing to pass the GOP's one big beautiful bill before Memorial Day. The bill cleared the budget committee Sunday night by a single vote with four Republicans voting present to keep negotiations alive. Fiscal hawks want deeper spending cuts to offset Trump backed tax breaks, like eliminating taxes on tips and overtime. A full house vote expected this week if it passes the bill heads over to the Senate under the reconciliation process, meaning Republicans can bypass a filibuster passing it with a simple majority if they get one.


Week two of the Sean Diddy Combs criminal trial underway in New York. Dawn Richard, former member of Music Group, Danity Kane formed by Mr. Combs, continuing her testimony on Monday describing frequent violence against Star witness Cassie Ventura saying he would punch her, choke her, drag her, slap her in the mouth. I saw him kick her, punch her in the stomach. Ms. Richard Telling prosecutors some members of Mr. Combs security staff also witnessed violence against Ms. Ventura but did nothing about it. The witness telling prosecutors she attempted to persuade Ms. Ventura to leave Mr. Combs, but eventually I made a decision that it would be best for the safety of myself to not interfere because I don't think she was really ready to do anything.


Ms. Richard currently has a separate civil complaint pending against Mr. Combs former friend to Ms. Ventura. Carrie Morgan also called on Monday to testify Ms. Morgan testifying that she and Ms. Ms. Ventura were best friends from 2001 to 2018, but the friendship ended when Mr. Combs assaulted Ms. Morgan. He came up behind me and choked me and then boomeranged a wooden hanger at my head. Ms. Morgan telling prosecutors she packed up her belongings and left Ms. Ventura's apartment the witness saying she met with Ms. Ventura. About a month later, Ms. Ventura told her that Mr. Combs would pay Ms. Morgan $30,000 in exchange for signing a non-disclosure agreement.


Ms. Morgan says she agreed to the deal, accepted the money, and never spoke to Ms. Ventura again, the former best friend also describing multiple instances of violence including the fallout after that 2016 incident at the Intercontinental Hotel where Mr. Combs was captured on security cameras throwing Ms. Ventura to the ground, kicking her and dragging her. Ms. Morgan saying she was staying at Ms. Ventura's apartment at the time, Ms. Ventura returned with a black eye. The witness testifying that Mr. Combs arrived at the apartment about 30 minutes later, banging on the door with a hammer on cross-examination. Prosecutors asking Ms. Morgan about the nature of the relationship between Combs and Ventura, including infidelity and jealousy.


Ms. Morgan saying to the defense she did believe Mr. Combs and Ms. Ventura were in love also saying she at times believed that they could work things out. The witness saying at the time Mr. Combs assaulted Ms. Morgan, he was questioning her about an affair he thought Ms. Ventura was having. Mr. Combs is facing charges of sex trafficking, racketeering, conspiracy, and transportation to engage in prostitution. Mr. Combs has pleaded not guilty. FBI, director Cash Patel and Deputy Director Dan Bonino in a joint interview Sunday on Fox weighing in on Jeffrey Epstein's cause of death. You said Jeffrey Epstein committed suicide.


People don't believe It. Well, I mean, listen, they have a right to their opinion, but as someone who has worked as a public defender, as a prosecutor who's been in that prison system, who's been in the Metropolitan Detention Center, who's been in segregated housing, you know, a suicide when you see one, and that's what that was, He killed himself. You again, you want me to get I've I've, I've seen the whole file. He killed himself. Deputy Director Dan Bonino, adding on X quote. I'm not asking you to believe me or not. I'm telling you what exists and what doesn't. If new evidence surfaces, I'm happy to reevaluate. Jeffrey Epstein was found dead in his jail cell in August of 2019 and apparent suicide by hanging at the time he was awaiting trial on federal sex trafficking charges.


The disgraced financier had many ties to powerful people, including former President, bill Clinton, prince Andrew, Microsoft founder, bill Gates, and various Hollywood elites connections. Many expected to be scrutinized in court. The suspicious circumstances surrounding Epstein's death sparking widespread speculation. Two guards assigned to monitor Epstein reportedly fell asleep and failed to perform mandatory 30 minute checks. Security cameras outside his cell malfunctioned fueling ongoing suspicions of foul play. Critics have pointed to the Epstein case and lack of transparency as a major catalyst into declining public trust in the FBI. Attorney General.


Pam Bondy initially promised a full release of the Epstein files, but in a very high profile misstep. The documents unveiled in quote phase one turned out to already be public. A number of influencers called to the White House for the big reveal were publicly embarrassed through no fault of their own Ag. Pam Bondy now saying her team is carefully reviewing newly discovered files. To ensure no Epstein victims are inadvertently identified. The Trump administration says it remains committed to full transparency in the Epstein case. And that'll do it for your AM Update. I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one eleven@noononyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.