
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Thursday, March 6th, 2025, and this is your AM update. I'm willing to suffer whatever punishment is available to me. I didn't say to anyone, don't punish me. House Republicans prepare multiple censure resolutions following Congressman Al Green's unprecedented outburst at President Trump's joint address. Okay, I think the president's hope is that by the end of the term, we build the entire border wall Vice President JD Vance, calling on Congress to provide resources to fortify the southern border and deport illegal aliens. The Supreme Court delivering a blow to the Trump administration's order to freeze foreign aid funding. But is it as bad as the media suggests and Mr.


Trump's plan for a Gaza Riviera may not have been bluster. After all, all that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM


update, The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. And with April 15th fast approaching, it's more aggressive than ever. If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, waiting is not a great option. Don't do it. April 15th could mark another tax year that's just passed you by and added to your stress. So the smart move is to get ahead of it now, but You know, do not contact the IRS alone. That's crazy. Talk. Instead, you could let the experts at tax network USA handle this for you. Why? Well, not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS so they know exactly which agents to deal with and which to avoid with proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 million Tax Network USA attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists today for free. Don't let the IRSs control your future 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan tn usa.com/megan April 15th at just around the corner. Act now before the IRS acts first


multiple censure resolutions circulating the halls of Congress following Texas Congressman Al Green's unprecedented outburst during President Trump's joint address first to the floor, Washington Congressman Dan Newhouse. Now therefore be it resolved that representative Al Green be censured representative Al Green forthwith present himself in the well of the House of Representatives for the pronouncement of censure and representative Al Green Be ensed with the public reading of this resolution by the speaker. The measure is expected to be taken up within Days. Fox News digital reporting, Texas Congressman Troy Nells has his own resolution co-signed by about 30 House Republicans and still a third will be filed by the House Freedom Caucus.


Immediately following his removal from the chamber. Mr. Green telling reporters he's prepared for any consequences, I'm willing to suffer whatever punishment is available to me. I didn't say to anyone, don't punish me. I've said I'll accept the punishment, but it's worth it to let people know that there are some of us who are going to stand up against this President's desire to cut Medicaid, Medicare and Social Security Democrat disrespect, hitting its peak in a moment where President Trump honored a 13-year-old boy with brain cancer as Republican members delivered a standing ovation for DJ Daniel Democrats remained seated. The partisan reaction continuing on M-S-N-B-C after the fact with this incredible comment from Nicole Wallace, And I hope he lives an the life he wants to live you.


And I hope he has a long life as, as a law enforcement officer, but I hope he never has to defend the United States capitol against Donald Trump's supporters. And if he does, I hope he isn't one of the six who loses his life to suicide. Senator John Federman, who was in attendance posting to XA sad cavalcade of self owns and unhinged petulance. We are becoming the metaphorical car alarms that nobody pays attention to and it may not be a winning message. A CBS news u gov poll, surveying speech watchers showing high marks for the president, 76% overall approved of the speech, 74% saying it was presidential, 68% reporting.


It made them feel hopeful and proud and 63% saying Mr. Trump focused on issues they care about. Vice President JD Vance, secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth and Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard touring the southern border in Eagle Pass, Texas border officials escorting the delegation on an aerial tour providing updates to enforcement efforts. In a briefing the vice president making some news with this comment. I think the president's hope is that by the end of the term we build the entire border wall. And Of course, that's the physical structure of the border wall itself. But we even heard today there are so many good technological tools reusing artificial intelligence to make us better at the job of border enforcement.


In The first Trump administration, the projected cost of the border wall was between eight and 12 billion. A 2023 House Homeland Security Committee report says the Biden migrant crisis could cost taxpayers up to 451 billion as illegal border crossings plummet. The rate of deportations is also slowing down In the first week of the Trump administration, daily numbers on the deportations were being posted to social media tallying up arrests and removals. Those updates have stopped Vice President JD Vance defending the administration's efforts, but calling on Congress for more support. One of the most important parts of the President's reconciliation priorities is Of course, tax reform on the one hand, and on the other hand, making sure that we get proper resources so that we can pay for the flights and we can pay for the detention centers and we can pay for all the components necessary to ensure that we're re migrating illegal immigrants back to their country of origin.


Congress is currently working on a continuing resolution with hopes of passing a budget. In September, Stanford's Dr. J Bachar yesterday morning appearing before the Senate Committee on Health Education, labor and Pensions. Dr. Charya is President Trump's pick to lead the National Institutes of Health. The NIH is the Biomedical Research Agency of the US with a $47 billion budget and 27 sub institutes and centers. The NIH deeply involved in many controversial aspects of public debates like vaccines, animal testing, and the covid response, Dr. Bach Chaia promising to achieve President Trump's mission, to restore trust in institutions and to make America healthy again.


During COVID, Dr. Bach Chaia bucked establishment thinking, authoring the Great Barrington Declaration in October, 2020, the declaration opposed Covid lockdowns advocated for natural immunity and for a policy focused on protecting the most vulnerable, a completely opposite policy than the one advocated by the Biden administration, which worked to silence Dr. Bachar, Dr. Francis Collins, who used to run the NIH, referred to the Barrington Declaration as the work of fringe epidemiologists. After Elon Musk bought Twitter, he revealed that the administration under Joe Biden pressured the social media company to suppress Dr.


Bach's posts. The doctor sharing with the committee his view on the role of scientists in public debate. The the proper role of scientists in a pandemic is to answer basic questions that policy makers have about what the right policy should be. They're not, a role isn't to make decisions to say you shouldn't be saying goodbye to your, your, your grandfather as he's dying in a hospital. You, it shouldn't be to say you can't have a funeral because it's too dangerous. The scientist should say, here's what the risks are, and then you, then you decide what the risks whether you take it. Dr. Bach facing a question from Louisiana Senator Bill Cassidy, who is also a doctor on the value of revisiting what Senator Cassidy considers a thoroughly examined issue, the link between vaccines and autism.


If Just because somebody is upset about something, do we, do we have the opportunity cost of devoting resources at something which has already been pretty well dis examined? Yes, you're absolutely right, Senator. I, we don't need to address every, every idea that or, or, or concern, but if those concerns result in parents not wanting to vaccinate their children for a vaccine that is well tested, I, my my sense is that my, my inclination is to give people good data. Despite some controversial topics, the hearing overall remained well-mannered. The most contentious issue caps on indirect funding. Now that refers to the overhead costs of medical research. The Wall Street Journal reporting.


These costs can range from 15% to 90% of a total grant. In early February, the Trump administration moved to cap indirect costs at 15%. A move quickly challenged in court last night, a federal judge extending the block on imposing caps as the case winds through the courts. These caps would result in massive funding cuts to universities, Republican and Democrat senators pressing Dr. Barria on the issue. Trump administration announced an illegal plan to cap indirect costs rates at 15%. That amounts to a massive funding cut for research institutions, large and small, red and blue states, everyone to Impose this arbitrary cap makes no sense At all.


And this is in blatant defiance of appropriations law, which prohibits NIH from capping these costs. Dr. Bia recognizing the senator's concerns, but reiterating the stance of the Trump administration. There is too much waste in government and in its grants. The, The money that comes to me, the direct cost as researchers, I understand exactly where that money goes, the indirect costs, I don't know where that goes. I think that that a lot of it likely goes to the things that are worthwhile. And, and I've heard lots of folks including from Stanford who say that, and I, and I agree with them, You know, support for buildings, light bulbs to make sure that we can, we can see in the lab and a whole host of other important things, but there's a lot of distrust about where the money goes because the, the trust in the public health establishment has collapsed in the pandemic.


I think transparency regarding indirect cost is absolutely worthwhile. And I wanna make sure that the money goes to the research Republican senator from Kansas, Roger Marshall backing up Dr calling indirect funding a grift from universities. Later today, the hearing from Mr. Trump's pick to head the FDA Dr. Marty McCarey of Johns Hopkins will take place. Coming up the Supreme Court delivers a temporary blow to the Trump administration and the president's grand vision for the reconstruction of Gaza may not have been a negotiating tactic. After all,


The human body is incredible capable of repair and growth that amazes scientists even in 2025. But as the years pass, natural healing and building processes slow down. While this is normal, there is a way to support your body. A collagen supplement from Ancient Nutrition can help you look and feel your best. For centuries people have searched for a mythical fountain of youth. Spoiler alert, it does not exist. However, collagen is a proven way to promote youthful health and appearance. And that is why I wanna tell you about Ancient nutrition's. Multi collagen, advanced lean and Ancient Nutrition combines ancient wisdom and modern science to create high quality supplements. It's delicious, it's easy to incorporate into your daily routine, and you can mix it right into coffee matcha smoothies, what have you right now. Enjoy 25% off your first order at Ancient Nutrition dot com slash megan. That's Ancient Nutrition dot com slash megan for 25% off. Support your bod and feel your best with Ancient Nutrition.


The Supreme Court weighs in on a $2 billion legal battle handing the Trump Administration a temporary setback. The ruling stems from a lawsuit against President Trump's executive order, pausing all US foreign aid for 90 days. Two weeks ago, the AIDS Vaccine Advocacy Coalition, a major foreign aid contractor filed a lawsuit against the State Department arguing the funding freeze was unlawful. A federal district judge appointed last minute by President Biden, who was confirmed by only one vote, issued a temporary restraining order against the Trump administration. Meaning while the judge evaluated the legality of the order, foreign aid payments had to resume.


But when the administration took too long to restart payments, it argues that it had to review each contract. Avac. This group returned to court seeking a contempt order. In response, the Judge Amir Ali, ordered the administration to immediately pay for contracts on which the work had already been done and estimated 2 billion. The Trump administration appealing to the US Supreme Court arguing that once the checks are cut, the money will be gone forever and that the broader lawsuit on the merits is still ongoing. In a five four decision, the liberal justices joined by Chief Justice John Roberts and Justice Amy Coney Barrett siding with the lower court in a scathing dissent.


Justice Samuel Alito, joined by Justices Clarence Thomas, Neil Gorsuch and Brett Kavanaugh writing quote, does a single district court judge who likely lacks jurisdiction have the unchecked power to compel the government of the United States to pay out and probably lose forever 2 billion taxpayer dollars? The answer to that question, he continues, should be an emphatic no. But a majority of this court apparently thinks otherwise. I am stunned Justice Alito accusing the lower court judge of abusing his power and accusing his colleagues of failing in their responsibility to prevent abuse of judicial power. This case is not over.


However, the next hearing is set for later today. Stay tuned. President Trump squashing Egypt's counter proposal for the reconstruction of Gaza, the President, shocking the world. Most of all Arab leaders with his post-war plans for Gaza. A tremendous asset for the Middle East. It's fronting on the sea. It's gonna be a great economic development job. It's gonna put people to work, a lot of people to work, and those people are all gonna be from the Middle East. And if they don't want to leave, how are you gonna force them, Mr. President? Oh, they're gonna be great. They're gonna, they're gonna be very happy. Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu praising Mr. Trump's plan, calling it revolutionary.


Many others, speculating. The announcement was just a negotiating tactic, a ploy to get Middle Eastern leaders to come up with a way to rebuild the area themselves. The Egyptians quickly rallying other Arab leaders presenting the White House with a $53 billion plan. The Wall Street Journal reports the plan envisions a six month period setting up temporary housing, followed by two years of reconstruction. The third phase of that plan calls for a development of a quote, Mediterranean seafront revitalized by resorts and beaches. The White House promptly rejecting that plan. However, on the grounds that it does not adequately address Hamas leadership in Gaza and the area is not safe for human habitation.


A spokesman for the National Security Council saying residents cannot humanely live in a territory covered in debris and unexploded ordinance. The ceasefire in Gaza expired on Sunday. Fighting has not resumed though Israel has paused. Sending aid vehicles. Axios reporting, the Trump administration is holding direct talks with Hamas to return us hostages. The talks are unprecedented. No US official has ever engaged with Hamas since its designation as a terror group. In 1997, president Trump in a lengthy post on truth social last night writing in part quote Shalom, Hamas means hello and goodbye.


You can choose, release all of the hostages now, not later and immediately return all of the dead bodies of the people you murdered. Or it is over in all caps for you for the leadership. Now is the time to leave Gaza while you still have a chance also to the people of Gaza. A beautiful future awaits but not a few hold hostages. If you do, you are dead. 59 hostages are still held captive by Hamas and Gaza. Israeli defense forces confirm 35 are dead. Five Americans remain. Only one is believed to be alive. 21-year-old Edon Alexander officials are reportedly also negotiating the possibility of a broader deal to end the war.


That'll do it. For your AM update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM tri Channel one 11 at U East on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.


Tax Act knows filing your small business taxes can be a nightmare, like the kind where you're being chased by a giant W2 form and you're running and running, but you can never reach the submit button or something like that. So Tax Act offers expert assist with live tax experts to make filing taxes less scary. Now you can just have pleasant dreams about being chased by other giant non-threatening paperwork tax act. Let's get them over with.