
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, coming to you from Washington DC this afternoon fireworks on Capitol Hill today where Robert f Kennedy Jr. Made the case that he is the man. I mean indeed, truly like the only man to run the Department of Health and Human Services in 2025 America and implement President Donald Trump's Make America Healthy Again, agenda. His opponents didn't get it. Even some of the Republicans didn't get it, but for the most part they did.


Well, the Republican senators, I, there a couple which I'll go over, were annoying, but the Democrats once again made fools out of themselves. They just, they made fools out of themselves in the same way. They keep looking at Trump and saying, Hitler, Nazi, fascist, convicted felon. And everybody's like, screw you. We have a country to save. That's how I felt today watching them go after RFK J They don't get it. That audience was filled with parents, moms with infants, with little kids, with them trying to send a message to these senators. They're done playing these ridiculous games. Half these senators are on the take with big pharma or big Ag for that matter, and doing big pharma's bidding live in the hearing.


They, they don't want RFK j they don't want somebody who's been suing big pharma his entire career. That's who pays their reelection bills. And it was very obvious as you watch them today, they were smearing him. I mean, left and right, those in the press, those who are on the left hand side of the aisle in this hearing. And you know, they, they weren't even trying to hide it. Basically, they just wanted to make, if, if half this stuff had been said outside of the US Senate, they could all be sued for defamation. I mean, it was amazing. Look, I will say this. They didn't go hard personal on him like they did with Pete Hegseth. They could have brought it up. You know, obviously Bobby Kennedy is a recovering heroin addict. He said he'd, he's been sober for 42 years.


They could have brought up the personal behavior with women. It's not exactly stellar on the history there. They steer clear of that, which was good. But they men are obsessed with his stance on vaccines obsessed and like either unwilling or unable to see what he really feels about them. I mean, look, he's not a huge proponent. I think that's fair. But they just wanna paint him as somebody who wants to ban all vaccines. And he doesn't talk about banning at all. He's very against VA vaccine mandates. And in some cases he wants more research being done before we push these vaccines on kids and has joined as a lawyer in some lawsuits against the manufacturers.


Look, here's, here's one of the low lights of the, the day. It was actually very funny, so I enjoyed the moment, but this is what we, instead of talking about what, what he's going to do to try to get the chemicals out of our food supply, try to work with farmers and ranchers to help them avoid these toxic pesticides in the way that they're using now, them now, and to the measure that they're using them now, instead of talking about that and, and exactly how he plans to get all of these ultra processed foods out of our food supplier. Make them just a minor offering as opposed to the dominant thing you see on yourselves and at your school lunches. Instead of spending time on that, the Democrats wanted to talk about baby clothes like Bernie Sanders who decided to bring up this onesie, which we're putting on the screen now, put out by RFK J'S nonprofit Children's Health Defense Fund, which he's now had to leave because of this appointment.


And Bernie Sanders was really upset that there's a baby onesie that reads unlaxed and unafraid Watch this. Now you're coming before this committee and you say you are pro-vaccine. Just want to ask some questions. And yet your organization is making money selling a child's product to parents for 26 bucks, which cast fundamental doubt on, on the usefulness of vaccines. Can you tell us now that you will, now that you are throw vaccine, that you're gonna have your organization take these products off the market? Senator, I have no power over that organization.


I'm not part of it. I resigned from the Board. That was just a few months ago. You founded that. You certainly have power you can make that. I, I've Are you supportive of this? I've had nothing to do with the Are you supportive of these ones? He's, I'm Supportive of vaccines. Are you supportive of these, this clothing, which is Milly anti-vaccine? I, I am supportive of vaccines. I will, I I want good science and I wanna protect vaccine, but You'll not tell the organization you founded not to continue selling that product. Thank you, Mr. Chairman. We spent actual time on a baby onesie in today's HH s confirmation hearing.


Are you supportive of these onesies? America wants the truth. I mean, to be perfectly honest, I prefer the, the little footy onesies keeps it a little tootsies warm when you put 'em in. What? This is ridiculous. Meanwhile, guarantee you those onesies are selling out like wildfire right now on the Children's Health Defense Defense website, by the way, what does it even mean? Un vaxxed, you know, and unafraid it could be about the Covid vaccine, which actually they were telling us should be given to babies and young people. And it's basically just the parent's way of saying, you know what? I refuse your mandates and I will make my own decisions for my children.


Or maybe it is about the full vaccine schedule that they push on us to give our little kids, because there are a lot of parents out there, millions of 'em in fact, that think it's too much too soon. Why are we giving the Hep C vaccine to babies, which prevents STDs, not a lot of babies in need of that. So whatever. He tried to make this into like some federal case against the evil Bobby Kennedy. And you heard Kennedy's response there. Another big moment came when Nevada Senator Katherine Cortez Masto, she's a dem and I got news for you, madam. Okay? Your state is getting redder by the second. So I would tread carefully if I were you. And you know what else?


It tends to be that the, the further west the state is, the more Maha is popular. My California friends who've been voting Democrats, some of them their whole lives love Maha. And I guarantee you Nevada Senator Catherine Cortez Masto has a lot of them in her state too. You know, the libs who thought that the right was was crazy and was Neo Connie and wanted to spy on them. And they weren't much akin to that. They didn't, they weren't friendly toward it. They like Maha and this is the face of Maha, so she better watch it. She decided it to be super fun to frame RFK J as just a loser sto for the, this Trump administration.


You keep citing the Trump administration and you're just gonna follow what they say. Is that what you're doing? You're just a rubber stamp for the, in this position. President Trump has asked me and the chronic disease epidemic and Make America Healthy Again and I'm in a Unique, is that the only reason why you're at HHS? Is that the only reason why then you're at the HHS to address that one issue? President Trump has asked me because I'm in a unique position to end that and, and that is what I'm doing. And if we don't solve that problem, senator, all of the other disputes we have about who's paying and whether it's insurance companies, whether it's providers, whether it's HMOs, whether it's patients or families, all of those are moving deck chairs around on the Titanic.


This is an existential threat economically to our military, to our health, to our sense of wellbeing. And it is a priority for President Trump. And that's why he, he asked me, run the agency. And if I'm privileged to be confirmed, that's exactly what I'll do. Now, there were some who believed that Cortez Masto could potentially be a yes vote for RFK J because of the reasons I just stated. I didn't see that today in the room. Doesn't mean she won't eventually do it, but the general wisdom in there was that none of these dems who, who might be open to the idea of RFK j who was a Democrat two minutes ago that they loved, probably none will wanna be the deciding vote.


So if he loses four Republican votes, then he's going to need one dem. And, and the wisdom is that not Cortez Masto. Sheldon Whitehouse of Rhode Island is like a lifetime lifelong friend of RFK js. Some thought maybe he could potentially be that vote. They went to law school together. I'm, I'm pretty sure they were both in each other's weddings. You wouldn't have known that from today. So he's potentially at least another, he didn't beat up on RFK j the way the others did. He just used his five minutes to go off on the issues in Rhode Island. And I gotta be honest, I, a lot of what he said, I actually agreed with, he was going on and on about the nonsense rules that constrict states when it comes to, for example, elder care and how, you know, you wanna, if Granny kept calling her granny, like granny gets sick and you wanna take and, and like the caregivers of the family who need a break instead of like providing coverage for a caregiver to come in for a day or two so the family can have a break, they insist that granny go in an ambulance to the hospital that insurance will pay for, but not, not the former, which is stupid as he kept saying.


So I gotta say White House was making some good points. He's a possible on RFK J, but we don't know. And the two absolute worst, absolute worst in the room were Ron Wyden of Oregon. He's the ranking member, meaning the top Democrat on the committee. He Mark Warner of Virginia, who I, I'm gonna, I, it's tough to say. I'm gonna let you guys be the judge first. I'll get Michael Knowles vote in a bit in a bit. We're gonna be joined by link. Lauren, he worked on RFK J'S campaign and he's got a lot of a lot of thoughts on all of that. But first, Michael Knowles is here.


He's host of The Michael Knowles Show on the Daily Wire,


increased tariffs on our trade partners, tax cuts and regulation changes. There's a reason why gold is a diversification tactic now more than ever, Birch Gold is releasing their ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. To get your free copy along with Birch Gold's free information kit on gold Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Here are the facts. The national debt continues to increase our interest payments on the national debt continue to increase. So gold is an important option and it can be your hedge against a weakened dollar. Birch Gold can convert an existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in gold Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era. There's no obligation, just information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau, countless five star reviews and thousands of happy customers find out more about Birch Gold. There is a reason so many people love these guys and take all or just a small part of their existing IRAs and move them over into gold with Birch Text. MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


Michael, great to have you. So just like last time you and I did this after Hegseth, I was in the room, I was seated right behind Cheryl Hines, the wife of RFK j who it must have blown Hollywood's mind for those who didn't know she was married to him. To see her, the star of curb Your Enthusiasm, Larry David show right there. And I was totally struck by the amount of enthusiasm in the crowd for him. He's a rock star. That's like, as much as the people love Pete, they were military guys, they follow follow the rules. You know, they were told not to clap and not to make sound, and they didn't. The RFK j Maha crew was like, bring it. They were booing people like Elizabeth Warren. Whenever the hecklers got loud, they were yelling, we love you Bobby.


And the woman who is a seated couple coupled down from me was awesome. She's kept like, when, when Bobby got on a roll, she was like, tell it. I'm like, I, this is so much better with her here. So it was kind of fun. Today's was, it was kind of fun. Probably not for Bobby Kennedy Kennedy, but it was fun for people like me too, just to see, once again, these Democrats have nothing. They just want to inflame, you know, throw arrows. They're all that was about conspiracy theorist and anti-vaccine freak. That's really where they went with it. What were your thoughts? Well, this is the advantage of having a guy who was a Democrat for his whole life, be your nominee, is that his supporters were Democrats for their whole lives.


And Democrats are a little bit unruly. And, and so in this case that actually red downed to our benefit because they were applauding, I feel really good about Sheldon White House, and I could be proven wrong on this, but they say that jazz is not the, the notes that they play, but it's the notes that they don't play. And that's how I felt about Sheldon Whitehouse's line of questioning so-called today. What was the one thing he didn't say? He didn't ask RFK a single question. So on the one hand he was really playing up how people are concerned, Mr. Kennedy, and people are afraid of some things you've said. But then Sheldon Whitehouse filibustered himself. Why? Because he didn't wanna make RFK answer any questions.


He didn't wanna put him in a bad spot. I think Senator Whitehouse was sending a clear message today to the Democrats and to some of the fence sitting Republicans that he would be a, a pro Kennedy vote if it comes down to it. The rest of the crew I thought didn't really land much of a punch. You had Ron Wyden, who to me sounded a little more like Ron Wyan today. Am I right? He was just complaining the whole time. He, he didn't really land a blow on him. Elizabeth Warren was funny because she first asked Kennedy, do you promise once you leave HHS not to work for the pharmaceutical industry? And he said, yeah, I, I certainly promised that they wouldn't hire me, I don't like them.


And she said, great, next question. Do you promise not to work against them? And Kennedy basically laughed and he said, hold on, I can't work for them or against them, am I, can I do anything after I leave HHS? So I don't think that really landed at all. The silliest moment was Tina Smith, a democrat that I didn't even really know about in the Senate. I think We have this, is this the SSRI thing? The SSRI gal. Stand By, let me play it. And then you take it on the back end. Here she is. So do you believe, as you've said, that antidepressants cause school shootings? This is a, should be a simple question. I I don't think anybody can answer that question. And I didn't answer that question. I said it should. So your Answer studies, I said it should be studied along with other potential culprits, like so They may Cause social media, but I don't know.


I would never make, because there's no science on that Senator. Well, there is senator. I mean, excuse me. There is Mr. Kennedy, thank you for the promotion. The, the science shows that there is no link between school shootings and antidepressants. And in fact, most school shooters were not even treated with antidepressants. And of those that were, there was no evidence of association. You know, I, I don't think you can say that. My question is, say that Senator, because HIPAA rules, nobody knows, But the science shows that there's no link between antidepressants in school shooting O Okay, does it? That's that's an impossibility that they could absolutely rule out that they played any role in any of these, but keep going. I loved Kennedy's answer, which is, what are you talking about?


There are HIPAA rules. We can't actually go into the medical files of a lot of these shooters. And there has been an association shown with a number of these school shootings. So this woman went on and, And she went on to talk about her own experience with SSRIs. And I thought it really undermined her argument because she was not particularly articulate. She was interrupting him. I thought she sounded downright unhinged. And, and if her argument was, listen, I've been on powerful psych drugs for a lot of my life, and see, I'm proof that they're all great, there's no question about them. Not the best argument senator. So I, I felt hers really fell flat. No one really landed a blow. The funniest part was at the end when the senators were all itching to get out of the hearing to go vote on a separate matter.


And the one senator asked like five questions in a row and then said, okay, I gotta go. I don't even wanna stick around to hear the answer. I, I thought Kennedy was gonna have a lot more trouble when he was first announced as the pick for HHS. But as we said last time on the show, Meghan, Pete Hegseth was obviously the canary in the coal mine. He was one of the controversial nominees. The controversial nominees are Hegseth, Tulsi Cash Patel and Bobby Kennedy. They, they scheduled Pete Hegseth first, then they had a bunch of boring nominees that we all knew would get through like Marco Rubio. And then they had the rest of the controversial ones scheduled for later Hegseth sailed through. It was, it was a little tricky, but there was never any real doubt that he was gonna make it through.


And, and so I think it's a lot easier for all the other controversial nominees, including Kennedy. If I were Bobby Kennedy, I'd be feeling very good this afternoon, I would too. But I do have my eye over on, on Senator Cassidy on the Republican side, who is a question mark. He's a doctor. He would, to hear him question RFK j you you might think he was a Democrat. He seemed to be laying traps for him. It was all like, what, what is your plan to do this within Medicare? What is your plan to do that within Medicaid? Explain the difference between this obscure program every lay person has never heard of and this other. And so it seemed to be like a little knowledge test for him.


Meanwhile, it's like that is not why Trump nominated him. Obviously he will have the help of career bureaucrats over at HHS who can get him up to speed on all these things he'll learn. But it almost seemed like he was trying to embarrass him or maybe create the case for Republicans that Bobby's not qualified for this job. That was my, my feeling. I don't know. But we need Cassidy to be a yes or he needs to be hearing from Elon Musk's super Pac. You've already got Scott Presler who got all those Republicans registered in Pennsylvania saying, I will personally make sure Kennedy suffers electorally or anybody on the Republican side who doesn't vote for him. And these people mean business. Don Junior's got a whole wrangling group of money.


People who know how to scare these Republican senators, they're not trying to scare the Dems, they're trying to scare the Republicans who are trying to stop Trump from getting his nominees. So if I were Cassidy, I, I would be careful. This was Kennedy's one mistake during the series of traps and gotcha questions is he was asked, do you know how many kids are born on Medicaid in the country? And it's one of these, you know, what's the capital of Uzbekistan kind of questions. And Kennedy didn't know the answer. He said, I, I don't know what the answer is. And he made the mistake that people sometimes make when they're in a negotiation, in a negotiation, whoever gives the first number loses. And I, I think it's true here in Senate confirmations. If you don't know the answer, don't give an answer. So he said, I don't know, 30 million.


And the answer was one and a half million or something like that. So, okay, they showed that he didn't know one statistic. I don't think that's really gonna hurt him all that much in the end. I agree. Some Republicans are a little on the fence. The reason that I would've been on the fence and that conservative Republicans would be on the fence is because Bobby Kennedy has been in favor of abortion for his whole career. That was what really worried me. And I know a lot of pro-lifers as well. And Kennedy was clear as day here. Kennedy said, I believe that every abortion is a tragedy and I support President Trump's agenda. To me, it was a little strange that these Democrats kept hammering Kennedy on. I know, you know, they, they said, are you just here to enact Trump's agenda?


And Kennedy wa was nuanced about his answer. But of course the correct answer is yes, I didn't win the election for President. Yes. And the other thing was a, a Republican senator asked him, Michael, are you, you know, if we have another like pandemic type thing, are, are you going to go over and, you know, interfere at the CDC and the NIH and with these doctors who are coming up with an meanwhile? I was like, I certainly hope he's going to Yes, I hope his answer is yes. That's why we want him there to make sure we don't have another drunk on his own wine. Dr. Fauci is sending out edicts. Now if all goes well, we're not gonna have that. 'cause we're gonna have normal heads of these agencies. But I mean, he did say, no, I won't interfere, but like, they're not getting it. They're not understanding e like Repub, some Republicans, Senator Ron Johnson was a star today.


He was the star of the whole hearing. He asked all the right questions. In fact, I'll give the audience just a flavor of him after just so many beat downs by the left. Here's what Ron Johnson did. So 12, Here's somebody from the left, somebody I don't agree with on many issues politically coming together with President Trump and focusing on an area of agreement. So something that the American people desperately want finding out the answers what is caused autism, what is causing chronic illness?


Ms. Kennedy, I, I know, I think I've come to know what's in your heart. I I think I know the personal and political price you've paid for this decision. I just, I wanna say publicly, I thank you for that. I truly appreciate what you're doing here. Can't we come together as a nation and do this? That, that was amazing. Michael. And, and RFK took that mantle and ran with it repeatedly. When given the opportunity to say what he plans to do, which only came from folks on the right.


He was absolutely brilliant with it and really sold himself. He, I think the American people were persuaded whether the Democrats were, certainly they were not. Whether the fence sitting Republicans were, that remains to be seen. But I suspect they will get in line. But the way some of these senators were speaking about vaccines, about government organizations, about mandates, I thought have, have you not been around the last five years, did you not pay attention to what happened in the election? You know, we remember Covid, we remember when Bobby Kennedy was right about the Covid vaccine and all you people, and Dr. Fauci and the CDC, all of you just lied to us. In some cases, you knew that what you were saying was not true or was not based on reliable science.


And you just said it anyway. So, sorry, excuse me if I'm willing to favor the views of the supposed conspiracy theorist, Bobby Kennedy, over the supposed geniuses like Dr. Fauci. Because as Kennedy made clear in this hearing, he was called a conspiracy theorist recently for his views on Covid. He was proven 100%. Right. So my, my thought to these squishy Republicans is vote against Bobby Kennedy if you want, but you're gonna have to answer to the American people whose views on this matter are perfectly clear. Okay, we have that soundbite. I'm just trying to look through where it is, where he defends himself on these, you know, I'm, I'm a conspirator. So 17 on whether he's a conspiracy theorist, watch That label was applied to me because I said that the vaccines, the covid vaccine didn't prevent transmission and it wouldn't prevent infection when the government was telling people, Americans that it would, I was saying that because I was looking at the monkey studies in May of 2020, I was called a copi.


Now everybody admits it. I was called a conspiracy theorist because I said red dye caused cancer. And now FDA has acknowledged that. And Bandit, I was called a conspiracy theorist because I said fluoride lowered iq. Last week JAMA published a matter review of 87 studies saying that there's a direct inverse correlation between IQ loss. All Right, so I'm gonna assume I Can go on for about a week. Is there any one of 'em that you can say, you got me that really was a conspiracy theory or are are you in a possession? Not yet. Not yet. Exactly right. I mean, I feel like That too, virtually all Americans, virtually all Americans can relate to that, you know, on whether this was a lab leak, you know, COVID, whether it was Russian disinformation in that Hunter Biden laptop.


I mean, you know, this is something that's become so commonplace that it's a meme online, right? Like wait 10 minutes and all my conspiracy theories will be proven true. That's right. This was a realization I had during covid and I was not the only one that a diff the difference between a conspiracy theory and the truth very often these days is about six to nine months. The fact you just alluded to Meghan, that the CIA now says, according to reporting from the New York Times, that they have come around to the idea that Covid might have come from a lab leak in China. Gee, really? That's a, that's amazing. You're you now, you the CIA, the preeminent intelligence agency in the entire world, you the New York Times, the paper of record, you've just now figured out what everyone with two brain cells to rub together knew and said openly five years ago that you all called us conspiracy theorists for saying five years ago, that's out.


You know, we, we saw the left overplay their hand on insults like racist and sexist for years and decades even. And now those insults don't really stick anymore. I think the same can be said of conspiracy theorist, which is why Bobby Kennedy took that invective and he ran with it today. And the Democrats were left sputtering. He was on totally solid ground. Here he is describing what, what he's doing there, right? I mean this is, you kind of forget 'cause we cover him as a news item so often. But this is Robert f Kennedy Jr. You know, his wife is a very successful actress out in Hollywood. He's led a very big life. He's been an extremely successful attorney and much like President Trump, frankly, much like Pete Hegseth who was making, according to the disclosures over $2 million a year at Fox News and is now making about 250,000.


They don't, this is not for the money they actually want to get into public service to do some good. So here he was speaking to that in slot 13. I don't think anybody is going to be able to do this like I have because of my peculiar experience, because I've litigated against these agencies. When you litigate against them, you get a PhD in corporate capture and how to unravel it. I've written six books about these agencies. I know a lot about them and I know how to fix it. And there's nobody who will fix it the way that I do because I'm not scared of vested interest.


I don't care. I'm not here because I want a position or a job. I have a very good life and a happy family. This is something I don't need. I wanna do this because we're gonna fix it. So well said. Right? He doesn't have to, we should be grateful. The people, they're not even grateful for Elon Musk, these leftists. It's like the most brilliant man on the face of the planet wants to work for us for free. The only correct answer is to say yes, thank you. Yes. I I love the line. He said there, when you litigate against these companies, you get a PhD in corporate capture. And that obviously has happened. I don't know anyone who has any familiarity with Washington, who would disagree with Kennedy, that major corporate interests have captured a lot of the agencies that are supposed to regulate them.


And there, there's a real irony here for the, the former Democrats who were sitting there supporting Kennedy, many of whom voted for Donald Trump, is they believed for so many years that Republicans were, the parties were the party of the establishment and corporate power rich Uncle Penny bags and Democrats were the ones speaking truth to power independence from the outside man. And in, in reality, all of those democrats who were grilling Kennedy today were effectively working on behalf of some of the biggest corporate interests in the country. Even to, to zoom out a little bit, when President Trump just passed his executive order ordering the agencies to stop transing the kids to, to cut out the, the so-called gender affirming care for little kids.


The, the people who are arguing against that on behalf of Transing, the kids are arguing on behalf of big pharma, getting little kids hooked on expensive medical treatments that they will have to pay a lot of money for for the rest of their lives. So you're right, you, you did see a fight here just beyond Republican versus Democrat. You saw a fight beyond corporate power. I think very corrupt corporate cap power in this case versus independent minded people who want to Make America Healthy Again. It just so happens that the Dems were on the side of the corporations and it was the Republicans who were trying to bring some accountability to those corporations. Yes. Okay. And that brings me to Ron Wyden, who I mentioned at the top, Democrat from Oregon.


How much has he taken from pharmaceuticals and healthcare companies? $1.2 million over the course of his career. Didn't happen just yesterday, but still that's a lot of change in Washington. And here's a taste of how it went between him and RFK J today sought six. Your testimony today, under oath, you denied that you were anti-vaccine. But during a podcast interview in July of 2023, you said, quote, no vaccine is safe and effective. Yeah, Senator, as you know, because it's been repeatedly debunked, that statement that I made on the Lex Friedman podcast was a fragment of the statement.


He asked me and anybody who actually goes and looks at that podcast and will see this, he asked me, are there vaccines that are safe and effective? And I said to him, some of the live virus vaccines are, and I said, there are no vaccines that are safe and effective. And I was gonna continue. For every person, every medicine has people who are sensitive to them including vaccines. Right? So he interrupted me at that point. I've corrected it many times, including on national tv. You know about this. Senator Biden. So bring this up right now, is dishonest. Hmm. That was very good.


And all it needed at the end was that cherry on the Sunday about his 1.2 million from big pharma, which is why he's so concerned about what Bobby Kennedy has said on vaccines. And you notice Ron Wyden didn't attempt to correct Kennedy's correction because Wyden did know of. Of course he did know. And so to Kennedy's actual point when he says no vaccine is totally safe and effective for everyone, that is just obviously true. Okay? And most Americans agree with that. Now, to your point at the top of the show, Megan, the fact that doctors in hospitals try to give newborn babies hepatitis vaccines. I, I remember we asked when, when one of my children was born, we said maybe, I guess it was our first kid.


I said, why are we giving the kid a hepatitis vaccine? He's probably not gonna be sharing needles or going to brothels anytime soon. Why? Why does he need the vaccine? And, and the insinuation was all but all but stated explicitly because I dunno, maybe your husband cheated on you or maybe he's gonna cheat on you or who know? I don't know. You know? And you think, well that is so deeply offensive. This is obviously unnecessary. This precious little kid. I I don't wanna give this kid drugs that, that he doesn't need when he is, what, nine pounds or something two days after birth. That is the mainstream position. Now I think that the Democrats and the squish Republicans have not caught up with the tectonic shift that has happened in politics. They're still considering politics from 10 or 15 years ago.


But after this election, issues like mass deportations, that is now the mainstream position of most Americans. Issues like questioning the over-prescription of vaccines, the regulatory capture by big pharmaceutical companies. That is now the mainstream position for most Americans. I I think that these senators who, who haven't gotten the message, they're just so profoundly out of touch and if they continue to remain out of touch, it will be at their own electoral peril. He wasn't the only one who's been, I believe is my opinion, compromised by the amount of money they've taken from big pharma. Elizabeth Warren Pocahontas is big on the big pharma money she has, let me see, I wanna get the number correct in.


Yeah. She and Bernie Sanders are two, the two top senators who received the most pharmaceuticals or health product donations in the 2020 election cycle when they each ran for the Democratic presidential nomination, she received just under a million dollars, $822,000. And what did she do when she got her chance to question RFK J who spent his whole life suing these big pharma companies for what they've done and suing environmental toxin producers for what they've done to our lakes and our rivers and so on. Here's how that went. So, 16. So Mr. Kennedy, will you also agree that you won't take any compensation from any lawsuits against drug companies while you are secretary and for four years afterwards?


Well, I'll certainly commit to that while I'm secretary, but I I do wanna clarify something 'cause you're making me sound like a shill. I I'm asking about fees from suing drug companies. Will you agree not to do that? You are asking me to not sue drug companies and I'm not gonna agree that You drug companies as much As you want. You're asking me, Senator, you're asking me not to sue vaccine co pharmaceutical companies. I'm not. Yeah, you're stop. That's exactly what you're doing. No, kids might die, but Robert Kennedy can keep cashing in. Senator I support vaccines.


I will, I support the childhood schedule. I will do that. The only thing I want is good science. And that's it. That was actually, I thought a very effective exchange on his part. Right? Because there is a difference. I I understand what she was trying to do and it's very clear he can't be suing vaccine companies or drug companies while HHS director. That's a no brainer. She wanted him to say that he wouldn't sue vaccine or drug companies for four years after. Why? What is the incentive? Like that it doesn't make sense to me to, to put that prohibition on somebody after they've left the office.


It's not going on the payroll of any individual plaintiff who might be suing big pharma over a vaccine injury. Like that's, she's saying yes, he was receiving some payments if he pushed people to this law firm that has a lawsuit now over Gardasil, the HPV vaccine and showed that he is getting some sort of a kickback or some sort of a payment for that referral. And he is done an ad trying to tell people, if you've been injured, you can go to this law firm. That's, there's nothing inappropriate about that whatsoever. He's been very outspoken about that vaccine and does not believe in it. And there are some people, many, many people actually who say their child has been hurt by that vaccine. But she tried to turn it into the same thing as like an HHS secretary leaving and taking a job with Pfizer, which would create an incentive while in the job to just give Pfizer a pass for four years.


It didn't work the other way around. Exactly. Certainly not. And Kennedy had her number and you could tell that Senator Warren's fingers were just itching for the tomahawk when he called her out. She raised her voice. She got a little red in the face. But, but Kennedy was absolutely right. He, he seemed almost perplexed when, when he said, hold on, you're asking if I'll, if I promise not to work for the drug companies. Okay, I won't. But now you're, hold on. Now you're asking will I work against the drug companies as the HHS secretary? I, I'm just gonna follow the science and, and and on. Now you're asking if after I leave, you are clearly you, Senator Warren are clearly just chilling for the big pharmaceutical companies. And so this is the real dynamic at play here.


E every nominee is gonna be different. Every agency is going to be different. But in this case, it's not Democrats versus Republicans in this case, it's not even leftists versus conservatives. It's not over some ideological issue. The sole pushback that Kennedy is getting, but it's from a powerful force is from the pharmaceutical companies operating through the politicians that they have bought off and that they control. That's it. So the question that remains to be seen is, can Bobby Kennedy with the backing of Donald Trump, who just won a landslide election with the popular vote for the first time for a Republican in 20 years, can he overcome one single lobby in the country?


And that is the pharmaceutical lobby. We're about to get a measure of their relative power in the US Senate. You can see why they're scared. Alright, going back now to my other least favorite senator out there today, and that is Democrat Mark Warner of Virginia. He was the governor, now he's a senator. And he was dripping with disdain for Bobby. I mean it was, you could feel the negative vibration all the way across the room where I was seated. He clearly can't stand him. And by the end of his cross-examination, you really kind of wanted to punch him in the face. Don't punch him in the face, not calling for violence.


I'm just saying you like a surge built inside of you of like, this guy is a total asshole. He just felt really disrespectful. You could sense his hatred. He was shaking. By the way, I don't understand these senators who, like they shake when they cross-examine, it's kind of what they do for a living now. But here's a flavor of Mark Warner. If you are in this position, we pledge that you will not fire federal employees who work on food safety work on trying to preventing things like salmon oil. I, i i Senator, there's 91,000 employees. So that I take that as a, I take that's a simple yes and I'm gonna take that as a no, You think, well I will commit to not firing anybody who's doing their job Based on your opinion, based upon your opinion or your political agenda or Mr.


Trump's political agenda Based upon my opinion. So I guess that means a lot of the folks who've had any type of views on vaccines will be outta work. Ugh. What? Like it's just all these snide comments I don't even really understand. There was no evidence for that. All these people with vaccines are gonna be out of work. It's just every, you know, I understand you're trying to score points, but get something substantive and write it on the substance. What they kept doing was just these little snide snarky comments at the end of RFK j if they ever even let him answer Michael. And I think ineffective snide comments 'cause what was he really getting at?


The question was will you fire any of the 91,000 employees? These bureaucrats, many, if not most of whom don't even come into the office anymore since COVID at HHHS. And Kennedy said, no, I'm gonna, I'll fire people who are bad at their jobs. What do, did these democrats, senators not pay attention to the election? Donald Trump ran on firing bureaucrats. The American people voted to fire bureaucrats. That is one of the main reasons that we want Bobby Kennedy in this role, that we want all of these agency heads because these bureaucrats are ineffective. They're costing the government a lot of money. They're working against President Trump as they did in the first term. And they're undermining what the American people want.


So when Kennedy comes out and he says, yeah, I I'm gonna fire people who are bad at their jobs. And then the, the response, well, is that gonna be based on your opinion or your political agenda? Hold on. What's the difference between those? That's the, those are synonymous or Trump's agenda. Well, you know, Trump picked me for the job, so I don't, you know, three ways of saying the same thing. Will you exercise your judgment Mr. Kennedy, as the secretary of HHS to lead the department? Yes. Got you there. I think I will. Yeah. I don't know. Will You, will you work with the president to help enact his agenda? Aha. It was really, was so ineffective. It was kind of painful to have to sit there through it.


He in particular was quite painful. I wanna ask you a little bit about Link. Lauren's gonna come on. We're gonna continue the discussion about what happened here. But there is some news of the day that I would love to get to with you. And in particular, I wanna ask you about this executive order by Trump on so-called trans surgeries and procedures for minors. Another executive order, another thing of beauty, and this is what he did yesterday in part across the country today, medical professionals are maiming and sterilizing a group of impressionable children under the radical and false claim that adults can change a child's sex through a series of irreversible medical interventions.


This dangerous trend will be a stain on our nation's history, and it must end accordingly. It is the policy of the United States that it will not fund, sponsor, promote, assist, or support the so-called transition in quotes of a child from one sex to another. And it will rigorously enforce all laws that prohibit or limit these destructive and life altering procedural procedures. It calls for a reversal to the absolutely disgusting reliance on and acceptance of guidance from this group, wpath, which is really, I mean, path should stand for pathology given the way this group tries to run the, the trans medical community.


It calls for defunding of agencies that provide grants to medical schools and hospitals who are providing these treatments. So it's a threat of federal funding to your institution. If you provide these procedures on minors calls for the secretary of HHS to ensure treatments are not covered by federally funded programs such as Medicare and Medicaid. We don't want federal taxpayer money being used to fund for these. Also called to exclude chemical and surgical mutilation of children coverage from other related programs. 'cause it's not just Medicare and Medicaid that, you know, wind up getting used for this and goes on to say the DOJ shall convene state's attorneys general to coordinate the enforcement of laws against genital mutilation across all American states and territory.


It goes on and we don't have enough time to go through all of it today, but this is a thing of beauty and it will literally save lives. What did you make of it? It we, The, the, we are waiting to pop some champagne a little later today over here at The Daily Wire. This has been a hobby horse of ours for some time now, a lot of people probably first even came to be aware of Ben Shapiro when he was calling out the trans ideology on tv. And a trans identifying man threatened to beat him into a pulp and send him home in an ambulance. My first campus speaking tour, my first or second, it was very early on. It was called men or not Women and other uncomfortable truths at the time that was uncomfortable to people. Nobody has done more in the country than my colleague Matt Walsh.


To bring attention to the trans issue with this movie, what is a Woman, the Rally to End Child Mutilation? You've seen lawmakers now taking action since then, but this has been a long journey. I mean, we're talking about eight or 10 years that, that conservatives and, and to give credit also, feminists, also people who care about women's rights, also people who just care about the wellbeing of children. All sorts of people across a broad ideological coalition have said what, what radical ideologues are doing to little kids. The kind of medical experiments that are ruining their, their lives based on no kind of science whatsoever. In fact, the largest data set we have on trans procedure outcomes, long-term shows that not only do they not help, but they actually make anxiety worse, horrifying kind of medical experimentation worse than what we did in this country with lobotomies in the 1950s.


That is coming to an end. You're seeing that now in the uk in Sweden and Finland. This is a cross civilizational kind of movement to, to restore a little bit of sanity. And Trump is putting the final hammer down on this. We're not gonna mutilate kids because of, of people's ideological fantasies or sexual fetishes or anything else that is over at the federal level. Now. I wanna see that matched at the state and local level. A major, major important victory. Yeah, I mean, I, I wanna study the order more and talk with some of my lawyer friends about it, but I, he can't undo a state law that allows this stuff like these radical leftist states by executive order.


But, but he Can withhold funding. He can withhold funding from universities and lower schools and hospitals and private schools, some of which take some federal money. He can withhold money from the institutions that perform or promote these procedures. And that is huge. I mean, that's a real blessing because the almighty dollar is what they actually care about. And let lemme I mean, if he actually says we're not gonna pay, you know, Medicare funds or, or Medicaid funds at an institution doing this to children e everyone will stop. Yes, there'll be tons of legal challenges over all of this. Can it, can it be done?


Can something that's already been authorized in terms of funding by Congress be revoked by executive order in this kind of threat? And all of that must be fleshed out. But to me, what's important today is the statement, the intention and the we're not screwing around anymore. This is a scourge that will be looked back on as an infamous, horrific dereliction of morality for decades to come. And President Trump said it stops now. Yeah, that's, that's right. It, this is just the cherry on top of what has been an amazing first, what are we at nine days in office? Yeah, the the, the wind just keep on coming even I I, I was very hopeful about the, the Trump administration and he has surpassed even my expectations here.


And, and I think some of that talk early on about acquiring Greenland, about renaming the Gulf of Mexico, about designating the Mexican cartel's terrorist organizations about retaking the Panama Canal. You know, some of this talk about really throwing around America's weight and the power of the White House in ways that we haven't seen explicitly in many years. In many ways, I think that was setting the stage for some of these kinds of issues for this exact executive order, which is to say FAFO. Okay. Don't think that I'm joking. Yeah, don't think I won't do it. The fact that when Columbia rejected those flights of criminal migrants that were going back down to them and Trump immediately slapped 25% tariffs, economic sanctions threatened to jump the tariffs to 50% a week later.


Thi this is him saying, guys, I'm really not bluffing. Okay? And unpredictability is one of Trump's great geopolitical strengths. And he, he had seven, eight days already to say, guys, please do not test me. I'm, I am pleading with you. Don't make me do to you what I am threatening to do. I think if I were an institution receiving federal money, that that was harming and abusing children in the way that the protran crowd has, I would be very, very cautious. Yeah. If, if the morality of it, the immorality of it doesn't make them stop, maybe the threat of losing federal funding will, because that's why they do it to the point you made earlier. It, it costs a lot of money to have these procedures and then they have a patient for life in both the hospital and with big pharma.


Two other points. I just wanna make one question and one point you mentioned what happened in Columbia. That's one of the things I'm gonna be talking about when I sit down tomorrow. Just a programming note for, with Marco Rubio, our new senator, our secretary of State, in his first long form interview. So tomorrow, in his first long form interview, secretary of State, Marco Rubio sits with yours truly. And 100% we are going to be talking about the message that was sent to Columbia and all other nations when it comes to Trump's FAFO policies. 'cause he's the guy who's gonna have to be the face of those with most of these nations. So looking forward to that. Then secondly, I can't let you go without asking you about the historic legislation that Donald Trump just signed into law, the Laken Riley Act.


Michael, this is like, it's bittersweet. You know, this 22-year-old nursing student with her entire life in front of her was brutalized by this illegal, who had no business being here, who had been caught for lesser violations in New York and then put back out on the street to hurt somebody else. They didn't care. New York City, New York State are both sanctuary cities and states. They put him back out on the street. He went down to Georgia and he killed this young promising innocent woman. And today with support, it was bipartisan. You know, by, by a lot. I mean, we had some 43 Democrats who crossed over. The vast majority still didn't, but still there was a fair amount of bipartisan support on this.


President Trump signed this, his first piece of leg legislation into law saying if you arrest somebody, yes, obviously for a major crime, but even for a minor crime, they must be referred to the feds. And that state's, attorney generals, attorneys General have the right, if they are in a state that where, where federal, in lack of enforcement of these policies leads to problems within their state, they have the right to sue the Feds for not enforcing a law. And that's obviously for down the line when the Trump administration's gone, if there's a, like a Kamala Harris administration and we open the borders back up again and we lean into these sanctuary jurisdictions, it's empowering the red states and the border states to do something about it.


God rest her soul. I it's not a, it's not, it's never something you would celebrate. It's just her death was not meaningless. It it wasn't meaningless. Let me just play you Michael, her mom reacting today at the signing ceremony. We also wanna thank President Trump for the promises he made to us. He said he would secure our borders and that he would never forget about Lagan. And he hasn't. He's a man of his word. We trust that he will fight for the American people. Most importantly, I wanna thank our Lord and Savior Jesus Christ because without his sacrifices lake's story would've ended on that horrific day that she was taken from us.


But because of him, we can continue living knowing that we will see Lincoln again. Amen. There's no amount of change that will ever bring back our precious lake. And our hope moving forward is that her life saves lives. We're so thankful that her passion for helping others and her legacy, for doing good in the name of Jesus Christ will carry on. Thank you. Thank you. Alison Phillips, Lakin's mom. And when she teared up, president Trump, who was standing behind her, reached out and rubbed her back. Just a small, sweet, kind gesture from a man who made sure that young woman did not die in vain in an emotional day.


Michael. And what a, what a message from President Trump who ran first and foremost more than anything else on the immigration issue. That's right. Immigration and law and order. And, and so what a, what a beautiful statement from Lake and Riley's mother and a beautiful act to sign this law. The Democrats had made a deal. They said, look, we are going to keep the border open and we know that's gonna bring some criminals in, but it's gonna help us electorally and it might give us a permanent electoral majority. And yeah, some Americans are gonna be murdered and some Americans are gonna be raped and some Americans are going to be a run rough shot over. But you know, you can't make an omelet without cracking some eggs. That was it, that was the calculation that the Democrats made.


It's hideous, it's evil, it's deeply immoral. That was their calculation. And Trump today said, no, no more. The best argument against the Lake and Riley act that you could hear, I believe it was Adam Schiff who made it for these, from the Democrats in Congress and in the Senate. They said, we won't vote for this law because we don't wanna arrest a dreamer for stealing a tube of toothpaste. Give me a break. First of all, the dreamers are in their mid forties now. Second of all, no one is, is stealing a tube of toothpaste. Okay? The, the man who mur murdered Lake and Riley stole hundreds of dollars of merchandise from a Walmart. And they let him off the hook because the Democrats didn't wanna enforce immigration law for selfish partisan reasons. And there was inappropriate behavior with a minor.


There was also an separate, they still let him the hook inappropriate that That's right. They let him off again. And the, the central political insight here that Trump has, that is lost on the Democrats or the Democrats don't wanna acknowledges people who habitually commit crimes are gonna keep committing crimes. That that's, it's, it's actually an insight about human nature, which is why this legislation should be such common sense. If you break into our country illegal illegally, first of all, you should just be deported for that. But even if you won't be deported for that, if you then go on to start committing other crimes, it's going to be a good bet that you're going to keep doing that. One does not commit theft and commit lascivious acts and then just, just out of the blue for no reason, straighten up and fly.


Right? That's not how it works. And, and so this should have been passed unanimously in the House and Senate. The fact that these democrats, that many many Democrats voted against, this is a national disgrace, it's a scandal. They should be ashamed of themselves, they should resign. If we had any integrity in our government at, at least though there is the beginning of a restoration of common sense and dignity in our government. I have to say, it's like I, you know, that night before the election, Michael, I showed up at, in Pittsburgh to speak for Trump, and we didn't know if he was gonna win or lose at that point, but I wanted to respond to the allegation that he wouldn't protect women. He had said he'd be a protector of women, and his critics on the left rolled their eyes and made fun of him and said it was an absurdity.


And one of the names I mentioned that night was Lake and Riley. That, that, that's who I would be thinking of when I voted for Donald Trump. And I was, and to see her mom there today, who, you know, it's like, my God, your worst nightmare. But his empathy toward her, and I mean, really the empathy is manifested in the language of that now law that he signed in his first act. And then when it was all said and done, after she spoke and they hugged, he gave her the pen that I was like kind of emotional thinging about it. He gave her the pen that he signed that bill and the law with, and that's what she has now. And she has that instead of her daughter.


It's meaningful, but it's not enough. And what really needs to happen is, is the Democrats who put these policies into place, and they are still in place in many cities and states like the, the one I grew up in New York, that they need to be punished, they need to be removed from power. And this can never be allowed to happen again. I'll give you the last word, E Exactly right, Meghan. And part of the reason that Trump can do this is because he received a mandate from the American people. Things had spun so far out of control. And there were a lot of people who said, I've never voted Republican before. I've been told Trump is a bad guy. I don't know. You know, is he really gonna protect this group or that group or the American interest? And they voted for him on, on a gamble.


And he has proven them right. He has proven himself worthy of their trust. If the man did nothing more in office than he's done in the first nine days of his second term, frankly, he, he would still be a successful president. And obviously he's just getting started. I think he has, he has proved his supporters right. He's proved his naysayers wrong. I can't wait to see what happened next week. Amen. Thank you so much for being here. Thank you, Megan. Great to be with you as always. Wow. The great Michael Knowles. Loved talking to him. Up next link, Lauren. He worked on RFK J'S presidential campaign and he will give his perspective on what we saw at today's hearing. Don't go away.


There's a real and growing threat to your home and your equity, and it's called title fraud. Here's how it works. Criminals can forge a single document, file it with a recorder, and just like that, your home is stolen, your title of your home is stolen. They take out loans against your property, draining your equity, and you would not even know it until it's too late. Here's the really scary part. Credit monitoring will not protect you from this, but I do wanna tell you about Home Title Lock to protect your home inequity. Their exclusive triple lock protection gives you 24 7 monitoring of your home's title, urgent alerts. If there are any changes in a team of experts to help restore your title, if fraud happens at no extra cost, the bottom line, your home's your biggest investment, don't leave it vulnerable. The Home Title Lock is offering an exclusive 25% off their protection plans. Just go to Home Title Lock dot com. Use promo code Megan 25 to get 25% off your subscription and to free title history report to ensure that you are not already a victim. Protect your home inequity today. That's Home Title Lock dot com. Promo code Megan 25.


The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world, and it just stepped up enforcement for 2025. If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, don't wait for the IRS to come to you. Simply avoiding your tax troubles is the worst thing you can do. Getting ahead of this is the smart move, but you might not wanna contact the IRS alone. You could turn it over to the team at Tax Network USA. Why? Because not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS, which means they know which agents to deal with and which to avoid. Tax Network. USA has proven strategies that are designed to settle your tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, their attorneys and negotiators have resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists for free and stop the threatening letters. Stop looking over your shoulder and put your IRS troubles behind you once and for all. Call 1 809 0 5 8,000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. That's tn usa.com/megan.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


We're gonna do more now on the RFK J confirmation hearing today, where I attended in person, it was eye-opening in some unexpected ways, was very pleased to be seated next to Callie. And Casey means we love them. They're right at the heart of the Maha movement. And one of the reasons I want him to be confirmed so badly is I have every expectation that those two will be very involved in whatever projects he pursues there. I mean, Callie is a whistleblower from inside of the corrosive big food industry who saw the light exited and then has been jumping up and down about the toxins that are being put in our, in our food supply ever since. And Dr. Casey means wrote good energy.


She's been on the show numerous times. She's brilliant. Stanford trained doctor was a surgeon at Stanford Post finishing her residency or Oregon, I can't remember. Anyway, the point is Stanford. Stanford And she walked away from a very lucrative career as a surgeon because she was sick and tired of seeing what big medicine was doing to us. It just, they the incentive to keep us sick to never solve anything. So those two were there front and center right behind the Kennedy family, many of whom sat right behind their dad, their husband, their cousin. As you know, it's a big family and it's not without its losers. We'll get to that. Joining me now to discuss it, our friend link, Lauren, who is a former senior advisor to RFK J during his presidential campaign link.


Welcome back. Thanks for having me, Megan. Great to be here. Alright, so what was your take on what we witnessed this morning? I thought that went amazing for Bobby, but it was an utter calamity for most of those Senate Democrats. I mean, Elizabeth Warren can't figure out what nationality she is, but she's screeching about big pharma. Bernie Sanders was pointing to the onesies. That was an utter calamity as well. I think these senators should spend less time talking to lobbyists and donors, more time talking to their constituents because their constituents will tell them they're on board with the Maha movement. We have a chronic disease crisis in this country and they're behind Bobby, whether he's perfect or not. Exactly right. It was amazing when he, I think we have this actually, when he left the hearing room at the end of the day, they broke out into cheers.


Not the senators, the spectators who are in the audience. Here it is, This hearing will be adjourned. I still encourage the audience to be polite and respectful no matter what side of the issues you may be on. And Mr. Kennedy, I look forward to working with you. Thank you, Mr. Chairman, for adjourn. You just don't see that every day where like he, he's the head of a movement link. That's what they don't seem to be getting. No, and I mean, I got to witness it firsthand. I saw him get up every single day and be that warrior on the front lines of the chronic disease epidemic in our country. I mean, Kamala Harris, during her 107 day campaign, she didn't even mention the chronic disease crisis.


She had nothing to say about it. I watched Bobby Kennedy get up, go out there and talk to the people about the issues that mattered to them. The fact that kids in this country are sicker than they've ever been before. So these senators, the mainstream media, some of his family members, they want to go to these smear campaigns. That's not what affects people. What affects them is a sick child and trying to get answers. Yes. And as I said, there were moms in the audience with their children today trying to send a message to these senators that they mean business, the like. These mama bears, I think are so largely responsible for this even happening, right? His for Maha, for RFK J getting elevated in some part for Trump winning, even if they might not have loved Trump himself.


They got to the polls because they believed that he would make good on his promises on Maha. And he's doing that with this appointment. The family members are disgusting, not those who showed up today. But Caroline Kennedy, who's the daughter of JFK and her son Yes. Writes her son Jack Schlossberg. I don't know which one was worse, but let me start with sick. Caroline Kennedy. Who, what I mean Caroline Kennedy. I realize your dad was president. Like, okay, good for you is a long time ago. But I, and then you are a big Democrat donor. So they made you ambassador to Australia, which doesn't mean you know anything, anything at all. But she still thinks that people wanna hear from her. And I guess in some leftist circles they do, because she's got the name Kennedy.


Okay. He was killed in 1963. It's like, she was cute. She's like the little daughter. We ended up part of Camelot, which was a lie anyway. But it's like, who is like, gee, I, I really wanna hear from Caroline Kennedy about RFK J and what he was like 30 years ago. Here she is in a video that is a reenactment of a letter that, that was mentioned by some democrats today. I've known Bobby my whole life. We grew up together. It's no surprise that he keeps birds of prey as as pets because Bobby himself is a predator. I watch his younger brothers and cousins follow him down the path of drug addiction. His basement, his garage, his dorm room were always the center of the action where drugs were available.


And he enjoyed showing off how he put baby chickens and mice in a blender to feed to his hawks. It was often a perverse scene of despair and violence. Bobby was able to pull himself out of illness and disease. I admire the discipline that took and the continuing commitment it requires. But siblings and cousins who, Bobby and courage down the path of substance abuse, suffered addiction, illness, and death. While Bobby has gone on to misrepresent lie and cheat his way through life. I mean, just to recap, I I, I admire him, but he caused family members deaths.


And he's a liar and a cheat and also a predator. Well, none of which was actually supported in her little shtick. Not to mention the Kennedy family addictions, which have a long history that predates RFK J Link. Absolutely. I mean, I've got a big Irish family. There are a bunch of drunks and alcoholics in my family. My mom's been sober for over 30 years. I'm glad she is sober. I've gone with her to get her chips. She got to know Bobby on the campaign. So much of his brand is his grit and authenticity. He was open every single day in every stump speech, in every interview about how he found God and found sobriety. And he is been sober, I think since the seventies, at least for 40 or so years.


So I thought Caroline Kennedy's video was an absolute joke. She's sitting in some dirty, messy, disorganized office. I wish we could send her back down under to Australia. I would also question the veracity of her claims made in the video. There's this narrative that his family doesn't support him. That is antithetical to what I experienced on the campaign. Megan, at every single event, he was surrounded by family members. They volunteered, they knocked on doors, they phone banked. If you go to his house in Brentwood, he is family asleep on every sofa, every couch. They're out in the back playing. So this notion that they don't support him is just untrue. And I found it really embarrassing to weaponize his past issues with addiction against him, especially given the other circumstances.


I found that to be just a really low blow in a moment of desperation. The nerve to try to blame the can the Kennedy family addiction problem on one Kennedy. Right? Right. Maybe he did do drugs with, or drink with other family members. You know, who else did your uncle Teddy Caroline, who was a, one of the biggest drunks we've ever seen in public service, to the point where he killed a woman. He killed Mary Jo Ney when they drove off a bridge in Chappaquidick, and as the car was falling to the ground under the water, he left her, he walked away and waited hours before reporting it.


So maybe you should talk about addiction problems with a different branch of the family, not to mention her own father's pill popping, which has become so legendary that now it gets talked about. Like we had an active addict as a president in the White House, but it's all Bobby Kennedy's fault for introducing people to, or doing drugs with some other family members. Now she wants to blame it all on him. I mean, link, it totally undermined her credibility. And like she, she tried to come at it as like, I have a very close family. I love my family. I'm very sorry to tell you he's a predator and a Drunk and got everyone Drunk and addicted.


And then they died because of him. Yeah. I can think of several family members. I wouldn't want to sponsor anybody. I don't think they are, you know, 12 steps success stories. And I'm only speaking for myself. I don't want Bobby to call and yell at me, which he is not shy to do. But Caroline Kennedy. Yeah, the timing was just way too convenient for me. But it was like crack for Democrats and M-S-N-B-C last night. They were eating up that video. My woke liberal friends in New York were sending it to me going, good for her. You go girl. And I'm like, you need to get out and touch grass. Okay. This is a joke. Right, Right, right. Okay. But now can you speak to, as somebody who knows him well, the, the baby chickens and the mice in the blender led to a perverse scene of despair and violence.


That's what she accused him of housing in, in some basement where baby chickens were being sacrificed. It's not funny. Forgive me, pet, I'm not laughing at the baby chickens. It's just, I'm laughing at the desperation and the attempt to take him down. Perverse scene of despair and violence by this predator who lies and cheats. But I love him. He kills my relatives, but I love him. I don't think we're winning any awards from Peta Meghan. So I think we're safe. You know, she had no evidence to back up her claims. And I know I'm sort of part journalist, part operative, part influencer, but the journalist in me is like, if you're gonna make these claims and call someone a predator on video, one of your family members, why don't you have any evidence to back it up?


And when she talked about him collecting birds of prey, I think what she's referring to is he loves to go Falcon. He's been Falcon for years and decades. He's taken disadvantaged people out. Falcon handicapped people out Falcon for Charity. We had many Falcon events on our campaign where people got to go out and nature and experience that with him. We did a falcon event with Donald Trump, Jr. All the pictures are online. It was a huge success. So this notion that he collects birds a prey, let's give the actual backstory that he likes to go out in nature and play with these falcons, which he's been doing for decades. And all the pictures are online. I, I kind of wanna know more like I were they live mice, live baby chickens.


Because I'm just saying like, we all eat adult chickens like many times a week. It's not right. It's not nice. But we do it 'cause we're at the top of the food chain, the mice, I mean, it's sad, but you can go to Petco right now and buy a bunch of live mice to feed to your pet snake or your pet whatever. I don't, whatever. It's like, it's a thing. The baby chickens, I dunno, that's weird. But I, I kind of wanna know more. I'm glad it didn't come up today, but I don't try that at home. Justin, I thought today there were so many things that could have been brought up. I was like, yes, we got through that. Me too. A million other things that could have been brought up. Megan and I used to keep a list on the campaign of every horrible thing that could be brought up in interviews. So when we did like little media trainings or we'd do some interview prep when he was gonna go on tv, I would keep my running list.


They didn't touch on any of that. And like I said though, most Americans, they don't expect perfection from their elected officials. They love Donald Trump, Pete Hegseth, RFK. They just want someone who will fight for them. So these smear campaigns, they haven't worked thus far. The guy's still standing. Yeah. Alright. So the apple didn't fall far from the tree because her son Jack Schlossberg posted a video about a week ago, which is really despicable. It appears to be making fun of Bobby's speech issue. His vocal chord issue. Yes. Here it is. Hey everybody. I, I'm trying to figure out the right present to get Donald Trump.


Trump for the inauguration. So I found a really rare animal and killed it. And I'm gonna give it to him. How many leftists? Absolutely laid into Donald Trump in 1516 because on the campaign trail, they accused him of mocking a reporter's disability, which Trump denied. He was doing. Not a peep, not, there was so many likes on this video. It was no Republican liking that shit. Right. Who would do that to a family member? I found that absolutely disgusting. To come out and attack your family publicly is just embarrassing.


It feels very reality show Kardashian to me. It's not something I will ever support. And Jack Schlosberg, I have never met him. I can only speak from what I see. I'm not a big fan. I thought that video was gross. You can discuss, you know, what people believe in. You can discuss, you know, the merits of their work and you can discuss, you know, Bobby's policies. But to attack him for having spasmodic dysphonia was a really low blow and really just made Jack look bad to me. I also have to point out, Kerry Kennedy and other members of the family have the same condition. So I don't think they probably felt good watching That too. Right? I mean, it, it's like you wanna, I I just feel like the, his deceased grandfather would be d shocked, would be horrified.


And by the way, Caroline Kennedy is like, I don't try to speak for my father or my uncle, but they would both think, think he's a disgrace. So now she wants us to know she's vouching for the fact that Bobby's father would find his own son, who's just an uncle to her absolutely disgraceful. But she never speaks for him nor her own father who also would hate RFK J. Absolutely. They kind of pushed this narrative that Bobby's dined out on his last name. No, he hasn't. He is not even that wealthy, as we've seen in the financial disclosures. He's not dining out on his last name. And he's also the patriarch of the Kennedy family. I think a lot of the other ones who had postings in the Biden administration, you could argue they've been dining out and curing favor based on their last name.


Jack Schlossberg. I don't know if he's works. He seems to have a lot of free time. I wish I had that much free time in my day to sit around making videos, making fun of people, and firing off 5,000 tweets. But I don't So maybe go find some employment and find a job. Yeah, he's been in the news a lot this past year and none of it has been good. Then there's this, this is so Kennedy and I'm talking about modern day Kennedy. We weren't around right when the true alleged Camelot was around, but that was no Camelot either. JFK was banging everything with legs. I mean, it was like absolutely no loyalty or faithfulness to his wife, including the White House intern. Sounds like a Good time to me. Okay. I'm just like, okay, whatever. Yeah, we were sold a bag of goods because they were Democrats. They weren't doing that to the Republicans.


Those people were getting impeached thanks to Woodward and Bernstein. But Maria Shriver weighs in now on the Caroline Kennedy video. Yes. Just to like, we we're such good people. Oh my God, we're so good. We Kennedy's we're so strong and we always do the right thing. Except for him. He's, he's the black sheep. She on X posted in response to Caroline's video. Courage is when you do something hard, heartbreaking and painful and you do it anyway. Love you Caroline. Always have. Always will. Okay. So that this is too superfluous wording. She said the same thing twice. But in any event, this is so Kennedy, right?


Like I'm digging the dagger into my loved one at his moment of need, like the most important moment of his life. I'm trying my best to absolutely humiliate him and kill his chances. And I'm noble. Just in case you didn't know how noble I am and how noble our family is. Here I am Maria Shriver to tell you that. No, absolutely. I thought it was really funny to give her a profiles and courage. Like I said, she's sitting in a messy, disorganized room reading a written statement, you know, the day before Bobby's confirmation hearing. I think it just seems so obvious to all of us who are living in reality. But if you're in that liberal mainstream media echo chamber, you're eating all of that up. You want Bobby to go down so hard. So they're just grabbing onto anything.


Megan, Okay, I guess Schlossberg this the guy, this is again, JFK's grandson, Caroline's son. Apple Tree posted this today. We have it cut. He's decided he really does like making fun of family members and others. No. Oh, it's a tweet. Okay. At which it's a post. Okay. Which is responding to Nicole Shanahan. In fact, let me set it up. Here's what Nicole Shanahan, oh, he said she was hot posted and yeah. And then here's how, here's his response. Here's Nicole Shanahan warning, the senators who are beaten up on RFK J Today In 2020, I cut large checks to Chuck Schumer to help Democrats flip two Senate seats in Georgia from red to blue.


The two candidates I helped elect Senator Raphael Warnock and Senator John Ossoff. Please know I will be watching your votes very closely. I will make it my personal mission that you lose your seats in the Senate if you vote against the future health of America's children. And more than that, I also wanna say to senators Mitch McConnell, Lindsey Graham, Lisa Markowski, Susan Collins, bill Cassidy, Tom Tillis, James Langford, Cory Booker, John Federman, Bernie Sanders, and Catherine Cortez Masto. This is a bipartisan message and it comes directly from me. While Bobby May be willing to play nice, I won't, if you vote against him, I will personally fund challengers to primary you in your next election.


And I will enlist hundreds of thousands to join me. You're either on the side of transparency and accountability, or you are standing in the way. The choice is yours. Please choose wisely. Right on Nicole. So his response was, she's literally so hot. Who knew? Cannot imagine a senator being intimidated by this bird. That is the perfect tweet that is exact. That is leftism in a nutshell, right? Like if Tucker Carlson ever remarked on how hot Nicole Shanahan is, he'd be getting called a sexist pig by everyone over on Jack Schloss Berg's side of the aisle.


So he puts it in their why to diminish her. He's actually using it to diminish her down to her appearance, as we see with the follow up line, which shows he is not her fan. Cannot imagine a senator being intimidated by this bird. This bird what? Like this little breakable, sad, weak little thing. Who's scary to no one? Right? So it's like, try to knock her down by reducing her gesture, her looks, then insult her as a weakling who no one is afraid of. This is the party that is pro-woman, right? Not, not, not Trump, not RFK J. 'cause he flew the coop to stay on the bird motif. It's perfectly on brand. Absolutely. But this is what being a Democrat is about. If you look at Jack Schlosberg, he got to go on stage and speak at the DNC Bill Clinton.


He's been terrible. He's the patriarch of that party. He got to speak at the DNC Kamala Harris. She's a disaster. She got to be the candidate. So the Democrats, it's always the role. Doug Hof for the, not for me. Yeah, Doug Imhoff as well. It's the rules for the, not for me. So if a Republican went out there and said someone was hot or sexy, like you said, they would be called a sexist pig. But Nicole Shanahan, she's a much more formidable force than I think people realize. I was one of the first people who got to meet her on the campaign. I was on the VP committee, which I was grateful to be a part of. And Nicole's a very formidable person. I think she's been written off, but she has a lot in store for the future. So this also happened on the View today where Joy Behar referred to the new press secretary, Caroline Levitt, who did an amazing job this week.


She's, she's green and she's young, but she's very strong. Very strong. And she's, she's gonna get even better. This is why she thinks Trump chose her. Listen, I think Claire, she's probably been put in there because according to Donald Trump, she's a 10. You know, that's what it's, I, I wanna be clear though. So that's why he chose Caroline Levitt, according to the tolerant left, because of her looks. And I posted this out online, it's again, it's an attempt to diminish her. Right? You know, she's, she's nothing more than a pretty face. She can't be taken seriously. But I think you made this point on my show, like, let's face it, we really are making America hot again like this, right? I said we're about to have the hottest cabinet And let's face it, Republicans in general these days, like that New York Magazine cover, I don't know, I just feel like Republicans are all about these days making an effort, pulling yourself together, presenting yourself.


Well you know, they, there is an unusual percentage of good looking people who support Donald Trump. I don't know what it is. And then on the left you have these lunatics, shaving their heads, wearing their blue bracelets, having their enormous reading glasses everywhere. Like it's not a good look. It's not something young people are gonna wanna be associated with. And back to the original point, joy Behar would be ripping on Jesse Waters if he said the only reason Joe Biden selected somebody was because she was a 10. The, I can't think of anybody in his cabinet who'd come up anyway, whatever. What are your thoughts on it? Well, like I said before, we're about to have the hottest cabinet in American history. It is shaping up right now.


Maha stands for Make America Hot Again, just between me and my friends. So that's what's coming down the pike. And I'm sorry, the Republican party is kind of the big tent, cool party right now. New York Magazine can kind of do their fancy footwork and try to denigrate them. But the Republican Party is the cool kids table right now. And you played that clip from the View where they're talking about Caroline Levitt's looks And she was hired because she's a 10 to Donald Trump. I can tell you nobody on the view was hired for their looks. So we can check that off right there. But it's jealousy. There is a double, it's jealousy. There is a double standard there that if you're Republican and you speak on a woman's looks, then somehow you're sexist. But Democrats can do it all day long and they get a pass and they're praised and they get to fail upward. All right, now back to the hearing.


I wanna ask you a question. So we, we, we cannot afford to lose four senators, you know, and right four Republicans unless a Democrat crosses over. But we're not sure if there are any such Democrats willing to cross over. They should because as we saw a lot of these swing states where these Democrats come from voted for Trump, they voted for Trump. So it's not, now Rhode Island is not one of them, though. Rhode Island is blue is very blue. But Sheldon White House a Democrat who just really did this a, a soliloquy at during his questioning, which I said actually some of it made a lot of sense in terms of like what's happening to our grannies and elder care. So it was kind of a safe place to go. 'cause it wasn't about how bad Trump is or Republicans are or RFK J has been.


It really wasn't though. There was a tinge of it. So, but there's a lot of questioning about whether he could be a deed to crossover even though he is in a blue state because right, they went to law school together. I think they were in each other's weddings. I think there are other like a long, long friendship between the two of them. Not sure if it's still in existence. Certainly didn't sound like it given the way Sheldon White House signed off his little soliloquy. Today we have a little bit of a cut. I'm gonna ask you about him and then I'm gonna ask you about the Republican Senator Cassidy who people are worried about. So they're hoping for White House to cross and they're hoping that Cassidy will not fall down and go with the RFK J haters.


First. Here's the Democrat from Rhode Island, Sheldon White House. Mr. Kennedy, I only have five minutes with you, so, and I've got a lot of experience with CMS. So you're just gonna have to listen. Two things. One, if you want to move from advocacy to public responsibility, Americans are gonna need to hear a clear and trustworthy recantation of what you have said on vaccinations and making indisputably clear that you support mandatory vaccinations against diseases where that will keep people safe.


You're in that hole pretty deep. We've just had a measles case in Rhode Island, the first, since 2013. And frankly, you frighten people. I've said a lot, my time is out. You're welcome to respond in writing. He, he didn't give him the chance to say one thing in response. But how do you like RFK j's chances with Senator White House? I'm really not sure. I'm really down the middle on a lot of this. I thought Senator White House was entertaining when he was going granny's in the car, granny's in the kitchen and granny's here. I'm like, where is granny? What's going on with this? So, I don't know. I'm hoping that the Republicans will file, rank and get it together.


Trump won the landslide, won this Vic Trump won this election in a landslide. He won the popular vote, the electoral college, the house, the Senate. He should be able to have the cabinet he wants the same way Joe Biden got to have everybody he wanted. He had Pete Buttigieg as Secretary of Transportation and the only qualifications he had were fixing potholes in South Bend, Indiana. And he was an utter calamity. So I think if Joe Biden got to have his cabinet, the Republicans need to get it together for Donald Trump. And you can also look at the other health officials we had the last four years. Rachel Levine, who's pretty much an overweight man in address, has been dictating health policy. Why don't we have, you have someone who actually knows about the chronic disease epidemic in this country.


Thank you. I honestly, these Democrats got behind Rachel Levine and celebrated his elevation to being the alleged first female. Whatever the role was, I don't have the exact title. It's not a female, it's a man. It's a man who lived his whole life as a man. Went to med school as a man who practiced as a man, raised a family as a man. And I, I think at 53 decided he was gonna start masquerading as a woman right after a lifetime of being a man and having some of the advantages that come with that, especially during the time he grew up when it comes to getting into med, med school and so on. But then actually wanted us to celebrate him as the first female this and the first female that as though he had climbed any of the same hills we had fuck off, sir.


And take off that ridiculous dress that they all loved him. Rachel Levine's, like the face of HHS under Joe Biden, but Robert Kennedy, he's too much of a kook link. We can't vote for that. Absolutely. The Democrats, the last four years under Joe Biden had no problem with an overweight man in address dictating health policy. But they have an issue with Robert f Kennedy Jr. Who's been on the front lines of these issues for years. And I wish they would just come clean and admit it. 90% of our healthcare costs in this country go toward chronic disease that is $4 trillion a year. This is an embarrassment for the United States, the most prosperous nation on earth. We've got the sickest people on earth. This isn't okay. And if we've been trying it one way and it's been an absolute disaster, God forbid we try something new and give Robert f Kennedy Jr.


A chance. Okay. I do wanna show you the Republican Senator Cassidy, who's a doctor, was very forensic in his approach. There was no warmth whatsoever emanating off of him. And I was not able to read him if, if I had to put him down right now as a yes or no, I'd say he is leaning, no was given how cold he seemed toward Bobby. But I don't know anything about him to be perfectly honest. So here he is. What will you do about dual eligibles? About Dual eligibles? Well, dual eligibles are not right now served very well under the system.


Those are people who are eligible for both Medicaid and Medicare. I And you know, the, the I I suppose my answer to that is to make sure that the, that the programs are consolidated. That they're integrated. How Do you propose that we integrate those programs? Does Medicare pay more Medicare pay less Medicaid, pay more Medicaid pay less? How do we do that? Well the, I I, I'm not exactly sure because I'm not in there. What thoughts do you have regarding Medicaid reform? Well, Medicaid is not working for Americans and it's specifically not working for the tar target population.


Most Americans, like myself, I'm on Medicare Advantage and I'm very happy with it. Most people who are on Medicaid are not happy. The premiums are too high, the deductibles are too high. So I realize that was a very boring clip, but I Right cut it that way so that the audience could see what he was doing to him. And you know, he's not actually going to be directly atop of Medicare. That's gonna be Dr. Hmm. If he gets confirmed he's gonna be running Medicare. But they thought it was fair game. Right? 'cause it's under NIH. Right. And I think that Senator Cassidy was already well aware that Bobby Kennedy was gonna have difficulty answering those questions. It's not something he's talked about in the campaign trail.


It's not really part of his mission. Of course he, he'll have somebody there who can oversee this, but Right. The senator knew all that. So he, I think he was trying to embarrass him while not looking like a complete prick. Right. Looking like he was staying on topic. Which does not give me a lot of hope. And I don't think McConnell's gonna vote for Kennedy. And I don't have high hopes after Hegseth of Collins and Murkowski. And if that calculation is true, that's four down which kills the nomination. So he would need a dem. And now we're on shaky ground. I, that's my own back of the envelope math they link. I don't know what you're hearing, So I'm definitely listening to what you're hearing and I'm agreeing with you.


But I want to be careful not to criticize Senator Cassidy too much. 'cause I'm hoping we can win him over in the next few days. And if there's one thing I know about Bobby, he is willing to listen and work with anybody. Our campaign was a cornucopia of very different voices. We had people who were pro-life, pro-choice. We had these debates openly. We talked about what should we do with the border, what should we do with this? Doesn't matter if you're, you know, a lifelong person who's been in politics, Bobby Kennedy will listen to you, sit down with you and hear what you have to say and work with you in good faith. So I hope Senator, Senator Cassidy votes yes on Robert Kennedy jr's confirmation because I think he will be able to work with him. But like you said, I think he was trying to ask about Medicare and Medicaid and all these things. But the overarching theme of the day for me watching the confirmation hearings, Megan, and you'll have to tell me if you agree, they've been around in DC for decades.


Some of these people have been in the Senate a very long time. So they're interrogating Bobby Kennedy, what are you gonna do about this? What are you gonna do about that? You guys are the ones who've been around for decades overseeing the chronic disease epidemic's. True. It's like when Trump was debating Kamala Harris and Kamala Harris said, when I get in office on day one, I'm gonna secure the border sweetheart, you have been there four years. You went down to the border for 20 minutes. So should have put a whata I think with a lot of these senators. You're in office now, Kamala. Yeah. I mean that's the crazy thing is we're coming off of four years of Democrat rule. The Democrats had control of HHS and the White House. Right? Like why I love like the long, these are the problem. Buy, buy the Democrats, Sheldon, white House's, whole bid on how bad it is for granny.


The Democrats have been in power, why didn't anything happen? But now he's disgusted at like, nobody works with me. He is like, well you know what, this is a lifelong friend. If you, if you would treat him nicely, maybe he would work with you. Even if you don't treat him nicely, he's probably gonna work with you. Here was RFK J kind of speaking to the point of he's been a Democrat his entire life. Right? But there's a fair amount of TDS obviously in politics and certainly in that hearing room today, that was coloring the way people were coming. For him, it's sat 19 And all these Democrats are opposed to me for partisan issues. They used to be, my friends agreed with me on all the environmental issues that I've been working on for my whole career.


Now they're against me because anything that President Trump does, any decision he makes has to be lampoon, derided, discredited, marginalized, vilified. It was a great, it was a great answer. And my, my favorite part though, link after the onesie, make onesies great again. That was my favorite part of the whole hearing. When Bernie's like, do you favor this onesie? Will you promise to get this onesie? Like, who cares Senator? I think it was just mad they didn't make them in adult sizes. I think Bernie wanted them and they just didn't come in adult sizes. That was the problem. This Mittens. This little mittens. Yes. But this moment was my absolute favorite one of the day sought five.


I don't wanna take food away from anybody. If you like a cheeseburger, a McDonald's cheeseburger or a diet Coke, which my boss loves and I, you should be able to get them. If you want to eat hostess Winky, you should be able to do that. But you should know what the impacts are on your family and on your health. Perfect pitch. Perfect. Both in its messaging and his humor and the call out to Trump. Absolutely. And if there's one thing I know about Bobby, he doesn't want to take anything away from people. He said, I'm not going to take away vaccines. I think some of the senators overlooked that. Conveniently, when they were interrogating him today, he said he doesn't want to take away vaccines.


He respects the Dobbs decision. He's a lifelong attorney. He respects the Supreme Court. He has said he has no intention of doing anything to reverse Dobbs, to undermine Trump's views on abortion over the next four years at HHS. But they just wanna overlook these things. To have some political theater, to have a moment. I thought one of the best comments he made was how there aren't any Republican or Democrat children in this country. There are American children who are sicker than ever before. It's an embarrassment that more kids than ever have asthma, childhood diabetes, and all these other issues. And nobody, the last four years under Biden has wanted to discuss that. And I understand there are a lot of perverse incentives in Washington dc a lot of lobbying. The pharmaceutical lobby is very strong, especially with some of the senators who are up there today.


But it's time to Make America Healthy Again. Otherwise, I don't know what happens to us if we continue down this path for more years. Yeah, he was talking about how the people in Japan still have a 3% obesity rate. They haven't ex gone up exponentially like we have in the United States with all of our processed food and the way we eat. And Kennedy's been talking a long time about the right, the, the rise in autism, the rise in ticks, the rise in allergies. Why are we seeing it? And his theory is it's because we are swimming in a sea of toxins every day in our food supply, in our water supply, in our, the air we breathe in the, in the furniture. We sit on everywhere. And it's time we get really honest about what those things are and whether we can eliminate them from our daily diet.


And I use the term diet to encompass all of that, not just the food that we take in. It would be so encouraging, uplifting, I dunno, gimme something to feel good about and all of us to have somebody, the top of H hhs, who's even thinking about that stuff link, you know, who's just, who's identified that stuff as a problem and instead of just shoulder shrugging, 'cause it's gonna upset big pharma, right. Or big Ag or what. And then is actually going to try to do something about it. I'll give you the last word. Yeah. Like I said, God forbid we try something different the next few years to see if we can make Americans just a little bit healthier.


Like I said, I've seen Bobby Kennedy firsthand get up every single day and be that warrior on the front lines of the chronic disease epidemic. He's really been the canary in the coal mine. He can't be blackmailed, he can't be bought off. He's certainly not doing this to enrich himself in any way, shape or form. This is a sacrifice he's making for the American people because he gets up every day and he really does pray, what can I do to make Americans healthier? Wow. Alright. Well, we'll continue to follow it and we should know more and over the coming days about how the votes on that committee are settling. And don't forget link. Thank you. Tomorrow. Thank you. Our exclusive interview with Secretary of State Marco Rubio. This is his very first long form interview since becoming Secretary of State.


It's days before he jets off for his first foreign trip to Panama. That's interesting, right? Given what Trump has been saying, we're gonna ask him about Trump's standoff with Columbia, in which Columbia caved In about 40 minutes, we'll ask him about what's next in the Middle East, what's next in Ukraine. I mean, talk about having a lot on your plate under Trump. The Secretary of State has a lot to do and it's gonna be a very, it's gonna take a lot of political acumen to thread the needle on some of these issues both here internally within the United States. And when dealing with his foreign counterparts. We wish him a lot of luck with it and it should be a fascinating sit down hope you will tune in for that.


We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.