
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Friday, March 14th, 2025, and this is your AM update. Allowing Donald Trump to take even much more power via a government shutdown is a far worse option. Senate Minority leader, Chuck Schumer caving in the budget battle announcing he will vote to allow the government funding bill to go forward averting a shutdown. Our position is based on the assumption that the ceasefire would lead to a long-term piece. Russian President Vladimir Putin signaled tentative acceptance of a ceasefire deal, but says he has some concerns. He would like to speak to President Trump about President Trump inviting New York.


Governor Kathy Hoel to the White House, trying to pressure her into reversing New York's Green New Deal fanaticism. And Michelle Obama's podcast debut does little to squash, swirling divorce rumors, all that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM update,


Four years of crushing interest rates, runaway inflation and reckless government spending. And who is paying the price? You are. You might have bills stacking up. You might have debt collectors on your back. You might barely be able to keep food on the table and that's stressful. Done with Debt can be a way out. These guys have developed a new aggressive strategy, many of them actually designed to get you out of debt permanently. Without bankruptcy and without loans. Done with Debt will stand between you and your bill collectors. They can go head to head with their creditors. Getting your balances reduced, your interest rates slashed and penalties stopped. They create a plan to end your debt fast and put more cash in your pocket every month. And right now, Done with Debt is accepting new clients. But you need to act fast. Some of these credit relief programs expire before you make another payment. Consider a visit to Done with Debt dot com or call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54. Right now, speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Senate Minority leader Chuck Schumer caving on the budget battle. A complete reversal from his position just hours earlier announcing on the Senate floor Thursday night. He will not let the government shut down. While the CR bill is very bad, the potential for a shutdown has consequences for America that are much, much worse. For sure, the Republican bill is a terrible option, but I believe allowing Donald Trump to take even more, even much more power via a government shutdown is a far worse option. Despite Senator Schumer's early assertions of Unity, the Democrat party remaining deeply divided on their spending bill strategy.


Some fearing a shutdown would be worse politically than passing the Republican CR Punch Bull News reporting New York Senator Kirsten Gillibrand could be heard yelling loudly through the doors of the Senate Dems lunch arguing against shuttering the government. Eight Democrats are needed to advance the bill in a procedural vote. They will not be required to vote on the actual bill itself, which only requires a simple majority which the Republicans have. With Senator Schumer's support of the procedural move, the bill is likely to pass. Later today, just in the nick of time, the European Union announcing a 50% tariff on select US imports, namely whiskey in direct response to Wednesday's US tariffs on aluminum and steel.


President Trump immediately responding on truth social writing. Quote, if this tariff is not removed immediately, the US will shortly place a 200% tariff on all wines, champagnes and alcoholic products coming out of France and other EU represented countries. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick on Bloomberg admonishing, the European Union and Canada for not appreciating the gravity of the President's tariff strategy. We need to have steel and aluminum domestically in America in national security. You need metals to make bullets. You need metals to make munitions. You need metals to make everything. And Donald Trump is very focused on let's make sure the key ingredients that are necessary to defend America are made here in America.


Secretary Lutnick saying retaliatory tariffs on items such as sports equipment and alcohol are not serious. Policy measures only serving to frustrate the president. Further escalating tensions even more. A key plank in President Trump's economic vision, bringing back aluminum and steel manufacturing, shoring up national security and creating American jobs. He believes we never should have lost us. Steel and aluminum production began declining in the 1970s as foreign competitors like Japan modernized and ramped up production. The decline accelerated in the 1990s with the rise of China and the passage of nafta. Foreign producers operate under different labor laws and environmental regulations.


They're able to manufacture metals more cheaply, often selling them below market value, making it tough for US manufacturers to compete. The Bureau of Labor Statistics Reporting In June, 1979, manufacturing employment reached an all time peak of 19.6 million. Today the numbers around 13 million. President Trump summing up his views on US trade policy on truth social writing. Quote, the US doesn't have free trade. We have stupid trade. The entire world is ripping us off. Markets still spooked by the uncertainty of the tariff wars. The Wall Street Journal reporting the s and p 500, losing about 5.3 trillion from its mid-February peak.


The NASDAQ down 14% from its December high and the Dow dropping 9% from its record level. Treasury Secretary Scott Besson on CNBC reassuring investors. I'm not concerned about the a, a little bit of volatility over three weeks because if you look over the long term, the reason stocks are a safe and great investment is 'cause you're looking over the long term. I can't tell you that the market is gonna go up today, tomorrow, next week, but I can tell you that if we put proper policies in place, it's gonna lay the groundwork for a both real income gains and job gains and asset, continued asset gains.


Secretary Bessett saying Markets will stabilize if Congress can work together to pass tax cuts for individuals and businesses. Russian President Vladimir Putin expressing at a Thursday News conference some reservations about the ceasefire proposal agreed to by the Ukrainians. Mr. Putin saying the Russians agree with the ceasefire in theory, but they have additional concerns and he would like to speak to President Trump before agreeing to anything. We agree with the proposals for the ceasefire, but our position is based on the assumption that the ceasefire would lead to a long-term piece, something that would remove the initial reasons for the crisis.


Mr. Putin initially justified his invasion based on a number of reasons. The first on the list, Ukraine's pushed to join nato. Mr. Trump is recently as Thursday reiterating that will not happen. Mr. Putin also claimed the invasion was intended to Deify Ukraine, the president of Ukraine, Olo Mayor Zelensky, is Jewish. Prior to the war, Ukraine was home to one of the largest Jewish populations in Europe. Mr. Putin also asserted without evidence, the Ukrainian government was preparing a military offensive against Russian backed separatists in the Donbass region. This region borders Russia and its home to primarily Russian speakers. The Russian military currently occupies about 20% of Ukraine, including the Donbass region.


Its f subject to further peace negotiations. Despite media reporting suggesting Mr. Putin's statement is an indication he will refuse this deal. President Trump responding with cautious optimism from the oval. I hope Russia's gonna make the deal too. If President Putin agrees and does a ceasefire, I I think we're going to, we're gonna be in very good shape to get it done. We wanna get it over with. That's why it was very important. What I instructed everybody, including Steve, what we're looking for to discuss concepts of land, concepts of of power plants. 'cause it's complicated.


The power plant in question. Zappa nuclear power plant is the largest in Europe. It's been under Russian control since 2022 and is not currently operational in peacetime. The plant provides about 20% of Ukrainian energy. It is a key bargaining chip in Russian possession on CNBC. Treasury Secretary Scott Besson warning, the president is prepared to fully ratchet up pressure on the Russians in order to get a deal done. If We just take kind of a scale zero to 10 that I think the Biden administration sanctions on Russia were probably a three on the way out the door. They took him to a six and I I can tell you we wouldn't hesitate to take him up to 10 Special envoy.


Steve Whitcoff is in Moscow. Long days of intention negotiations on all sides to come. Coming up, president Trump invites New York. Governor Kathy Hoel to the White House pressuring her into reversing New York's Green New Deal fanaticism. And Michelle Obama's podcast does little to squelch divorce


rumors. So many people these days are focusing on getting healthy and speaking of health, let me tell you about Jacob. And Kristen, the founders of We Heart Nutrition. They're raising five kids while running a company that's helping hardworking Americans live the American dream. We Heart Nutrition makes high quality research backed supplements for women and men at every stage of life helping you stay strong, energized, and hitting your wellness goals. But this is not just another supplement company. They are proudly pro-life. Donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers supporting moms and babies in need, they have over 1005 star reviews from real people seeing real results. Go to we Heart Nutrition dot com and take their quick 22nd quiz to get your personalized supplement subscription recommendation delivered right to your door each month. And right now they're giving you 20% off your first order with the code Megan, invest in your health and go to we Heart Nutrition dot com. Use the code Megan to get 20% off. That's we Heart Nutrition dot com code Megan


again, New York Governor Kathy Hoel, meeting President Trump at the White House this morning to discuss a pipeline project hinging on New York's approval. The Constitution pipeline previously killed by New York in 2020 would run 124 miles bringing gas from Pennsylvania to New York where it could then be moved across New England. President Trump telling reporters from the oval, the project is an easy win to reduce energy costs. Well, we're working on one project, it should be very easy. It's a pipeline going through a small section of New York families in New York and Connecticut and New England are gonna save $5,000 a family.


Think of that 'cause right now they have the highest energy prices maybe in the world. They say New England is a disaster. So we're working on that. The president writing on Truth social that if New York does not give final approval, then they will use other authorities to get the project. Through Governor Hool embracing radical green energy policies, she aims to stifle and ultimately phase out natural gas in the Empire State. In 2023, New York became the first state to begin eliminating natural gas hookups in most new buildings. Barron's reporting the pipeline's builder is Williams companies. Its CEO. Alan Armstrong says he will not build this thing without the governor's buy-in. Even if he does get federal approval.


Mr. Armstrong saying quote, we are not gonna go putting our neck out until they invite us with the red carpet rolled out. Williams Company says, Mr. Armstrong lost hundreds of millions of dollars trying to build two failed pipelines in the northeast over the past decade. Former First Lady Michelle Obama, noticeably absent from the public eye since last year, finally found launching a podcast with her brother Craig Robinson. The podcast IMO, in my opinion, premiering on Wednesday to a lukewarm reception and low viewership. The podcast produced by Higher Ground Productions and Obama Company will feature Mrs. Obama and Mr. Robinson sharing life lessons and conversations with their elitist friends.


A lot of people have questions they wanna know, especially when they see somebody of note with a platform, you know, by every measured look successful, the people you know, they want to hear some honest kind of conversation about how people are working it through. The first episode premiered to 42,000 views after 24 hours. And the second featuring actress Issa Rae lagging even further, just 13,000. The show's YouTube numbers appearing to receive a slight boost following reports highlighting how bad the audience engagement was. Newsweek running cover for the less than stellar performance reporting. It's also important to note that this new podcast from Obama is very much in its infancy.


The Michelle Obama podcast was released in 2020 and was the most successful original in Spotify history. Well, that podcast launched in July of 2020. The height of George Floyd rioting and Covid shutdowns. Her latest podcast was promoted by virtually everyone. Lately, the biggest buzz surrounding Mrs. Obama, however, is not about where she is. It's about where she is. Not a recent slate of solo appearances from her husband, Barack Obama sparking divorce rumors. In January, president Obama attended President Jimmy Carter's funeral and then President Trump's inauguration without his wife. Last week, Mr. Obama went to dinner with his daughters and then an La Clippers game without his wife again on Valentine's Day, the couple sharing coordinated messages on social media with the exact same photo posted, but staying silent, of course, on swirling divorce rumors Mrs. Obama using her new platform instead to offer some less than flattering words about her husband of three decades.


When I'm, when a a girlfriend comes to visit, it's usually like, you've gotta stay for two days because it's going to take us so much time to come to in check up. Now Barack's come in, he's come out and he's like, y'all still talking? He'll sit down for five minutes, be like, like, how are the boys? Because he golfs, you know, it takes five hours to golf. He'll golf with his buddies, come back. He'll be like, how's ex? He's good. He's like, what'd y'all talk about? Nothing On Thursday, Mrs. Obama was seen in public for the first time this year for a live taping of her podcast at the South by Southwest Festival in Austin, Texas. No reporting of Mr. Obama anywhere in sight.


And that'll do it for your AM update. I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here today for our last installment of our special series, Megan Kelly investigates on the disappearance of baby Lisa Irwin. And a shocking conclusion, a 10 month old girl who disappeared from her crib in the dark of night. It will air on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one eleven@newonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly And on all podcast platforms on the Megan Kelly show feed.