
Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe you are a small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment, whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here, providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won T win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


Welcome To the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, it's Megan Kelly, and today I wanna bring you a full episode of the MK Media Show called The Nerve with Maureen Callahan. You can listen to her latest episode next, and then go and subscribe and follow her show wherever you get your podcasts so You can find all of her commentary twice a week. Enjoy. Hey everyone, welcome back to the Nerve, your Home for Celebrity gossip, true Crime, and real talk about fake people.


I am your host, Maureen Callahan, and we have such an incredible Friday show for all of the nerve troublemakers out there today. First up, we're getting into the Diddy trial, which has seen explosive testimony and crazy developments this week. Plus we have a Menendez Brothers update, the latest on the Blake Taylor, Justin Baldoni scandal plus celebrity overs shares for days. Then we've got a little book stuff and I hear you guys asking for more book coverage. So we are definitely working on that and what is rapidly becoming my favorite Friday bit of all your emails.


So I think most of us have come to the realization that we wanna spend our money with and on brands that frankly align with our values. So that's why I wanna talk to you guys about Nimi Skincare. This is a company that is built on the principles of faith, family, and freedom. Nimi is proudly pro-America in everything they do. Their products are made right here in the USA and they don't shy away from what they believe. So while most skincare brands are busy pushing progressive messaging, Nimi took a stand and women across the country noticed after going viral for rejecting woke marketing Nimi became a rallying point for those of us who have had enough thousands of women said, finally, skincare, that reflects what I believe. And you know, the products are just incredible. You've got gentle cleansers, age defying creams. Nimi offers clean fragrance free formulas that are safe for sensitive skin, but they're powerful enough to deliver real results. Right now, You can get 10% off your order@mimiskincare.com. Just use the code, the nerve at the checkout, that's NIMI skincare.com if you like me, are tired of giving your money to companies that don't respect your values. Make the switch support American made and choose skincare that aligns with who you are. Choose Nimi Skincare where modern skincare meets timeless values.


So we begin today's edition of the Nerve with the Diddy trial, which is unfolding here in New York City. We are in day five. It's taking place in federal court and here are the key things to know, and some of this stuff I have to warn you, it's extremely graphic. So if you're sensitive to go details or you have little ones around, you might wanna skip ahead. Now, there's a new extended version of the video that shows Sean Combs beating Cassie violently in a Los Angeles hotel. It was the Intercontinental Hotel in 2016.


This was shown in court this week, and it was released to the media. Let's take a look at it. So she's walking, she's walking like she's really, really trying. Oh, here he goes. He catches her and he grabs her and dragging her. Now we see what looks like a security guard talking to Sean Combs, who's wrapped in just a towel. So that, which to me is extremely, extremely telling. Okay, that's another pair of eyes on this. Okay, now just a, just a side note, New York still does not allow television cameras in federal court, and I do not understand why.


You know, these trials. They're all of our business, all of our business, I believe that just my opinion. But from what I've read and what I've seen thus far, I believe Sean Combs is a very dangerous man, an extremely dangerous man, and what's going on in here? We all have a right to see and hear it. Okay? Now, Cassie testified that she was often drugged up for these freak offs that she says she was often forced to participate in more than once when having her period. Here's what she said in court on the stand, Sean would expect it. I don't think anyone wants to do that, of course not.


But what is really interesting here is the distancing language that she's still using. She says, I don't think anybody wants to do that. She's not saying, I didn't want to do that. I never wanted to do that. I can't believe I had to do that or did that. Okay? That's somebody who has really begun trying to separate and compartmentalize this part of her life, you know, and she clearly doesn't really want to go back there. And she's like eight and a half months pregnant on the stand. You know, she's going on to say that male sex workers that were hired for these freak offs would urinate on her. Okay? That's what Sean Combs thinks about women, by the way.


And if you think that's too harsh, sometimes combs would urinate in Cassie's mouth. Okay? This is the testimony Cassie gave to federal prosecutor Emily Johnson, who asked Cassie, did you ever consent to this? Cassie said, no, there was no conversation. It was a turn on for him. So it happened. There is not a whole lot of control you have with two men standing over you peeing. I thought it was obvious, I don't want to do it. Okay? This is, she went on to say there was one instance in which combs urinated in her mouth so profusely that Cassie testified, quote, I was choking.


Now the defense is gonna put up the argument and, and, and has laid the groundwork like, look, yeah, Sean Combs, he's a deviant. You know, you may not find what he's doing palatable, you know, but it's his sex life. And if everybody's a willing participant, you know, that's not criminal behavior. This testimony that she is giving in open court, eight and a half months pregnant, she and her husband, Alex, fine, have two other children. I can only imagine the insane amount of stress she's under and, and her fear that she's gonna be like provoked into like early labor. You know, name me a woman who would sit in open court and testify to such degrading, humiliating acts, visited upon her, especially against this guy who seems extremely dangerous and be making it up.


Like, what is she possibly, she's already gotten her payday. He gave her $20 million to drop the lawsuit she filed in November, 2023. Remember the same month that Naomi Campbell threw Sean Combs a lavish 50th birthday party in London, okay? We also learned that Sean Combs filled an inflatable pool with baby oil, and this was in a hotel room. I live in fear that I have stayed in a hotel room that Sean Combs once threw a freak off in, okay? It's closed now, but he used to use the Gramercy Park Hotel at least once for this stuff, okay? So we also learned that Cassie, as she testified to us, suffered great physical deleterious side effects diseases.


She, her oral health was, was terrible because Sean Combs would have her perform with people who had been lubed up. And so all this stuff is like in her mouth, and she had UTIs multiple times. Almost every woman I know has had a UTI at some point, but she had them so often, and they are brutal. They are so painful, like that Cipro stopped working for her. She had gastrointestinal issues from all this copious sex with all these strangers who are like, it's enough, it's enough for today. Okay? I think that Sean Combs is in a lot of trouble, okay?


And this is part of the reason why his defense team asked the judge in this case to disallow Cassie from walking up to the stand because she's so visibly pregnant. And their argument, I guess, is that that could be prejudicial to the jury that her being a pregnant woman might evoke some sympathy. And by the way, the judge denied this, but this goes to the hypocrisy of it. This is a, Sean Combs sits there in court with his Bible, okay? His Bible like, try to be a little subtle, just a little bit, okay? And he's making heart symbols with his hands, okay?


So, and he sits there in like this gray sweater, you know, he's just looking like your friendly neighborhood accountant, you know this thug. Are you kidding me? Okay. Meanwhile, he's got his children in this courthouse, okay? They're older, they're like teenagers maybe, or early twenties, but why are his children here? Why are they listening to this stuff? You know, I'm looking at that if I'm a juror, which I would never be, I I just couldn't do it with this guy, but if I'm a juror, I'm not looking at that as like, oh, wow, you know, Sean Combs like his family, really? These kids were traumatized by the way. Okay? These kids really believe in him so much that they showed up in court to support him.


I'm thinking, what kind of sick fuck has his kids show up in court and, and listen to this stuff and, and be aware of what their father was getting up to when he was probably never home? Okay? Now, the daughters left during some of the more graphic testimony in the Cassie stuff, but truly they should not be there at all. And by the way, Diddy's mother is treating this trial like it's her own personal catwalk. Like she's rocking up in this like extravagant, what I assume is a wig. It's a big curly, fluffy blonde wig, and she's got her movie star sunglasses on, and she's wearing her animal prints. You know, this is not the time or the place, okay?


But I guess we are getting a glimpse into, you know, the combs family dynamics as it were. Now a final note, and truly the icing on this shit cake on Wednesday, the jurors were shown still photos from some of these freak offs. And according to reports, several jurors physically recoiled. One female juror actually like turned her head to the side to look away. Just to underscore, this jury panel is composed of hardened New Yorkers, okay? They have seen it all, and I, I guarantee every single one of them, as have I has seen since COVID, at least one homeless person openly masturbating on the street, on the subway, okay?


We see a lot. Okay? So if they're disgusted, it's not looking great for Sean Combs. Okay? A related update. Chris Brown was just arrested again this time in the UK for a 2023 attack against a promoter in a nightclub. Chris Brown allegedly smashed a bottle of tequila over this guy's head, then began kicking and punching him. Now, do you remember Rihanna and the beating she took at his hands and how she went back. Guys like this don't change. And I hope that the jury is considering this stuff because the Cassie testimony is complicated, okay? She was with him for 10 years, she did keep going back and she did love him.


So it's nuanced. It's not black and white. Now we have another brief update. The Menendez brothers, okay? They got their re-sentencing trial this week and their lawyers said they're gonna move very quickly to get these guys out. I would just like to remind everybody, including the either brainwashed or the psychologically very unwell members of the Menendez clan and Kitty Menendez the mother, they're all arguing for these two to be let out. Okay? They've paid their dues. You know, I would would like to just remind us all this was a premeditated crime. These two planned it for at least a week.


You know, they purchased the firearms, the rifles, I believe at least a week before when the ins when the investigators showed up at the crime scene, their father's brain fell out of his skull. Mother's face blasted off. They had a fake alibi, and they said the cops should have arrested them that very night, and they couldn't believe that they didn't. So I'm sure that these two, if they do get out, will be a great addition to society. And now for some lighter celebrity true crime, it's Taylor Swift versus Blake Lively. And this is getting good. Okay, you guys, this is getting good. Now look at these two. Okay? They loved to pose in these provocative, like, you know, are we lovers?


Maybe, you know, Blake owns Taylor. You know, Blake made Taylor godmother to like at least three of her four children, which I have said before. Feels gratuitous, okay? Don't be such a star fucker. Now, Taylor apparently was told to brace her team was told to brace for a subpoena from Justin B's legal team, and she's pissed, okay? She seems pissed. Sounds like she's pissed. I think she's pissed. So leaking from Tay TE's camp this week was the grievous grave accusation that Blake Lively attempted to blackmail Taylor, okay? That Blake Lively said, if you don't support me in me bringing this case and all these accusations that seem to be falling apart, like, you know, just like confetti out of a pinata, if you Taylor Swift, don't back me, I'm going to leak private texts between you and I.


And these apparently go back decades, okay? So Blake's basically saying, Hey Taylor, I know where a lot of your bodies are buried, and I'm going to exhume them if you don't get on my, my train. Okay? This is getting so great. I I cannot wait for the next development in this. All three of these people not nearly as smart as they think they are. Okay, up next we have a showbiz titan whose sexual disclosures are bonkers and they are so cynical, and we're gonna just slice and dice it like, you know, minor surgery. Okay? And then we've got some movie star mayhem and one of country music's most famous families with an overshare for the ages.


You know that the secret to great days is better nights, and it all starts by turning your bedroom into a sanctuary with cozy Earth. Their bamboo sheet set is something special, the softest, coolest, most luxurious sheets you will ever own. They are breathable, temperature regulating and crafted to help you sleep like it matters Because it does imagine crawling into bed every night and waking up feeling restored, refreshed, and ready to take on the day. And as for their bamboo pajamas, I mean, these are lightweight, they are cozy, and they are designed to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. These are the sleepwear upgrade you didn't know that you need, but you definitely, definitely deserve. Now, cozy Earth makes it very easy to try for yourself. You get 100 nights risk free to fall in love. Plus every bedding product is backed by a 10 year warranty, 10 years. Okay? So take the time to prioritize your sleep and prioritize yourself. Visit cozy earth.com and start sleeping better with Cozy Earth today. That's cozy earth.com.


So Barry Diller has been making the rounds and he's about 83 years old. He's one of the most long time power brokers in Hollywood and tech. He's one of the most wealthy, powerful, and I'm gonna say it, controlling men in these worlds. Okay? Now he's been in a power marriage to the fashion designer Diane von Furstenberg, for decades now. Okay? So he's got this memoir, it's called Who Knew Question Mark. And I find this title ironic and funny in ways he may not be particularly aware of, okay?


Because he's, this is his media tour, okay? Hey, I'm 83 years old, and I finally feel in this climate for real. I finally feel comfortable enough to come out as a gay man. I mean, everybody on the planet like either has a non-binary kid or they're like getting transgender surgery or, you know, like they're pansexual. Just ask Lily Gladstone check our last couple of episodes for that. Or they're in full blown relationships with like the Eiffel Tower or the Berlin Wall. But now finally, Barry Diller can do it, okay? He can come out as a gay man. Now, the twist to this story is he also claims straight face, no pun intended to be madly in love with his wife Diane, with whom he has lots and lots of hot sex.


Okay? I could not make this up. Take a look at this. It seems to me like one of the points you're trying to make in the book is that it doesn't have to be a mutually exclusive thing that You can be in Love with Diane And at the same time be attracted to men. Yes, I don't see anything mutually exclusive about that. Now, I mean, other people may, but I don't, Okay. Note the moment where he takes a sip of water, it's like that's, that's a little bit of a towel, that's a little bit of like a security blanket. I'm gonna cover my mouth, I'm gonna shut my mouth around something because I don't know what might come out of it. I cannot believe this reporter took this seriously. I, I, I know these are puff pieces for CBS Sunday morning, which is all about, you know, celebrity puffery and like happy stories.


But let's get real, okay? One of the smartest, most brilliant titans of industry is sitting there and saying to this reporter, Hey, there's nothing mutually exclusive with me saying I am a gay man. And also saying, I am madly in love with my wife, with whom I have sex all the time. That is the very definition of mutually exclusive, okay? I don't know what happens to these reporters when they sit in front of these people who are spewing this garbage. Now, I just would like to say again, as a kid on Long Island whose parents let my third parent be page six, and I love them for it. I mean, at 10 years old, I was reading all about the Velvet Mafia, okay?


I know everybody who, who was in the Velvet Mafia and what they were up to. Now, for those of you who may not know, it was a group of closeted gay men who were very powerful. One was Barry Diller, the other was David Geffen, the music mogul who dated Cher. And then the third was the fashion designer, Calvin Klein, who married Ca Kelly Klein, like in the eighties or the nineties, I think, when he was trying to go public and he needed a beard. And we're gonna circle back to this at the end of the show with Carolyn Bessette talk. So, you know, the idea that the mainstream media, media is like treating this disclosure as breaking news is not only ridiculous to me is pathetic. And this is why they are dying, because this is exactly what Barry Diller wants them to write about.


This is, and he's acting like he's giving them a big gift with this, okay? This is what I think is going on. Barry Diller is 83 years old and he's looking down the barrel of his legacy and what is that going to be, right? And what is the first line of his obit going to be? And do you know what he would like to have completely unmentioned and un unforgotten, sorry, forgotten, okay, I won't forget it, but forgotten would be his vile violent treatment of subordinates over the years. This guy is a beast, okay? He's a beast. And you would not wanna be alone in four walls with him, I think just my opinion, because he is really formidable, and I'm gonna get to a lawsuit that he inserted himself into and the threats he made vis-a-vis that.


So let's take a look at this book excerpt from the friendly book that has little Barry Diller, just a kid from Long Island who made it, who knew, who knew, okay? This is a little bit of an acknowledgement that maybe he had some sharp elbows in some business dealings quote. Sometimes the staff would ask, is it commercial? I'm sure by the way, it took every bit of like co, like just guts. These people had to ever question Barry Diller ever, because as he goes on to say quote, and I would brutalize them brutalize, that's a very strong word, I would brutalize them because rather than using their instincts, he's calling them dumb.


The people he hires, he is calling them dumb. They were trying to predict the public's appetite, which I said then and say now over and over again, simply is impossible. I'm sorry. We live in a world that is dictated by like an Orwellian algorithm that totally predicts our appetites. We live with phones that overhear everything we say and push ads. Like I swear to God, sometimes I think my phone is reading my mind like I think it's melded with me in the most sinister ways possible. So that's a bunch of bullshit. Okay? Now, Barry Diller once allegedly, allegedly threw a VHS tape, and that's how long these accusations go back, okay? I mean, we are in the paleolithic age of like BHS physical tapes that went into VCRs at an underling, okay?


He missed. But that tape was thrown with so much force that Diller put a hole in the wall with it. Okay? Now to the lawsuit, and this is just one that we know of, I'm gonna guess this is sort of, you know, this is Barry Diller. He also allegedly threatened to destroy an employee who blew the whistle about an alleged sexual assault by Diller's right hand man at Tinder. Okay? So this is according to a, I'm gonna hold it up a 2021 report in the Daily Mail Diller the, regarding this whistleblower who is reporting a sexual assault, okay? This is serious shit quote, threatened to go after this whistleblower for everything he has, his parents have, and anyone he knows has end quote.


If this guy didn't drop the matter entirely, everything this guy's parents have, I mean, do you know, like Barry Diller would be, I think the C-suite version of, again, just my opinion, but in terms of ruthlessness and like, if you don't do what I want, I'm going to, I will, I will either kill you Diddy, allegedly physically, or Barry Diller, I'll wipe you out financially and reputationally and you'll wind up living in a homeless shelter. You know, Barry Diller, Sean Combs, two sides maybe of the same coin. But you know, just this, the takeaway remains. The takeaway remains that Barry Diller is just your cuddly old gay man who's married to a woman who he just has lots of enthusiastic sex with all the time, but he's gay.


Okay? Got it. By the way, this sort of legacy play reminds me a lot of Scott Rudin, okay? Another Hollywood super producer who's back on a redemption tour. Guess who like rolled out the red carpet for him recently? I think it was the New York Times. Okay? Now, this guy, he was, he was canceled. He, I mean, he started selling off like high-end artwork and high-end real estate, okay? He was canceled for a pattern of seriously abusing underlings. Okay? He once allegedly, allegedly put one of, I mean, we're talking like PAs, like personal assistants.


Like these are the people who like are starting in the, in the, they're very young, they have very little experience, and those are the ones that monsters like these go after, okay? They're the soft targets. He allegedly put one in the hospital, okay? And this isn't like from overwork, like the, the poor kids, like in the financial industry who are working like 150 hours a week and like dropped dead at their desks. This isn't that, okay? One of my other favorite Scott Rudin stories has one of his terrified assistants who like can't do it anymore. So they're sitting in the back of a car, you know, he's got a driver rudin, and they're hurdling down like a major New York highway, like a major artery.


And this assistant says to Scott, like, I ha I have to tell you, like today is my last day. And Scott Rudin, according to this story, this alleged version of events turns to this terrified assistant and says, your last moment is now and throws this kid out of the car on the side of a, again, a major, major highway. Now, I do have to say, as far as dialogue goes, that is killer. Okay? That's not Michelle Obama saying to Barack after Barack says, you know, vis-a-vis the recent death of her mother. Well, you're up next, Michelle, saying you're up next. I mean, that is a great rejoinder that I will give that to Scott Rudin, your last moment is now is, is really great.


Now, I would like to share a little of my own Scott Rudin story. So when this stuff started breaking, and it was kind of, it was like after Harvey was sort of outed and all those bombshells were coming out, and like people were now feeling like, oh, they could tell their stories and they wouldn't be exiled from like working in Hollywood or on Broadway or media, what have you. I was deputized by my editor to write a story about Scott Rudin, which is how I know, like off the top of my head, the stuff I just told you. And so there was a guy who worked at the New York Post, he was like the theater critic, but he was just like a little too cozy with these people. Like he would, he would brag, like he would write a book and he would brag and he would be like, yeah, you know, I finished my book up at like Andrew Lloyd Weber's estate in like Mallorca or whatever.


And I'm like, how can you call yourself like a critic and like, let be, be taking these favors from these people like it Anyway, so this story, like we're putting it to bed, you know, it's about to go online and it's like late on a Friday night, and I get a call from this guy, my colleague, my then colleague, and again, like not subtle, like I thought he would surely be a little bit more skilled at this kind of thing. But investigative journalism was clearly not his forte. He calls me and he's at like a nearby bar and he goes, Hey, you know who I just happen to be having a drink with right now, Scott Rudin.


So I'm like, thanks asshole. We you told him like, I'm doing, like he already heard I was doing it, I'm sure, but like, you're calling me with Scott Rudin next to you, like, whose side are you on? Like the news breakers and the troublemakers, or like these assholes. So he then he says to me, you know, why don't you just send that story over my way? Like, why don't you just email it to me and like, this way Scott can read it. I shit you not this way Scott can read it and tell you if there are any errors in there, like any mistakes. And I'm like, yeah, you know, what we do professionally as you should know, is we go to these people and we ask them for comment like, we're fucking journalists.


We know how to do this stuff. What we don't do is gift wrap a story and give it to the subject of said story that by the way, has a bunch of terrified people feeling, you know, emboldened enough to, to like tell their stories. But don't use my name, you know, keep the identifying details a secret and hand it to Scott effing rudin. Okay, fuck you. Okay? Now, speaking of other wealthy, powerful, famous Hollywood men who have all these deep reservoirs of rage, Sean Penn, never change again. These guys, they never change. He's going viral and he's making a lot of headlines for this podcast interview he just did with Louis Thoreau.


Is it Louis or Louis? I don't know, I don't really care. And he's related, by the way, to the insufferable Justin throw of the shoe polish black hair. And like when he used to be with Jennifer Aniston, I don't think they were ever legally married, which I think was very shrewd on her part, but like, he would always be photographed like with Jen Aniston and like back when they were palling around with Howard Stern and like, you know, they'd be in like Cabo in Mexico, like sunning themselves. And Justin was just, he's too cool. He's absolutely, he's the opposite of cool, but like, he thinks he's so cool. He's too cool for like a bathing suit, like bathing trunks. So he would always be sunning his hairless body, you know, he's waxed head to toe with like black denim cutoff shorts that were skin tight and belted.


Okay? Like dyed a million deaths. Okay? So anyway, the headlines that Sean Penn is making, again, like I think the media is picking up the wrong headline. It's the wrong offense. They're like Sean Penn dared to say he would work with Woody Allen again in a heartbeat. I mean, who cares? This scandal is really old. Okay, who gives a shit? Okay, what's really offensive here is the way he talks about Madonna, his first wife, who, you know, finally left him. We're gonna revisit this, okay? We're digging in the crates for the real shit for assaulting her, not once allegedly, but twice.


Okay? Now let's, now Madonna has never ever talked shit about Sean Penn. In fact, way, way, way later, like in 2015, she would say, he never laid a hand on me. I don't buy it, okay? I don't buy it, but she has only ever spoken of him glowingly. Okay? Take a look at how Sean talks to this throw guy about Madonna. And then they ask her like, who's the love of your life? Do you remember that? Yeah. You know, I remember. Yeah, I remember that. Yeah, you remember what she said? I do. I remember what she said. She was very sweet. Look, look, she's been a, she's been a good friend for a lot of years. It didn't take, it didn't take us long to realize that we had mistaken a, a good first date for a wedding partner, and it didn't take us long to recover after we got divorced.


Okay? So that's Shauna, ah, Madonna, that w that, that the whole marriage was an epic mistake. And, you know, they mistook what was a great first date. He's basically saying great sex for like, you know, a real connection. Fuck you. Okay? Here's Madonna, a very young, beautiful Madonna At this point in my life. I could say that he is was the great love of my life. I mean, that's why I married him. And I think most people have that one person, you know? Okay, so I went and pulled up for you guys this Daily beast piece that was published, I'm trying to think I'll find it, but it's about Sean Penn's, what they call the Daily Beast, horrifying history of alleged abuse.


Now here's the, here's the, here's the good stuff. The, which is, I mean, like the really terrible stuff that Sean Penn has skated on forever. You know, a quote, Penn was extremely violent toward his ex-wife Madonna. When the two were married in the 1980s, once in June, 1987, he allegedly caused the pop superstar to be hospitalized after hitting her across the head with a baseball bat. Okay? It doesn't say whether the bat was wooden or metal, which I think is a salient detail. But Madonna remained protective of her husband and refused to press charges since Penn was already facing 60 days in jail for assaulting a film extra.


Again, these guys go after women and they go after guys with no power. Okay? A film extra, Sean, pick on someone your own fucking size. Okay? Then things got even uglier on December 28th, 1989. That's two years later, okay? Right after Christmas, according to a police report filed by Madonna Pen, scaled their Malibu home that afternoon, found Madonna alone in her bedroom, and told her that he owned her lock, stock and barrel. According to reports quote, when she told him she was leaving the house, he tried to bind her hands with an electric lamp and cord. I remember reading this at the time, I remember these details about the electric lamp and the cord.


Okay? Continuing on screaming and afraid, Madonna fled from the bedroom. What followed was a nine hour ordeal, which left her deeply shaken this nine hour ordeal. Penn, I'm continuing to read from this report, chased her into the living room, caught her. Okay? So she's, she's running for the door, caught her like he, he grabbed her, he probably threw her to the floor, just my supposition, bound her to a chair with heavy twine. Then he threatened to cut off her hair. Okay? He's gonna, he's gonna, he's gonna assault her beauty. That's her power, okay? Continuing. He allegedly quote, smacked and roughed up Madonna while she was tied to a chair.


And then he left for a few hours to buy more booze, leaving his then wife bound and gagged. Imagine this is one of the most powerful pop stars, media stars on the planet. And this is, believe me, trust, it's the source of his rage. So a few hours elapse, she's tied up for hours, gagged, okay? So she's probably having trouble breathing, she's panicked. No food, no water. When is he coming back? Is he coming back? Is he gonna come back and kill her? Okay, continuing to read only to return and continue terrorizing her. He only agreed to untie her after quote, she agreed to perform a degrading sex act on him, and then she fled the house, got in her car and raced to the sheriff's office, eventually stumbling inside.


I hardly recognized her as Madonna Lieutenant Bill McSweeney said at the time she was weeping, her lip was bleeding, and she had obviously been struck. Penn was charged with felony domestic assault. But Madonna told the DA to drop the charges against him as so many battered women do. And in 2015, she denied that that whole thing ever happened. But, you know, I'm sorry, you can't erase that shit. You can't. Okay, so now and again, what kind of interviewer is Louis throw? He's not, he's a star fucker, okay? Because you contradict that stuff with some real facts like I just gave you guys. Here's Sean talking about his history of assaulting the paparazzi.


Take the, like with the paparazzi, for example, you know, if you take the camera outta their hand and you just close your eyes and you just think of, pick a person that You can imagine that you don't want in your life, and they follow you everywhere and they're looking through your windows at your house all day, every day, and the the police won't do anything about it, can't do anything about it because they're on public property, and God forbid you're on public property, what do you do? Well, I mean, at some point I might kill him. I'll do anything to stop it. I have several thoughts. Okay? So first of all, I think the police, and I'm assuming this is LAPD because Sean lives in LA know Sean Penn a little bit too.


Well, and I don't think they're too kindly disposed to go help him out for anything, okay? This is a guy who shot at the helicopters who were hovering over the outdoor wedding that Sean and Madonna were having on a huge Malibu estate. Like, pick something if you don't want the paparazzi there and you're marrying the most famous woman on the planet, which she was, then maybe don't do it outside you fucking asshole, but you know, poor Sean, you know, maybe don't become such a, such a, such a star fucker or, you know, such a celebrity that you then say, well, the paparazzi follow me around all the time. Do you know who one of the most famous actresses on the planet is?


Julia Roberts. Meryl Streep. Same. These women know how to disappear when they want to, okay? They know how to get around without hoards of paparazzi following them around. Sean Penn loves to bang on about how smart he is, and you know how like DC and like presidents should really be deploying him to solve major international crises and national crises. Like remember New Orleans? He went down there, Haiti, he went over there, then he went and met without Chapo, you know, like the Mexican drug Lord, that like had even like, you know, America's counter-terrorism people, frankly, or terrified of, you know, Sean Penn loves to insert himself 'cause he's trying to prove he's smart, right? Like, he likes to go on Bill Maher and talk about he's friends with Bill Maher.


He's like, you know, he's smart. I mean, I think if you're really smart, You can figure something so elemental as not getting shot by the paparazzi out. But what do I know? Okay, now, two other weird celebrity stories that came out this week that, again, I think we need to discuss. Bruce Willis is like another, he's like a peer of Sean's just in terms of fame, the era in which they were real movie stars. Now, as we discussed last week, Bruce Willis has aphasia, okay? It's, it's a form of dementia. It's obviously, it is terrible. He has this much younger wife named Emma, and she's kind of the second wife or third wife that a Hollywood guy gets, you know, as they age, like the, the wives get younger, but they get less attractive.


Like, she's not like as attractive as to me, more so. Anyway, she has a new memoir coming out and it's all about her journey, her journey, taking care of her older husband. Like she thought she was in it with like a really rich, famous Hollywood celebrity. But, you know, he gets aphasia. So she's gotta, like, what is she gonna do with herself? She likes to pop up on the Today Show often, you know, from time to time I'll say, and, you know, give us updates on her husband's declining condition and how most importantly she's coping with it. So take a look at this. It's important for care partners to look after themselves so that they can be the best care partner for the person that they're caring for. When I think about your family, I, I see like beautiful children and your husband, are you still, is, are there ways that you celebrate joy in your family?


And how do you do that? I mean, we celebr there's so many beautiful things happening in our lives, it's just really important for me to look up from the grief and the sadness so that I can see what is happening around us. And you know, Bruce would really want us to be in the joy of what is, Do you wanna talk garbage language? Okay. I, I, first of all, what is a fucking moron? Okay? My mother has dementia, and I can tell you there is zero joy in this journey, okay? This journey sucks and I, I, I, I frankly hope and wish for something else to take her out more quickly because this is agonizing for her, okay?


And I don't think about myself in this scenario, okay? I think about her. So Hoda, can you find ways to celebrate joy and this journey? And as discussed last week too, she's total bitch according to my friend. And then Emma's sitting there and she's talking about the joy of what is, what kind of garbage language is that, you know, I'm sure she's talking to Mel Robbins all the time. So anyway, her book is coming out in September. It's called, of course, it's called This An Unexpected Journey. An Unexpected Journey, how Trite. Now, there are reports of a huge family rift that are coming to the surface. And this is huge because this mean, it has, in my opinion, the stamp of approval of Demi Moore who is having a renaissance right now. And everybody loves Demi, okay?


So apparently Demi and the three daughters that she shares with Bruce are not happy about this book. And this is big because this goes all against brand Willis, you know, slash more, which is all about showing this big blended happy family. You know, that the two kids that Bruce has with Emma, like, they're all, they're all a big happy family. And now it's not true, and we all can see it. These are the quotes coming out of Camp Deme Moore and Deese Kids quote, nobody's feeling good about it, meaning Emma's book, people understand that Emma's grief and that her experience might be able to help others in similar situations. That's being generous. If the joy of what is is the most this moron has to offer us, okay?


Continuing on, but using Bruce's name to sell a book while he's still battling aphasia and dementia at home with the family. I could not agree more, I could not agree more. Your dignity, I think aside from your health is your most prized possession. You can't put a price on it. And this woman's out there just throwing Bruce's remaining dignity on the pire so she can get some media hits on like today and fucking access Hollywood and maybe her, you buy her book in bulk so she can hit the New York Times bestseller list. Like, fuck off. Okay? Final celebrity overshare of today, and this one is, I've never heard a celebrity overshare like this. And I am going to include in this the Riley Keo disclosure in completing her mother Lisa Marie Presley's memoir.


So Lisa Marie, daughter of Elvis Presley, that after her brother died, Riley's brother, Lisa's son Ben, died of a shotgun wound to the head a suicide. Lisa Marie had his body, you know, waxed up, I forget what they call embalmed, had his embalmed body transported back to her casita, where he stayed for a month and where she would go visit him every day. Okay? This one tops that I think, okay, Ashley Judd is out promoting this two part documentary on the family, the Judds, the mother, Naomi and Ashley, who was the actress, and then Wynona, who was part of the Judds with Naomi.


So they, they have this documentary, and as we know, Naomi battled mental illness for much of her life, and she eventually took her own life. And you know, we've, we've all been made very familiar through interviews and memoirs and what have you, and, and frankly, tabloid reports. I mean, I, you read 'em all the time. You know, arrests, drug and alcohol addictions, morbid obesity, mental illness, childhood sexual trauma, you know, you name it, they've suffered it. Okay? And you would think that would be enough for us to know about, okay? That's actually more than I would care to know about like your family issues, okay? But no, there's more. There is more. And you know, Ashley, I think is enjoying another round in the spotlight because she's not really booking much work.


So we need some media hits and we need some pages in US Weekly. And I brought this for you because when I read it on the train, I was like, I gotta talk to you guys about it. In this documentary, she talks about the day her mother died, okay? The day her mother took her life. And she says she went over to the house, Naomi begged her to come over, and she was talking about how she didn't wanna be on the planet anymore. And Ashley thought she had talked her down and then left the house, came back later and found her mother, I believe it was in her own bedroom. Now, Naomi, Judd took her own life with a shotgun blast to the head. Again, it's very unusual for women to kill themselves this way.


It's a very violent way to go. And you know, Ashley, again, I was mystified by this, but I thought, you know, maybe it's cathartic. I don't know. These people live in a very weird world where like, if you don't do it on camera, does it even matter? So she sat down with Diane Sawyer in 2002 and talked about finding her mother and the effect that it had on her. And I thought, okay, well, you know, there were no details and maybe this is it. And like she's, she's got, she's gotten it out. And this is her version of a catharsis. And we'll never revisit this again. I was wrong, okay? Anytime I let my cynicism down vis-a-vis celebrities, I am 99% of the time proven wrong. So now Ashley is telling us that she called 9 1 1 after she found her mother bleeding from the self inflect inflicted self-inflicted, forgive me gunshot wound.


And she says, I'm reading from the US weekly story, okay, quote. Well, the story says after 9 1 1 was called Ashley held her mom for a half an hour. Her mother was still alive for half an hour telling her, it's okay, it's okay. I've seen how much you've been suffering. And then when Naomi died. So this really is what this is sounding like, right? That Naomi blew half of her head off, but was still alive. And You can only imagine this scene, this vignette. And you know, it's like everything, once you know it, you can't unknow it. Like, why do I need to know this stuff? Why do we need to know this stuff?


You know, I have to say with Ashley Judd and with Emma Willis, like, I feel like this is very sick stuff. This is really sick. Like you are stripping, you are taking, you are stealing the remaining bit of dignity like that Bruce Willis has, that her dead mother has, like, you're stealing their dignity. And why are you doing it? You know? And I was thinking about this before, like coming to talk to you guys about this today, and it's like, it's all of a piece with what we've been discussing with Michelle Obama and Meghan Markle and Aria Baldwin. Aria Baldwin. Like the, it seems like there's a lot of rage towards the true talents in the family, like the real stars, the real legends, you know, and this is all just, you know, they think that they're, they're maybe winning in the moment and it's giving them a dopamine hit.


But in the long run, these people, these women, it's, it's all women doing this. You know, they're really just debasing themselves. They're really debasing themselves, you know, so Ashley and Emma too, I would say all of this media attention, it's not the win that you think it is. Okay, next up we're gonna lighten things up, okay? We've got some more Kennedy family drama, a little story from me about Ryan Murphy.


And best of all your emails, I am going to talk to you about a dog named Delta and a hero named Leo. Leo Grillo. Now Leo came across a very sick, starving, shaking doberman while on a road trip. And he pulled over and he rescued that doberman and took him home and named him Delta. Now Delta, of course, was just one of many animals that needed our help and do need our help. And this all inspired Leo to start Delta Rescue. It's the largest no kill care for life animal sanctuary in the world. Delta Rescue has rescued thousands of dogs, cats, and horses from the wilderness, and they provide their animals with shelter, love, safety, and a home. This dedication and everlasting love for animals is Leo's mission and Leo's legacy. Now, Delta Rescue relies solely on contributions from people like us, people like us, who are more on the animal side than the human side, correct? So if you want caring for these animals to be part of your legacy, speak with your estate planner because there are tax saving estate planning benefits here too. So You can grow your estate while letting your love for animals live well into the future. Check out the estate planning tab on their website to learn more and to speak with an advisor. We all call dog man's best friend for a reason. And if you don't, I don't wanna know you, okay? So You can help those who need it most. Visit delta rescue.org today to learn more. That's delta rescue.org.


So Ryan Murphy made headlines this week with the announcement that he cast Naomi Watts as Jackie Kennedy in his forthcoming mini series American Love story about the romance and marriage between JFK Jr and Carolyn Bessette. Now, I have several thoughts on this. Nothing against Naomi Watts. I think she's a great actress. I think she's super stylish. I love how she's aging and not shooting her face up with Botox and getting like multiple facelifts like every other actress on the planet. But I have to say, I don't think this is a good casting move. I don't see in any way the resemblance.


And you know, I'm surprised 'cause Naomi Watts kind of made a misstep in playing Princess Diana and like she got really bad reviews for it and she's a great actress. So, you know, it's bad when like, she can't pull that off. I don't even think they ever put that movie in theaters. I think it went direct to streaming. So, you know, I, I don't like it. But you know, this is Ryan Murphy and he has his pets. And I think Naomi is now one of his pets and he likes to cast them over and over whether they're ripe for a part or not, and is how we all got stuck with Sarah Paulson. Okay? So think about it, okay? And also the actress playing Carolyn Bessette Kennedy looks nothing like her either. Okay? And Carolyn Bessette Kennedy was a very distinctive looking woman, very distinctive, you know, and as for JFK Jr, the casting, it doesn't really matter because JFK Jr is, as someone who wrote the book Ask, not the Kennedys and the women they destroyed.


He is the least interesting, frankly, of the three. Okay? Jackie and Carolyn, far more interesting. Now I wanna tell you my little story about Ryan Murphy. So last summer after Ask not came out, we got a call, meaning like, my agent and I got a call. You know, we got offers from multiple people who are interested in buying the rights to the book and optioning it so they could turn it into a series or a document, a docuseries, whatever. And one of them was Ryan Murphy, and they put me on a, on a Zoom with not Ryan who for undisclosed reasons, you know, was so dying to talk to me, but just couldn't. This is the kind of hyperbole that you get when you're dealing with like Hollywood people.


Not all but many. It's like they, they'll come to you, they come at you fast and hard. They're like, you're like, buy me dinner first. They're like, you're the greatest fucking thing since like air conditioning was invented. Okay, I gotta get, I gotta get in bed with you. Okay? We gotta make this happen. I haven't, I haven't seen Genius like this since fucking Albert Einstein. Okay? Like I, your book, I couldn't put your book down. Then you later find out they never read the book. They never do, you know? And so I was put on a Zoom with his number two, who frankly did seem a little terrified of Ryan, who was like off on a yacht somewhere. And, you know, we really wanna do this really perfect for us, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. You know, you sit there and you're like, I gotta kind of got the verbal gang bang, you know?


And then we got off the phone, I got off, I got off the Zoom with him, and then like right away their offer on paper landed in my inbox. Which was surprising Because it usually doesn't happen that immediately. And that was again, like coming on fast and strong and being like, we are really serious. Like we want this property and we've already gone to our overlords at Disney and like gotten the money and gotten the deal done. Now what happens is you take that and it's par for the course that that is the opening salvo. Like you're entering into a good faith negotiation. And we had other interested parties.


And so as we do, we said, okay, we would like to counter for the following things and the following amount of money. And again, I didn't hear anything for like a couple of weeks. And my agent called and was like, I felt like maybe not really wanting to share this news 'cause it's not great. But it wasn't her fault. She goes, yeah, Ryan's dropped out, he's not interested anymore. And I said, what? Like, this never happens, okay? This is considered extremely poor form. This never happens. I said, what do you mean he just dropped out? And she said he just dropped out. Like, he won't play ball, he won't respond. And I, I've asked around because like, I've never heard of this happening either.


And I said, do you think he just couldn't believe we had the gall, like the fucking temerity to be like, nice opening bid, like we'd like to counter. And she said, yeah. And I was like, well fuck that guy. You know, because like, I don't wanna be in business with somebody like that. You know who, by the way, not every Ryan Murphy production is a masterpiece, okay? Not every Ryan Murphy production is like the OJ Simpson trial, you know, ma, whatever it was called Made in America was the doc. It's far superior. But you know, I, I was like, wow. And then my second question was, I literally said to my agent, like, what do you hear? Like, what kind of drugs is he on? Because this feels like drug addict behavior to me. Not saying he is. I'm just saying it feels very schizophrenic.


So, and then I was talking to another friend of mine who also happens to write books, and she told me that the same thing happened to her, you know, but she did wind up like letting Ryan Murphy option her book. And he sat on it for years and was constantly promising every year that Oh, your, your book's top of my list. That's, that's the next one. And then it never was. And like he sat on it so long that it lost all momentum and nobody cares about it anymore. And so, you know, I think I really dodged a bullet, but that's just a little bit of like how that kind of scene works. And it's not, it's not nearly as exciting as you think it is. Like, literally anytime someone's like, oh, someone from, you know, you're just like, do I have to like, they can just email it to me.


Anyway. Okay, now we are getting to mail, okay. From you guys, listener mail. I am so excited to do this. Okay. Because I think we're, I think we're having a bit of a mind melt. Okay. This is an email from someone who just signs off as Kevin. Hi Maureen. I have been loving the show so far. Thank you Kevin. I definitely thank you brother Bill from Brooklyn should be on as much as you want to have him on the show. He reminds me of myself. We, bill is also developing a contingent of female fans who, you know, express disappointment that he is very happily married. So, you know, but enjoy him.


Okay. On the show. That is, I also think that you should have the tearing apart of the advice columnist as a regular segment. And I agree. I think it's really funny. Now, also as a 49-year-old man, Kevin says, I wanted to say I appreciate the mean girl segment. Kevin goes on to say he's part of a group of people on Facebook. It's a movie discussion group, but anytime he offers any opinion that is lightly politically conservative, he gets a lot of mean, nasty pushback. Okay? And it's cruel. He uses the word cruel. It, it hurt. He's a 49-year-old man and this hurts him. So Kevin says, the mean girls thing can happen regardless of age and gender, unfortunately.


And so anyway, please keep exposing those people. You got it Kevin. That's what we're here for. Doing it all day long. Okay, now this is another email about Mean Girl stuff. And this letter is signed merely a viewer from Sweden. And like it's kind of mind blowing, people are watching us in other countries and I'm totally humbled by this. Okay, so in regard to Mean Girls and Meghan Markle, one in the same my opinion, she writes that there are so many similar behaviors between what's being reported about Prince Harry's wife. I love that we should just call her Prince Harry's wife from now on and adult mean girls in the office. I've been subjected to personally being singled out and targeted by such a person in the workplace, finding yourself suddenly the one, an adult mean girl has her sights on in the office can really do a number on you and viewer from Sweden as you signed off.


I can relate. And let me tell you that when I was starting out at the New York Post, I will not, na, I will not name this person to, and it's a kindness that frankly she doesn't deserve. But I wound up working for this woman who, you know, hired me and I was warned by more than one person to not do it. Don't do it. Don't go work for this person. And I did. And when I tell you that I was tormented within an inch of my life, I was made to work like till two or three in the morning, multiple nights in a row. I would be berated, I would be yelled at, I would find myself like just like in tears in her office. Like I'm not a crier, I'm not, I'm not like that.


I like, I have a pretty tough shell. Like I can take a lot, but the humiliation and the bullying and the ga, the gaslighting, you know, and it was so bad that like these experienced, these older men who were very experienced newsroom veterans would make it a point to walk by her office whenever I was in there. It was glass walls and poke their heads in and be like, is everything okay in here? Everything okay in here? I later outsmarted her and outed her as the bully she was. And she eventually got ding, ding, ding down, down, down the totem pole until they forced her out and gave her a going away party that was doubled as a real humiliation for her on her way out the door.


She asked me to have a private meeting. I almost had a trauma response to it, but I went, 'cause I knew it was gonna happen. And like all bullies, she was just doing a little housekeeping on the way out the door. Like, you know, making sure that like I wouldn't talk shit about her. You know, I regret certain things that I did all this kind of passive language. I just let her get away with it. I was like, you know what? It's gonna come back to her someday. She, if she's listening and watching you consider this right now. Like I knew exactly what you were doing and why you were doing with it. And I don't forgive, you know, I don't carry a grudge. I don't carry this with me daily, but you're a piece of shit and you knew it. And by the way, I later found out from one of my best friends who I made while working there, this is the really creepy part that she would say to one of my best friends often, I'm sure after yet another abuse session.


Don't you think Maureen is really pretty? Don't you think that she's really pretty? And I was like, oh my God. There was like probably a psychosexual component to this that I was completely unaware of. And that creeped me out even further because stuff was going on in this woman's sick mind. Just my opinion, you know? But you know, you lived, you learned, you know, I probably, that experience did teach me a lot as I did say to her that wasn't a lie, but she's a piece of shit. Anyway, okay, from another viewer listener, Harry's crown Jewels, I, this is Mike. I am not a psychologist, but I did a deep dive into Harry's psyche upon seeing your coverage of him knocking on random doors in London.


I love this forthcoming theory. He is seeking his lost manhood, his lost crown jewels. I wish I can shout to him that his testicles are most likely tucked away like gems in one of Meghan's handcrafted lavender Ches with sachets rather, sorry, with a big handwritten H on her custom printed stationary. I happened to tour. I, I think they're at the bottom of a body of water somewhere. But you know, tomato, tomato. I happened to tour Windsor Castle after they got married and would happily fill in as the spare being served gin and tonics and finger sandwiches while reading my Kindle. Not a bad life. I agree with you Mike. Okay, female friendships, this is from Jill.


She says that throughout my life, before I was married, especially I had many strong female friendships, but the fights and fallouts with women always hurt more than any breakup with a man. Now I'm left with almost no female friends. Most of the men I dated, I was glad to be rid of, understand, sympathize completely with you. But with women it was different. Now I agree. She says her theory is that the pattern she noticed was that many of my worst conflicts were with women who didn't have brothers. Having a brother growing up makes a difference. It teaches you how to argue, forgive, and move on. These women often couldn't let go of an issue, which we are seeing right now with Michelle Obama who did grow up with a brother.


But you know, we're seeing this in real time. I frankly think her brother is terrified of her. Okay, now she says that her first friendship breakup was in the sixth grade. Same Jill, it ended in a humiliating fight. Same Jill surrounded by a circle of classmates outside the schoolyard. Mine did not, but like everybody knew about it, that moment left a lasting mark. And I remember it vividly. Same. Okay, Jill goes on to say the following wise sage words, as we grow older, we should recognize that a true female friend is a gift. We shouldn't be so quick to cut ties over misunderstandings or emotions that should pass friendship later.


That should pass rather, excuse me, friendship later in life is just as important as family. I could not agree with you more. Okay, two more really quick ones. There is one, this is my, this might be my favorite subject, line of recent days, sexual attraction to mountains. Okay? A reference to our conversation about our friend who was climbing mountains like a crazy person. So first, again, this person who signed off I, I'm sorry I've lost your last page, but you know who you are, first of all took the time to acknowledge my greatness as a, as an astronaut. Now thank you so sir. Okay, now the JFK junior stuff, he is reminding me of a couple of interviews.


And you know this, this falls into the Ryan Murphy thing, which you know, by the way, I'm just gonna say to Ryan Murphy, if I see stuff that is proprietary to my book that you tried to option and then decided not to and it's in your project, there's going to be a problem. Okay? He said that he recalled seeing a 42-year-old man after JFK Jr. Crashed that plane fatally killing, fatally killing his redundant, the fatal crash that killed him, his wife and his sister-in-law. A 42-year-old man at Teeter bur Teeter Borough Airport, New Jersey, was interviewed in a newspaper, said that he had been a licensed pilot since age 15 before he was even licensed to do drive a car.


He arrived at Teeter borough planning to fly to Nantucket the night he saw JFK Jr. This was the night of the crash, doing a flight check of his plane while hobbling around on crutches. True. This 42-year-old pilot with 27 years experience as a licensed pilot pilot looked at the weather charts and decided not to fly to Nantucket that night, even as he saw JFK Jr get into his plane and take off. And that guy went home and turned on CNN. And you know, the rest is history. Okay? And oh, that was Joe from Delaware. That was, thank you Joe from Delaware.


I loved your email and our final one for today. And I think this is a great email and I think we should all brainstorm. Hi Maureen, another great episode of the Nerf. Thank you. Thanks legit following growing. Thank you. Thanks to you guys. Really her question, is there a collective name for viewers of the nerve? I think this is a great question. Most YouTube channels with a big following give their viewers a collective name. So we could call ourselves that. Like she mentions Heather McDonald, the comedian who's got a juicy Scoop YouTube channel and her viewers are called Juicy Scoopers. So I think this is a great idea.


I mean, I kind of thought, like when I read this email, I thought, well, like I'm not really great at this stuff. It takes me a long time. So anyway, I'm gonna, I'm gonna deputize you guys like gimme some suggestions. What should we be calling ourselves? And I think that's enough homework really. I think this was a really packed episode. It's a great Friday episode, right? We covered a lot, we covered the gamut. Now we will see you next Tuesday. But I also wanna know that, I wanna let you know, rather that we are constantly hearing and reading your feedback and we know you guys are loving the mini nerves and the drops on the weekend and we've got another one for you this weekend.


So keep your eyes out for it, I think think it's real. It's something we've never done before. It's a way we've come at celebrity and pop culture in a way we've never done before. And we've got this trio, we've got an actress, director, producer, we've got a chef, and we've got an author. And each one is bonkers in its own special way. We will see you back here when we see you at the nerve where you'll never guess what we're about to say next.


Businesses come in all shapes and sizes. Maybe your small business expanding into a new space, a mid-size company, planning for the future, or a large operation, investing in the latest equipment, whatever your needs. Atlantic Union Bank is here, providing easy access to knowledgeable bankers with local market insights and the right digital tools to keep your business moving forward. Because you deserve a relationship manager who cares? Call visit us online or stop by a branch today, Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.