
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Oh, we have a great, great health and wellness show lined up for you today. But some important things to get to, well, both in the actual show, and first with this announcement in an exclusive here at the Megan Kelly show. This is a follow up to a story we brought you a couple of weeks ago when we had US Senator Tommy Tuberville, Tuberville of Alabama here, coach. We talked about the fact that the Senate was not bringing the protection of women and girls in sports Act to the floor.


Watch 79% of the people in this country, Republican and Democrats say it is wrong for men or boys to participate in women's sports. John Toon told me he is gonna get it to the floor. He hadn't done it. Now it's time to put up or shut up. 50 years of Title ix, it has been decimated by the Biden and the Democrats and all the far left progressives. Now is the time to put pressure on the Democrats, get them on the vote that they're gonna vote against girls and women. Let's don't worry about winning or losing on this. Let's get it out there where people can see what's going on. Well, we can report exclusively now that the bill will in fact hit the floor.


It's expected to hit tomorrow. All GOP senators are expected to vote. Yes, we'll see about the other side of the aisle. We've gotta, You know, they gotta get through the cloture vote first, which is where they vote on whether they should have a vote. That's where the Democrats can stop it. So in other words, you need 60 yes votes to allow a vote. And if they can't get 60 yes votes to allow a vote, then the bill dies. If they get 60 yes votes to allow a vote, then the Republicans should get this through since they have a majority in the Senate. And all we're told, all GOP senators are expected to vote yes on the protection of women and girls in Sports Act, which does exactly what it says it's going to do and keeps biological boys out of girls' sports.


Will the Democrats, seven of them cross over to allow a cloture vote so they, we can see a substantive vote go forward. We'll watch out and, and we will be naming every single name who votes against this. We will be looking at their districts. And I guarantee you that there will be an activation like you've never seen before in every single one of those senators districts. I'm talking to you Democrats, forget Republicans if they did this every single Democrat, because this issue has over 80% support with the American public. What kind of villain would vote against even allowing a vote to protect young girls? We will be naming you all if you vote against this.


So let's find out and con on the other side, if we get seven Democrats who allow this vote to go forward, who vote for the bill, anybody who actually substantively supports it, we will be celebrating here you here on the Megan Kelley show. And don't think it doesn't matter. Trust me it does. We continue to face uncertainty when it comes to the economy with a perfect storm brewing as social security and Medicare hit a breaking point, as the largest generation is hitting retirement, a smaller workforce means a smaller tax base. You pair that with our growing national debt and rising cost of living and we could have a big problem. So what are you doing now to protect your family for the future?


Well, gold can be a safe haven in hard economic times. And Birch gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold. Birch Gold will help you transition an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold, and it does not cost you 1 cent out of pocket. Protect your future today. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get your free info kit on gold and a copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. There's no obligation, just information. Birch Gold has earned the trust of countless Americans looking to safeguard their savings. Just text my initials MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


Alright, now to today's show later we're gonna be joined by the one of the most fascinating men in media right now. His name is Brian Johnson. You probably have seen his promo on Netflix. He's leading the Don't Die movement. I mean, I think we know how that turns out, but he would say we don't. He has personally taken some extreme measures to try to live up to his movement's name. And if you bought the watch this Netflix documentary, it's crazy the way he's living. But You know, is he crazy like a fox? Is he going to outlive us all? And does he have some helpful tips where we could be maybe less extreme, but maybe instead of living forever, we get an extra 10 good years?


We will talk to him second hour first though, we start with a close advisor to Robert F Kennedy Jr. As RFKJ takes over at HHS. Dr. Aseem Malhotra is the co-founder of Metabolic Reset. It's an online group to support your metabolic health. The doctor's been on this program before and we talked about his thoughts on things like your LBL cholesterol and how this may not really be the be all end all when it comes to predicting whether you're going to have a heart attack. And it was a fascinating episode. He is a cardiologist. Asim, welcome back to the show. Great to see you.


Likewise, Megan. I love the, the time that we had together before because it really takes something that's a very scary number to most people, which is that LDL score and gives people a new way of thinking about it. You know, you can talk to your own cardiologist, but you are a cardiologist and you are, were making some really interesting points about how we've been ruled by that number for too long. And we've been totally reliant on these statins for too long, irrespective of whether they cause side effects that can be very annoying for to those taking them. So anyway, I'll get you the episode number folks so you can go back and take a look at that. But now Asim is advising RFKJ and has got some thoughts on what's happening at HHS and where RFKJ is likely to take the, the public health industry already.


We've seen the need for him just this week in the news, the fact that the FDA's top dog left the FDA and went to Pfizer to be hired as their Chief Medical officer. This is exactly what RFKJ said. He was going to try to tackle this revolving door between big pharma and our public health agencies, which are obviously compromised. Your thoughts on it? Yeah, Megan, it's just a symptom of a system failure, really. These commercial distortions of health and healthcare. We had something similar in the UK last year. Jonathan Vanta, who was a deputy chief medical officer, left his government position to get a lucrative job with Moderna.


So it's almost things are happening in parallel. And You know, it's a real issue because we know that the interests of these big corporations, these drug companies, is not putting people first. It's about profit, it's profit through manipulation, profit through mass deception. We've seen the worst of the, You know, the, the sort of the greatest failings of the system played out through the Covid pandemic, certainly with the rollout of the Covid vaccine. And it really just continues. It's this sort of behavior to be honest. And these sorts of actions just can, will undermine trust in the, in, in our institutions on the medical establishment. It's, it's really amazing and it's disgusting. I mean, this woman, she actually went to FDA from Pfizer, then goes to FDA, overseeing public health and the, the drugs that are gonna be fed to us and then goes right back out back to Pfizer.


I mean, whose interest is she actually serving Here? Yeah, yeah. So You know, it, it's interesting because also let's, people need to understand why or how this happens. One of the problems we have with, You know, the approval of the, of drugs or vaccines is that the so-called regulatory agencies that people believe to be independent or not, the FDA gets 65% of its funding from big pharma. So what that means is, as well for the PE for the people. Can You say that again? Can you just say that again? I don't know if people understand that. Yeah, the FDA and other regulators, like in the uk the MHRA get most of their funding from pharma. So the FDA gets 65% of its funding from big pharma.


So it's in the interest in a way you can understand. So the people working the FDA who are proving the drugs, they don't wanna bite the hand that feeds them. But also if they are friendly to industry, they potentially know that down the line they're gonna get offered lucrative jobs with big pharma. You know, government, government jobs don't pay as well as they, You know, these big corporations do. So it's a, it's a huge bias in the system and it's damaging. It's very, very damaging. You use the right word. Follow up on that. What? Disgusting Geting is the right word, Meghan. What do mean, what do you mean they get 65% of their funding from big pharma? Like what, what do you mean is why isn't the federal government f funding the FDA? Yeah, well that's a really good question. So I think things really started to, I mean, this is part of the economic system wein Meghan.


So in, in the, up until sort of the eighties, maybe early nineties, most of the funding of these regulatory agencies came from gov from government. But because of the economic change, something called the neoliberalism that was the brainchild of a Chicago economist who was very close to Ronald Reagan. His name was Milton Friedman. He basically, You know, wanted to reduce regulations, if you like, and allow companies to basically, You know, have open season when it came to drug development, less regulation, et cetera. And government obviously thought it was, it was better for them to reduce spending, not knowing what the consequences would be. I don't think this is deliberate. And over time what would happen is the drug companies then took over funding the very industries that's supposed to regulate them because it, it's in, it suits their interest, doesn't it?


Of course. Because then they get more drugs approved more quickly. And, and we are now in a situation where we are having to deal with a massive overmedicated population around the world in the United States, You know, it's estimated globally. I've said this before, but people need to hear it again that the third most common cause of death after heart disease and can cancer globally is prescribed medications. This is not even to do with the covid vaccine or the vaccines. This is pre pandemic figures. And this is just one symptom of why we've got here. Really, Megan, it, It's, this is all connected, it's unacceptable discussing, right? Yeah. The, the, the way we eat, the toxins that we ingest on a daily basis, the way we poison ourselves with virtually everything that's all around us.


And then a public health system that gets rich off of chronic illness and federal regulators who are supposed to be looking out for us, who actually are on the take to big pharma and industries like that, and more interested in patting their own pockets than they are potentially in helping the rest of us. Or at least that's how it looks. I mean, I don't know this patrizia kava zoni, but she was the director of the FDA's Center for Drug Evaluation and Research From 2020 through this past January, she resigned just ahead of Trump. Ooh, returning to office. And now where does she go? Chief Medical officer at Pfizer. Well, it's interesting, Megan, 'cause I didn't know that. And that for me suggests that she had a big role to play in the approval of the COVID vaccine, which we know has been an absolute horror.


Right? If you look at the evidence now, if you allow me to elaborate a little bit on that. Yeah, I mean, things keep accumulating over time. You know, when the, when the dr, when the Covid vaccine was approved, let's say Pfizer and Moderna, which was the most prominent COVID vaccines used in the United States, we were under this impression and it was obviously fueled by, You know, all sorts of media, especially the legacy media, that it was gonna be very protective, maybe 95 to a hundred percent protective against infection, et cetera, et cetera. And Of course that all, You know, ultimately proved to be false. But the, when the original trials were reanalyzed by independent scientists, and this was then published in the peer-reviewed journal vaccine, which is the highest impact medical journal for vaccines.


What they found is from the very beginning, Megan, you were more likely to suffer serious harm from the covid vaccine mRNA vaccines than you were to be hospitalized with covid. And that serious harm rate in the trial was only a short-term harm. 'cause I wanna come onto long-term harms in a second. And that was a rate of about one in 800, right? So if you, if you think, and, and that's on the most rigorous data, that's their own original trials where everything is supposed to be equal in terms of the participants who are in the placebo group who don't get the vaccine, the ones that get the vaccine, same background, same age, et cetera. But one, these trials are designed and they were all, they were designed by the drug companies. So this is another problem, You know, they designed the trials, they control the data, they then give summary results to the regulator.


The regulator then approves them. But Of course it's in the interest of the regulator to approve them if they're getting funding from big pharma. So it's a complete mess that's just short-term harms. And then there was an interesting survey done. The United States, which was published in one of the major medical journals, I must say though later retracted not because of error, but because of pressure, because of the, the media frenzy that happened as a result of it. They did a, a survey in the United States that revealed, according to 57% of people surveyed, felt that they knew somebody, either they'd been severely injured or they knew someone that had died or been severely injured from the vaccine. They extrapolated from that and estimated there may have been in the first year of the covid vaccine in the United States alone, Meghan 280,000 deaths and 1 million serious adverse events.


Now given the other data we know from around the world, there was a publication, the BMJ by Dutch researchers, which suggested the COVID vaccines have contributed to 2 million excess deaths globally. You know, this is pretty horrific stuff. And only last week, you may be aware, Yale researchers published new research that showed a long-term effect problem from the vaccine, which is that people who had what we call post vaccine syndrome or long covid symptoms like fatigue and brain fog, for example, two years after having the vaccine, Megan, they found in this particular group, they didn't look at other groups that there was still circulating spike protein in the body, which essentially can be causing damage to the tissues or causing an autoimmune reaction.


I personally, Megan and I was pretty okay after the initial vaccine, about a year and a half after the vaccine, I developed psoriasis and autoimmune condition linked to that depression. And I wasn't sure what was going on. And there's a brilliant doctor in Malibu, a very well-known established gastroenterologist called Sabine Hasan, and she did some published research, which is pretty extraordinary and a bit scary, but we need to talk about it, is that she found that three years after taking the covid vaccine, a very important bacteria in the gut called bifida bacteria, it's part, a very important part of the gut microbiome. It's a good bacteria after three years went down to zero.


Now why that's important is that bacteria is very important for health. It's important for producing neurotransmitters like serotonin. So a lot of people might be suffering from anxiety depression because of a vaccine they had two or three years ago. It triggered, i, I almost certainly she feels, she called me up and said a scene, you have the exact signature of someone who's vaccine injured because your bifid is zero. And I I, I've had this resistant problem for now, You know, coming up to a year and a half, I've still got depression. It's mild, but it's still debilitating at times. And I see other doctors I speak to are saying they're seeing explosion of autoimmune conditions. Megan, if you don't mind me asking, I remember you mentioned the fact that you had some issue that you think was vaccine related that caused an autoimmune review As well. Yeah, I positive for an autoimmune condition, though it was undiagnosed or unspecified, which one?


Right, okay. So, and and in your mind, do you feel it may have been linked from, You know, with everything You know about Your health? Well, I asked the rheumatologist, no, I asked the rheumatologist, I said, do you think this could be linked to the fact that I got the, I got double shotted by C-O-V-I-I, by Pfizer. I had both of the vaccines and then I got one booster. And in New York you couldn't travel, you couldn't do anything unless you prove it was just ridiculous. I'm, I wish I hadn't done it, but I did. So I got that third booster, first booster and third shot total. And within a month I got COI, it was right when the omicron version started to circulate. So within a month I both had the, the, the booster and then covid and that.


Then I had my annual physical and it showed up and I then got sent to a rheumatologist and I asked her, do you think this, 'cause it was unspecified, it was like, which one they tested for a few specific autoimmunes. It didn't like register one or versus another. And I said, do you think this could be because of what just happened with the getting the booster and then getting covid within a month? And she said, yes, I do. And she, you're not the only patient I have seen have this exact sequence of events. Yeah. So I think this is, I mean, something I'm seeing with lots of patients, there's more and more reports coming out and I think, You know what really needs to happen, Meghan? Now there needs to be a moratorium on this covid vaccine globally. You know, certainly I know, and I'm sure you've read this, that You know, people who are in prominent positions, certainly with, You know, within the new Trump administration, I know they've already expressed concerns historically about the COVID vaccines.


We don't need to name them. We all know who they are. But I think the one thing that still needs to happen, and I I've gotta be honest, I I think, You know, president Trump is, is a remarkable man in the way that he has come back. He's so resilient. He's exactly the disruptor we need right now to really change the system for the good. And he's made some really important comments about how making sure big pharma companies are accountable. I don't think yet he's on the same page and probably 'cause he doesn't have the full information around the Covid vaccine. One of the things that keeps getting perpetuated in the media is this, and I'll explain why this is completely false, that the Covid vaccine has saved tens of millions or millions of lives. And the data on which that, You know, that information is based Megan is not even, it's, it's the lowest level quality of evidence.


It's not even considered in the hierarchy of evidence-based medicine to the extent where one of the leading figures in the world in evidence-based medicine, a guy called Carl Henigan at the Center of Evidence-Based Medicine in Oxford, wrote an article saying that this claim is implausible not just him in the United States. You have the most cited medical researcher in the world. His name's Professor John ais from Stanford. I call him the Stephen Hawking of Medicine. You know, a couple of years ago he wrote an article in one of the peer-reviewed journals saying that non-randomized studies, so studies which aren't the one which I described earlier, were the one in 800 fig figure of harm. He says that claims of them being, You know, so beneficial or preventing deaths from covid, et cetera, et cetera, may be spurious.


In other words, fake. So, You know, we need to really put this to bed. And I think if anybody, You know, we have this conversation so that President Trump, and I think he's, he's up for turning because I think he was deceived. He was misled by these drug companies. We need to get to a situation where he comes out and says, listen, You know what? We, we did this with the best of intentions. You know, we, and it's true. We may have saved, You know, some lives, certainly in the high risk people. But overall now the fact that it was given to so many other people at low risk, it's very clear, Meghan, for me, it's very, very clear with the evidence that we've done more harm than good here and it needs to stop. And, and, and the reason need to stop This. So right about now, let me ask you this, Asim, and by the way, before I forget, the earlier episode with Asim was episode 9 6 4 9 6 4.


Right about now, a lot of viewers are having the water rising right here. Like they're starting to get very stressed out because virtually everybody got the vaccine. And, and we have seen, I mean, who among us has not seen a sudden death by a loved one, a friend, it's somebody else's friend, et cetera, over the past few years and wondered, is it related to that vaccine? And they never say, they will never say it was the vaccine. I mean, just nobody says that, but it's like, okay, young hell, otherwise healthy people are dropping dead. And you both worry for those you love and you worry for yourself. I mean, I talk to people who are going down to Mexico and getting all their blood replaced. I'm like, well that, how could that possibly work?


When you've altered your genes, if you've altered your genes, replacing all your blood with new blood is not going to change it. And you, your your own body, I think replaces your blood anyway over the course of time anyway. Is there anything you can say to make them feel better about their prospects right now? Well, listen, I think we have to, You know, con confront an uncomfortable truth, Meghan, let's be honest, first and foremost. But one of the things why we need to get this stopped and pulled and we need the president involved is because, You know, it's gonna give us more information of what we need to do to sort this out. Identify who's at risk so people don't worry unnecessarily identify who may be at risk of a further problem. And then we can use the best minds of science and medicine to actually, You know, allow research to take place to find the solution.


Megan, that's another issue. It's not just that, oh, You know, people have said to me, Dr. Malhotra, listen, it's happened. People don't know about it. I said, no, this is gonna be an ongoing issue and we need to talk about it right now so that we can stop problems in the future. One of the things I do, for example, is I, You know, I see many patients who are vaccine injured. One of the definite things they can do, certainly, which will help is that, which is exactly what, You know, make America Health again, is about, is optimize their health when it comes to diet, when it comes to exercise, when it comes to reducing stress. Because all these things are additional factors that make you more likely to suffer from these vaccine injuries. One of the other issues that's emerged as well, unfortunately, is that, You know, and it's interesting, you said you got, it's not unusual that you got covid about a month after having the, You know, was it the booster or the second dose?


Because it, we now know, and this sounds, it sounds crazy to say it, and it's not just me. I, I had an email exchange with one of the world's top immunologists, his name is Robert Clancy in Australia. And he just thinks it's, he's just, You know, it's mind boggling for him that is still being used. It causes immunosuppression. We have one of the world's top oncologists, Angus DLE in the uk who is actually behind, You know, identifying the CD four cells being involved in AIDS and HIV, right? He's a very eminent guy. He's an oncologist and an immunologist, and he's saying that it cause immunosuppression and especially people who've had boosters and more vulnerable to getting cancer. I've had people who I know, friends of, You know, my friends younger brothers, et cetera, You know, developing cancer and, and it's just, and as a doctor, You know, intuitively something isn't right.


And we have the data suggesting that the covid vaccine has a mechanism where it can do this. Now, I'm not saying this is for everybody, and I think it's still gonna be in a, in a minority, but, You know, the problem is we are now in a situation, and I am also equally anxious having thought I was probably okay. And as You know, my father died as a result of the covid vaccine. Almost certainly had a sudden cardiac death six months after having two doses of Pfizer, is that we are now in this uncertain phase where is, You know, can problems develop in three or four or five years times that we, that at the moment we're, we're basically ticking bombs. I, You know, I don't like to use these words lightly, but, You know, I, sorry, I don't wanna, I don't wanna exaggerate the, the, the fear, but we need to really have this conversation, not be afraid to say we are concerned and doctors are Seeing no, there's no accountability.


That's the thing. Like, not at all, I remember saying on this program, if something is go, goes very wrong with the vaccine, these drug companies are going to have to fix it because look at the number of people who are taking the vaccine. There's no way they'll be able to just allow millions of people to be vaccine injured and move forward. And that I I've never been more wrong about anything that, that is the number one thing I have been wrong about. They, they've been, they've moved on. I mean, Steve Krakau, my Ep was just saying in my ear, we couldn't have even had this conversation three years ago. I mean, as it is, YouTube's probably gonna slap a bunch of warnings on this discussion. Fine, nobody reads your warnings. YouTube, but e even to get this video to live three years ago would've been very hard for us.


Yeah. And so it's like the, the mere fact that you're allowed to raise these questions and say these things is real progress, but we're far, far, far from Pfizer having to look at us and say, here's what we're doing about it. Yeah, no, Of course. And actually their model in fact is probably, and this is how business has done, make money from both sides, is that they are now gonna, You know, they've invested heavily in, in cancer drugs for turbo cancers, which are also one of the potential adverse effects of this covid vaccine. So, oh my god. You know, and that's why I, You know, the definition, and this is important for people to understand, we, we have, You know, these big corporations who've got more power than ever, they've become the dominant force in our society, more economic power than many governments.


Okay. Almost tyrannical to, to a large degree. And the way to describe them as legal entities in the way they make money has been defined by the preeminent expert Robert Hare psychologist as actually fulfilling the criteria for psychopaths, psychopathy, You know, callison concern for the safety of others, incapacity to experience guilt repeated lying and conning others for profit. You know, and, and this is something that we, I've seen and been very much aware of, pre pandemic, I had, Of course I had a blind spot on, on the covid vaccine as I had for all vaccines, Megan, because I took two doses myself. But with all the other drugs in the system, I knew that this is exactly how it worked. And Of course you see this confluence of interest with like big food, people talk about, You know, big food essentially drive the chronic disease and then big pharma give us drugs, which by the way, in general are pretty useless.


That's another conversation that needs to be had. When we talk about making America healthy again. And this is, and this is absolute fact, most drugs, so most, a large proportion from most of the health expenditure in the US comes from prescription drugs for chronic disease management. But chronic disease management are things like heart disease, high blood pressure, type two diabetes, for example, so-called high cholesterol. We talked about all already, most people taking those drugs are not gonna get any benefit because this is another, You know, shift in the paradigm, in the dis in the, the conversations that happens between doctors and patients. We talked about statins for example, that the benefit at best from taking a statin and preventing a heart attack. People who are, who have not already had heart attack, which is most people taking statins is 1%, one in a hundred patients are not told that they're not given informed choice, but they're all then exposed to side effects.


But the good news is, Megan, once this information becomes freely available and these conversations start happening, we could very quickly improve the system. We can get a more efficient healthcare system. We can reduce costs and improve quality as well at the same time. Okay, But here's the frustrating thing as a consumer or a patient is even I, I wouldn't say I'm anywhere near as like immersed information as the full Maha team is, but I mean, I've done a fair amount of interviews with people like you who are very smart on these issues and I remain confused. Like for example, on the cholesterol issue you and I had, we talked about the LDLs and how they may not be the scary thing that your cardiologist or your doctor will tell you they are. And that in fact, as you, you made the point that a higher LDL actually could have a protective effect for older people when it comes to other illnesses and didn't think much of statins and so on.


And then I read good energy by Casey means, who I love and respect and think she's amazing. She's not a cardiologist, but she is a doctor and she's like, gotta keep the LDLs down, right? So it's like, ugh, I, You know, it's like well-meaning people like me are like, I don't know what to do. And, and you're talking about, You know, your heart health and a potential heart attack, so you don't really don't wanna get it wrong. Yeah, Yeah, no, I get that. And, and You know, to be fair to, to Casey as well, I mean I'm in a very unique position when it comes to the cholesterol discussion because I've probably, I'm not blowing my own trumpet here as an independent doctor, as a cardiologist that doesn't have any link to industry. I've probably done more research and publications and, and deep dive and understanding of this cholesterol statin issue than anyone in the world.


And the reality is that once you correct for what we call triglycerides and HDL, You know, parts of the cholesterol profile essentially links to Essex, excess body fat and insulin resistance, You know, driven by ultra processed food. There is no relationship with LDL cholesterol and development of heart disease. That data was actually already available years ago, You know, at the end of the late nineties, the, the, the co-director of the framing of study, which is where cholesterol emerges, a so-called risk factor of heart disease, said that if your LDL cholesterol essentially, You know, was below, You know, You know, as an independent risk factor, did not become apparent as a, a risk factor of heart disease unless it was at least above two 50 or 300.


Oh wow. And most, You know, 99% of people, Megan don't have LDL cholesterol that high. And then we did further research and this group of people that have got a very high LDL genetically called familial hyperlipidemia that affects one in 250 people. Let's just look at those. And this is published in BMJ evidence, space medicine period. People can look this up mean number of scientists. And we found that in people with very, very high levels of LDL cholesterol above 300, for example, there was no difference in the ones that develop heart disease in their LDL levels and the ones that did develop heart disease. And therefore that is another nail in the coffin to this LDL theory hypothesis that it cause heart disease. You know, it, it's basically a, I would say a trillion dollar.


It's a trillion dollar industry. It's a trillion dollar scam. You know, the statin benefit that I mentioned, 1% is there from the trials. Having said that, another caveat again, Megan, which is what we need to do and change the system with Maha, is that these drug trials have never been independently evaluated. So we have to trust drug companies, but let's just say it is true that it's 1% benefit, okay? That's because statins have an independent effect where they are slightly anti-clotting and anti-inflammatory and heart disease is a inflammatory condition linked to abnormal clotting and insulin resistance. We, when you look at all the other drugs at lowering cholesterol or diet, just lowering LDL cholesterol, again, I was, I in, I was involved in this research published in BMD, evidence-based medicine.


We looked at this and we found no relationship. So lowering cholesterol per se does not prevent heart attacks or stroke. This is a, an absolute, You know, okay, so Look what does, what does, What does? Okay. Alright. So the, the main driver of, of, of heart disease, the number one sort of risk factor is insulin resistance, which basically is linked to five markers. And that's why I set up this program called metabolic health, which is very easy to measure, very simple. Most doctors aren't having these conversations with patients, which is basically looking at two markers of your cholesterol profile, triglycerides and HDL, so-called good cholesterol, your waist circumference, Megan, whether you have a high blood pressure or what we call pre-high blood pressure, pre-hypertension, or whether you're pre-diabetic or type two diabetic.


Now one in three adult Americans are type two diabetic and 93% of American adults now have suboptimal metabolic health. Okay? The good news, Megan, is this, you can optimize this within weeks of just changing diet, cutting out the ultra processed food, minimizing the sugar and the starches from your diet and, and basically reset. That's what we call metabolic reset. That's Do that, listen to what he just said, what he just said. 'cause I still have heard from my cardiologist, You know, stop eating so much red meat, stop eating so much red meat. And you're, you didn't even mention red meat. You're talking about ultra foods. Yeah. Sugar and starchy carbs. Absolutely. There is no relationship with the consumption of red meat.


The most extensive studies have been done looked in their totality. Red meat and heart disease, red meat. I'm not saying it's protective, but it's a very nutritious food. I tell my cardiac patients, these are cardiac patients who have heart attacks. I tell them, listen, cut the ultra processed foods, follow the best components of Mediterranean diet, extra virgin olive oil, oily fish, whole fruit and vegetables. But I'm not worried about how many steaks you at week. I'll tell you something interesting. Only yesterday I had a consultation with a patient. This is an a great story, Megan, I'm glad I'm gonna share this with you for the first time. This is a guy that saw me almost 10 years ago. He comes for a follow up. He, at the age of 62, he was diagnosed with severe blockages in all of his heart arteries. He was recommended to have a coronary artery bypass surgery.


Okay? And essentially told that unless he had it, he's probably gonna die within a very short space of time within a few years now. He came to me and he said, listen doctor, I don't wanna go under the knife. I wanna try alternatives. This is my personal preference. I really don't wanna have surgery. Luckily at that point, his symptoms were quite mild, but he had those blockages diagnosed and he said, is there anything else I can do? I've read your work. Can I go on a diet plan? Can I do a lifestyle change? And I gave him that plan exactly that I told him, You know, I went through his diet and he was, You know, he was a CEO of a company. If I remember correctly. He was spending eight hours of the day in a car. He was sedentary, he was eating snack foods and, and sweets all the time. You know, so there's lots of room for improvement. He completely changed his diet.


I also found that he was very stressed. So, You know, I advised him to do breath work meditation. He also was, You know, thinking about coming towards retirement early because of his, You know, his heart issue. And he was, You know, wealthy enough to be able to do that. So he contacts me only yesterday. I had a consultation with him and I presumed when he got back in touch with me that he'd done this for a while, but ultimately needed a bypass. And he was gonna come to me and say, listen, I had the bypass and I just wanna check in with you and, and see how things are going, et cetera, et cetera, and anything else I can do. Megan, he didn't have the bypass. He now, You know, grows his own vegetables. He cooks completely transformed his life. He swims three times a week. He walks his dog five miles a day. He's got no symptoms.


And this is nine years after being told essentially he could probably die if he didn't have a bicep bypass operation. That is the power of lifestyle change. What, what? And by the way, sorry, the other thing to say, yeah, this was without a statin. He got side effects from the statin and stopped his statin. That was the other part of the discussion. He's not taking a statin and hasn't taken a statin for nine years. How does the calcium score play in? Okay, the calcium score is a really good, useful, validated test that is simple to do a little bit of radiation through CT scan takes five minutes non-invasive. And what it does is it tells you the buildup of what we call coronary calcium. Nothing to do with diet, by the way, nothing to do with blood calcium. The calcium is basically deposited where there is inflammation and where blockages tend to occur.


And you can get a score, anything from zero, which is completely normal to well over a thousand, which indicates there is a lot of furry of the arteries. But what's useful about the calcium score, Megan as well, is it actually gives you a very accurate prediction more than cholesterol blood. Well, cholesterol we know is essentially useless, but You know, more than other factors, it gives you a prediction of your risk of a heart attack or stroke in the next 10 years. So I use it quite often in patients that have come who have been scared by their doctor saying, you're gonna die because your cholesterol's high unless you take a statin. And we do the calcium score on the Megan, and Of course a lot of cholesterol, You know that the so-called LDL is, You know, 80% of it essentially is genetic. Okay? You are born with it. So if they come to me in they're middle age, if their LDL cholesterol has been a problem for them, they're gonna have significant heart disease.


Do the calcium score zero. Wow. That's an important Test. I can so can reassure them that they don't need to worry about their cholesterol essentially. Peter Atal likes that one too. He likes the calcium score just as sort of a baseline of where you are. So this is also fascinating. This is like, it, I'm so thrilled that our FKJ got in there and is going to be looking into things like this. I mean, already, You know, he's, yesterday there was an EO on transparency on drug costs, You know, like already he's, he's taking a look at at interesting things and he stopped. What was the thing that he stopped yesterday? He stopped something. Oh, it was the, a testing program that was going on for the oral covid vaccine.


He was like, we we're not stopping it forever, but we're pausing that, I'm not sure that's the best use of our use of our resources. Yeah. So already he's in there questioning, you might say, questioning. Hmm. So as somebody who knows him and has worked closely with him, what do you think are gonna be the top items we'll see over, let's say the first a hundred days or so? Well, listen, I think, and if everybody can look this up, because I was, You know, there's a brilliant executive order from the president, obviously with, I think with Robert Kennedy de uni's input on the Maha plan. And Megan, it's, it's absolutely extraordinary. They, it's so comprehensive. They've covered essentially everything. So they're gonna look at, You know, all of the existing data when it comes to nutrition, when it comes to environmental influences on health.


You know, they've set up a commission. This was what heartened me the most to look at how different sectors of our lives, whether it's housing, education, You know, income, how the impacts on your health and that, and why that's really important, Megan, this is a conversation that needs to be had in America and across the world. You know, we need to go back to square one to understand what are the building block blocks of a healthy society? What does it mean to be healthy? And one of the things that hasn't been discussed enough or ignored, if you like, is that, You know, if you look at, I'll give you some figures here, okay, in the United States, and even in the uk, it's not dissimilar, the gap in life expectancy between the richest and poorest is, is about 10 years on average, right? It's huge.


Okay. Healthy life expectancy difference is about 20 years. When you look at the data, about 80% of that difference can be explained by what we call the social determinants of health or the, the wider determinants of what means to be healthy. So if, and this basically means having, You know, a, an income that allows you to live, lead a healthy life, You know, good quality housing. You know, a lot of people are suffering in the United States because, You know, they may be, certainly through the winter, they don't have adequate heating access to education. If you are in a, in a job, Megan, that is high demand, low control, low pay, you're on the minimum wage, which I understand in the US certainly pre pandemic was about $7 25. Then that can be more damaging to health.


The stress associated with having, being in those sorts of conditions, Megan can be more damaging to health than being unemployed. Okay. Wow. And what's the mechanism? The underlying mechanism is severe chronic stress. So if you have chronic stress over your lifespan, if you are, for example, brought up in a family of your child that is, You know, in a, in a, in a deprived family or your victim of severe psychological abuse or emotional abuse, that starts to already have an effect on the disease process that will cut your life short later down the line. These are the conversations we need to start having. So that's why what's really fascinating is these, You know, it's about health through sectors. So we need to look at the Department of Education, housing, et cetera, and say they, those departments, those You know, agencies if you like, they need to be having health at the forefront.


You know, You know, I was, I was, there was something, think I was reading really interestingly recently is that Thomas Jefferson in 1809 in an address to Republicans in Washington said, the, the care of health and human happiness and not its destruction is the first and most important object of good government. That's Thomas Jefferson, right? For me, it's not about big government, a small government, it's about good government. Because ultimately the politicians have the control over laws to ensure that we create conditions so that everybody, Meghan, who's gonna disagree with that, has the best opportunity to leave, lead the best life they can in terms of their health.


And, and this isn't just about people who are not well off, You know, during the pandemic, Meghan Boris Johnson, our prime minister, I mean, I commented on this, he got hospitalized with Covid and I said, it's because of it's lightly because of his weight. I said it in a compassionate way. He was, after he came out, I didn't say it when he was in hospital. And You know, that became a big story because he was, and he admitted it, obese. And this is a guy who's got agency, he's got wealth, right? And this tells us that all of us really are in this because we're affected by this ultra processed food environment. We've, we've been misled about information, about cholesterol, about what's a healthy diet. So I think all of this is gonna be uncovered under Trump's administration, under the leadership, certainly on health of Robert Kennedy Jr. That's so encouraging.


Just even back when I was in school, I, it was either, I can't even remember whether it was high school or college right now, but we learned about a study that had been done on two groups of monkeys. And it was that, I guess it, I think it was monkeys, it might have been a different primate, but it was that there were two different cages of them. And they like a dominant monkey, like every, the order works best when there's one dominant. And what they did was they put two dominant in one cage and just the one dominant in the second cage. And the monkeys got exactly the same food, exactly the same lifestyle. Nothing else was different other than the one cage of monkeys was very stressed out and the other wasn't. And then many years later, when they died of totally natural causes, they were, they were dissected and they looked at their arteries and the arteries of the monkeys that had been in the stressed out cage were completely, they were clogged.


They were, they, they, they were not the picture of health versus the other monkeys, which didn't have anywhere near that level of fatty buildup on the walls of the art arteries and so on. And the only difference between the monkeys was the stress. So it's like, you look at these people who focus so much, some, some obsess over what they eat and the amount of exercise and, You know, don't have this and don't have that. And they totally forget being stressed out all the time. Maybe the worst health factor in your life, you, it must be addressed. Megan, I think you've hit the nail on the head and that's the elephant in the room. I think everything that underpins what's really driving the root of the problem is the chronic stress. And it comes down to how we live, how we interact with each other as well.


You know, we know that one of the biggest predictors, I know you're talking to Brian Johnson later, but one of the predictors of longevity and happiness, actually the quality of our relationships, You know, having someone to love and someone that loves you, You know, that it sounds very basic, but it's so important. And that mitigates also from the external stresses of life which are inevitable. So all these conversations need to be had. And Of course, it, it also applies to, You know, a child being nurtured by their mother. I think, I always tell people the most important relationship you're gonna have in your life, I think is a, is a one between mother and child. You know, how you're brought up and, and being allowed to create the conditions so that moms can be there for their children so they can have a nurturing upbringing. Yeah. Rather than being a single mom, for example, working two jobs, trying to make two ends meet Yes.


In an unjust system where they're not getting paid enough, where big corporations exploit their workers, where you've got a pay differential between the CEO of a company and the production worker 326 times, which I think is a figure now, which is extraordinary. So we have to have a conversation as a society saying, is this actually fair? And just, and then you add in Meghan On top of that, You know, I'm all for meritocracy when people are, You know, earning their money doing the right thing. But a lot of these big corporations have, have made their money through mass deception, right? You look at big pharma for example, and then they don't pay their taxes and that then the government have less money to spend on public services, which are being degraded and undermined. So we have to link it all Together. So the C of Pfizer made I think $30 million last year.


That was his take home pay, which I think is one of the reasons why, I mean, just Pfizer in general, in these vaccine companies, we're all very skeptical of them. Now, not all, but many of us are very skeptical because we don't feel like we've been given the truth. There was an extraordinary moment where he showed up at the Trump White House on Black History Month on the celebration, and Trump, who, You know, he is still pro-vaccine and he introduced him like, yay, CEO of Pfizer. And the community wasn't having it. You know, somebody on Twitter pointed out, or ex Trump led a populace movement, but he doesn't control the populace. They still have their own feelings on certain issues. And Pfizer and the vaccines are one of them.


Look at this. We also have the head of Pfizer here, so I want to thank him. One of the great, great people, one of the great businessmen. Thank you, Albert. Thank you. Thank you very much. Thank you very much. Trump gets it. He knew, but they, yeah, his most loyal followers were not having it. Yeah, I think two things to mention there, Meghan. Absolutely. I don't think a single American voted for President Trump the second term because of operation wart speed and the Covid vaccine. No, I'm pretty sure that didn't happen. Right. And the second thing is, I, You know, he's got a great sense of humor and he is a very trued man.


And I, if you, if you look at the reaction there, I think that was almost reinforcing what he probably already deep down knows. Yep. I think That's right. This covid vaccine is, is, is a mess. I wanted to round back to a question about the vaccine because Cheryl Atkinson, a former CBS news journalist, she has a podcast on a show also, and she previewed an interview she's going to be doing on March 2nd with a doctor whose name is Dr. Ryan Cole, who is sounding the alarm on some of the effects of the Covid vaccine. And the following soundbite grabbed my interest, take a listen here. It was just published today on her podcast feed. What did you start to see when the vaccine rolled out in pathology?


Well, that's when I started getting reports from colleagues about clots all over the body and people dropping from pulmonary emboli. I have colleagues in the military talking about young, healthy, active soldiers ending up in the hospital with horrendous clots, sudden death from clots, strokes in young patients from clots. And then some of the embalmers started reaching out to me and showing what they were seeing on embalming, which were these long fibrous clots that are obviously rare prior to the rollout of these shots.


That's extremely creepy and disturbing. And, but not, I, I believe, I believe him. I mean, a good friend of mine who's in public health, who's a lefty, was saying, Meg we're hearing a lot about these clots and the embalmers and she's like a pro, You know, she was definitely pro-vaccine and the whole bit. And even she was like, I'm not, I'm not taking any more, I'm hearing more about these and now you hear this guy say it out. I mean, what, what are we supposed to do if our blood is getting clotty? What? Like what do we do? Drink more water. It what? Have an aspirin. Yeah, I don't get it. Yeah. So, so a couple of things, Megan. First of all, I know Ryan very well and he's a brilliant, he's a pathologist, he's a brilliant scientist.


He has high integrity. We've spoken at conferences together. Solid, solid guy. One of the top vascular surgeons in the world is a friend of mine in an island called Professor Sheriff Solter. And I talked to him about this as well. I mean these, these sort of long fibrous courts have been known before, prior, but he also feels that they seem to have increased and he's seen more problems. Certainly he feels that there's been a massive issue with the Covid Nia vaccine. He feels it should be suspended as well. And he's one of the top vascular surgeons in the world. So there's a lot more doctors speaking out about it in terms of what people can do, I think with these particular fibrous clots, Megan, as far as I've seen in terms of data and my own clinical experience, they tend to be stuff that develops relatively early on. So these are the kind of things that you see when people have either had a booster within a few weeks, maybe a month or so after, but usually within a short timeframe.


There was a separate study which looked at people that died within I think two or three weeks of having the covid vaccine. And I think they found from autopsy studies, 74% was a figure roughly, they could actually directly say was caused by the covid vaccine. But yes, what can we do? Again, it comes back to metabolic health. You know, a lot of these problems are cardiovascular, I talked about insulin resistance earlier. And interestingly, it isn't just about heart disease after smoking, it's the second biggest driver of cancer. So if people, if we have this, You know, mechanism in place to educate people and introduce, You know, environmental policies, let's put it that way, to create a healthier food environment, a a, a food environment, You know, food that's held, You know, affordable, then you very quickly will see people optimize their metabolic health and improve it across the United States.


And we will see, I think one of the aims of the new administration and Bobby in particular is to show demonstrable data of improvement within two years. That is absolutely doable. That's one of the protocols for preventing dementia too. It's like, okay, you, you may have the gene, whatever, but if you minimize the number of toxins in your life, you're giving yourself at least the best chance possible of avoiding it. That's what RFK has been saying about vaccines and autism, that he can't prove a, a direct causal relationship, but that it may be one of several toxins that overwhelm the system in young children. And like the more of those that you can remove, not necessarily making a judgment on the vaccines for anybody, but the more toxins you can remove from your child's diet, the better.


This is the road we're on. Final, final thoughts on whether we'll get there? Thanks Megan. Yeah, so I mean, you're very quickly on that. Yes, you're right about dementia people. Some people describe that, You know, Alzheimer's is type three diabetes, so same process. So a hundred percent this is the way forward. I have a lot of hope. I think we've got the right people in place. We've got brilliant men like Jay, but Chaia, who's almost certainly gonna be, I think the next director of the NIH. We've got, You know, Marty McCarey, we've got me, Oz, we've got Bobby in there. Anything I can do to help to facilitate it? And I think President Trump will listen And maybe you too.


Hopefully you'll be elevated to one of the top teammates. It'd be great to see you there. Dr. Aseem Malhotra, thank you so much for being here. Thank you, Megan. God, this is one of the privileges of this job to be able to talk to people like that. I hope you enjoy that as much as I did. I know it's scary, but we have to talk about it. And then, by the way, for what it's worth, that Dr. Young, sorry, Cole on Cheryl's podcast did say, drinking more water is beneficial on the clotting front. Go to metabolic reset.co for more from Dr. Asim coming up, don't die Movement founder Brian Johnson.


Here's one way to clean up your medicine cabinet this season and replace toxin filled conventional products with more natural options, propolis, immune support, throat spray, and propolis plus vitamin C lipo. All can be must-haves in the medicine cabinet as seasonal germs start to hit. Did You know germs can enter through your nasal passages just as easily as through your mouth? Propolis Nasal Spray is a great non-toxic swap for other over-the-counter drug filled medications. This one's non-habit forming. It's natural and it has anti-microbial benefits. BeeKeepers Naturals makes clean non-toxic products that actually work. They never use harmful ingredients like Red Dye number three or other synthetic dyes or artificial flavors. Their products are third party tested for all pesticides and they're dedicated to sustainable beekeeping and helping to save the bees. BeeKeepers Naturals is offering you an exclusive offer. Go to BeeKeepers Naturals dot com slash Megan or enter the code Megan to get 20% off your order. That's BeeKeepers Naturals dot com slash megan, or just enter the code. Megan, when you check out BeeKeepers Naturals products are also available at Target Whole Foods, Walmart, CVS, and Walgreens.


So if you're feeling worried about dying from the Covid vaccine or related problems from our first hour, you need to listen to our second Hour Tech Millionaire. Brian Johnson has been making headlines for years over his extreme anti-aging routine where he spends 2 million bucks a year trying to live forever. His motto is, don't die. I accept, I like gr great. He goes to bed at eight 30 every night. He eats a vegan diet with dinner at 11 in the morning every day, though he's open to red meat, but it's just not for him. He takes over 100 pills or supplements a day. And in his quest, he has tried things as odd as swapping blood plasma with his teenage son and he, Brian, giving his own plasma to his 70-year-old father and injecting a donor's fat into his face.


He's also had controversial gene therapy having a fly out of country to get it. As you can see, his appearance has definitely changed over the years. Look at this on, on screen, right is the closest to today. And on screen left is how he used to look. As recently as, I don't know, six, seven years ago, he is now the subject of a Netflix documentary. You've probably seen a Promot on Netflix many times called Don't Die, the Man Who Wants To Live Forever, where he walks us through his protocol that he calls the Blueprint Watch. By doing Blueprint, one of the key objectives is to achieve the lowest possible biological age. So just like a tree has rings, we all have a signature inside of our body of our age.


Yeah. After doing Blueprint now for two years, I've reversed my biological age 5.1 years. I have 50 perfect biomarkers. I have a hundred biomarkers where I'm less than my chronological age. And my speed of aging is 0.69, which means for every 12 months at age eight months in terms of how far this goes, it's open-ended. We have no idea, but I want to take my speed of aging to the lowest possible number. Hmm. Brian Johnson, welcome to the show. Thanks for having me.


Fascinating to meet you. I watched the whole thing. I'm riveted, I love the challenge. I wish it were possible. I do. You lemme ask you this with that, do you actually think it might be that you won't die at all or just, You know, you're looking to extend your lifestyle or lifetime beyond what now we consider possible? Yeah, I think it's legitimately the, the first time any human in history could say with a straight face, we may be the first generation to not die. I sincerely believe that. It's almost like if you think back to history, like in 1870, if you were alive at that time, you thought that infection came about through bad spirits. But there were new ideas that are kind of crazy where people said, there are these microscopic objects that cause infection.


They're called bacteria. And if you, when you don't wash your hands between surgeries, You know, when you are delivering babies, it spreads and can lead to death. Now, if you're living at the time, you might say, that's stupid and crazy. You're telling me things my eyes can't see are going to be the cause of death. But if you are open-minded, you might say, huh, like, I don't wanna, if this is real, I don't wanna be on the other side of that. And so I think the same moment is true for us is this is legitimately a, a transformational moment. As a species, we may be the first generation who will die. You've gotten all sorts of criticism for having money and You know, going and having gene therapy and Honduras that the average person could never afford. And my view is good for you. If you're willing to make yourself a human Guinea pig in a way that could save lives down the line or extend lives, why wouldn't we be celebrating that?


You're not saying everybody must do it. You're not saying I recommend it for all of you. You're saying this is what I'm doing and this is why I am doing it. And I'll share with all of you the results I get, which I think is actually pretty laudable. I mean, has the feedback back been mostly good or 50 50 on controversial and good? Yeah, it's been overwhelmingly positive. And like all things you find negative voices really get a lot of airtime. And so what they don't talk about is, I think this is what I've built. So I, I quantitatively have the best biomarkers of anybody on planet earth. I'm quantitatively the healthiest person alive now I've posted all my data publicly and said others, You know, show me your data. And so I've really tried to create a new sport outta this.


Now, in doing so, I've shared with the entire world everything I do, things that work, things that don't work, but everything is for free. I haven't put this behind a paywall. I haven't asked people to pay me subscriptions. This is, I've made this for free and I actively, I spend a majority of my time, You know, producing content, writing, helping people learn these free basic things. So it really is an effort to try to help everyone be healthy and well. But the, the criticism is just very natural. I wrote the other day, there are like five stages of understanding don't die, You know, and first is like this I a lull. I wish you'd get hit by a bus. You know, it's like, it's very, it's like, it's so algorithmic. Like whenever I walk into a new category of people and they haven't seen me before, their responses are just like an algorithm.


Like just absolutely expected. Yes. Alright, so here's a little bit more from the documentary on some of your routines in this soundbite, you're discussing them with your communications director Kate Tolo. It's probably over a hundred different things I do any given day that the body has asked for to be in its ideal state. And that begins with, in the morning I wake up, I turn a specific light on, on my bathroom that gives me sun like exposure. I take three pills, I do my body temperature with an inner ear measurement, go downstairs, start HRV therapy. So I put a little electrode here in my ear and it stimulates my autonomic nervous system trying to make my body more parasynthetic and more chill.


I take 54 pills with a concoction that I call the green giant. I put a cap on my head for hair growth that has 312 laser diodes. Then I work out for an hour, come in, eat a few pounds of vegetables. I do some high frequency electromagnetic stimulation on my abdomen. I do 12 minutes of near and red light therapy to accelerate healing. I do audio therapy for my hearing regeneration. I have my last meals to eat before 11:00 AM 34 more pills to take. There's protocols throughout the day here and there. And then my nighttime routine, Oh my gosh, I, I'm exhausted just thinking about it.


I'm sure you've been asked this question before, but where, where is the time for fun? Yeah. You know, so I guess I really find this to be fun. It is my happy place. I love this endeavor. I love playing this game. I love data, I love science, I love the experimentation. It's so much fun. And I guess I can spend kind of interesting because a lot, a very common response is, You know, he's so busy trying not to die. He's not living. And meanwhile, like when we think about the things we categorize as living, You know, like going out and drinking with the friends or staying out late or eating pizza or donuts. Those are oftentimes the things people imagine I just can't go without. And those things just make me miserable and not happy. I've, I've never been happier in my entire life. So it's very counterintuitive that, You know, health is happiness.


Most people think that debauchery is happiness, but we all know it's not. Mm. That's very interesting. Okay, so let, can we talk a about some of those protocols? Some of them are a little bit more mainstream. I mean, I have a red light that I use and I love it. I think it's really made a nice difference on my skin. I have an infrared sauna, which does the same thing for your body. The lights that are in, in the infrared sauna. I'm not familiar with the HRV therapy or No, no. With the light exposure that you do for your eyes first thing in the morning, is that because you wake up pres sunrise and what does that do? That's right. Yeah. So it really helps lighten the eyes, You know, within 20 to 30 minutes of waking up is really important. It sets your mood, it sets your circadian rhythm, it improves your mood.


So if you wake up with the sun, You know, early morning sunlight is fantastic. If you wake up before the sun, that 10,000 lux light really helps set your, your health regimen regimen. So like you played in that clip, the, this is not like, the idea is not that people do what I do, it's that they can draw off the basics of what I do and then make it a habit into their life. And so really you can achieve very similar health markers as me and do very little of what I actually do. You can, can you just turn on a light like, You know, what about just turning on the, the bedroom light? It, it doesn't, yeah. The bedroom light won't work. You need a specific kind of light to have the effects on, on triggering the circadian rhythm. Okay. Why is your last meal of the day at 11:00 AM Because, so this is actually so really about my resting heart rate before bed.


And so I, what I discovered over the past four years is the single most important thing for my health is my sleep is like nothing is even remotely close. Totally. And so I have built my entire life around sleep, which is again, is counterintuitive because our current culture is you sleep when you have time, you sleep when you're done with work, you sleep when you're done. And many people actually brag by not getting sleep. They'll say, I sleep under my desk. Or like, You know, the person coded for three nights in a row, they're so impressive. So it's almost like this mythology that if you don't sleep, you're somehow have higher status. And so it's the, the reality is, You know, our body needs sleep and otherwise we just don't function well. We have actually, we're impaired. Like if you're drunk. And so the biggest predictor, the strongest predictor of your night's sleep is your resting heart rate before you go to bed.


And so the way you do this is tonight before you go to bed, if you have a wearable, just pull up and see what your heart rate is. It may be 60 beats per minute, 65 50. And then your goal over the next two weeks, I'll give you some tips, is to try to lower your resting heart rate by 10 to 15 beats. And as you do that, every beat you drop your, your sleep quality is going to increase. So I eat my final meal today at 11:00 AM because that gives my body time to digest. So, so when I go to bed at eight 30, my body's, the food is fully digested and my body is now able to allocate its resources to say, now we're going to sleep. If I eat later at five or six, my heart rate's going to climb 10 to 15 beats and my sleep will be reduced by about 30 to 40%.


Alright. So this re this is like reminding me just a couple nights ago I was, I I was dying for some ice cream. My kids had it, it's like I love ice cream and it was getting pretty close to bedtime. I'm like, don't do it Meg, like, you're so close to going to bed, you're gonna spike your blue glucose. And I did it, Brian, I did it. And You know what, it's the worst thing because it does, it raises your glucose, it raises your heart rate. And You know what? I didn't sleep well, but I actually hadn't tied the two things together until just listening to you right now. Exactly. So what, what was the ice cream? It was mint min chocolate chip. What Is that your favorite? Well it's one of em. Yeah. I do love it. It Was just, it was just like available in the freezer. Yeah, exactly right. Yes. But I, I am the one who made it a avail.


I bought it, it was organic. Okay. Yeah. I'm sure that makes it healthy. Yeah. Yeah. So organic actually we can talk about that. Organic kind of means nothing in terms of like, I'll, I'll we'll go into the food in a minute, but yeah. So in your experience when you woke up the next morning, was it worth eating the ice cream? No, it wasn't. Not at all. Yeah. But I hadn't even really given a lot of thought to just eating, even if it's not sugary, even if it's not. Yeah, exactly. If if it's a normal meal, it is gonna spike probably your blood sugar to some extent. Yes. And your, your heart rate's for sure gonna go up. Exactly. So eating before bed res sleep. And so here's the prescription for everybody is have your final meal on the day, at least two hours before bedtime. So if you go to bed at 10, finish eating at eight and then experiment with going to seven and then six and then five and then 4:00 PM just push it back a little bit.


Every time you're going to feel a little bit hungry, that's fine, it's normal. But as you, you're gonna watch, as you move your last meal of day back further, your heart rate's gonna go down, your sleep's gonna go up and you're gonna feel amazing. It's, it is worth it. Like when you wake up in the morning and you feel great, it doesn't matter how much pain you were in the night before, it's worth it. So, and also the foods you eat. So if you have like a big pizza, You know, at 5:00 PM even though your bed times at 10, it still jacks your heart rate, lowers your sleep. So I just went through this meticulous experimentation process, try hundreds of different combinations and I found that the kinds of foods and when I ate dramatically impacted my heart rate. So now I'm at 44 beats per minute before bed. Wow. And when I can get that, I'm gonna have a perfect night's sleep.


So you sleep eight, eight and a half hours. That's right. Eight hours, 34 minutes is my, my six month average. And what you want, so here's the profile of ideal sleep. So when my head hits a pillow, I'm usually out within two to five minutes. I sleep roughly two hours of rem, two hours of deep. I'm up sometimes like probably 75% of the nights. Now I'm up zero times per night. And yeah, so that's like roughly the profile. If you lay down and it takes you 45, You know, 30 minutes to go to sleep, it's too long. And then if you're not getting around two hours each of re deep like thereabouts, you're getting too little. And if you're up at night, more than 30 minutes, it's something to pay attention to.


But I basically have like five habits that people should follow. And if you get these things down and make them life habits, it just changes everything about your conscious existence. You're a better coworker, you're a better professional, you're a better parent, you're a better friend. Like it makes everything in life better. Alright. We have something pulled on your sleep approach. Let's watch. Okay. Yeah. Okay. This is your, it's a, it's a full screen graphic showing your sleep stages. And you can get this on the ring like I have the aura ring. Yeah. And it'll show you something just like this. That's what you're talking about, like a wearable where it shows you your rem your light and your deep sleep is, is important. It's not just rem each that we're, we're looking at.


Exactly. So two things about that graph that you're looking at. One is that there was a recent study published that showed that people with their first REM cycle within 90 minutes were healthy from a perspective of cognitive decline. And people who had their first REM cycle three to four hours after going to sleep had signs of cognitive decline, Alzheimer's. Wow. And so if you look at that graph, you see I went to bed roughly 10 I, that was a late night for me. I, I posted this because I was responding to some drama that was going on. So now I was basically saying like the drama, I'm unbothered. So I went to bed at 10 and my first REM cycle, let's see, it's 1130. Yeah.


So basically within 90 minutes of me falling asleep is my first rem, which is right on the point. So everybody, if you're watching this, look at your sleep cycle and look at the demarcation of when you fall asleep and then look at your first REM cycle. You want to be 90 minutes or less. If you're in the three to four hour range, then it's something to pay attention to because you may have some early cognitive decline and you just wanna be mindful of that. Do you do the, You know, 66 degree thing? What do you do about temperature and setting? Yeah, so I have a a eight sleep mattress which is a temperature controlled. And so as you go through your various stages of sleep, so as you fall into, so when you go to bed, the reason why going to bed on time is so important is because if your bedtime's at 10:00 PM your body's expecting you to get rest at 10:00 PM And if you go to bed at 12 and say, well I'm just gonna make up the two hours in the morning, the body doesn't do that.


So your deep sleep happens largely in the first window of time or if you go to sleep. So like between 10 and 12, you can see it from my sleep data. A big portion of my deep sleep happens in that early stage. And if you miss that window, you miss your deep sleep. Now think about deep sleep like a garbage truck rolling through your brain and picking up the trash. When you miss the deep sleep, the garbage truck doesn't run its course. And so that's why going to bed on time is so important, being consistent. 'cause then your body cleans out the garbage and you get this deep restorative sleep. So again, this is why like sleep is the number one life priority. It just fuels all your functions. That's why you wanna be on time. You wanna have be very mindful of your last meal of the day and what you eat, your resting, your heart rate.


It just is like, and this is the thing that's funny is I, I never got taught how to sleep. Like how is it that I spend half, You know, a third of my life sleeping and I never got a like taught in school or even culturally how to sleep. We, we had a Matthew Walker on the program a couple of years ago, a sleep expert. He wrote this great book about it and he was saying, this is so important that you should, when when you're considering travel, when you're considering business, whatever, it's that you have to do your social life. You need to build it all around protecting Yes. That eight hour period, you, you, if you go to bed at 10, you are going to bed at 10 no matter what and everything else must move u unless it's an extreme circumstance like okay, I had to fly to Australia for whatever, but only it should be 1% of the time that you're moving those hours around.


Yes. That I agree with that entirely. Hmm. Alright, now here's from the Netflix documentary, something else that happens in your sleep that you monitor, which is for the guys out there, SOC 24 Here is an eggplant. This is the device made by Adam Fel from my social, sorry. And what you do is you would normally think this is very awkward. It's not. You just put it on the penis and you forget it's there. So you put it on the base of the penis, there you go. And then throughout the night, as you become erect, it measures both the engorgement and the duration. So you have a map the entire night of your erection cycles. Now mine, I had four total erections for a duration of just over three hours.


To put this in context, my nighttime erections are the length of the Titanic, the movie not the boat. And that is better than an average 18-year-old. Alright, so why does that matter? Yeah, so females go through the same erection cycles that men do. It's just measuring the clitoris is more difficult. Yeah. So just like men, women's clitoris in gorgeous a night over several different sessions and to different degrees of arousal. And then men wake up with a, with a morning erection and women make up wake up with a morning bean. And so it's both in females and males. And so this was kind of an accident where we started doing this. I was doing another therapy, this electromagnetic stimulation.


We were trying to rebuild muscles in the anus and the bladder because as you age it becomes harder for you to control those muscles, especially women who give birth where you're, you have to do kegel exercises to rebuild those muscles. And so we were doing this therapy and when I started doing it, I just noticed that I was getting erect in, in my sleep all the time. So I raised this question with my scientific team and said, why is this happening? And then we did this deep dive that nighttime erections is actually a really important marker of health. It represents cardiovascular health, physiological health, and psychological health. In fact, it's one of the most important things anybody can know about their health. Like put it on the same level as cholesterol and blood pressure.


It's really important. Wow. But no one talked about it. It it's, it's really, it's, and you can't like go, you go to the gym and like work out hard to lift weights and be strong and have good cardio, but you can't go to sleep and work hard at having arousal cycle. So you can't try to have good bon it just happens. And so it's a default representation of your health. And so it really is like you can't fake it. And so yeah, we talk a lot about sexual health and these, these physiological physiological functions. So people hear bone, they hear about the sexual talk and they kind of giggle and stuff, but, but men who don't have nighttime erections are five times more likely to die prematurity. It's really a staggering statistic. No, I I'm sorry. And where, Where can they get the little ring that the, that you were putting on the eggplant in that demonstration?


Oh, so sorry, quick question. 70% more likely to die prematurely. It's a company Adam Health out of the uk. Okay. Wow. I mean I had no idea. Let's talk about the food because I said you eat vegan but you're not against red meat, which is what I read. Is that true? Yeah, I, I'm plant-based excluding collagen peptides and You know, food is such a sacred thing for people. I come in peace, I'm not at war like do your thing like all good. We just try to follow the science and evidence of how to use food to slow my body's speed of aging as much as possible. Okay. So talk to us about, I didn't understand that first qualifier. What, what you said you eat vegetables without Yeah. Some long word.


Okay. Yeah. Yeah. So what I eat every day is I eat a, a diet of 2,250 calories. And the premise is that every calorie must fight for its life. It has to basically be a top performing calorie, like something that does something good on my body. And so when you put that filter, many foods don't make it through. Like bread just doesn't make it through as worthy of consumption. And so the foods that do make it through are legumes, like lentils and edamame and beans, a lot of vegetables, broccoli, cauliflower. I get a ton of vegetables, extra virgin olive oil. I eat more of that than any other food source. Nuts. Wow. Berries, seeds. And then I do collagen peptides. So my proteins are from pea and hemp protein lentils, but I don't eat any meat.


You know, this is, and the diet we have is proven, I mean it's, I can say there's more scientific evidence around this diet to slow down someone's speed of aging and slow disease progression than any of the diet in the world. So we're just following data and science on what exactly are the best foods. Put one in one's body for longevity. Hmm. What would you say is the most important marker you look for like on a daily basis? What's the one that you're like, okay, that one looks good. I feel good. I mean I know you care about 'em all, but name like the top two Honestly, one, it's resting heart rate before bed. It's like the number one. And the reason why it's so good is because that is determined by when you eat what you eat, it determines how well you sleep and how well you sleep determines whether you're gonna exercise and whether you exercise determines on what you're going to eat.


And then your resting heart rate is also representation of your cardiovascular health. You know, are you exercising, is your heart in a good state? So that one marker really captures whole body health. And so, and it's also free When you say you challenge yourself to get it down over the course of two weeks, how do you do that? Yeah, so let's say tonight, Meg, you do this and you heart rate your resting heart rate 60 beats per minute. And you say, okay, I'm going to challenge myself to be at 50 in two weeks time. So you can do several things. One is have your final meal of the day begin two hours before bedtime. So mint chocolate chip ice cream, like let's it's no longer part of the agenda. And then move your final meal back an hour each day.


So try your last meal day at 7:00 PM and six and five and four and just push it back a little bit more and more and you'll find your right spot. You'll see as you push your final meal day back, your heart rate's gonna drop. Number two is to have a wind down routine. So what time is your bedtime? 10 o'clock. Okay, so 10 at 9:00 PM So give yourself roughly an hour. I do this self-talk process. So at 9:00 PM let's say sleep, Meg is going to come on duty and there she is and she's gonna hold the fort down. Now at 9 0 1, let's just say ambitious, Meg's gonna show up and she's gonna say, Meg, I have this brand new idea on something we wanna do on the show. Like it's gonna be a banger.


And then sleep. Meg says, sorry, we're currently in sleep mode, we're gonna write this idea down and then tomorrow we're gonna think about this. And then 9:02 PM anxious meg's gonna show up and she's gonna say, today on the show you said this thing, I don't know, it was kind of, You know, wasn't delivered well, came across port and you say Thank you, anxious me for keeping me in check. This is so wonderful, but you need to do this self-talk because otherwise you spin loops. So when your head hits a pillow at 10:00 PM you're still trying to reconcile the day's events, like what you're mad about, what you're happy about, how you're sad, like why you're anxious. And then secondarily is when you wake up in the night, You know, one or two or three in the morning, you wake up and you're spinning on all these different thoughts. So you need to have some kind of wind down routine. So that self-talk is really important. Then also you can read a book, you can go for a walk.


My favorite thing is holding a book, a actual book in my hand to read for 15 to 20 minutes, talk to a friend. But that hour, last hour of the day is really important to calm your nervous system down and say we are going to get ready for sleep. That will drive down your heart rate. Hmm. I like that a lot. So it's not about exercise, it's about the routine. Yeah, entirely. It's calming your body down to say we are ready for sleep. You have to like really get into it. You can't just like show up, you have the pillow and be like, yep, we're ready to go. The body's just not ready for it. So other things you can do is you can be consistent. So at, if your bedtime's at 10 try to be in bed every single night at 10:00 PM plus or minus 30 minutes, I logged the best sleep score in human history, eight months of perfect sleep.


I was in bed within one minute every night and it was just amazing. The body keeps track of time as well as a watch. It knows like at 8 29 it would just like drop what's called my adenosine in my brain and be like, you're out. And so then the other thing is be mindful of light. So blue lights like screens and You know, screens really, and even household lights. So try to have red lights and amber lights turn off your screens and if you do these things, your body's really going to support you. Like your body is amazingly good at sleep. You just need to give it the habits and like the protocols where it can really perform at its best. Oh this is like, well this is interesting 'cause you're not married, you're 47 years old, you're not married.


But I will say like sleeping with another person in the bed is definitely a challenge, right? Yeah. Because it's like you not only have to worry about your tossing and turning given the night, but his too, and I always joke with Doug, I'm like, I, I'll, I'll look at him and I'll say, sd, which stands for sleep divorce. If he wakes me up too many times over the, over the evening or You know, speaking of nighttime erections anyway. Yeah, You know, honestly like it's an Issue. So like you may wanna talk to Doug about this because there really is some good evidence. Some people do well sleeping with each other, like they actually help each other sleep better. Other people, they just, they're outta sync for whatever reason. And I would say that sometimes the very best things people can do for their marriage is to not sleep in the same room.


It, they both sleep better, they're in better moods. Like they just are, they're more conducive to a more positive relationship. So yeah, I think when you can sleep alone, it's really something you should strongly consider. Can I ask you about relationships? Because one of the things that stands out in the Netflix special is how close you and your son are. And it's actually really beautiful. It was kind of almost brought me to tears a couple times how much you love him and how close you guys are. And it's a little sad because the rest of your, your family, your other two kids and your ex-wife, it sounds like they, they want, they kind of disowned you when you left the church, the Mormon church by the way, I didn't know that the Mormon church did that. I thought that was just a Scientology thing. Is that normal in the Mormon church? Yeah, I mean it's very much like in group outgroup stuff, You know, it's like ingroup.


You really have the truth and the outgroup is a threat and or someone to be saved. It's not a very friendly bridge. Like you, you always, I mean, I was Mormon for so many years, you always have an agenda when you meet somebody. It's not like a neutral thing. You're, you're trying to convert them in some subtle way as you always trying to find the edge. It's very much a, an evangelizing religion where you're always trying to do it. So it's, it's, yeah, they, they think of me entirely of saved, not saved going to have a, not going to have a framework and so they just can't trust me because I'm not in the ingroup and I can't give them that, that same framework. So yeah, it's really, I mean, it's like probably the most painful experience of my life to be, to be held at arm's length of my own children.


And I have worked really, really hard to be a good, a good parent and parents know this, like, you just can never know with your kids. Like there's no guarantee that your effort pays off. And Of course kids go through different cycles. But yeah, it's been, it's been really painful. I love them very much. I really want to be in their lives and it's very hard that another thing separates us. Well, you and Talmage seem to have a very good relationship. He seems like a great kid. He's now in college or at least went off to college as the Netflix special was being filmed. And, but one thing I did wonder and, and it, without giving too much away from the, from the documentary, you do find a way to create socialization in your life and to have friend groups around you. But love is important, You know, that love relationship that, You know, romantic love.


I definitely think it's life extending for a number of reasons. Mm. And I wondered about that. Like it Of course, I'm sure you want it just as a human, but as a life extending mechanism. How do you feel about it? Yeah, I mean the evidence is very good that people in strong relationships live longer. It is just like one of the very best things you can do. So I do work very hard at relationships. I worked very hard on my personal relationships and I think that, You know, I, again, I grew up in Mormonism. I never even had a girlfriend growing up. I married the, the first girl that I, it was kind of kind of like an arranged marriage and so I just never really learned how to build relationships. And so I, I'm getting a lot better now. I'm very excited about where I'm at in life and I think I've figured out kind of some basics.


So again, like I guess I'm maybe late to the party. I'm 47, I'm just learning the basics of how to sleep, how to build relationships in life. And maybe I'm unique, but yeah, I just feel like I'm, I'm finally coming around to learning some of these basic things of, of life, life. You talk in the documentary about how you, you, you'll disclose to these women or there's a lot of things you're not gonna like about my lifestyle. And then you've been proven right a few times with women, like you're a lot, but I actually think the, the odds are high that you will meet a woman who's very into this and who will live this life with you in her hyperbaric chamber right next to yours. I I think you just have to, You know, put it out there more and, and meet more women.


But I, I hope you do because I think that's a missing piece of your, of your formula. Speaking of the hyperbaric chamber chamber, we've got video of you in it. What's happening here? Okay, you're wear it's video. It looks like you're in some sort of a, like a carnival ride and the apparatus on your face for listening audience looks very much like what, You know, the people who are older and they can't sleep well overnight wear, they put that thing on their face, it looks like an oxygen mask with all these tubes coming outta it. What's happening here? Yeah, so this is called hyperbaric oxygen therapy. And so what you do is the pressurization inside that chamber gets to two atmospheres, which is roughly the same kind of pressure.


You'd have about 30 meters below seawater the ocean level. And so it's very pre, very pressurized. And then in that mask, I'm breathing in 100% oxygen. And so the therapy is, you hyperoxygenate the entire body. So when you breathe oxygen, you get oxygen to your various organs and and whatnot, but not to a ultra saturation. And so when you're in that chamber and it's very, there's a lot of pressure, plus you're getting a hundred percent oxygen versus 20% in our atmosphere, you're getting oxygen very deeply infused throughout the entire body. And that has all kinds of rejuvenation effects. So it's, this is the same process we go through where we try to find therapies that have great, have gold standard scientific evidence that have rejuvenation properties in the body.


Like I'm trying to make my entire body age 18. And so we found hyperbaric oxygen therapy and the evidence was good for like acute brain injury, a traumatic brain injury. It was good for certain conditions, but we didn't really see anyone doing it for longevity with a whole bunch of measurements. So I measured my body with about 50 different biomarkers. I did 60 sessions in the chamber, and then we measured again, our final result is coming in today. But it has been one of the most efficacious therapies we've ever done. Wow. It boosts, it, it, it dramatically improved my brain health, it improved my inflammation, it improved joint health, it increased my cardiovascular ability, my VO two max, it reduced senescent cells, it whole body skin rejuvenation, like it has been one of the most successful therapies we've ever done.


And like we do with everything else, we just share Probably how are you in 90 minutes per session. Hmm. And is it, I mean, I think of the hyperbaric chamber, isn't that where they put you when you've had a, like a scuba accident? Like they, you have to go in the hyperbaric chamber, so Exactly. It seems like sort of a, a remedial measure. Is there any downside to you in, in using that 90 minutes a day and coming out of it and trying to live your life? No. So that's the thing is, that's why I posted this video. I was, I was playing around like I always do is I said that I moved my, moved my office into my hyperbaric chamber. And so I basically, I'm just sharing that when you're trying to have the best biomarkers of anybody on planet earth, you need to basically take very detailed attention to everything you do on a daily basis.


But yet I also run four different companies and so I have to build these therapies into my lifestyle. So I was showing that I, I have my computer in there and I work. So now it's just part of my daily lifestyle and You know, it's, I guess it's fun because we can surface these therapies that have so much potential to help people. Now this is like a big system. Hyper oxygen therapy is very hard to get access to, but we're trying to push it forward for everybody, right? Because this is like, the whole thing is we're trying to make people aware that you can in fact do meaningful things to change your health and wellness. Yeah, I mean maybe there'll be some man of the people version where it's just like you, you take in oxygen an hour a day while you're sitting at your desk and somehow that has a better effect on you.


This is how it starts with the big thing and then it whittles down to the common man and woman like me and we, we try some other version of it. So again, I appreciate the fact that you're whitling to put yourself through this dust. Standby. We're gonna take you a quick break and we'll come back more with Brian Johnson's routines and recommendations. Take 'em for what they're worth. I think it's actually kind of


exciting. The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world and with April 15th fast approaching, it's more aggressive than ever. If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, waiting is not an option. April 15th could mark another year that has passed you by when it comes to the taxes. So the smart move is to get ahead of it now. But listen, never contact the IRS alone. Instead, you could let the experts at tax network USA handle this for you. Why? Well, not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS so they know exactly which agents to deal with and which to avoid with proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 million tax network USA's, attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists today for free and don't let the IS control your future. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. That's tn usa.com/megan. April 15th is just around the corner. Act now before the ISX first,


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Alright, Brian Lt forgive me for asking an impertinent question, but the dramatic change in your looks is really something like when you see how you used to look when you were younger versus how you look now, and I hope this isn't insulting, but you, it's, there's been a little bit of a feminization. Do you think that's fair to say? Like you look slightly more feminine to me now. What's that about and is that intentional or is that a result of supplements? What's going on there? Yeah, nothing intentional. I mean, the thing is, what we tried to do is I did something unique where four years ago we said, okay, if this idea is correct that we are the first generation that won't die, how would you even go about doing it? It's kinda like Lewis and Clark or going to the moon or or sailing west for, You know, for a, for to see if the world is round or not.


So we kind of said, how do you do this? And so I hired a team of 30 doctors and we went about, and we measured the biological age of every organ in my body. Now intuitively again, I may be 43 years old at the time, but if you look at an 80-year-old and a 2-year-old, you can compare those two individuals and say one is older than the other. They also had also have different life expectancies. And then as you get more narrow, is there a difference between a 10-year-old and a 70-year-old and a 20-year-old and a fi and a 60-year-old as you can say? Yes. And so if you get more granular, you can, you can arrive at the idea that you can measure biological age and all your organs. And so I did that and then we said what is the best science to actually now slow down my speed of aging and reverse aging damage? And we've just followed the data and the science.


And so when you see my appearance evolve, it's just we're following data and science. We do nothing about appearance like that is proactive. We just say, how can I drive this process of aging to the slowest possible rate and reverse aging damage? So it really is just like a real time live science experiment. Hmm, wow. Okay. So you mentioned in the, or we mentioned in the setup to this, that part of the routine is supplements a lot of 'em from this out at 53 or 54 PE pills in the morning and then another dosage comes. What are, I mean, just give us a, a feel for what the most important ones are in your routine. Yeah, so the most important ones for anybody are the ones you are deficient in.


So the key thing which I advocate more than anything is measurement. It's always helpful to do measurement and a lot of people don't want to do positive things for themselves. They'll wanna do a cold plunge or a sauna, but they don't measure, they don't know where their baseline is. They don't know what what's supposed to be the outcome, which makes sense. Measurement is hard and it's expensive, but really the most valuable thing you can do is measure. So the most basic thing, blood test, it's like resting heart rate. Great. Exactly. So for free tonight before bed resting heart rate, you can do a blood test. Exactly. So my company blueprint makes all these things available to people like basic blood measurement. There's also a biological age test where you can see your speed of aging. How fast is your clock at aging.


So if you're a one for example, you're aging on, You know, 12 months, every 12 months it passes. My speed of aging is 0.57, which means my birthday is every 21 months. And so knowing to data is really important. So you can measure like my, a coworker of mine measured theirs and they're 1.16, so they're aging faster than time is. And so if you, once you get that data, you can then say, what am I doing right now that is causing me to age faster? Is it, is it poor sleep? Is it not exercise? Is it a pronged diet? And so you can start then making lifestyle changes 'cause you wanna drive that number down. So again, it's all driven by data and measurement and you can really, these things work so well and it's very encouraging. You, you do something positive, you get a good night's sleep or you lower your, your speed of aging and it's very encouraging.


Yeah. Your number has gone down even since the Netflix special it was now it's even lower. Yeah, it's one of the, so there's 50,000 people in the world measuring their speed of aging. It's one of the lowest in the entire world. I think the second lowest in the entire world. Well, I mean, you're working very hard for it, so I would expect it to be pretty darn good. Is there anything, is there any sort of magic supplement we should know about? Like of all the ones, once you've gotten yourself not deficient, this is your favorite? Yeah, so I, I have the blueprint stack, so I published this whole thing and I made everything for free and then this project went viral and people were like, cool, I'm in, I wanna do it. But then it became too complex. They have to like buy these supplements and you have to put 'em out and do them remember to restock.


And so they said, just make it easy if I dumb that. So Blueprint is my company. We've made everything easy. This is not a grift, this is me trying to be respondent responsive to people's wishes. At the same time, I make everything known for free. So if you don't wanna buy it from me, go do it on your own. That's totally cool. Either way I'm gonna tell you, I'm gonna help you out. Yeah, you're Already rich. You, you don't need to make money off of this. You, you mean when you, you owned a, what it sounds like Venmo bought you or you bought Ven Venmo and then sold it for $800 million, so you're good. Exactly. And honestly, this food business sucks. Like it is such a pain in the ass. I hate it. Like there's so many of the things I wanna be doing with my time. But also there's no one in the world who is actually solving this basic problem of how do you get non-toxic high quality food.


I, we, I learned, I mean everything I put into my body, we would test at a lab. And I have come to find out very sadly that food is guilty until proven innocent. It is just the food supply globally is toxic. So now we're in the next 90 days, we're gonna try to map the US food ohm. We're going to try to measure the toxin levels of the a the 80% of foods that we eat on a daily basis. And we're gonna then be able to say like the average American consumes blank amount of mercury per day and blank amount of lead. Oh God, no one has done that. And so yeah, I mean, but done, where do You get your food from? Is it all like greenhouse based or how, where do you get your food? We source food from all over the world. Again, this is what Blueprint does. So we source from people all over the world who have the right farming practices and do the right purity testing.


Wow. You, I've learned you ca I can't go to any grocery store anywhere, even a, a farmer's market and expect it to be clean because they don't control the water supply, they don't control the soil, they don't, they don't control these things. So it is just like a toxin stew we live in. And so yeah, it's a really, really big problem and I think people feel powerless. So we're gonna try to bring some numerical baselines, like this is what's happening in the world. And so, but we really, I think if you say why is, why are we struggling so hard as a species being, well, I mean our habits are also terrible, but also our food supply is very toxic. So we've, I think, we'll we will have this map in the next few months and have a good baseline for the entire world.


Long live Maha and the, the revolution coming, I mean at least now we're starting to pay some attention to this. You've, you've gotta be a fan of RFKJ. No. Yeah, he's a friend and You know, I'm, I'm, I'm eager to help out in any way if I can. It really is. I think it'd be a really cool goal for America to have the, the best life expectancy of any country in the world. I think it'd be a, I mean nobody loses when we're in good health. Like everybody wins. And so I think it's like something we can rally upon. It's not like, sure, we're gonna fight about this. Not always, but You know, if we're actually sleeping well and feeling well, we may fight a little less. What about gene therapy? Because you went down to Honduras, you had them stick a needle in your belly trying to alter your, your genes.


I guess they were kind of adding something that was gene adjacent, but we spent the first hour talking about some of the downsides of the mRNA vaccine, which is, which is gene therapy. I mean I think mRNA is gene therapy, so people are like, oh God, oh no, but you tried it, you do discontinue things that don't work for you. You're open about like, don't this one. No, that one. No. Yes. Where do you stand on the gene therapy you got and is that something you would do again? Yeah, we, we did extensive analysis on this. I had a former FDA official on my team. We had several biotech entrepreneurs, a few scientists, and we scrubbed this thoroughly, not for its efficacy but for its safety.


We were really trying to assess is it safe now in all things biotech, you can only be so certain. So like we just don't know what we don't know. But to our best knowledge, it is safe. And you're right, it's not something where it actually changed my DNA, it just changed the expression of a protein fst. So I just have higher levels. So it's really a baby step on the path to gene therapy. But the, I thought it was safe to experiment with. I thought it was a cool experimentation. So far the results, I mean I think they've increased, I think it increased my, my muscle mass and also lower my speed of aging. But I think the results are early, but I generally, if we want to punch past the one 20 ceiling we have, You know, gene therapy is gonna play in a very important role.


And so I'm very bullish on our ability to do it. Like a lot of people, they say in this moment, like, you're crazy. There's no way we're a first generation not died. Like how could you even surmise that? With ai, we're bringing online the equivalent of billions of PhD level and si You know, human equivalents that are investigating all the me the mechanisms of, of aging. Like it's just, it's an insane degree of intelligence we're bringing online to solve these things. And if you could simply say, the more people working on the problem, the, the more likely we're solving a solution. That's why I think like this moment really is like, it's the biggest ideological change in our history from a moment where death is inevitable to where we just don't know how long and how well we can live.


And so that's what this stone die movement's about is it, is remapping the biggest, I mean like solving death would be the biggest accomplishment in human history. And that's, I think that's a big one, is a, it's a big one. And I think it's, it's actually insight. It's, it is funny 'cause most people say, as soon as I hear Honduras, I think you're crazy. Who's who? Who'd get on a plane and let somebody in Honduras stick a needle in their belly. But it's also very brave because you, you actually did put in the, the research and the time and we were very careful about what, which one you were gonna take a risk on. And that was how, how long ago now? A year and a half ago. Yeah. And this is the other thing that people oftentimes will say, You know, you, you're really doing high risk stuff.


And I'll point out that they too conducted an experiment at lunch when they ate the fast food meal. That's an experiment. Oh god. You know, when they were having fast food, I was having vegetables and extra virgin olive oil and I was taking my nutrients. So they too are doing experimentation with bad sleep, poor food, toxic food. They just don't realize they're actually probably higher risk than I am. It's so true. Alright, well you should spend a minute on exercise. You do one hour a day, that's it. I would've, I would've thought it would've been like three hours a day. Nope. One hour a day. It's like everything in health and wellness is just the perfect amount. So a lot of people have the intuition to think that if one is good, two must be better. It's not like you wanna find the exact number.


And this is with with sleep. So if you look at the actual data on all, cause mortality around sleep, it's seven hours. Now you can be on the, on the, like seven and a half. If you're highly active, it can be seven and a half, eight. But it's like right there, if you sleep nine or 10, it actually increases your risk of all cause mortality. So, and more sleep is not better. You wanna be just in the right amount. And that's true with exercise. So there gets to be a point where too much. And so even if you're just starting off, You know, have your final meal of the day, You know, a couple hours before bed, get your rest of your heart rate down, sleep really well. And even if you work out for 20 minutes, great. Like a big win. The biggest risk here is someone feels overwhelmed. You don't need to do a lot of stuff, prioritize sleep, get 20 minutes of exercise a day and you're doing really well.


So just master the basics, get those two things right. And if you do those things right, you'll eat better. But really the, the key is to not feel overwhelmed. These very small things can make a huge difference in how you feel. How do you break down your cardio versus weight training? Yeah, I, I do. So my, the way we measure cardiovascular fitness is something called VO two max and it measures how well the body utilizes oxygen. And so my VO two max is 64, which is in the top 1% of elite 18 year olds. So my body functions like an 18-year-old in this capacity. And so to train that, I do both called four by four. So I, I'll be on the elliptical machine, you can run, do elliptical, anything you want where you basically exert yourself to like 90% plus and then you rest for four minutes.


You do that for like four minutes, then you rest for four minutes and then you do it again. And so four by four training, high, high exertion, low, high, low. And then also I do zone two, which is like you wanna be at like roughly where you wanna exercise, where you can have a conversation with somebody and not feel out of breath. So every day I do a little bit of that. Brian, you're fascinating. Thank you for sharing your story with us. I loved the documentary. I appreciate you participating in that. I learned a lot and I think people can take from this whatever they find valuable. I mean, very few people are gonna go the full Brian, but it's there for you if you have a lot of money then you, even if you have no money, can take bits and pieces of this. Certainly the sleep should be something we can all try to tackle.


Brian, thank you. Thank you so much for all the information. Thank you for having me. And how do you, are you going to do a few of these things? 100% tonight, I, and I'll get back to you. I'll let You know how it works. I'll get your number Please. Yeah, do it. I'd love to be your accountability partner. Okay. Thank you. Alright. All the best to you. Fascinating, right? Like why not? Why, why is, why aren't more people doing this? That's a real question in, in modern a America, we have so many AI tools and other great tech things available to us. And yeah, I, to me a lot of this makes sense. It's extreme, but it makes sense. Anyway, love to hear your thoughts, megan@megankelly.com. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.