
We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises, or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show and today's bonus AM episode. Brian Kohlberg, the suspect accused of murdering four University of Idaho students is set to go to trial in August. But in late January, there was a pretrial hearing and an important one that revealed shocking new information that we have not heard before. Joining me now to break down all the developments is Howard Bloom, journalist and New York Times bestselling author of When The Night Comes Falling A Requiem for the Idaho Student Murders.


We continue to face uncertainty when it comes to the economy with a perfect storm brewing as social security and Medicare hit a breaking point as the largest generation is, of course, hitting retirement. A smaller workforce means a smaller tax base. You pair that with our growing national debt and rising cost of living, and we could have a big problem. So what are you doing right now to protect your family for the future? Gold can be a safe haven in hard economic times, and Birch Gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold. Birch Gold will help you transition an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold, and it does not cost you 1 cent out of pocket. Protect your future today. Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get your free info kit on gold and a copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. There's no obligation, just information. Birch Gold has earned the trust of countless Americans looking to safeguard their savings and diversify them. Text my initials MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 to learn more today.


Howard, welcome back. I have to say it's such a busy news time for us to be doing this. Just shows the significance of what happened at that hearing on January 23rd and 24th. I was like, we've got to get this on because, well, I appreciate it. I mean, I don't wanna overstate it, but it's possible the prosecution's case is falling apart. It did not go particularly well for them. Let's start with the DNA. What happened? Well, the way the these authorities got to Kohlberg wasn't through any other evidence at the beginning, but just a little speck of DNA smaller than a piece of dust that was left on the button of a knife sheath that was left behind.


They used this speck of DNA, they processed it so that they could give it to an FBI laboratory the FBI laboratory. Then after months of not admitting what they had done, it was revealed in the end of January in court that they had taken this DNA and they had uploaded it to two websites, ancestry, DNA, websites that prohibit law enforcement from using this DNA, the FBI did this, not out of any evil reasons, but just out of their zeal. You have to go back to the time of the killing. It was a, a murderer of four young children on the loose.


They had really no clues except for this DNA except for this DNA. It was in many ways the perfect crime. They had no blood evidence. Really. They had no evidence of anyone stalking these, these young college students. All they had was his DNA. So they ran with it and this DNA allowed them to open up many other doors, ultimately having a series of search warrants that led to the suspect's Brian Kohlberg's phone, his car, his apartment. But without that DNA, they couldn't have gotten these search warrants. And now the defense is saying, wait a minute, wait a minute.


This CU Suspect's fourth Amendment rights were violated by the FBI's going into these prohibitive websites. That's, you've been saying this all along. You've been suspecting that the FBI got this match between the DNA, the touch DNA on the knife sheath and matched it to Kohlberg's father, possibly by doing something they're not allowed to do, which is use the commercial DNA websites that people like you and I might go to if we're looking for a long lost relative. They have a public database. CC Moore, the, the original creator of genetic genealogy talked to us about this a long time ago, saying there's only one that's totally public and anyone can upload their DNA and see what's on there.


The other two are fee for service private companies that are not allowed to be used by law enforcement. Otherwise, nobody would go on there. Right. They'd be like, if I ever committed a crime or have a relative down the line who might have committed a crime, I'm gonna get him in trouble. So there's supposed to be this hard wall, and you said early on you suspected because the FBI seemed to be very cagey about this whole thing, they didn't wanna turn over the results of how they got this to anybody, that maybe they had done something, they weren't allowed to go ahead. Not only did they not wanna turn over the results, they said, they said literally that they had ripped up the evidence of, of their, of their research. They said, we just threw it out who have heard of it in a major murder investigation, the FBI discarding evidence, but this is what they did.


But the defense kept on pressing and pressing and now they got a judge to give him the evidence. And it proves beyond the shadow of a doubt, it came out in open court that the FBI violated the protocols of these two genetic websites. Now, how is that going to affect the case, the judge? Wait, Wait. Before you, before you answer that, let's just show the audience what Kohlberg's defense attorney Ann Taylor Yes. That's her name argued about this investigative genetic genealogy, IgG evidence. Listen to her in stop. 41. Your Honor, our position is that the court should, should suppress the IgG identification and everything that flows from that.


This is supported by Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution due process. Article one, section 17 of the Idaho Constitution. Your Honor, there was no warrant for several phases of the search that led to the IGG work investigative genetic genealogy, and we think every single one of those stages a warrant was required. None was given. And so this must be suppressed. She's saying all the goods they got after getting that hit have to be suppressed and cannot be used because they're in essence the fruit of the poisonous tree E Exactly. And if you look at what they had before them, there's not much except for one thing, after Berger is arrested, he's in a Pennsylvania jail and they're, they do a cheek swab a a and the ch DNA from that cheek swab matches the DNA on the button of the knife sheath.


That is pretty substantial evidence. But if they can get that thrown out, that will make a case that seems pretty much a shut case to be more open than shut. And there's going to be a, or it's a possibility of a Frank's hearing. That's a, it's a, a a, a judicial process named after a 1978 Supreme Court case where evidence was thrown out because the police had falsified information to get their warrants. The judge has not said he will have this Frank's hearing, but he has raised the possibility and he is asked the lawyers to keep time available to have such a hearing.


And if that's, That's not what the prosecution wanted to hear, the prosecution wanted to hear. No, there's no need for a hearing. This is ridiculous. You know, irrespective of how we got to Brian Kohlberg's father as being related to the person whose DNA was in the knife sheath, we know it is Brian Kohlberg's, DNA. 'cause we ultimately took a cheek swab that shows it was him. But the, but the, so the, the problem for the prosecution is the judge is not saying no, he's keeping the door door open. He might actually have a hearing on this, so he's a little, at least a little interested, but can I just say this to what you just said, Howard? The DNA, the DNA matching kohlberg directly is absolutely devastating. It, the, there's no question it's a terrible fact for the defense, but I, as I understand her ar her argument Anne Taylor's, it's that you would never have been cheek swabbing Brian Kohlberg if you hadn't been doing the shenanigans with the DNA and 23 and me, like she's saying, you can't even use the cheek swab because it, it too is fruit of the poisonous tree.


That that is what she's arguing. That's part of her argument. But also at that hearing, something else was revealed, which is perhaps even more dramatic and makes her case even more substantial. Okay, so hold hold on. But before we get to that, let me finish up this part. I know there's a lot of, a lot of stuff to discuss. So just that the audience knows that's what she's trying to argue. She's trying to say everything that followed as a result of you figuring out that Brian Kohlberg's, DNA, his dad's DNA was traceable from that knife sheath has to be removed. You have to get rid of it, including the cheek swab. Now, the judge did not seem like he was gonna do that. He seemed very into the actual cheek swab and he didn't sound like a man who thinks that's fruit of any poisonous tree, but here he is, judge Hitler talking about that DNA match in stop 43, There's a DNA match between the DNA and the sheath.


And Mr. Berger, isn't that probable cause every day and twice on Sunday? Not in this context, not in this context because of the IgG work. That's again, she's saying the investigative genetic genealogy under it and makes it unusable. Is that, is that basically what happened? That that's basically what happened. But also if they throw it out, there's really not much there. I mean you have to, in many ways it was a perfect crime except for the leaving the knife sheath behind.


Consider the house was, there was so much blood in the house that it was coming out of the sides of the house. It was coming down the foundation of the, of the building at 1122 King Road. And yet no blood was ever found on Kohlberg. No blood was found in his car. No blood was found in his apartment. There is no evidence also of Kohlberg having any connection to any of the murder victims. There's no evidence of him talking to any of them ever, ever being in the house of him stalking them on, on the internet. There's no murder weapon. There's no motive. Even so without this DNA evidence, the case against Coberg becomes a lot more problematic.


Okay, but how about the fact that, I mean the b the, the best fact I think other than the DNA match is the fact that when the police went to arrest him in the Poconos in December, this crime was committed the month before in November. My god, is it 2022 now? I'm trying to, I'm losing track. Yes. Yeah. Chinese, Chinese show, when they arrested him in his home, back in his parents' home in December, he was there putting his trash into individual little baggies that would, that were being disposed of in the neighbor's trash can. That is terrible. Very incriminating. That's very incriminating. Yes. But if she, Ann Taylor, the defense attorney is trying to get that the FBI and the police coming into his house, she's trying to get that thrown out the terms of the, as she's claiming it was an unlawful assault without a, the necessary warrants to That's not gonna happen.


Arrest him in his house. She's raising, she's toasty everything, Of course, as, as any good defense lawyer will. But that one's, I, I'm, I've, we've heard her out on the genetic genealogy thing. You were right and she was right that there was some funny business going on from the sound of it, but she's ne there's no way she's getting out the FBI what they found upon arresting him for no way. And it's just a terrible damn fact. I don't, You know, but to go back to your first point, I firmly believe Kohlberg committed this crime. But what's fascinating is how good he was at covering it. Up to your point, there's no murder weapon and she reiterated these points. So these are all updated now we've been speculating, but she was on the record with they haven't found a murder weapon.


They did not find any blood. Howard, they she said this on Brian on any of his belongings or even anywhere in that car that they practically dissected. Yes. I mean they, they took apart the break gears. They were looking all over for any blood, no blood in his, his student apartment at Washington State University. Nowhere. It was a perfect crime in many ways except, except for leaving behind the knife sheath. Such a massive, massive error. But what about the car and the phone evidence? You know, because when we read the police affidavit before his arrest, it was white, white car Hyundai Elantra, they changed the year once they started to narrow in on Kohlberg.


'cause they had had the years wrong. But then they said, okay, it's, yeah, it's 15, it's not just 16. Anyway, whatever his car was, and we've seen that car around, You know, the, the murder house many times according to the cops. And also his phone records show that he was in the vicinity of the murder house over and over, including the, the night before. They didn't have him there during the murder hours 'cause his phone was off. Right. But then the next morning he appeared to go back before they had found the bodies in the 9:00 AM hour. So speak to that. Well, Here's what the defense is going to say, and I think it's a, a fairly convincing argument, especially in a death penalty case. You have a wife Hyundai Elantra by the house, but you have no proof that that's Kohlberg's car.


You never see the license plate on any of the videos. You never see the man behind the wheel in any of those videos. They're all obscured. So there are lots of white Hyundai elantras around. They can't make that connection directly. Then when you have the cell phone tower triangulation, that puts them in the neighborhood of the murder house. Well, it's a 10 mile radius in a town like Moscow. 10 miles takes up a lot of territory, a lot of neighborhoods. You never have any proof that he ever parked in front of the house, that he was ever, his car ever came to a halt in front of the house.


You can speculate, but you prove it. Prove. Are these inferences enough to condemn a man to death? It might be hard for a jury. What is the seven minute screw up on the timeline by the cops? Well, it, it seems the cops, when there were tracking the, the white Hyundai Elantra that night made an error. They got the timelines wrong, whether accidentally or deliberately, but off by seven minutes. And they put the car that they allege is kohlberg's closer to Moscow at, at the time. But the defense is saying that because of this screw up, which no one seems to be arguing, that the cops got this time incorrect, this would've allowed Kohlberg to be driving away from Moscow and to this state park where they claim he was at the time of the murders stargazing.


That seemed tostan Yes. Stargazing on a cloudy night at four in the morning when the temperatures are a little below freezing. Mm My gosh. All right. So it's just, it's a, it's a screw up by the cops that won't be helpful to the prosecutors in trying to show this case was done by the book. All t's crossed. All i's dotted. All right. So that's some of the stuff I'm amazed, I'm amazed that at this point in the case she's saying openly there's no blood evidence tying him to the CR crime. I thought for sure they'd find something. You know, that with all the searches they did of his apartment or hi his car, his clothing, there'd be some speck of the four victim's blood. This this is a brutal murder done by knife k bar knife in the middle of the night.


These four beautiful college students asleep in their beds or in their rooms at least. And he, he is alleged to have killed them in the, in the course of 12 minutes, all four of them you'd get blood all over you Howard. And there was so much blood in the house. But it was, as I said before coming out of the foundation of the building and, and yet will make it more, even more interesting, more dramatic. It was revealed that they did find blood in the house, unidentified blood in the house. But it wasn't kohlbergs. No, this is, this was, wait, so wait, wait. Hold on. Second before we get to that, that, that's an important development. But think about it. 'cause we, many of us believe that he had on like a worker's suit because we saw that that was, he bought one via Amazon, like a, like a painter suit, You know, that would cover up your whole Right.


Everything you're wearing. And that, that's, he did that for a reason. Right. He knew he was gonna get bloody, but, and maybe he had those little booties that, You know, like when the heating guy comes to fix your heater, he puts on before he walks into your house. But he would have like, think about it, he's, he's sneaking outta the house covered in blood. Where did he, where does he take the stuff off? Right. According to them, the, the eyewitness saw him, which would've shaken him. He wouldn't have wanted to be hanging out in the house, disrobing changing out of his workman suit and his booties if he's wearing them. He must have done that in the car. You would think he would've done that in the car and then disposed of this along with a murder weapon on the way home.


And we'll get to the eyewitness, which is the most interesting thing of the whole day. But pause there. We'll get to the blood, we'll get to the eyewitness. So if you put, if you got into your car with a bloodied jumpsuit and a bloodied pair of like those slide on booties, there should be blood evidence in the car. Yes. The and there was nothing in his trunk. They've taken the part, the car apart, top from bottom. The only scenario possible is that before he got into his car, he had a garbage bag. He put all the clothes he was wearing in a garbage bag and drove off basically in his underwear and that that was clean. But where is the clothes he was wearing that night?


Where is the garbage bag? Where is the murder weapon? No one can find it, but Oh, they've been looking for two years now. Two and a half years. And they had, they'll have a trace. I mean he, he, he did quite a job of disposing of that murder weapon and those clothes. That's all you'd need. I mean, it'd be a ball game. He'd be done, he'd be total toast. Yeah. I've often wondered if he managed to put it up in a tree somehow, like instead of down, instead of digging ground, which if they'd gotten enough surge crews out there might have been identified. Is there any Chance he went up with, with, I think he probably threw it into the Snake River. You, he would Dr. Drive back there were the Snake River sort of ca came by the territory. He could have just tossed it anywhere near there.


It's so risky back Or it's possible that he went, went up to that, that park that he is using at his alibi. He could have gone to that park after the murder as he is driving around perhaps a, and then left it somewhere up there. It's just mind boggling. There's so much blood. The house is bleeding four dead young twenties and You know, teenagers in the course of 12 minutes, there would be blood all over you. How, how did he get it to the point where there was no blood in the car? I just, that's a big mystery for me. Yeah, it's a big question in this case. Okay, but let's Talk about, I'll do a big question for the jury. Yeah. On the subject of blood, what you were gonna say, we learned about those two, two other spots of blood. Yeah.


In the course of the hearing on January 23rd, Ann Taylor Kohlberg's attorney revealed that there has been blood found in the house belonging to two unknown males. The blood was found on a banister, a handrail going up to the second floor and also inside a glove outside the front of the house, blood from two unknown people. Now you, this was a party house, so you can imagine there'd be fingerprints on the handrail, but what reason is there for blood and what reason is for yeah, there to be blood on the glove. And if You know, they would belong to someone who had gone to the house during one of the parties, well, how hard would it been for the authorities to track down the fraternity boys who came in and out of the house and gotten blood samples from them.


But to this date, two and a half years later, they still have not been able to identify the blood. When the judge heard this, he said in open court, are you saying that Kohlberg had other people working with him? This doesn't mean Kohlberg wasn't involved, but there could have been accomplices, accomplices. This throws out, You know, a new mystery into the case. And here is how Ann Taylor is using it. She says, the real question is, how did the knife sheath get there? She is now going to argue in the course of the trial that these two Unknown Male, either one of them or both of them, put the knife sheath on the bed.


They were involved in the murder and Berger prior to the murder had somehow innocently touched the knife sheath. The, the DNA on the knife sheath is just touch DNA. And she's claiming that or will claim in at the trial that this was done innocently by Kohlberg. It's a argument that can raise a lot of doubts, I believe in a jury's mind and the prospects, the prospect that there could have been accomplices in the murder further complicates the case. Did, did the prosecution, did the FBI do any genetic genealogy on the DNA from the blood?


All I know is what was revealed in the court, and the court referred to it as unknown males. And You know, it Seems that they can track it down any theory on how, on how not one, but two men's DNA got on this crime scene, Howard, Well, I'll throw out a hypothesis, and again, it's just a hypothesis and maybe it's a sketchy one, but I, I believe Kohlberg was guilty. I can't get around the cheek swab. DNA that ties him there. So if he was out to commit the perfect crime, if he was a student of forensics, he could have taken a vial of blood with him and he could have put it on the banister.


He could have taken a glove with blood already embedded in it and left it at the crime scene. And he could have done this deliberately to put this police, the authorities to look for two other people. And he would've meanwhile been just gotten away with it. And it all would've worked if he hadn't left the knife sheath behind. It's a fascinating theory, you all I could think of when you were saying it was, of course the famous Johnny Cochrane, if the glove doesn't fit, you must acquit. Right? And I bet you anything that glove does not fit Brian Kohlberg's hand. And You know, if this is true, right?


Like what if, what if he as this, You know, he's just getting his PhD in criminology. He's a TA in criminology. All he does is study crime. And apparently he was very good, a very good student of it, very annoying and irritating to everybody he worked with at Wash Washington University. But what if, what if he really did do that? What if somehow he had access to somebody's blood? I don't know how he would've gotten it, but there is some speculation. This may not have been his first crime, if this was his crime. It was so meticulous and well handled. Perhaps this wasn't his first rodeo. And what if, what if that really was like an homage almost, You know, the two gloves. Reasonable doubt.


Right? And, and, and it would've worked. And You know, the police to this day can't identify whose blood that was. And again, if he hadn't left the knife sheath there, I don't think they would've been able to ever get to him. My god. Such a colossal error on his part. I I know this is a weird place to go, but I, I'd give anything to have been there when he realized he forgot it, You know, to see the look, the, the look come over his face when he realized his perfect crime had been foiled by him losing something as basic as the knife sheath, as incriminating as the knife sheath.


And then just praying to God that all the times he handled it with gloves on protected him from fingerprints or anything that would tie him to it. And yet he wasn't careful enough. And yet if his lawyers can get the evidence on the knife sheath thrown out because of FBI over overzealousness, it can turn the whole case upside down and an innocent man could be found. I mean, a guilty man could be found not, not innocent, but not guilty. Not guilty. All right. Now we have to talk about the eyewitness. But before we do, I wanna say this, this is the first time I really, really thought about the DNA, now that they've been caught, right?


The FBI, they shouldn't have used those private company databases. They did, they're obviously much bigger. 'cause a lot more people would give their DNA if they knew it was going to stay private and not be available to law enforcement. So they did, and that's how they found Brian Kohlberg's dad. To me, there's actually no chance of the judge suppressing the genetic genealogy, the touch DNA or anything because of that. Because that is a violation of the terms of service. I assume it's ancestry, DNA in 23 and me, I don't know. But I two Big ones. It's, it's my heritage. It's my heritage. DNA, that was the one site that was cited in court. Okay? So that's a violation of the terms of service of that company.


That company has rules that law enforcement's not supposed to go on there, but I, I don't think there's a law saying you've broken the law as a cop. If you go on there, it's just like the cop violated a, a term of service of a private company. So that's between the cop and the company. Maybe he, maybe the, the cop the, the police department gets sued over that. But I don't see how that helps the defendant whose DNA was uploaded. I I I agree with you. I think they're, they're just trying to create as many arguments as they can to force the defense, trying to force the issue. I do think Kohlberg's relatives, if they wanted to, could sue the police department.


Yeah. The FBI who did this, I think the FBI agents who did this could be reprimanded by the Justice Department. Those things could happen, but I don't think it will affect Kohlberg's case. But again, I was totally surprised that the judge left open the possibility of a Frank's hearing. And if this happens, if there is a Frank's hearing, then it's potentially a whole new ballgame. So interesting. Okay, let's get to Dylan Mortenson, right? Who is the eye witness? The, he went in, in the middle of the night. He killed four roommates. But there was one roommate, there's another roommate who wasn't there. And there was this roommate Dylan shown here, and she is what they called an eye witness in the affidavit.


She said she saw a man of medium build with bushy eyebrows wearing like a covid mask that they made eye contact with one another. She was frozen in a frozen shock phase phase. And he went by her, she went back into her room, she locked the door, she stayed in her room until almost noon the next day. As her roommates were bleeding to death. No one can understand the decision making, but no one's been in such a situation. I don't understand what happened with Dylan. No one does, but talk about like your witness collapsing. She may not even be able to give the prosecution what I just said, EE exactly.


What happened was, what you related was happened in the first interview the police had with Dylan over that week. And the next week that followed, there were three more interviews. Those three interviews, she seemed to change her story. She said that perhaps it was sort of a dream she was seeing. She couldn't be sure. Then she said that one of the victims had gone down the stairs and that wasn't possible because the victim had died in her bed. And, and then she admitted finally that she was just too drunk. That too drunk was the words that Anne Taylor used to come to any reasonable consideration of what happened that night.


And then finally on the fourth interview, just before they were going to arrest Kohlberg in Pennsylvania, the Idaho cops showed her a picture of Kohlberg and asked, can you identify him? And she said, no, I can't. Oh my God. And that really, really weakens her use as a witness between being too drunk between saying that she might have been dreaming the whole thing and then being, not being able to identify the photograph. Well the prosecution's big witness has, I don't know even know if she'll testify at the trial. I don't know if she will either. And that may have been the, the point of her changing her testimony.


Like picture a scenario in which she's just too terrified to sit in a courtroom across from this guy and also in front of the public. Which I mean, she didn't have anything to do with these crimes. It's just, You know, there's a fair amount of like what kind of a person would go back into their room and not call 9 1 1 after, You know, she's saying she's so afraid of this person. She went into shock. You know, it's just hard to understand. I I'm not trying to be unforgiving children. I mean, don't, maybe thats what's happen. What, You know, Pune her character, I mean, who knows what's going on in anyone's mind. But not only does she not call the police for eight hours, the first people she calls are not an ambulance, not the police, but she calls fraternity people to come and come to the house.


They come and they call the police And, and they are the ones we believe now Howard who found the bodies. Yes. There's a new video that's just was released last week and you can see Ethan's twin brother. There actually were triplets sitting outside the house the moment when the police arrived and he's wearing a pink sweatshirt sitting by a dumpster with his head in his hands. It's, it's a very poignant video. Wow. So she, 'cause that was always one of the big mysteries that it was somebody else. It wasn't Dylan who called 9 1 1, when ultimately the authorities were called and we didn't know who it was, but now we, we believe it was the fraternity brothers who she called to come over to the house.


Yes. The fraternity brother, the actual fraternity brother who made the call was Ethan's best friend. And the police have never released that, that 9 1 1 call, I imagine it will be played at the trial. That is unbelievable. So she is saying she doesn't know if she actually saw him or if it was her mind playing with her. She conceded that she had a lot to drink and was too inebriated to remember anything that happened that night with any authority. And when they showed her a photo of Kohlberg after the fact, she failed to identify him as the intruder she had seen. These are terrible facts.


Not a very good witness. No, No, no. She's not gonna be helpful at all. And it's unfortunate there a case doesn't rise or fall on her. But boy, you'd much rather have her say, I'll never forget those bushy eyebrows. And if I see those eyes again, I'll know them and then say, there they are right there at defense table. Right. And, and what's making all these doubts about the case have even more weight? There's a bill that's just been introduced in the Idaho legislature. It was at beginning of January where right now the death penalty is administered through a chemical injection.


And then if the chemicals aren't available, then there is a firing squad. Well, the Idaho Legis new bill wants to get rid of the chemical injections and just make it a firing squad. Wow. So they wanna, You know, they are demanding their pound of flesh in a sense. And that's going to, You know, the, going to weigh on the jury too, I think. Wow. I don't know. I'm fine with the death penalty. I really am. I'm, I like O'Reilly always used to say he was against it because he thought it was too easy on the defendant. You know, he wanted them to suffer in prison. I just feel like if Brian Colberg committed these crimes, he killed these four young, beautiful people in the prime of their lives.


I'd have absolutely no qualms at all seeing him shot down by a firing squad. I might actually celebrate it. Well, you might be able to get on the jury then. Oh, well maybe I'll at least go out there. I dunno. I just feel like I have no empathy for a person like that. Again, it's not totally consistent with my Catholic faith, but it's just how I genuinely feel. I just feel like those people shouldn't be allowed to roam the earth any longer. But I have to be honest, I don't like the fact that all the supporting evidence is falling apart. And You know, when we talk about how the cheek swab matched Brian Kohlberg, what we're saying is the, the cheek swab, Brian Kohlberg's DNA was definitely on the knife sheath.


That's what that proves. Right? It his, it was his DNA on the knife sheath. But let's be honest, all that really proves is that he touched that knife sheath at some point. It does not prove murder. Exactly. Ann Taylor's big question and which her defense is all gonna be based around is how did the knife sheath get in that bedroom? Who could have put it there? It wasn't Brian Berger. Right. And if there's, You know, if like, if the car evidence is falling apart, right? Like it's true, you can never see the driver and the nor the license plate. Right? You can't see the license plate in any video. No, you can't see the license plate. You can't see the driver.


And it took the FBI three shots until they were able to identify the car. So Ann Taylor's gonna argue it took the FBI three times, maybe should have taken them four times and they would've finally gotten it right. And then the cell phone hits. They're, they're helpful, but they're not ballgame, but without a motive, without a connection. Go ahead. What were you gonna say? I mean, the cell phone hits her 10 miles in a town like Moscow. You could be, You know, on the other side of town seeing someone. I mean he went from That's what Ann Taylor said at the hearing. Did the prosecution push back at that, on that at all? No, because I've definitely heard prosecutors argued.


No, they're, they can be more specific than that At, it was so interesting to me at the hearing, the prosecution didn't really argue any of her points. They, when she said it was an outright lie, that was her words outright lie, that he had stalked any of the victims. They didn't argue, they went along with that, that there was no blood evidence. They didn't argue, there were no dog hairs found anywhere on co berger. They didn't argue. They seemed to be conceding all these points except for the DNA evidence. That's not good enough. That's not good enough. Because it'd be one thing if his blood were at the scene and they, and that was a match to the cheek swab.


What we're saying the cheek squab, squab matched was that one piece of touch DNA on the knife sheath, which I realize is a good fact for the prosecution. But it's not ballgame. It's maybe, maybe he somehow touched the knife at a friend's house. Maybe he touched it in a store. Maybe. I know he purchased a knife on Amazon that appears to have been a K bar knife, but maybe somebody stole that knife from him. We're, there's a lot of loops. The prosecution's gonna have to close. I mean, you're a good lawyer, you're raising all the right questions and now that Unknown Male blood has been found in the house, that raises the possibility of accomplices other people there on the murder night because it's not fingerprints that were found, it's blood, which you leave blood at a party. I don't know.


But back to our, my favorite piece of evidence, the fact that he was shoving his garbage into little baggies for disposal in the neighbor's trash. The cops had already realized he was disposing of his trash in the neighbors the night the FBI raided his parents' home in the Poconos back home in Pennsylvania when he went on winter break is just absolutely devastating though I will acknowledge it is possible a crafty defense attorney will find some willing family member or someone to say there was a reason for that. Like he, he's, he's got OCD, he always did this. He'd done it for years. We didn't know why. I don't know why they then, if he had to put his things in Ziploc baggies, he couldn't have put it out in his own trash.


Had to go in the neighbor's trash. But that's a terrible fact for the defense. Well, the defense is going to try to get around that in one way is that Kohlberg's family parents lived in a sort of gated community and they had a garbage service. The FBI and the Pennsylvania State Police got the kohlberg's garbage from this garbage company. They, the defense is going to claim they did not have a valid search warrant, a valid warrant to get this garbage from the private carding company. I don't know if that's gonna ha hold up in court, but that's the argument they're going to raise.


So the best case scenario there would be they exclude the fact that they found the kohlberg's trash in the neighbor's trash bin, but it would not exclude them finding him shoving his trash into individual Ziploc baggies at the moment of the arrest in the middle of the night. That sounds like a criminal with something to hide. Not an honest criminology student who's been, You know, wrongly accused. I I, I agree. But at the same time, he, he, he's a very strange young man. He has visual snow. He was a heroin addict. He has strange practices. He goes off at four in the morning to look at stars in a wilderness park on a foggy night.


Would he put his garbage into separate bags? Who knows. Oh my God. This is Howard's just giving us a preview of how this is gonna sound at trial. I mean, It's gonna be a very interesting trial. Even the jury selection's going to be interesting And they're going to like, this is a good preview because Anne Taylor's gonna pick apart every piece of the prosecution's case. Like every piece, nothing will be allowed without objection, without a counter narrative. And all she needs is one juror. She just needs one to say, I don't have total confidence. I have reasonable doubt. And in a murder case, you really gotta be sure if you're sending someone off either for a lethal injection or a firing squad, you wanna make sure beyond the shadow of a doubt that you're doing the right thing.


Oh my God, this makes me feel sick. I have like acid in my stomach from this discussion. I just, I wish they had more. I'm, I know. No, it's an, it was an important hearing. You learned a ton. We, we corresponded privately. I was like, oh my God. Well, we've all been paying attention to Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump stuff's really been happening in this very important case that, I mean truly this is, we laugh because it's like, now it's easier to just talk about the legalities of it. But these four beautiful college students, and once again, they are Madison Mogan, Kayli Gonzalez, Zana Granal and Ethan Chapin murdered right in the prime of their life, November, 2022. And their families deserved justice and they deserved it before this August. It's been too long.


Did they talk at all about moving the trial date or do we think it's on for August? Well, they're trying, I think it will take place. I don't think this judge is going to delay any longer, but the defense is still asking for more time. We'll see if he grants it. I I don't believe he will. But no, I was surprised. He, he raised the possibility of a Frank's hearing that that shocked me. Yep. The families deserve just let's have a trial. There's not nothing that's gonna be gained by a delay by the defense or the prosecution, frankly. Thank you so much, Howard Bloom. And people can get your latest reporting on this case in air mail. In air mail, and in my book, When The Night Comes Falling.


Awesome. Okay, check out his book. I've read it. It was great. And Air Mail is subscription publication that you can get. Just Google it and you'll see it's run by Grayden Carter, former former guy behind Vanity Fair. Thanks to all of you for watching and listening. And don't forget, we will be back in just a couple of hours with our full show. Don't miss that. Talk to you later. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda And no fear.


Some therapists say that debt can make people feel desperate and helpless. It can ruin your sleep, creep into your relationships. It can wreck happiness. But there are ways to get help. Let me tell you about Done With Debt. They have aggressive new strategies to end your debt fast. Done with debt stands between you and the bill collectors. They tirelessly negotiate to slash balances, eliminate interest and stop the crushing penalties. All without loans or bankruptcy. Done with debt has one goal to wipe out your debt for good. Before you even consider making another payment, consider a visit to done with debt.com. Speak with one of their strategists for free and tell them I sent you. But you do need to hurry because some of these debt solutions are time sensitive and you don't wanna miss out. Go to done with debt.com. Done with debt.com.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.