
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Monday. There has been massive political fallout, international and domestic to the Oval Office Showdown Friday afternoon between President Trump and President Zelensky. I mean, we experienced that together, live here on the air if you watch us live on SiriusXM. It was stunning. And Of course, it was obvious that it was going to be a big deal. And You know, I have to say it's been predictable reaction from these leftists, but there have been some very interesting new twists.


We will spend some time breaking it all down for you in just a bit, how it went off the rails and who was really behind it, who was really behind making it go off the rails in just a bit. But we are going to start the day on a lighter note because the Academy Awards were last night. And the reason, it's interesting, I didn't watch it. Maybe I didn't, didn't watch it, but my team watched it and I've spent the morning watching clips and getting up to speed on it. And the reason it's interesting to discuss is it's almost like a cultural touchstone in some ways. Like, where are we? What's too far? What's not far enough? How are we still absolutely, You know, go crazy when it comes to woke him?


Or how, how loony are we? How loony are they? What are they celebrating? What are they not celebrating? It's just sort of like a little window into h weird. And as a result, some of the rest of us, I'll tell you what the biggest outrage was of the whole evening. The whole evening. Where was Reagan? Reagan not nominated for best picture. The Mark Joseph biopic on Ronald Reagan. And the reason why they didn't qualify under the weird DEI standards that Hollywood has, you have to have like a 38% of the cast and or crew be L-G-B-T-Q or also women or Bipoc.


I would like, you can't, you're not eligible to win that award unless you have quotas met on your ca. It's ridiculous. They got robbed. That's my own opinion. Okay? But there was a lot of drama there. There's a lot actually that, that went down that I found quite interesting, and I think you will too. So we're gonna start there. Joining me now, influencer and commentator Link, Lauren and Christian Toto, host of the Hollywood in Toto podcast.


The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. And with April 15th, fast approaching, it's more aggressive than ever. If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, waiting is not a great option. Don't do it. April 15th could mark another taxi year that's just passed you by and added to your stress. So the smart move is to get ahead of it now. But You know, do not contact the IRS alone. That's crazy. Talk. Instead, you could let the experts at Tax Network USA handle this for you. Why? Well, not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS, so they know exactly which agents to deal with and which to avoid with proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 million tax network USA's, attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists today for free. Don't let the IRSs control your future 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan tn usa.com/megan April 15th at just around the corner. Act now before the IRS Acts.


First Christian Link. Welcome to the show. Thanks, Brenda. Thanks for having me. Okay, so let's kick it off with the weird tension. I detected it too. I don't think the online influencers are all wrong between Oprah and Whoopi who got up there to remember Quincy Jones. And they, there they were both in the Color Purple and Whoopi was nominated for best actress in that film. She didn't win, but she did later win best supporting actress for Ghost. And Oprah was nominated for best supporting actress in the Color Purple and didn't win.


She's never won an Oscar. And reportedly this is very upsetting to her because she feels she deserves, she deserves an Oscar, even though TV was her medium. But she, she has to rule everything, so she's bitter. So watch this moment. Of course, predictably, naturally, Oprah tries to make it a better herself. And you can see Whoopi kind of recoil watch. When we talk about Black excellence, we talk about Quincy. My life changed forever and for the better. After meeting him, he actually discovered me for The Color Purple, which was my first film. Yeah, yeah, yeah, me too.


You can see Whoopi like kind of pull away from her while she starts talking about herself and the color Purple Oprah does. And then Whoopi gives her a couple of claps, like, oh yeah, go Oprah. This one isn't about you. And then says, me Too, which is kind of like the Me Too thing is very interesting because she was the bigger star. She had the bigger role, You know, with Oprah Christian. It's all about Oprah. I don't know if the stage was big enough for those two egos. So that's part of the problem here. It is amazing that you're there to honor someone. And all you can think about is how do I honor myself? How do I raise my, my, my, my, my brand up in this precious moment about, I, it's, it's amazing.


I it's, it's right on par with these celebrities. It's just not about the, the movies, it's not about the celebrities. It's about me, me, me, get my closeup. I need my time. So I'm not shocked by any of this, but, You know, seeing Whoopi Goldberg outside the View is a little refreshing. 'cause you do remember she did have talent back in the day, and she is actually a good actress and a good performer. You catch in the view and it's, You're so right. It's shocking. It's A bad forget that. She actually is a, a very good actress. She was great. And I remember Jumping Jack Flash, I loved that movie. Hmm. That was so fun. And then Of course, ghost, she was wonderful in that. And then not to mention The Color Purple. And it, you could, I, I definitely sensed her being like, what are you doing? The pull away, the fake clap thing.


And then, yeah, me Too Link, which seemed to be a, you were like second billing at best, Oprah in that movie, which was mine. Absolutely. And I also have to say, I think Whoopi Goldberg's stylist were sabotaging her. I don't know what the hell she was wearing. She looked horrible. And when I saw Oprah come out on stage, it really was a moment where I thought Hollywood has learned nothing. These liberal Hollywood elites have learned absolutely nothing. If we remember Oprah Winfrey came out a week before this election and said, if Donald Trump wins, if Kamala Harris loses, we will never have another election. This is the final election. Women are gonna get sent back to the Dark Ages.


Well, have women lost any rights since January 20th? No. But these rich elite celebrities, they like to virtue signal and pledge loyalty and fey to Palestine and Ukraine. What about the homeless people outside the Dolby Theater that they stepped over in their ball gowns and their diamonds and jewels? These people are full of shit. Oprah, you have less clout than ever before. Nobody cares. You have no influence. And we saw that on November 5th, goodbye. Yes, that's right. You and I have more influence on the public dialogue than she does here. Speaking of that, Selena Gomez, it was like weeks ago, weeks ago that we saw the ah, ah, my people, the immigrants evil Trump, my the children.


Here it is. Just as a refresher, we'll watch a little. I just wanted to say that. I am so sorry. How many people are getting attacked It? Okay, you, you remember Okay, but link, she's made a speedy recovery because that's what I was good Newses last night. She appeared in her custom Ralph Lauren number that was complete with her dress. 16,000 drops of glass and hand sewn Rosemont crystals arranged into a lattice pattern made by a team of 12 Italian artisans who airbrushed the glass. She also brought the bling wearing a platinum collar necklace with a 10 karat pair cut, diamond drop pendant alongside diamond earrings and a handful of rings.


That's not even counting what she wore here at the Vanity Fair after party, which was her custom black sequence column gown by Armani Preve accessorized with her Bulgari, Julie Jewelry and her necklace, especially standing out as a focal piece. What immigrants? Selena Gomez, you're also full of shit. When she was like, my people, my people are getting attacked. Are your people trend at Arawa and MS 13 gang members? If those are your people, you have a $35 million mansion with about 25 guest rooms. You haven't taken any of them in since that ridiculous cringe-worthy video. And like you said, Megan, Selena Gomez, she seems to have recovered. She's dripping in diamonds in jewels.


But this goes back to what I was saying, these celebrities love to just virtue signal and tell us how to live our lives, but then they go out there and do the complete opposite. So I wanna send Selena Gomez to Guantanamo. I wanna send Whoopi Goldberg, Oprah. We don't need these Hollywood celebrities. And I really feel a majority of Americans care less unless about these celebrities. I mean, I used to watch all the movies. I would love the Oscars. I haven't even seen a single one of the movies. But then again, I'm more into American classic films like Mean Girls and the Hangover two. Yeah. You know, I have say last night, my, with my Family, we watched Braveheart. It was great. I, we watched that in, so the Oscars, that was an actually great movie. We, on the subject of the hypocrisy, Julianne Huff, the Dancing with the Stars Lady.


I don't know why she's there, but she's there. Okay. She gets the ABC contract and goes for woke woke. Number one, I'm the, I'm the wokes of them mall because they have this Porsche Le do the land acknowledgement. There she is. Yes. We gather in celebration of the Oscars on the ancestral lands of the Tonga t and Chumash peoples, the traditional caretakers of this water and land, we honor and pay our respects to indigenous communities here and around the world. Well, it wasn't that long ago that Julianne Huff was not quite this woke, because this is her in blackface doing, and Orange is the new black Halloween costume 2013, which is just a few years before my comment that people used to wear these kind of costumes and she was a little less woke then, guys, I don't know.


I feel like this is what happened. She got so berated by the public for that choice that now she's doing land acknowledgement. I mean, Julie Julianne just give the land back, just make the whole night about the transfer of land back to the indigenous people and we'll call it a night. We wouldn't have to suffer through a three and a half hour show. I think everyone would be happier about that. It's so true. What, what are they gonna do about it? Link, all I wanna do is stand up at all these events, these Democrats and say how bad they feel about the Native Americans. Any who back to me and my jewels. Right? That's exactly, I think after seeing the black, past the blackface picture of Julianne Huff, she should get together with Carla Sophia Gas gone. They should do a movie together. In fact, Carla Sophia was the only one I would even wanna get a drink with from the entire show.


But she committed the cardinal sin. All these people, the cardinal sin in Hollywood is if you say anything remotely conservative, if you express in a view that's just not in that 10% liberal Hollywood bubble, you are going to be ostracized. But I was happy to see Carla Sophia there. I don't know all of her tweets. If she said something tor horribly heinous, don't come from me. But nonetheless, she's the only person I'd even wanna hang out with from the whole show. Yes. Okay. So I, we are gonna get to the movies in a second, but I just wanna stay on some of these, like these interesting side issues. Here's my question for you, Christian. Where was the clothing? Where were people's clothes? Kylie Jenner shows up because she was the date of Timothy Chalamet, who's all the rage.


I'm not gonna lie, I I thought he was more lynx type. I did not know that he was into women. I, I didn't. But You know, and You know, time will tell. But in any event, he shows up with Tylee. He's too scrawny for me. Yeah. And she's wearing a bathing suit, which is, You know, right on course for, for the Kardashian Jenner Kraut. Look at this. Her enormous breasts and a bathing suit was her chosen outfit. I guess I'll start there. The two of them were love birding it up. And he had his weird yellow outfit on like canary yellow, top to bottom. And then at the Vanity Fair Oscar party after the fact, they, they also weren't wearing clothing.


I'm not sure why there was, what's her name? Oh God, come on. The one from house. Olivia Wild. We have her picture. Hmm. Yes, Olivia totally See-through. I can see her boobs. You can see her underwear. She, she's got in the front, it looks like a granny panty, but in the back she has no bottoms on. And you can see her total bottom. I can see total boob all the way belly down to like, almost the badge. That was her choice. And then you've got Zoe Kravitz who thought it would be really hot for us for, to show us her entire ass. Not even just like the top of the asscrack, but full asscrack. I mean, if you go too low, people start thinking about a different thing that involves the bottom, madam, you've gone too far.


It stopped being sexy and started to just be a little raunchy. So you tell me Christian wear were people's clothing. Well, here's the thing. They want to be shocking and outrageous. And people have been doing this since Cher showed up half naked at the Oscars many years ago. If you really wanna be shocking and outrageous, you say, Hey, can you bring the hostages home? Hey, You know what's happening in Britain with free speech? It's going away. Maybe we should all rally around that cause and say something about it and bring it to people's attention. That would be genuinely shocking. What this stuff is just, that's a great point. And silly and just, it's just the same old, same old. It's like Madonna posing with her armpit hair, You know, at 60 something. Who cares? It's not shocking.


It's not revolutionary. Speak up for free speech. Hey, You know what? That that cancel culture stuff. It needs to go, You know, that woke garbage gone. But they won't even say a syllable about that ever. And You know, Michael Rappaport, who's been just an absolute warrior for the hostages, I mean, he did a skit last year saying, imagine if the Oscars actually said, bring the hostages home. This is an outrage. It'll never happen. That is speaking A lot. Such a good point about This industry. You know, I'll tell you something interesting, my friends over at the commentary podcast, John Pdot, who actually is a film critic, in addition to being just a writer and commentary and so on, used to be a presidential speech writer.


He was going off on Adrian Brody because he starred in a movie about the Holocaust. And he won, he won best actor and he won another award 20 years ago for the pianist. Gotta say that word just right. The pianist Nailed It. And, and that too was about a Holocaust survivor. And phar, You know, justifiably commentary is a Jewish magazine. Was like, yeah, maybe you would've had a word about like the Holocaust and maybe more than just one passing reference to antisemitism. Like, you had to check that box at the end. And then he lumped it in together with, You know, racism.


Like, he, he didn't, it was like all before me, me, me, I, I, I, and before I get played off the stage by the music antisemitism and racism too. Here's a little bit of that. Watch Adrian, please, Please. I'm wrapping up. I will wrap up. Please turn the music off. I've done this before. Thank you. Thank four. I'm here once again to represent the lingering traumas and the repercussions of war and systematic oppression and of antisemitism, and of racism and of othering.


And I believe that I pray for a, a healthier and a happier and a more inclusive world. And I believe if the past can teach us anything, it's a reminder to not let hate go unchecked. What do you make of it? You know, he didn't mention puppies. Why didn't he mention how wonderful puppies are? Listen, here's the thing. The Oscar whole season isn't just this night. There are weeks and weeks where all these different artists speak to the press at different events they do to cocktail parties. And that could have been the moment or moments where he discussed the fact that there were Nazis marching across college campuses for the last year and a half.


He didn't do that. And even when he mentions antisemitism and good for him had to mention othering, had to mention racism, had to kind of dilute it. That's where we are in society right now. This industry has been so stone cold, silent about what's going on in the country about universities and the chaos and the absolute hatred. They can't spare a syllable. It just, it is genuinely shocking. So I you have to give him partial credit for even bringing it up because no one else did. It's so sad. Link. He has to get credit. He's starting to film about the Holocaust. Like Yeah, you might wanna give it a mention. Yeah. And I get where Christian's coming from. They should say, bring the hostages home. But if you haven't said that by now, since October 7th, 2023, I really don't need to hear it from you.


In the 11th hour after Hamas has murdered babies, women and children, and just done hero, horrific, atrocious tragedies, I also really just don't need to hear about foreign policy from these celebrities. I mean, most of them have second grade educations. Selena Gomez, I think she got her degree at Disney Channel University. I don't really need to hear about foreign policy from all you celebrities who are idiots. So Adrian Brody, accept your award and then get off stage. If you haven't spoken up about antisemitism until now, we don't need to hear it. It's a fair point. But it was, it is very noticeable when they try to lump it. Antisemitism and racism too. Racism and the other reason others. I wanna get your, everybody clapping for me.


Okay. So let's talk about the movie a Nora, which I haven't seen it for the record, PDOT thought it was wonderful and actually thought we should all go see it. I don't know. It's about, I guess like a a this prostitute or sort of, I don't know, she's a full prostitute, but she's, she's given it up for reasons other than love. And it's sex supposedly. It's got like a great Yeah. Oh yeah. You have to, you have to say sex worker. You're not allowed to say prostitute. And that's what that what I wanna talk to you about. Like they all tried to elevate that, You know, that job that that choice as something kind of laudable, You know, like you have construction workers and you have, You know, dairy work workers and you have sex workers.


It's just like, it's a choice. It's just a totally fine choice here. Is Sean Baker accepting best original screenplay for that movie? A Nora SAT three. I want to thank the sex worker community. They have, they have shared their stories, they have shared their life experience with me over the years. My deepest respect. Thank you. I share this with you. And then here's Mikey Madison who accepted the best actress award for the same movie. I also just want to again, recognize and honor the sex worker community. I will, I will continue to support and be an ally.


All of the incredible people, the women that I've had the privilege of meeting from that community has been one of the highlights of this incredible, of this entire incredible experience. She wants to honor the sex worker community link. Absolutely. I mean, I just found out last night that the movie was a Nora the last year I thought it was Menorah and was just happy a Jewish film had been nominated at the Oscars. Turns out it's not Menorah, it's a Nora and is about sex workers. So maybe I should have watched some of the films. Now when it comes to prostitutes and sex workers, I think it's perfectly fitting. This movie won five out of the six awards it was nominated for. Because almost all those actors and actresses, they are basically prostitutes and hookers themselves.


They get dressed up, they go out there, say lines, they say a bunch of bullshit. You pay them, they'll put out whatever you want them to. So they're all basically sex workers in the audience as well. What I was really dismayed by is that Dimmy Moore didn't win. You know, for the last year we've been hearing about Demi Moore and this knockout performance, I hate to say it, it was sort of Demi Moore's last chance to win a huge best actress award. And so I was a little disappointed that Mikey Madison won and beat out Demi Moore. My one piece of advice to Demi Moore, you look beautiful and I know your name is Demi Moore, but you need to be doing demi less cheek filler because the mar Yes, the Mars Rover can see those things. Yes. Oh, can I just say something about that? Because I saw the same thing. Demi Moore, it was crazy. She got some sort of strange thing done to her face a couple years ago.


I remember she was walking in, I think the Balenciaga right? I one of those massive brands, runway shows. And she, she looked shocking. There had been so much work. Yeah. And then she went to a surgeon who undid that and she looked much better. She looked, she started to look normal, just like a, a normal woman again. And she looked great and she's starting to drift over again. It's starting to happen again with the cheeks in particular link. Well, the one thing I'll say also that I found really hypocritical is that they keep saying Demi Moore, she's defying beauty standard. She's defying age standard. She's so beautiful at 62. 62 is not old. People are beautiful at any age, but it was so hypocritical because Hollywood, they're the ones who created the age and beauty standards that are so unrealistic.


So you guys created these standards and then Demi Moore tries to keep up and now she's being praised. It was a bunch of Tom Foolery and like you mentioned about Kylie Jenner, she's sitting there with her surgical body. She's the same age as me and she's been under the knife 20 times allegedly. But I don't know what, You know, we should be expecting from Kylie Jenner Moore. Look At her. She's starting to look d yeah, there's the cheeks are too much. I want, I I have a message to my fellow women. It is okay to have lines on your face. It's fine. And honestly, like I'm, I'm big on Botox. I've told the audience that I am, I am very anti filler because all it does is make you look bloated and kind of fat. I'd much rather have these lines here. I really would just, right, they're lines, they're lines because I'm 54 lines come on your face when you're 54.


You can do something about the ones up here. You can't do much about these and that's fine. Might as well let 'em come instead of making yourself look weirdly fat and bloated on an otherwise stunning face. Christian cared to weigh in on the beauty debate. Yeah, well the whole thing is that the movie that she was gonna be nominated, that she was nominated for was the Substance All about these beauty standards. All about how cruel Hollywood is for treating women differently as they get older. And what has she done? She just changed her face. She, you used all these different, different appliances and all these techniques to look younger instead of saying, Hey, I am 62. You know, look at my performance and say this is what I did. This is the carriage I brought, I got a nomination at this age.


I'm defying all the, all the categories that are in Hollywood. But no, actually she's living a life that is really kind of contrast to the movie itself. It's called the Substance. It's about eternal youth. It's about the cruelty of, of Hollywood. And that she's just saying, yeah, I'm gonna play the game. Mm. It's, it's, it's just a lot of pressure. I mean, being in Hollywood, it's a lot of pressure. I I, I'm like, it's torn. 'cause I feel for these women, they can't have a career past a certain age unless they get all this stuff done. But then you do need the best friend or like the husband to be like, sweetheart, you've gone too far. Like Link said more, more is not more in, in some areas di less dinny, less facial filler is definitely one of them. Alright, back of the subject of antisemitism.


The movie that won best Documentary was called No Other Land, which was an outrage because it should have been Matt Walsh's film for The Daily Wire. I mean, just pick, well pick your film really could have been what is a woman. But the one about, You know, DEI and and Robin DeAngelo that should have been nominated. They Are Too Afraid of Matt. And he didn't get it. So this movie, no Other Land won. And here is a soundbite of that movie from its trailer, which is about what's happening in Palestine. I started to film when we started to end the year 2019, They have bulldozers.


I'm filming you, there's a bulldozer knocking down settlements. I need air. Oh my God, Palestinians are upset. I don't want them to take our home. Could open eyes, eyes change minds. Okay? So that's, this is a, a film about, You know, the Israeli Palestinian conflict told from one point of view only, and it won best Documentary. And this is how they sounded when they went up to accept it. Standby. So 12, Two months ago, I became a father. And my hope to my daughter that she will not have to live the, the same life I'm living now.


Always, always, always. Fear settle's violence, home demolitions and forest spill displacement that my community riata is living and facing every day under the Israeli occupation. No other land. Fl reflect the harsh reality that we have been enduring for decades and still resist as we call on the war to stake serious actions to stop the injustice and to stop the ethnic cleansing of Palestinian people. Okay? And then you got more of it when their director got up there as well. Okay? You, you get the gist.


So all the time in the world for that kind of messaging, and then again contrast Christian with the Adrian Brody antisemitism and racism and othering all against all of it. That's, that's about as much as the Israelis or Jews in America got. But that's why you don't get that plea to stamp out anti-Semitism because listen to the crowd's reaction to their win, to their speeches. There were people standing up, there were people cheering it. W they they won over the crowd. That's the message that Hollywood supports. Not the fact that the hostages are still in captivity or they've been killed or they've been treated badly or October 7th and it's fallout. That's not what they care about. They care about this film. It says everything about the industry today and none of it is good.


I was shocked link that Amelia Perez did not, Anora was the big winner about the quote sex worker. But I was shocked that Amelia Perez did not win the best picture award because it's been winning. And it's about this Mex Colombian drug cartel Lord who decides to go trans and quote becomes a woman. And then it turned out that guy who was, he was nominated as one of the best actresses, even though it's a man, said a bunch of things that sound, You know, right wing ish and got canceled. Because while, You know, arguably offensive, I think the real sin, as you pointed out earlier, was the principles.


The underlying principles are more right link, right, right-leaning, which is not okay. But Amelia Perez did get one big win. Zoe Saldana won for best supporting actress. She's the one in that ridiculous clip that we always play when she the guy's like vaginoplasty. Yes, yes. Rhinoplasty. Yes. And so she won. And here's a bit of that in SAT 16. Mommy, mommy, mommy. My mom is here. My whole family's here. My grandmother came to this country in 1961.


I am a proud child of immigrant parents with dreams and dignity and hardworking hands. And I am the first American of Dominican origin to accept an Academy Award. And I know I'll not be the last, She's no dummy. That's exactly what you should do if you wanna get in Hollywood. Is it, is it not? Christian, you get up there, oh my gosh. And you Yeah. Immigrant, immigrant, Dominican first ever. I think Lake and Riley's family might disagree with that speech. Listen, what what this is, and the great actor Nick Searcy mentioned this to me a while ago and it really stuck with me.


These are all not just speeches, they're auditions for the next part. This is them saying, I am with you. I think like you, please hire me for your next gig because I can, You know, reflect your values. That's what this, that's what a lot of this is. And You know what, what Hollywood doesn't do is it doesn't distinguish between illegal immigration and legal immigration because we don't object to legal immigration. It's a beautiful, wonderful thing. But they blur the lines on purpose. They do it all the time. And You know, I mean the several winners last night, even though it was fairly woke free in in most regards, they had to say, oh, I'm the first X, y, Z to win. You won. Just give the speech. It, it speaks for itself.


Just yes, grab the award and go home. Did you talk about your, take your painter, Mickey Dravet. Yeah, exactly. Yeah. Talk about, but I'll say there about thank your director, right? Thank your family. You know, talk about your process. Even with a sex worker thing, I, it would've been fine to say I thank the women who helped me understand this role, but like, I honor and respect them. Why? No, I, we, that's, this is not something we want held up as a value for our young daughters. Like, sure, sure this is an option for you, honey. It was sitting there with my, I didn't watch it, but if I had been 13-year-old daughter Sure. Sex worker, it's on the list. You could look into that. You spread your legs for any Tom Dicker Harry who comes along and they give you, You know, a a, a meaningful wage potentially, if you're one of the lucky ones.


What a ridiculous joke. These people would never want their family members to go into this totally respectable, honorable line of work. Anyway, link your thoughts on it. Well, I mean, you mentioned spreading your legs. That's probably how half of them got cast in these films. But when we watched Zoe Salana speech, it's interesting, she's all about diversity, but she rose to fame because of the avatar series where she's been appropriating the Blue Man group for about 10 years. So Zoe Salana also, she really underscores this theme in Hollywood where they love diversity. Black, Asian, Latin, Venezuelan, Dominican, whatever she is. But they don't like diversity of thought. So you can be from any nationality, ethnicity, but if you express a view that goes against their dharma, their dogma, if it's not a liberal, elitist progressive view, then you're gonna get ostracized.


And that's what we saw with the transgender actress. Now, as for that movie Amelia Perez, I'm not shocked it didn't win. Best picture. Who wants to go see a transgender opera? Nobody wants to go see this. No. And Hollywood will continue fading into irrelevance. They will fade away off the cliffs of California unless they embrace the 77 million Americans who voted for Donald Trump. If they don't embrace half the country or even these millions of independents, they are going to continue disintegrating. There's a reason people aren't going to movies. It's not because we suddenly became lazy, it's because the movies suck. Yes. That's really, that's, that's an excellent observation and really kind of the main takeaway. Is it not Christian? Like, do you remember? Yeah, I remember when I was young lawyer, I was practicing, I was practicing newly as a lawyer in Illinois.


It was 1995. And there was this great guy I knew who was on Michigan Mile in Chicago. He had this great apartment that overlooked the twinkly lights of the Chicago downtown and Lake Michigan. And he had one of those player pianos that plays itself, You know, it was just so fun. And he used to have this big Oscar celebration every time the Oscars run. And we got invited, they ordered in the best Italian food and there were drinks flowing. And it was so fun. And everybody wanted to see who won because we had all seen the films and we knew the actors and we didn't hate them or think that they hated us. It's a totally different dynamic now where you're like, I'll check the clips. I I haven't seen any of these and I'm pretty sure we all hate each other By the way.


Okay, so the movie that won it all last night, I Nora $15 million at the box office, us. That is a, a pittance. That means that no one has seen it. But by the way, whenever I tweet about the Oscars, it is my job. It's what I do. Everyone who responds to me says, oh, I'm sorry, taking one for the team. I'm not watching thoughts and prayers. I mean, it is ridiculous. People are actively not watching the Oscars. And like you said, back in the day, you make a party, you have a pool, you say, who got the most nominations? Right? It was fun, it was exciting. It was, it was a celebration of all the movies we just watched. And now it's like, oh, I haven't seen eight outta 10, I haven't seen nine Outta 10. I saw a Dune part two. And that's it.


It is so disconnected from the public. And listen, it shouldn't be a, this movie was the best made the most money, and that gets best picture. It shouldn't be that way. But the disconnect is profound and I'm looking forward to hearing the ratings. I suspect they'll be pretty low, but they're, I mean, they've shrunk so dramatically from about 10 or years, years ago. People don't care. It is not a cultural institution. It's dying. And now I'm bringing, it may actually go onto Netflix from A, B, C, which is another sort of step down the ladder. Wow, Go ahead. Link. Well, I was gonna say, Rachel Maddow makes 10 million more dollars a year than what a norm made at the box office. Just to put it in perspective, Rachel's making 25 million and you're telling me a Nora made 15 million at the box office.


Nobody cares about these movies. And my comments said the same thing, Christian. They're like, you must be a martyr or a masochist for watching the Oscars. I said, yes, I'm doing it for you guys. I don't wanna be doing this. I'd rather be waterboarded by ISIS than watch this show. Yes, but I'm here doing it for you. You're, you're a giver, both of you that way. Right? I'm gonna end on this. There was finally a tribute by Morgan Freeman to the great Gene Hackman, who died under very strange circumstances, which are still being investigated. The latest outta Santa Fe, New Mexico is that they, they believe, hi, they, his pacemaker last had a hit, You know, in the recording. It gets recorded on February 17th, which means they had been lying there for 10 days. Dr.


Badden was on Fox News, famed forensic pathologist suggesting he thinks maybe Gene had a heart attack and the wife possibly was like frantically trying to get heart medication, blood pressure medication back in the bathroom to save him maybe, and had a slip and fall or had a heart attack of her own. That's just speculation at this point. We'll have to wait. But they did not find carbon monoxide in the bodies. So it really truly was not a carbon monoxide event. The dog who died in the kennel was believed to have been locked in the kennel and died from just dehydr hydration starvation. So in any event, that whole thing is very mysterious. But Morgan Freeman got up there and gave a, a brief but sober tribute, tribute to the Great Gene Hackman. I'll play it in part, Gene always said, I don't think about legacy.


I just hope people remember me as someone who tried to do good work. So I think I speak for us all when I say Gene, you'll be remembered for that and for so much more. Rest in peace my friend. And You know what guys? The reason we all feel like, oh, gene Hackman, even though he is a 95-year-old man, we knew he was going to die at some point in the next, You know, not too distant future is because he did. He was from a, an era of Hollywood where we all loved him. You know, he did Hoosiers and French connection and Unforgiven and the firm.


And like, he never took a side. In fact, there was a great clip circulating of him saying like, I'm a Democrat, but I really loved and respected Ronald Reagan as something to that effect. You know, it was just a different time. And it was a time that allowed us all to enjoy the art coming out of Hollywood. That time has gone, you're, you're new here, Christian, so I'll give you, I'll give you the first crack on that one. Yeah. You know, I don't know. Gina Hackman never insulted me. He never talked down to me. He never told me how to vote. He never insulted me in any fashion. He just made great movies. And in his late seventies, he said, You know what? I think I've done enough. I'm gonna retire. I mean, everything about his, his career and his personal life just seemed like an arc of grace and courage.


And he was the best at what he did. And for all those reasons, we admire him and we miss him dearly. And again, even though he was in his nineties, it just, it still feels like a loss. So he is an era that has gone by. We just don't have that anymore. Yeah, it's a loss of more than Gene Hackman. It's a loss of an era that we all really treasured and didn't know was Temporary Link. Yeah. Nobody even makes good films anymore. I miss that era. I'm going to miss that era. I'm probably gonna have to stream that era on Amazon Prime. Thank you Jeff Bezos. But when Morgan Freeman came out as devastating, as devastating as it is that Gene Hackman passed away, I was happy to see Morgan Freeman or Mick Jagger because actually there was some star power finally at the Oscars. I don't really know who a lot of these young actors and actresses are.


They don't have that same pizazz and star factor that actors used to have to have to make it in Hollywood. So when I saw Morgan Freeman and Mick Jagger come out, at least it was a little exciting and reminded you, oh, there are big stars who have that X factor. 'cause we don't have a lot of that anymore. I, I, I can't help but feel like the stars who knew they were there for their acting have never shown up to the Oscars naked. You know, honestly, like I'm nothing against Cher because she did a great job in Moonstruck. But if you have to call attention to yourself by taking off your clothes, I mean, truly to the point where you are near naked, something's wrong. I realize these women are, and were older, but you never saw Helen Mirin doing that.


You, you never saw Jame Dame Judy Dench do such a thing. They had dignity, they had class. Even Gwyneth Paltrow, when she won for Shakespeare in Love, she had the beautiful, You know, strapless ball gowns. She looked very pretty. I've never seen her go for the cheap trick like that. Now she sells vagina candles on her website. But that's, that's different. That's a different thing. The point is, simply when you're taking off your clothes to get attention, to get people talking about you, you've taken a sour turn. It's time to reevaluate, You know, your life's choices. Because today we should not be talking about Zoe Kravitz, who is extremely talented. Her ass crack. Right? We should be talking about her.


Anyway. Okay, guys, is back. Thank you both so much. My pleasure. Thank you, Megan. Oh, the pleasure was all mine. Okay, up next we have Andrew Klavan. He is Of course a very famous writer and many of his books have been turned into, and he's written Hollywood Screenplays. We'll get his take on it and we will take a deep dive on that Zelensky meeting. And you will hear things here you have not heard everywhere over this weekend.


These days, personal safety is not something that can be left to chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. That's why Burna is the choice for so many. Burna is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool, compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Burna uses non-lethal rounds, tear, gas, pepper, and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part, Byrna can be shipped direct to your door and it's legal in all 50 states. Byrna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. And look, sometimes a firearm is not the right choice for you. And Byrna provides a powerful alternative. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com, that's B yna.com/megan to receive a 10% discount and learn why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are trying out Bea's less lethal protection, Byrna, non-lethal self-defense. Always ready.


Be with me now. Andrew Klavan, host of The Andrew Klavan Show over on the Daily Wire, his latest book, the Kingdom of Kain, is out in May. Andrew, welcome back. So did you watch the Academy Awards last night? I I dipped into it again and again. I watched, actually got substantial, a little bit of it. Yeah. And, and what'd you think? I I, I, well, I thought it was actually important. I, I called it The Screw You America, Oscars, You know, it was like this kind of defiant final gasp of a, a dying art form, You know, saying that we're gonna make movies, You know, we're not here to entertain you. We're here to show you our virtue and how superior it is to your everyday Trumpian ideas of patriotism and marriage and, and love and, and prosperity.


And we're gonna show you how much more, how wi much wiser and higher in our virtue we are than you we're. We're making movies that nobody sees about issues no one cares about. And we're gonna celebrate those movies as if they were Casablanca and The Godfather and really great cinematic inventions of the past. And, You know, conservatives are always complaining about the left wing ideas of the movies and the way the actors get up on stage and, and curse at us. But that's not what bothers me. I mean, what bothers me is that their ideas are a dead end and they've hit that dead end. And that's why I thought it was actually an important cultural moment that this thing that used to be the Super Bowl of entertainment that everybody used to tune in on isn't watching at all.


Nobody was tweeting about it. Nobody was talking about it. Nobody had seen any of the movies and, and each one of them in its own way was a, a diss to the American people. It was just a slap in the face of the American people. You know, you had, You know, the transgender musical, You know, which is like having an anorexia musical, You know, it's like this kind of delusion that has become the latest sexual fetish of the, of the left. You had, You know, a, a film about brutalist architecture, this three and a half hours long that you almost forced you to stay home and watch Turner Classic movies, You know, ev everything they did, including Wicked, which was a popular film. There, there was a movie that was telling you, You know, oh, you love the 1939 Classic, the Wizard of Oz, but, and you thought it was about a girl coming of age and battling her inner good witch and bad wish so she could become the kind of woman who gives men intelligence and courage and heart.


You know? No, no, no. That's not what it's about. It's about racial prejudice because everything is about racial prejudice. And the winner a film, I actually saw a Nora, which it's, it's message, if you can say that its theme was about a girl who is a sex worker, as they say. Now she's basically a prostitute, right? But, but she yearns to marry a man who will cherish and protect her. That's actually the, the theme of the movie. But to get to that theme, you had to watch 40 minutes of, of pornography. It was degrading pornography. And, and like, You know, when I was a young writer and I'd hang out with writers and you'd say to somebody, this story is boring. Every young writer will say, well, it's supposed to be boring because life is boring. And you say, yeah, but that's not how art works. And in the same way, in the same way this guy was saying to you, well, it was supposed to be degrading pornography because that was conveying the, the message that this way of life is degrading, but I don't wanna watch it.


I don't wanna be degraded by the movies that I watch. And so, everything about it was this hostility of people who are Meghan, these people are incredibly talented. Every single person who is in that room, every single person who's nominated, every single person who gets on that stage has more of a gift from God than most pe than anyone could possibly deserve. They're all beautiful, they're all talented, they all know exactly what they're doing, but they're trapped inside this philosophy that is a dead end. And it's not about the politics. The politics are a symptom of the philosophy, which is this kind of empty materialist, You know, meaningless life philosophy that you can't make art out of, because it doesn't reflect the human condition, which is the subject of art.


And it's, to me, it's just sad to watch. You know, if you wanna just think back in time for a minute, think back to to 19 87, 19 87, the Reagan revolution has taken place. Reagan has saved the country. He's made us all rich. And part of that wealth is the stock market is booming, and it creates this culture of traitors who, as they put it in the movie Wall Street, You know, greed is good. Two, two works of art come out in 1987. One is by the left wing director, Oliver Stone, it's Wall Street, actually. Really good movie. And the other is a novel by the right wing, right leaning author Tom Wolfe, the Bonfire of the vanities. And both of these books kind of absolutely lacerate, this greed is good culture that is part of the Reagan revolution that has saved the country.


And so you step back and you say, well, why does both a right winger and a left winger expose this culture and satirize this culture that right wingers are supposed to have loved? We all look back fondly on Ronald Reagan. And the reason is life is really complicated. It's really complex. And so capitalism is this beautiful engine of wealth and creativity and competition, but it also reduces all of us to consumerists and to little scrooge. And it, You know, the Wordsworth had to line it, getting and spending. We waste our powers. And that is true of capitalism too. Life is complex. So complex artists on both the right and the left were capable of having free and open minds enough to create works of art out of the moment we were in that, that were also complicated and also made us look at ourselves in new ways.


That's complexity. Those are free thinkers. Now we have these people who must, they must believe certain things. If you go on the Oscar website and you search standards, it will tell you exactly how many excluded people you need to have in your movies. Exactly how many story narratives have to deal with excluded people. It's the DEI of art, it's death to art. It's death, death to free thinking. And they're all stuck in it. And they can't break free. If you say anything, even slightly out of the box, you're canceled, you're done. That's the death of art. So their ideas become these simplistic things. Men can become women, evil can be destroyed if we're only tolerant of one another. You know, just a, You know, sex free sex will make you liberated.


These are the ideas of children. These are adolescent children, ideas that turn artists into chaite. You know, so, so now a guy who loves the arts me is looking at this and I've been saying, I've been talking to you about this for at least six or 10 years. Our art scene has been dead. Our novels aren't that good. Our movies aren't that good. Some good things pop up on tv, but not that often. That's coming to an end. And that's what this Oscars was about. This was like the terminator's fist. This he sinks down into the fiery lava and is destroyed that we're showing their defiance because they know they're finished, they're apt. This is a, a finished community. It'll come back. The arts always come back because the arts of the expression of the spirit, and man and the spirit never dies.


But this, this idea was a dead end and now it's hit the wall. And so it's a very, it's really a sad moment for a art form that dominated the 20th century and spread American values and the values of freedom throughout the world. It's a sad end to that of these people talking to themselves. And as, as you were saying to my pal Christian toto, You know, exposing their bodies, instead of saying complex and interesting things. And, and it's a sad moment, but it's the beginning of something new. I do not think this can continue. I know for a fact these people are all broke, their studios are broke. They have no money to make films. They have no way of reaching the people who care about new things. And the, and the Trump era is not just about Trump.


He's just really, in some ways he's the cause of it, but in other ways, he's just the symbol of it. This is an a, a true vibe shift. This is not a vibe shift for today or Thursday or Friday. This is a vibe shift that's going to continue for, i, I believe, decades to come. This is a new idea that has come into the world, that maybe there's more to our traditions than we thought. Maybe there's more to liberty than we thought. Maybe there's more to having different opinions and discussing 'em with respect than we thought. And maybe there's more to mankind in the soul of man than we were allowed to think. I think this is a big change that's coming and these guys are gonna be left behind. But this new generation, the Gen Z people, they get it and they're gonna make, make great art in the future.


And I'm not depressed about it. I'm just waiting. I'm hoping I live long enough to see the change that's coming. I totally agree with that. I, I was thinking about it. 'cause Timothy Shaima was in the news. He played Bob Dylan and so was there and, and didn't win. But he, he was quoted recently as saying, I really wanna be one of the greats. You know, I, I would love to be remembered as one of the greats, like a Brando type. And you can't do that without great material. Like you could be the greatest ever. But if you're handed only like a bunch of absolutely meaningless drivel, it will never happen. So the great talent that's out there now should be hoping for this revolution. They should be hoping for the ashes to come such that it can then be rebuilt.


Because right now, I mean it was peak maybe five, four years ago, but we're, it's still terrible. And I think it's gonna remain, You know, pretty terrible for a while. 'cause there's such a lead time on these movies. You know, they should be looking at things like Maverick and seeing how well it did. Any movie involving faith, friendship, redemption, those do well stuff about trans operas. Not so much the winning thing about the sex worker. 15 million. No, they're, they're slowly gonna learn and they're gonna learn the hard way. Standby. We're gonna take a quick break more with Andrew right after this.


When it comes to grocery shopping and meal planning, it's often stressful and time consuming between busy schedules and personal demands. Finding the time to shop, plan meals, or cook healthy dishes from scratch is challenging. On top of that, maintaining special dietary needs and health goals can feel overwhelming. But now there's Hungryroot. The easiest way to eat healthy Hungryroot acts as a personal shopper and nutritionist combined. It handles everything from weekly grocery shopping to meal planning, offering personalized recommendations based on individual tastes, preferences, and health goals. From smoothies and snacks to full meals. All offerings are healthy with no artificial sweeteners or preservatives, only top quality ingredients are used, making healthy, eating easy and delicious. Take advantage of this exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box. Plus get a free item in every box for life Hungryroot dot com slash mk. Use the code mk Hungryroot dot com slash mk code mk to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life. Hungryroot dot com slash mk code mk


It had the feelings at, at times Dan of a, an ambush. It seemed as though, You know, Vladimir Putin's work was being done for him. And It was a planned ambush designed to embarrass President Zelensky in order to benefit Vladimir Putin. I think there's no question that this was a setup. This was a setup for the cameras to try to humiliate Zelensky. Welcome back to the Meghan Kelly show. There you heard media and democratic leaders continuing and repeatedly calling Friday's blow up at the White House, an ambush of Ukrainian President Olo Demir Zelensky by President Trump and Vice President Vance. We will be hearing about the fallout from this meeting for a very long time.


Okay? But the widely shared clips online, do not tell the whole story of what actually happened in that meeting. We were all together when this broke. Remember we had the gals from Red Ski on. We just got long clips. And now I've watched the whole thing. And maybe you have too. But I'll tell you, if you have watched the whole thing, you haven't seen the proper parts highlighted by the mainstream media, including zelensky antagonism and true open disrespect. And the Democrats apparent attempt to sabotage the meeting just prior to it, which they've been openly bragging about, but now that they just wanna blame it all on Trump are trying to say, has been totally misrepresented. No, we didn't, we didn't do anything.


You, Chris Murphy, you're a villain and you're a liar and we'll get into it. Most news programs you're gonna listen to have neither the time nor the desire to walk their audiences through the critical moments that that happened before the viral showdown. But we do. And we would like all of you to fully understand what took place in total. This thing lasted 49 minutes. President Trump started the meeting complimenting President Zelensky and the Ukrainian soldiers, Your soldiers have been unbelievably brave. We've given 'em great equipment, but they, somebody has to use the equipment. They've been unbelievably brave. This was supposed to be over very quickly. And here we are three years later.


So I give tremendous credit to your generals and your soldiers and yourself. I was very gracious of the President. He told Mr. Zelensky it was an honor to have him in the Oval Office. Trump's doing the right thing there. He's glad handing he's paying him compliments. He's showing him respect. Mr. Zelensky, in return thanked President Trump for the invitation and said he hoped the minerals deal would be the first step to real security guarantees. He then took out a series of photos to show President Trump. They pictured Ukrainian prisoners of war held in Russian captivity. It was Mr. Zelensky way of saying to President Trump, this is who you are dealing with.


President Trump looked at the photos, expressed sympathy, and said, that's why we need this war to end. Contrary to what critics will have you believe it was President Zelensky who publicly challenged President Trump in his face first several times. In fact, in front of the cameras. Mr. Trump repeatedly kept his cool. Mr. Zelensky openly disagreed with the president when talking about Europe's contributions to the war watch Because Europe really helped. President Trump said that they made less support. But yeah, our friends and they are very supportive partners.


They really gave a lot Mr. Spread. Really? They did. They gave a lot. But they gave much less. No, much less. No, no, no. You can see they had a little disagreement for the listening audience. They both leaned in on their point and Trump sort of jokingly, warmly in a friendly manner, kind of touched Zelensky arm. Like, oh, I kind of agree to disagree. It was good. It was a nice moment. They laughed it off and they kept going. A few minutes later, president Zelensky again publicly challenged Mr. Trump over his assertion that Russian president, Vladimir Putin never broke a deal with Ukraine during Trump's first term in office 25 times he broke cease fire.


But he, he never broke to me. He never broke to me. No, no. You were the president. You were the president during, never broke to me in 2016. You been the president, Mr. Mr. President. You've been the president. But he, for, he had, Of course not with you, but he had, during those period, he had conversations with our side and we had Normand default format, You know, the France, Germany, Ukrainian, Russia. And he broken 25 times. That's why we will never accept, just cease fired. It'll not work without security guarantees. Security guarantees. Maybe president is right about this document and other, but this document is not enough. President Zelensky spoke for several minutes on this topic, making his case for why he does not trust President Putin.


President Trump did not interrupt him once it happened. One more time before the big blow up. And let's, let's be honest. Every diplomat knows there is risk in doing this to another world leader. And in particular, if that leader is Donald Trump, he, he does not like to be con confronted in this manner. And that's completely acceptable and normal. Look at how Benjamin Netanyahu handled the time with Joe Biden. You don't think he wanted to punch Joe Biden in the face many times when he came to visit the White House over what he was saying. But he handled himself with charm, with respect, with dignity, and never openly antagonized the guy from whom he was asking so much.


Okay? So Zelensky went at it again, having already gotten away with this a couple of times, he decided to press his luck this time. He even went so far as to accuse President Trump of getting his information in the form of propaganda directly from President Putin. A lot of cities have been destroyed. A lot of cities that are not recognizable. There's not a building standing. No, no. And a lot of, a lot of things you Have to come, Mr. You have to come and to look. No, no, no. We have very good cities. Yes, a lot of things have been destroyed, but mostly cities alive. Ukraine is fighting and Ukraine lives. This is very important.


And maybe it's putting, sharing this information that he destroyed us. What's that? So he interrupts President Trump as he's speaking and then says he's wrong, only to then admit that Trump is right. There has been a lot of destruction, but there are cities that are still intact. Well, Trump didn't dispute that. It's like, what's he doing? He's poking the bear over and over. Why would you do that to somebody whose support you? You must have, you desperately need. Why was he in their antagonizing Trump? I mean, in particular, this would be antagonistic to any of us, but in particular to President Trump. And he knows that as do all world leaders.


It is what it is. Deal with it. But once again, president Trump let the comment slide. He was staying above it. He did not engage though he was being directly challenged publicly. President Trump even said at one point, quote, we haven't committed, but could conceivably end quote, commit US troops to Ukraine after a peace deal is reached. That was a huge moment and could have been a huge win for President Zelensky to take home because Trump has said exactly the opposite thus far. But he did not take the w aside from his vocal criticism and interruptions and challenges of President Trump before the open argument that we all saw Mr.


Zelensky, he's body language also caught the attention of many observers. When President Trump was talking about not wanting any more death on either side, Mr. Zelensky raised his eyebrows and sied, We have tremendous death taking place as we speak. And I don't want to have that, You know, think of the parents think of the par, whether they're in Russia or Ukraine. Think of the parents of all these people being killed needlessly. They came to Earth, should have never started this would've, if I were president, this would've never started. Mr. He also shook his head, shrugged side and rolled his eyes several more times while President Trump was making his points.


Watch. I don't think you're gonna need much security. I think once this deal gets done, it's over. Russia's not gonna want to go back and nobody's gonna want to go back shaking His head. We'll protect those Minerals. If, if they are us interest, would that be Ukrainian? We'll protect the agreement will protect him. Us the agreement. Yeah. We're signing an agreement. Greenside Rail. What If Russia tries to invade or, or there's Russian and Russian in Their spots? I just told you I don't think that's gonna happen. And if that were gonna happen, that wouldn't make a deal. If I thought that was gonna happen, I wouldn't make a deal. Okay. If, if you don't think there's been other world leaders in the oval with this president or our others who wanted to shake their heads, no. While our president was making a point, they didn't, they didn't agree at all who wanted to say they attacked us.


You don't think Netanyahu would've liked to have said that? Said that to Biden. They attacked us. They attacked us in the middle of his remarks. Yes, but there's a diplomatic way of handling this. And instead the left would just like to blame Donald Trump. They, they don't wanna acknowledge any of these minor and then cumulative serious provocations and and antagonistic behaviors. These were just the gestures that we saw when Zelensky was on camera. We didn't see the whole, You know, we didn't see anything that happened when he was off cam. There very well may have been more that Vice President Vance and other officials in that room witnessed. And when the big blowup happened, Mr.


Zelensky also addressed in that critical moment as the tension was building Vice President Vance using only his first name, saying, what kind of diplomacy JD are you speaking about? It was an informality that could be used in a warmer moment like JD and I had lunch and really made a lot of progress that wouldn't be totally out of line. But in a moment that is tense and in which you can feel there's an argumentative dynamic. You don't address the sitting American vice president as jd. It felt disrespectful to a lot of Americans and then came the moment seen round the world.


What kind of diplomacy jd, you are speaking about? What, what do you, what do you, what do you mean? I'm talking about the kind of diplomacy that's gonna end the destruction of your country. Yes. But if you are not Mr. Strong, Mr. Mr. President with respect, I think it's disrespectful for you to come into the Oval Office and try to litigate this in front of the American media. First of All, during the war, everybody has problems, even you. But you have nice ocean and don't feel now, but you will feel it in the future. God Bless you don't know that. God Bless, God Bless. You'll Not have the war gotta don't tell us what we're gonna feel. I'm not, you're in no position to dictate what we are gonna feel. You will, we're gonna feel very good. You'll Feel influenced. We are gonna feel very good and very strong.


I'm telling You'll feel influenced. You're right now not in a very good position. You think you're gambling with World War ii, what you're about. You're gambling with World War iii and what you're doing is very disre disrespectful to the country, this country. I'm with respect to you. Far more than a lot of people said, I'm wearing respect. They should have respect. Have you said thank you Once? A lot of times, no. In this today you said thank you even to today. You Went to Pennsylvania and campaign for the opposition in October. Offer some words of appreciation for, for the United States of America and the President who's trying to save your country. We are staying in our country, staying strong from the very beginning of the war. We've been alone and we are thankful.


I said, thanks. You haven't been alone in this Cabinet. Been in This cabinet. We gave you through the stupid president $350 billion you for your, you haven't military equipment. You and you men are brave, but they had to use our military. What about if you didn't have our military equipment you invited me to, if you didn't have our military equipment, this war would've been over in two weeks in three Days. I heard it from Putin in three days. This is something you Maybe less In two weeks. Of course, yes. It's gonna be a very hard thing to do. Business. That was with Obama who gave you sheets and I gave you Javelins. Yes, I gave you the Javelins to take out all those tanks. Obama gave you sheets. In fact, the statement is Obama gave sheets and Trump gave Javelins.


You gotta be more thankful because let me tell you, you don't have the cards with us. You have the cards, but without us, you don't have any cards. It's so interesting because Trump held his fire until Zelensky suggested that the United States was under threat and Trump was not going to let Americans sit at home and be told by the Ukrainian leader that we were next. And honestly, that's when big daddy got in there and he was like, oh no, now it's on. That's when Trump got mad. You could feel it. Zelensky said, there you, you don't feel it now, but you will feel it in the future. And Trump was like, you don't tell us that. You're in no position to be speaking to that.


None whatsoever. And then you have the nerve of Zelensky when Trump eventually starts interrupting him back going, you invited me here to speak. What? What? He sat there. He let you interrupt him repeatedly. Only when you suggested America is going to come under threat. Did Trump stand up and say, now I'm drawing the line. Now you're done. Now I am going to do the talking. So why would Mr. Zelensky travel all the way to Washington to go to the White House and try to publicly own the leader of the free world, right? That like why, why, why would he have handled it this way? Well, perhaps we need look no further than the Democratic senators with whom Mr.


Zelensky met before he went to the White House. And I mean within the hour. Take a listen to Arizona Senator Mark Kelly talk about what he told Zelensky within the hour of that meeting we just witnessed in the White House. Hey folks just met with President Zelensky a little while ago. Told him how I feel the American people are really behind him in this struggle. And Russia brutally invaded Ukraine and Putin is a war criminal, should be in prison. I also told him, I'm a little uncomfortable that this is now appears to be like sort of a business transaction. But at the same time, Zelensky needs to do what is in the best interest of his country and his people.


Okay, so that doesn't sound very positive about the deal, does it? I'm uncomfortable. It's been reduced to a business transaction. Just a little needling. I'm uncomfortable and we're all on your side. And Putin should be in jail and you should do what's in the best interest of the ra Ukrainian people. Democratic senator of Connecticut, Chris Murphy too posted on X. Now keep in mind he did this at 1115 on Friday morning before the meeting, before the meeting and before the blow up. He was so proud of himself. He posted on X Friday morning quote, just finished meeting with President Zelensky. He confirmed that the Ukrainian people will not support a fake peace agreement where Putin gets everything he wants and there are no security arrangements for Ukraine.


You see what he did? His post accompanied a picture of Zelensky at a conference table with, oh, who's that across from him, it's Senator Murphy who's right across from him. This was within one hour of Zelensky White House meeting. As I said, as I pointed out on X yesterday, it would appear that here's what happened. The Democrats bashed the two phase deal. Trump was arranging of one, a financial agreement, and then two, a ceasefire deal as quote, a fake peace agreement with quote, no security arrangements to Mr. Zelensky right before he went to the White House. It's fake. There's no security arrangements. It's a business deal. I'm uncomfortable with it.


I want assurances, I guess in Chris Murphy's case that that the people that you're not going to sign it. And then he went to the White House to sign what was clearly phase one. No, it wasn't the ultimate ceasefire, it wasn't the security arrangement deal. It was the first part of it, which was the minerals deal, which is the thing that Trump has been saying all along. We'll be in essence a form of US security. Because if we're investing hundreds of billions of dollars trying to extract these raw earth materials from Ukraine, his theory is that Vladimir Putin will not mess with Ukraine. He'll be messing with our interests. And then when it comes to boots on the ground, the Europeans are going to speak to that in phase two of this deal. But it was shot all over by Chris Murphy and others.


And then when President Trump and his vice president JD Vance called out his grandstanding and disrespects zelensky, all hell broke loose. And the Democrats now that it devolved to a fight, have reverted to their tried and true accusation that Trump is no more than Putin's puppet. That this whole thing was an ambush by Trump of Zelensky because he wants to do the bidding of Vladimir Putin. And here's one other thing. So Chris Murphy today is very upset. I bet he wishes he hadn't sent out that tweet. He didn't know it was gonna happen. And that he would later see it as a great way to trump for being a Putin puppet again who sabotaged poor Zelensky.


You see, the problem is he already had gone on record as saying what he said in that tweet we just put up. And now he's all over X trying to do one of these. Walking back. He, he claims he's now the victim of a MAGA smear. Over the last 24 hours, MAGA has been ceaselessly spreading the claim that Democrats from Susan Rice to Tony Blinken to me pushed Zellen Zelensky to reject the minerals deal, total lie made up out of thin air. Zero sources a short lesson in how these lies spread in MAGA world. Not entirely clear where it started, but the source looks like it might be from a totally random MAGA user who says she's just speculating that Blink and Rice Newland and Binman had a conference call with Zelensky, just a MAGA troll making up shit in their basement.


I don't know anything about that. I know what you tweeted though, sir. Anchor another source seems to be this New York Post columnist who wildly twist my post about zelensky well-known opposition to a bad ceasefire deal into a claim that Democrats advised him to reject the mineral deal. Totally false. Zero regard for tactics. You made clear though. So sir, you made clear that you got him to confirm to you that the Ukrainian people will not support a fake peace agreement where Putin gets everything he wants and there are no security arrangements for Ukraine. He's pretending in that post that what was supposed to happen this past Friday was not part of it.


It was very clearly phase one. It was the most the United States is willing to do. Zelensky went in there and what did he bitch about? Did he bitch about the minerals deal? No. He kept hammering Trump on security. I need security arrangements because Putin's gonna betray the deal just like he did all those other times. I have something to tell you to, to, that was not the day for that argument. We, we should have taken step one of the diplomatic arrangement, get the minerals deal in place. Step two, we can argue about security and the Europeans are gonna have to step it up. That's what's Trump's been saying all along from the start. But who primed him to go in there and try to queer the deal over step two, which we are not at yet.


It was you, Senator Murphy and your democratic friends. How do I know that? Not from some random Twitter account. I don't know what you're talking about. I didn't see that at all from you, sir. You put it out there before you knew that it was, was result in a story that would be be covered around the world and your dirty hands would be obvious for all of us to see. Back with me now, the daily wires s Andrew, Klavan, Andrew, your thoughts on it all? Well, first of all, that was an excellent analysis. I mean the, the old media has been, depending on the fact that pe most people are gonna watch the 10 minutes of fireworks at the end of the conversation in which you, you couldn't really tell who started it all. But it was absolutely clear if you watched all 40 minutes of it, that it was Zelinsky who was looking for a fight and he got one.


And what this was, I think is an error cascade. The Democrats think they still have the media firepower to convince America to spend its fortune in, in a war that never ends. And Zelinsky made the mistake of believing the Democrats, believing the Democrats. Were still going to be able to move the people to make Trump back down. And I don't think that's gonna happen. The two questions, the two questions that the old media never, ever asks themselves is what is Trump doing? And is it possible that he's right and everybody around him is wrong and the old experts are wrong? And I think Trump is doing something very, very specific. Trump, Trump is a guy who sees things in, in total, he's a, everybody says he's a gut politician, but he's really a gestalt politician.


He's a guy who can feel the room in a big way and he's not actually parsing things. And sometimes he doesn't always express himself clearly as to what he's doing. And maybe he doesn't always see entirely what he's doing. But the big thing in Trump's mind always, I believe is China. And they keep the, the intelligence services and the newspapers who serve them keep pushing Russia on us as our major threat. Russia is essentially zero threat to the United States of America. China is a huge threat to the United States of America. They've infiltrated every level of our society, Hollywood, the news media, the politicians, they are, and, and academia as well. They're stealing our goods, they're stealing our ideas. And they're building a military first to invade Taiwan, which would be a financial economic disaster for the United States.


And ultimately I think they want to challenge us and challenge our supremacy in the world. And that's what Trump is thinking about. So he's got a, a deal that's really actually kind of brilliant. He's separating Putin from China. They're supposed to be the good friends. And Putin's a smart guy. He understand he's a bad guy, but he's a smart guy. He understands that China's just going to eat him last. They're not making any real deals with him. Where the United States is not gonna eat him. We don't eat other countries. He can actually do well befriending the United States insofar as that's in his interest. And, and they don't, they don't understand then he's going to take this, this mineral deal with Zelensky, which is going to make up for the fact a little bit that Taiwan is our source of these rare minerals, right? And so if China actually blocks Taiwan, we won't have them.


So he's actually setting that up. Trump is actually setting that up in advance, which gives Zelensky the security guarantees that he needs because if we're in there, we are going to fight to defend the country. So all of that was actually, I I I think a brilliant long-term plan. We're not the country we were in 1945. In 1945, our enemies were in sha were shattered. And our allies were also, our competitors were actually blown out of the game by the, by the World War ii. We were the king, the dog, we were the king dog in that world. But now we're in debt. We've been riddled with socialist ideas that have weakened us. We've been riddled with Mi un unsuppressed migration that's weakened us. And Trump knows it.


And what Trump is trying to do is he's trying to pull back on our obligations, cut spending over here through Doge and also hopefully eventually through oth You know, through other means and, and get ourself back in a situation where we're no longer spending more servicing our debt than we are spending on our military. At that point, he can start to stand up to China. Right now he's kind of being nice to China 'cause he doesn't wanna start a start a fight. But ultimately his plan is to block China from taking over this country and taking away the American supremacy that has kept the peace low these many years. So Trump is actually way, way ahead, I think of people in the State Department and certainly people in the news media who are not just fools but also corrupt.


There may well have been a plan to blow this meeting up, but it was on Zelinsky side, not on Trump's Zelinsky thinks that Trump will back down and continue to support this war. I don't believe it. And if Trump does pull his support, Zelinsky iss gonna be gone in a couple of days. I love hearing care Starer the PM in Britain saying, You know, we're gonna form a coalition of the willing and we're gonna put boots on the ground. Boots are all they've got in England, they're, their entire military is the size of our marine force. They're not going anywhere. You know, they're not gonna do anything that's gonna help zelensky over the long term. America can help them help them if we have, You know, skin in the game, if we have that rare mineral deal. This, this was, this reminds me a little bit of Reve, Reagan and Rebek when he walked away from the meeting with Gorbachev and every, he said he's causing World War iii and in fact he was stopping World War II and winning the Cold War in that minute, I think I, I looked at this the minute this happened.


I cracked up, I actually laughed out loud because I, I could tell you word for word with the media was gonna say, and I'm willing to bet cash money that Trump's popularity rating goes up significantly in the wake of this. We are so tired of being everybody's daddy. We're so tired of paying for you to borrow the car. But when you break the car, we have to pay for that too. We're so tired of not being thanked for the peace we have kept in the world and and being dissed by Europe who just sits there doing nothing to help themselves. The other aspect of Trump's plan is to get Europe to start to pay for its own defense. All their wonderful welfare programs, their free healthcare and all that they're paid for by us because we pay for their defense. If they have to pay for the, their defense, that also makes us stronger because then we have an alliance that can stand up to China when they come.


None of this about Russia. It's about Russia. Russia is a spent force. It's a, a paper tiger. It's all about China. And Trump is doing exactly, I think the right thing in trying to make a deal and get out of it. And, and just one last thing is, any President Biden, who, whatever that woman's name was who ran for president, any president was going to give Putin some of what he wanted because Of course he's just more powerful than than Ukraine. It's what we're doing here is cutting losses. No one's walking away. That's right. A winner. Russia has lo suffered a lot too. They've had a lot of losses. Not saying that it's not a, a serious thing to have Ukraine having given given up part of its country, but this is a long, complicated relationship between these two.


And the United States has been meddling over in Ukraine for the better part of a decade. And what Trump is trying to do is just stop that and say, we're out. We're not doing that anymore. And we need to cut the losses. We're not gonna keep funding a war that's going nowhere. That's just, it's about a body count. Now we're, we're out. Like you need to be out. I hate to bring you this reality, but you're not going to get your, the parts of your country back that Putin took. And we're not going to have some, You know, amazing deal where you, you feel really satisfied. What we can do is help rebuild Ukraine by our economic investment. And the Europeans say that they will provide a security force to help deter Putin and Zelensky is not satisfied with it. Well that's the deal you have.


That's, that's what we're willing to offer. So a couple things on what you said. One, there was a poll, our pal Mark Halperin, he put out a poll with, hold on a second. I'm trying to find wic. Yeah, with WIC and where is that in my packet? And in any event, it showed serious support for the way Trump handled himself there. They believed that Trump comported himself well and they were not with Zelensky. I think it was 47 to 38 in Trump's favor, in, in the way people reacted to how that went down. And then secondly, so it's not just about Chris Murphy 'cause there were other Democrats in that meeting too, but he's just this, the S smarties one.


'cause there he was like, look at me. I told him like, this deal effing sucks. You know, you, I want an insurance that the Ukrainian people and you were not gonna support it. You know? And, and he calls it the peace deal. Okay? So he is not talking about the minerals deal. Well, it was all part of the same journey. It's, it's a package. So then he realizes, oh wow, there's a big fight in the oval and I can just blame that all on Trump and I'm gonna accuse him of an ambush. And that's even worse for Trump. That's better now I, but shit, I wish I hadn't sent out that tweet. Wish I hadn't sent that out. Oh no, this is a maga smear. And so what he does on Friday after the blowup is he goes to X he writes this, what just happened in the oval was a planned ambush, right? Planned ambush. He had no role in torquing up zelensky or getting him to a place where he knew he had to go in there and throw down, this is a bad deal, designated to help a brutal Russian dictator.


Okay? And then he goes on CNN's Sunday show, and now he's really worked himself up into a lather talking about Russia, Russia, Russia, Putin, Putin, Putin, Trump, same person sought 23. It is absolutely shameful what is happening right now. The White House has become an arm of the Kremlin and the entire pretext for that meeting yesterday was an attempt to rewrite history in order to sign a deal with Putin that hands Putin Ukraine. Donald Trump wants us to have our closest relationships with despots all around the world because that makes it easier for him to transition America into a kleptocratic oligarchy where Elon Musk and Donald Trump rule and steal from the American people, The, the balls.


I mean, honestly, the nerve of this guy. You know, it's, it's funny, every president blames the prior president for his troubles. But if ever Trump said something that was a hundred percent true is this war would not have started if he had been president. That is absolutely the case. You remember Joe Biden saying, You know, well a little incursion wouldn't be such a bad thing. And Of course his retreat from Afghanistan and chaos obviously encouraged Putin to do what he was going to do. Everything, You know, it's, it's, it's just amazing to me that everybody in the press, it's not, and it's not just the left wing press. Nobody, nobody ever gives Trump the benefit of the doubt, the simple benefit of the doubt.


You know, Barack Obama blamed George W. Bush for all his problems for eight years. It's, what is it? It's 38, 39 days since Trump became president and suddenly we're blaming him for a war that started on Biden's watch. It's absolutely ridiculous. And this other idea that somehow we're going to be friends, You know, they keep comparing it to Yalta, they keep comparing it. After World War ii, we divvied up the world and the Soviet Union got Eastern Europe and how unfair that all was. But you have to remember that we needed the Soviet Union as an ally to defeat the Nazis. And now it would be helpful if Russia were on our side instead of on China's side, because China is a serious, serious threat. And Russia is not, Russia is not gonna suddenly march on Washington.


China could do exactly that. I mean, they could exactly, really tie us up both financially, both economically and militarily. I mean, they're build, they're one of their shipyards can build as many ships as all of our shipyards put together. They are ramping up and we are on on the our back heels. You know, and this is just the truth. And Trump is thinking about that truth. And these guys aren't, and the Democrats, when on earth have the democrats ever been the, the supporters of America in these little wars that take place. It's, You know, we, we won in Vietnam, they lost Vietnam, we won in Iraq, they lost Iraq. You know, they keep giving up the things that we win. Trump was five minutes away from signing a deal that would've put this thing to bed with everybody like a good deal.


Everybody would've been a little bit dissatisfied. But he didn't start the war. He was just gonna end it. And Zelensky blew it up. Not Trump. Why would Trump? Well, and You know, the other, the other thing, Andrew, the, the reports are that Trump was actually in a great mood that day. He was excited to be signing this minerals deal with Zelensky. He really does believe this is the first step toward peace. And Trump has been the opposite of a warmonger his entire life. I, I believe Trump is 100% sincere in wanting this thing to end. And, and the the left says, oh, it's a surrender. And by surrender it's, it's cutting the losses. The thing is going nowhere. If it goes on, there's absolutely no reason to think Ukrainian. The Ukrainians will do any better than they've done unless we dump trillions on them.


Sure. I suppose we could dump trillions and, and turn this thing around for them. There's not a single American other than, You know, some lunatic on the far left that wants to do that. So that's not gonna happen. So it's cutting losses. So anyway, Trump reportedly was very happy on Friday when Zelensky was coming. He was looking forward to signing the deal and really thought he was gonna have a great, You know, PR weekend. He wasn't ambushing this guy. You wouldn't know that if you listened to the soundbite I played at the top. And then here's a little bit more from the left wing reaction over the past two days. Listen, It was like maybe when you were two years old and you got in trouble for putting your hand in the cookie jar, You know, it's like, oh, you didn't thank your parents enough for raising you or I think that this was staged.


Forgive us, president Zellen, she knows nothing for having inflicted this idiot animal Trump upon you and for permitting him and his little worthless idiot bitch Vance to ambush you. Boy, Trump must now lose power. That boy. Right? What was the cause of this? And it could be a combination of being a fat fucking slob. It could be that he's can't sleep at night because his beach, the whale body can't allow the circulation it needs to. But I think we should revisit the possibility of a syphilis diagnosis.


A little desperate maybe. So it's ous, You guys don't know that It's Trump's weight. Yeah. He's a fucker. And there's, I mean for some reason CNN thought we really wanted to hear from former Fox and Friends Anchor and Miss America, 1986, Gretchen Carlson with her belief that this was an ambush who gives a flying fig what she thinks about this. These guys do not have not figured out yet that we have the capability to expose them in real time. They have not figured it out. They think they can lie. Jake Tapper is writing a book about the coverup of Biden's mental state when Jake Tapper was one of the people who covered it up. He think, they think we can't see them, they don't understand that the news media, we do not have the reporting power that they have yet.


I mean, the New York Times has more reporting power than all of us put together, but we do have the power to expose them in real time. Why do you think they were investigating Elon Musk even before he became the Doge master? They were investigating him because by giving x, by giving people freedom to speak on X, he was opening up our power to expose them. We have exposed them. That's why Trump won the election. He would not have won the election if we didn't have that power. And they don't understand that we have the receipts and we can get them to the American people in real time. That that's why they're telling Zelinsky that don't worry, the American people are on our side. That's, that ain't true because we can tell the American people the truth almost as fast as they can lie.


And that is just a, a new thing that is an actual new development and they cannot accept it. They don't get it. That's why, You know, if you watch the Democrats, they're hilarious at this point. They're out in the streets, You know, protesting the death of fraud. You know, they're out. What do we want fraud, when do we want it? Now they're doing these 1960s demonstrations in on behalf of the CIA on behalf of fraud and expenditure and waste. You know, it's just amazing. They cannot understand yet that we can see them. And one of the funny things is, if you're in DC where I often am, you understand that they're surrounded by this media bubble and it takes a, an effort of imagination to understand that the rest of us have broken free.


The rest of the country has actually broken outta that bubble. We're not dependent on it. We can see the truth on X, we can find the truth on social media. They just don't get it. And I think actually that's the cause I think that that misunderstanding on the part of the left and the part of the Democrats that they have lost their media power is the cause of what happened with Zelensky. 'cause they told Zelinsky they could take care of him. They, they're gonna make Trump back down and Zelinsky believed him. And I think that error cascade is what made him go into the Oval Office. Yeah. And blow up that. That's right. If you can just get deal for him, critical facts in front of him, You know, just call him unfair. Just like get these pictures in front of him and, and contradict him on his statements about Europe. You know, like just needle him about how he's been misled by Russian propaganda.


That'll do it. These Democrats knew exactly exactly how that would go over. They primed the pump with this guy. They got assurances from him about how he was never gonna accept this deal in Toto. And then when he went in there and did exactly what he was advised by his Democrat buddies to do things blew up Q the Democrats running to the TV cameras on Sunday saying it was an ambush by Trump. He was the person who set somebody up in that room, not zelensky. They're so disgusting and dishonest. And by the way, that's why even if people didn't know all the back and forth, they knew they didn't like what they saw. Some 62% of those involved in that poll I mentioned between Halper and wic, 62% found Zelensky behavior offensive.


It ranged from slightly to very on the scale. And 78 per so percent say they do support a negotiated peace deal. That's a separate poll. That's, that's from Quinnipiac. And, and Marquette 70% support a peace deal. And only 41% of the American population believes that our support for Ukraine is too much. I mean, what I'm trying to say there is it used to be just 7%. Now it's 41% believe we've gone too far for Ukraine. My point is the support for this war is going like this. A support for a peace settlement is going like this. And by almost two thirds, the American Popula believes Mr. Zelensky was rude and offensive in that meeting.


So Trump is winning. All his positions are spot on. They line up with the mood of the American electorate, which is what he represents. And it this ambush, ambush, ambush is the new Russia, Russia, Russia. It will fail. I gotta take a quick break. Yeah, don't go away. Stand standby more with Andrew. Right after this,


more and more we are seeing people in their seventies looking amazing, right? And it's a reminder that now is the time to take better care of ourselves, of our health. And that includes working out and lifting weights. This is why I wanna tell you about Jacked Up Fitness. Jacked Up Fitness is the leading provider of premium all in one home gyms. Their Power Rack Pro unit is a top of the line functional trainer. That is everything you need to get a full body workout right in your own home. Their Power Rack Pro package even comes with a full set of their signature branded rubber weight plates and a fully adjustable incline decline bench. And if you are new to weight training, don't worry, they have full body video workouts that you can literally just press play on and follow along with. To get started order your own Power Rack pro@getjackedup.com, use the promo code MK at checkout that will save 10% on your entire purchase. No more excuses, it's time to take charge of your health. Go to get jacked up.com and get started on your fitness journey today.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer Details apply


Andrew, like a bad penny. Another Andrew's back, a bad Andrew. Andrew Cuomo. He just keeps resurfacing and this time he wants us to make him New York City mayor, even though he's a disgusting, terrible person who had a direct role in causing the deaths of some 8,000 New York nursing home patients. Thanks to his order that required the nursing homes to take covid positive patients without doing any testing. He, he took the sickest and put them right in the heart of the most vulnerable populations of New York and people did die.


And in my opinion, that is squarely on him. And then he undercounted the number of dead in New York nursing homes by at least half to cover up the numbers. Why? Because his political ambitions saw him in his own mind becoming the next president of the United States. And amazingly that scandal did not tank him, nor did the fact that he closed New York City schools for a year, New York schools for a year. Nor did the fact that he went soft on crime or ban, ban fracking did not doo him. What doomed him was the me too allegations that came up against him after all this really, it was just the straw that broke the camel's back when some 11 or 12 women went on the record saying he had felt them up or behaved inappropriately with them.


And Letitia James, the New York Ag, came in and said, it's real. He's got a serious problem. And then he tried to tell us, oh, it was because he is anal Italian. He's an Italian. And I, I'm here to tell you that my PopPop was a hundred percent Italian and my mom's 50% Italian and I'm 25% Italian. And being Italian does not make you feel people up inappropriately or behave inappropriately at work. I'm just gonna tell you right now, I know this. I mean, my PopPop never touched a woman inappropriately. Andrew, he was a great Italian and screw you for disparaging my people in this way and for thinking you can come back and we need you. Is this the best we can do for New York City, Andrew?


It's, it's an amazing thing. The people like Anthony Wiener ran for Mayor of New York. It's amazing the people who run for a city that is basically owned by the Democrats. It's kind of like what's happening in California where Gavin Newsom's polls remain high no matter what he does to that state. He drives it into the ground. And Gavin Newsom still is getting good polls. Andrew Cuomo was a terrible governor. He's a terrible human being. I hear from everybody I know who, who covers him. He, he not only did You know, as you say, take action, that resulted in the deaths of all those older people in their homes. He also said things during the pandemic that really should come back to haunt them.


And I hope they do. I mean stuff like when he said, oh, there's nothing, nothing worse than death. You know, we, if the alternative to closing everything down to masking everybody, to making people get car. I was in New York where, and you got had to get carded to get into a restaurant and prove you'd had same the vaccine. And you have to do that because the alternative death and what can be more than death. And I thought dishonor, You know, not being free. There are a lot of things that are worse than death. I mean, death is bad, but it's not the worst thing. And living in disgrace is another thing that's bad. He also said at one point, and this is if I were a democrat, this is a a I mean, if I were a Republican, this is a video I would run forever. When Trump said, make America great again, he made a speech in which he said America was never great.


It was never that great. You know what? Oh my God, we were terrible, we were racist, we're sexist, we're all these terrible things. It was never great. I would play that over and over again because people who feel that way, they're entitled to their opinion. But they should not be governing the country at any level. People who do not love this country should not be governing the country at any level. It's, it's, it's the thing that absolutely baffles me about Democrats. When you let people pour across the border, nobody seems to ask them, who benefits from this? What, what American benefits from people pouring across the government, the, the border like that. It's, it's like they do not care about the people who hire them, the people who are supposed to be their concern and in their care they do not care.


And Cuomo is just like that. The real problem New York has is that the Republicans have never bothered to build a, a structure that can take them on. So it's always like one guy, Lee Zel and some somebody kind of trying to break through without the support of the Republican party because Republicans, as we know, have a tendency to give up when the going gets tough. The minutes things look hard. Oh, we'll never win back California. We'll never win back New York. But in fact, the last time New York was in this kind of descending state, the the way it is now, You know, Rudy Giuliani took the city over and was one of the great mayor, probably the greatest mayor of the city ever had. And and that can happen again if the Republicans get their act together.


And if they find a candidate, as the old saying goes, you can't beat someone with no one. I think Andrew Cuomo was finished. I'm sorry he got me toed because he deserved, he deserved to be taken out for a million other reasons. He and Leticia James ha I did. I And that, that nursing home scandal, that's what had Janice Dean, You know, sew up in arms for years. And it's because her husband's parents were both killed in New York nursing rooms by COVI. And they went in two and a half weeks before this order. There's Sean Newman with his parents who I knew personally, and I know Janice and Sean very, very well. I mean, she's one of my closest friends. And he is the dearest, most wonderful guy you will ever meet in your life.


And he wrote a letter to his, to his fireman union and went off on this. I mean, I'm very proud of him. 'cause Sean, unlike his wife, Janice is shy. Like he's reserved. He's, he doesn't like, not like being out there publicly. He wants to fight fires and now he fights terrorism and that's what he wants to do. But he's so pissed about Andrew Cuomo, please remember this people, when you were looking at Andrew Cuomo as the only name You know, and now trying to reinvent himself as a moderate, which he's not. And here's Sean telling his union, I wanna express my opposition to Andrew Cuomo's candidacy or any attempt by him to return to public office. He calls him disgraced, says he's corrupt, dishonest, and uses well-known intimidation tactics to get his way.


He goes on to talk about what happened with his parents being go being sent into the nursing homes. And it was just terrible timing. And he said we were very angry about that order, sending the covid positive patients into the nursing homes. We were angry for the reasons that it was sent out, which was designed to be in the best interest of health care executives and officials, not an aging population with compromised immune systems. These decisions were based on politics and exacting control on the population. He points out we had the USS comfort that aircraft carrier and the Javit Center totally empty during the crisis. They could have sent Covid positive patients there. He didn't. The hospitals were packed, the nursing homes were packed. Andrew Cuomo sent them into the nursing homes with the elderly population.


No satisfactory answer was ever given. He writes why the comfort and the Javits lay in disuse during the worst pandemic in a hundred years. He had us all fooled in the beginning with his version of fireside chats, his daily pep talks watched by the whole country. He said, but this was not an opport, this was not him leading in crisis. It was to set up his next political leap, which was potentially as next president of the United States if his true colors were not revealed with the death toll still spiking. He thought the best use of his time and staff resources was self a grandman as he worked on a so-called leadership book during the pandemic and on the public dime. Just a reminder, as his polls right now show him leading because of name recognition.


But what we've also seen, Andrew, is that when people are reminded of his dastardly deeds, they come back down to earth and he is beatable. I'll give you the last word. Absolutely. And he has, he has no friends. Leticia James didn't take him down because of her love for F females, because she was protecting women. She took him down 'cause she hated his guts. They were like two scorpions in a bottle, the two of them. And basically that's the way everyone around him felt. And ultimately that comes back to bite you. You know, you cannot run with you if you don't have the support of your party. And Andrew Cuomo really does not have the support of anybody. I'm not, I'm not too worried about him except Democrats de in Democrat cities can take an awful lot of punishment before they wake up.


I know. I mean, in an era in which, You know, New York State moved more to the right, New York City, even moved a little bit more to the right with Trump, are they really going to take Andrew Cuomo and his fake reinvented, moderate shtick? Seriously, I urge you not to do so. We can do better than Andrew Cuomo. I'll say this, running for the Democratic primaries, this guy named Whitney Tilson. And this is somebody who Bill Ackman has endorsed. That's somebody that you could look at if you were a dem. But do not look at Andrew Cuomo. He is not the answer. He is the problem. Andrew, thank you. Always wonderful to see you. And tomorrow, our friends from the fifth Colum are here. We'll see you then.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.