
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


I am Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. In episode five of our special series, Megan Kelly investigates, we're tackling the disappearance of Baby Lisa Irwin.


One in two adults have high blood pressure. Many don't even know it. That's a ticking time bomb. But here's the good news. You have the power to take control naturally with one 20 Life. One 20 Life is a blend of great tasting superfruit juices that can actually help lower your blood pressure naturally. One 20 life is formulated with ingredients that have been shown to support healthy blood pressure levels. It's trusted by hundreds of health professionals and people have seen real measurable results. You can try it yourself risk-free with their two week trial. Just go to 1 21 2 0 life.com and use the code MK to save 15% and get free shipping. You can track your progress with a simple blood pressure monitor, watch your numbers drop and feel the difference. They're so sure that one 20 life can noticeably lower your blood pressure in two weeks, that they will give you your money back if you're not satisfied, so you have nothing to lose, but those high blood pressure numbers, go to one 20 life.com. That's 1 2 0 life.com. And remember to use the code MK to save 15% off your order. This is serious. This is your life. We're talking about one 20. Life can help take control of your life and your health today.


John Tanko, nicknamed Jersey, the handyman in the neighborhood with a long wrap sheet. The ex-boyfriend of Megan Wright, the woman whose phone was called by the Irwin's stolen phone the night their baby little Lisa went missing, and the guy who Tantalizingly told attorney Cindy Short, he just happened to find three cell phones and then tossed them somewhere around the time the baby went missing. You've heard his name again and again in this series. Everyone wants to hear from him and find out what he knows. Well, after 12 plus years, we found him.


If you're watching, that's him in the red sweatshirt on the bike. We tracked him back to New Jersey where he was arrested for shoplifting in 2022. Now that we know where he is, it's time to figure out the best way to get him to talk. Here's part of my strategy session with our go-to experts, bill Stanton and Phil Houston. So unbelievably we found Jersey After all this time. Nobody could find him. Cindy Short found him, but the cops apparently didn't know where he was for some time. Jim Spelman, who's been doing yeoman's work on this case, couldn't find him. We found him and now we gotta decide what to do with him. So gotta figure out what the approach should be.


I'm perfectly happy to just go knock on his door and see what happens. Well, if you go knocking on his door, it's very easy just to not even answer or just slam it on your face. What I'm thinking about doing is luring him out and then you come between him and the door, which may give you that precious one line, that question that will hook him, and then he will wanna stay outside. And then when he comes out, he doesn't even have to know where together. I got your back and then you confront him. I just wanna say the, the way I would normally do this is I would go, I would ring the doorbell and I would say, are you John?


Hi, I'm Megan Kelly and I'm trying to investigate what happened to this poor missing baby. You know, a lot of allegations have been made about you. Will you talk to me? We, I'd love to give you the chance to answer some of the things that have been said about you. It's all in the approach. You see, the way I'm proposing it, you get two bites of the apple, Megan, if we want the outcome that we can actually get him to open up even a little bit. You and Bill need to stay together and, and with you ringing the doorbell, bill's standing slightly behind you. If he's outside, then you approach him. Megan, you would approach him first. Bill would stay, would stay back. Bill needs to keep you within near arms reach distance.


If we want to get information from him, we need his resistance at the lowest level possible. And I believe, bill, you need to give her the highest level of safety and security possible. So how can you just, can you describe that, Phil? So how, how would that look in your scenario? Well, I loved your introduction. Hi, I'm Megan Kelly. I'd love to have a chat with you. And here's the reason I'd love to have a chat with you. We have been working on the disappearance of Lisa for over 10 years now, and as a result of that, we know a whole lot more than we ever we've ever known to include the players that are involved.


And that's why we're talking to you today. We want to get your side, I would not mention investigate or investigation. I wouldn't mention case, anything that has consequences associated with it. You just want to have a talk in a conversation. We call it a transition statement in the interrogation world because what it does is, is it signals to that individual that everything that they have done to try and pull this off to be successful has failed. And that's when you would get in with the first question. What was your role in the disappearance?


A presumptive question. A question you wanna make sure if you can get in on camera is the question about the telephones. Is there any reason your fingerprints are on those telephones that went missing that night? So, you know, this is a tried and true technique of Phil's. We've actually seen no evidence that Tanko fingerprints are on any cell phones. You keep talking, John, you're a smart guy. You know that at some point this was going to come to this, you can help resolve this whole matter that has caused pain and and anguish to the parents and to their family.


You know, we're not here to, to argue with you or call you names or anything. And what you're doing is you are, you are limiting or minimizing the amount of questions because every time he answers of a lie, your job gets twice as hard to get that admission. But if you could, right off the bat, can get him to listen to you, you've got a shot. We could talk all about the questions, but the first phase is getting him to stay the further away, getting him outside that front door gives her more time, time, time and distance give Megan options.


Because unless we get that engagement, all of this is for Naugh. I understand, bill, but I think you, you may have a chance to get him to open up a little bit. So Phil, psychologically, at that moment, what are you trying to do? Build him up into thinking like that you actually believe he could be helpful. That he's not an adversary or a target, but that we're all in on this together. Yeah. Without, without trying to buddy up or cozy up to him. You don't want 'em to make a denial. Once they deny that really makes your job difficult. And so when you see them start to make a denial, what the, what the what you wanna do is say their name with, with the people, realize it or not.


One good way to keep up to interrupt a person, stop them from talking is to say their name. It just instinctively people shut up when they hear their name. It's a three step process. You say, John, hang on. It's a control phrase. John, hang on for a minute. Okay? And then, and then I want to hear your side of it. And you've got your hand up is the third. So John, the control phrase and the hand up, and it's not, it's not in your face. It's, it's almost like a defensive gesture. And Okay, we're trying to to stop a denial because yes, Yes. Stop the denials at all costs no matter what happens throughout the, the whole thing.


Just keep saying, John, let's talk about the truth. It's not easy. It, I mean, it it, I mean, if it, if it were easy, you know, we'd all, we'd have a, a ton more confessions than we have. But, but people do break and they break at moments for reasons we don't understand sometimes. Th this could be it, this could be the good. See, I But for the, for the sake, for the sake of just being, taking the opposite t I'm gonna be contrary on that. I think the last thing he's gonna wanna see is you, Megan, and I'm hoping he's gonna get loud and in his loud, he may say something stupid. If we can get one 10th of what Phil's putting forth that's TV gold, because this man has never given an interview.


No. So 30 seconds, two minutes, 10 minutes, an hour, you know, no one has ever been able to do this. I just don't see him changing now as we pull up to his home in the cul-de-sac. No, I I I you're I'm gonna do something. I've Never, I'm happily wrong. Listen, I'm happily wrong. You're you're absolutely wrong. We do this all the time. I will leave my shoe on Megan's camera. I hope that happens. Be happily wrong. And you're on, I I am not Anticipating, I'm not anticipating a full confession by any stretch.


But if, if you got, for example, an acknowledgement that he had those phones and he did something with him and so forth, that's tantamount to a confession. No, I get it. It, but it's all about the engagement. Does he take the hook or not Bill? That's, it's, it's the opening 10 seconds. If, if Megan doesn't hook him in five to 10 seconds, then there's nothing. Bill, I, I've talked to terrorists who are far, far more con, you know, conditioned not to, not to give up information. And they talk, they talk if you approach them in the right manner, I Feel like we're formulating a plan where I, I kind of like, I like what Phil is saying.


Like, will we show up? We just, we're kind of open about it. We don't pop out with cameras. It's clearly you and me. Bill walking to the door, you're close, but I'm like in the lead. And we asked to speak with him following, you know, loosely Phil's script. Yes. Now what about Phil? Right at the top, when I start, I ask my first question and, and he gives me the line that my lawyer told me not to talk about this. I'm not talking about this. Okay. You could say, John, look, this is not about lawyers. We're not here to bring harm to anybody, including yourself. We just want the truth. And you have a very critical piece, you know, of information and, and, and, and, you know, that will help this get resolved.


So if he's talking in any, in any way in, in a confrontational way, in a confessional way, in a, you know, friendly way, I'm gonna be wrestling with saying, would you mind if I bring my cameras in and we can have the same conversation? Because I think that will, that will shut it down. Now I'd much rather have his agreement to doing it on camera. I understand why we have to do it with the undercover camera. And I think that's a good idea. But it'd be so much nicer if we could just have his agreement to do it like this. That's your call. You'll know. You'll know. Yeah. Okay. And listen, we got the hidden camera, so we got multiple options.


Well, I mean, I think, and I mean he's gone 12 years without getting caught on camera at all. It's amazing how he's managed to dodge. So I have zero expectation he's gonna say Yes, I'll sit down in front of your camera. Yeah, but it's, there'll be a, there'll be a point if he's talking to me where I'm going to at least try. Yeah. That's what I, that's how I would've done it if I were in your shoes. Okay. This scripting, this is what I and my colleagues have done for years and years and years. And it just works. It works when often when nothing else does work. Wow. Well, if we managed to emerge with actually any sort of meaningful comment, nevermind confession, but meaningful comment from him on this.


I mean, that'll be huge. Like I say, nobody's even seen the guy. You, you have gotten what nobody else did, you know, nobody else has. Well, and honestly, just in all fairness, you, we wanna go to him and give him the chance to confront these allegations that have been made. His name keeps coming up. We actually do wanna hear what he has to say about all of this. This is his chance. Alright, let's get moving. All right. We gotta go work. Work got down. And so on March 7th, 2024, I got rigged up with hidden cameras. I wore a shirt with a camera in one of the buttons and another hidden camera in a glasses case sticking out of my shirt pocket. New Jersey is a one party consent state.


So we can record our conversation without obtaining Tango's permission in case he declines a traditional on camera interview. The crew stayed in a van nearby and Bill Stanton and I walked down his street. This is his house right here. The garage is open, he's in the backyard. So face me. Don't, don't turn around, face me. And he's just spotted us. Okay. His chicken's back there like trying to, he's doing his chores. So he's not coming out. No, he's not coming out. So if we want, I'll just fucking call him over. Yeah. I mean I think that's probably what you know 'cause he's now he's seen us Right?


And he is not coming out. I'm just gonna ask him if I go buy those chickens, you'd be amazed. Look at You want me to do that? No, I You don't want call him? No. 'cause we don't want to use subterfuge. Right? Like, I don't wanna put him on the defensive right away for like per Phil. I think we wanna say like, I think I wanna go over there and say, hey, Let's go to the fence and let's do it. Okay. We're committed. Okay. You want us do initial talk or you want me to? I do, I will. Alright, John. Hi.


How you doing? I'm Megan Kelly. How's it going? I'm Good. Nice to see ya. What's going on here? Chickens? Yeah. Lobsters Awesome. Yeah, we want two horses, Two horses, four Dogs. You got like a whole farm going on back here. Yeah. Thanks for talking to us. I, I've been working for 10 years on the Baby Lisa case. I A lot of people have. Yeah. And it's been tireless for us. I mean, we're obsessed.


We always Camping right now. I can either, I know, you know, we, we know a lot now we have come to an understanding of some basics what happened and who was involved. And we are really hoping that you can help us, that you can help us fill out some of the, some of the story. We think it's really important to get your input. And I was wondering if you would talk to me. I'd rather not. 'cause my lawyer told me not to talk to anybody that it's a, it, it could be a, a death penalty case and I don't want have to sit in prison for five years, you know, To go to trial for, you know, the thing is nothing to do with, the thing is, it's like Deborah and Jeremy have been, you know, Tortured.


Imagine, imagine. And so all we're trying to do is like, sketch out the story and wondering if you can tell us what your involvement was in the disappearance of Baby Lisa. I don't have any involvement. That's what I'm saying. None whatsoever. Yeah. I mean the FBI vacuumed out the house. If my DNA you have a million skin cells, you go like that, they're gonna bag it up and they're gonna, they're gonna DNA it to me, you know, and I'd be charged no doubt about it. So what do you mean They, their, their story is, well, Deborah's story is that some, this random person came in the house, they kidnapped me, right?


Yeah. So now the FBI's involved, they vacuum back the whole house. And if my DNA was in there, like from dead skin cells, I, I'd be charged. It wasn't in the house. Did the cops talk to you? Yeah, they told me this. Did they ever take DNA? Yeah, they did. Yeah. Oh, What did they like a saliva? They did? Yeah. Did they tell you that you were cleared? Said didn't have to, but I didn it anyway. Okay. And did they tell you you were cleared and you were good to go? No, they didn't say. They still say it's an open case. Okay. Well what we're trying to do is help them because the way I see it is we're trying to provide them with closure.


You can help us do that and with some comfort, you know, and just figuring out what the story is. This this big shot lawyer here. Hey You? No, he is not a lawyer. He's my friend. This is Bill. Oh, okay. Yeah. No, in another life. He's a lawyer. See they, they, they do these, these stories and people just trash my name. They totally trash my name. Yeah. You know what I mean? I, I was involved with a lot of illegal activity about that. Sure. I mean a lot of people get mixed up in drugs and Right. I understand that. What do you think should happen to the guy? Huh? What do you think should happen to the person if they had this? I don't know what happened. So, I mean, if it's a kid, me or God forget a homicide mother, the phone carry stick needle on, on.


Do you think that the person who took the baby, did it spur the moment or that it was planned? I have no clue. No sir. Do you, do you worked in the, in the neighborhood that night, right? Like Not that night, but yeah, I was in working in the neighborhood General. So why would somebody have said they saw you outside of the Irwin's house that night? People lie a lot. And do you, you didn't know the Irwins at all? Deborah and Jeremy? I Think I, I'm not positive, but I think I met Deborah at, at a bar one time. The local Park. Okay.


Okay. It Used to be called ba. And how, and I know you know Megan Wright. Yeah. We've talked to her. Yeah. And think you guys used to date, but did she have any involvement in this whole thing? I I, I would doubt it. Like, again, I don't know, but if the police are being honest about her getting a phone call from one of the s phones, then somebody connects, she's connected. That, that just kind of makes sense. Now did you have those phones? No. Because we, we understand that you told a lawyer, Cindy Short, that you found those phones.


I'm, I'm seeing her. Whatever she wanted to hear. I didn't tell her I found those phones. I said I found phones that night, but I didn't find them No nothing. Oh, why? Just because she's asked me a million question and I didn't want to, I just make her happy, whatever. What do you, what do you think happened to those phones? Do you think the same person who has the baby has the phones? I don't even know if the phones are missing. I, I don't know if that's fact fixed. I have no clue. What did you hear about that? Anything? What did you, do you ever hear anything about the phones and where they went or whether it was connected to the baby? No. No. Nothing? No. Why do you think? 'cause you knew the neighborhood a little bit, that's certainly better than we do.


Why would somebody take a baby? You know what the FBI asked you the same question. I'm like, only thing I can come up with is to sell it to maybe somebody that they can't have kids. You know? I mean, it sounds crazy, but I think at all of us, that's the best case scenario that could've been happen if a kid is 11 now 13 or school, you know, has a rich family. You know, something like that. I mean, that's the best case Scenario. Yeah. Well, what do you think, I mean, I know that there were, there were a lot of people in the area who were on drugs, meth and so on, and we heard a little bit of that from Megan.


Is there any chance somebody got messed up on drugs and did something to the baby? I, I, again, people, I don't know people I, I don't see it happen. I, I but it but not anything's possible. What do you think happened? I, you know what I was thinking parents have something to do with it. 'cause they hired all these, these lawyers, high price, death penalty lawyers. And what was the other thing that know the story just don't sound right.


She got drunk and fell asleep. Woke up and the baby's locked. Does that sound right? Well, why would anybody say that they saw you outside of the Irwin's house that night? I don't Know. I don't know. But I wasn't. You've never been in that house? Never. Never once. Never Once. So if your fingerprints are on those phones, what does that tell us? What you tell them? Yeah. Like why would your fingerprints be on those phones? I don't know why. I don't know. I'm, I'm just trying to figure it out. Okay. Well you're not, you're telling me this is fact that Myrick on the phone, but I don't believe it because I, I don't, I don't believe I ever possessed a phone.


Okay. And you heard that story, you mentioned that the one of the phones called Megan Wright that night. Yeah. You believe that? I don't know it. Police are on to lie just because they want to have a direction to go in and use, use something as a, as a way of, you know, getting the information that they want. Yeah. Did she, one of the theories that she really wanted a family, she wanted a kid. Yeah. It's totally not True. That's not true. She never said that to you? No. Why'd you guys break up? What That, why did you two break up?


Because I was absconded on parole and I had a job and go do at the Watson's house. And she Was that the one down the block? Yeah, she called the police, told her I was gonna be working here. She called the police and told them you were gonna be at the Watson's that night. Why? Yeah, that night. Oh, the night, the night that we broke up. She knocked you out? Yeah. Oh. We broke up and I never talked to her again after that. Maybe, I don't know, four or five months might have went by from when the baby went missing? No, no till we broke up, till the baby went, never ever talked to her Again. You didn't, you didn't go to her house?


I pulled up on the front lawn and the stolen ran one time, but I didn't talk to her. Okay. Did you ever set anything on fire of hers or around her? You know, other investigator asked me that too. Said the car was on fire. That wasn't you. So you got, you got questioned by the cops and the FBI? Yeah. Separate? Yeah. Two separate. Yeah. And they took your DNA? Yeah. And then how did it resolve, What did they say to you when it was all over? They did. Was it just two sit downs? One with the cop, one with the FBI? No, it was FBI in, in a homicide.


He, he interrogation rule and checked those text came and see me actually to visit me in jail. That was that scary? Yeah, it was very scary. Oh my God. And generally You're thinking they're looking at you for a possible kidnapping? I'm thinking that they're exploring more cameras. And was it just that one time? Yeah. How, for a few hours or how long? A few hours, maybe a little over an hour. Okay. Maybe two. Okay.


What happened is not too long, maybe Howard, Was it right after the baby went missing? No, 'cause I was still on the run. Okay. So I have, I a couple other questions. I'm sorry to take up so much of your time, but do you know who Dane Greathouse is? D Yeah, I, I, I believe I met him a couple times. Maybe we got high together. I I already made up a rap, some lyric to that said, I'll make you disappear and Baby Lisa. So I don't know. That was kind of weird. Is there, is there any reason that you would've called Grain Dane Greathouse on the night the baby went missing?


No. No. No reason. Like I said, I've only met him once or twice and we, we weren't really friends and we was just, you know, I had happened to have some, or he happened to have something and that was it. Okay. Like we exchanged numbers or talked after that or anything. How about Cody? Nu That name sounds familiar, but I can't put a, a face to it. Boris Dubinski, do you know him? I, I can't put a face to her. Okay. And I don't recognize the name. And I'm also wondering now is there, is there any way you've been very generous with your time.


Can we do this with like, can I bring a camera person over here and we can do this properly? Absolutely Not. Okay. Because I love to get your side and I Hate, I hate being a what do you, what are they refer to me as a link to this case. I don't want him no involvement. I'm not involved know. And it it, when you do a show it your viewers, we actually giving the viewers an option. This, this person doing this person do it, this person do it. This person. You said, I don't want be near person. I don't want some people who think I I might did that. You had bother me.


That's not me. Yeah. John, if I can ask, you Seem like a straight up guy. First time the, I really appreciate You open, wanted Megan To have a conversation with you. With to No, no. Like I said, I really don't want to be part of this. If there's she some information I can give you that you can, you know, just run with it. Maybe find out what happened. But that's great. I don't want be on tv. I don't want to do all that. Yep. You gotta respect that. Yeah. You have to. Do you think taking her was planned? Or do you think it was a spur of the moment thing?


I have no clue. What's your guess? I don't have a guess at it. Like, 'cause you knew a lot of the players in the neighborhood, you know, like, to me it seems too sophisticated to have a baby be sold. You know, as a, like who would be to just steal a baby on this, spur the moment and then sell it? Boy you don't know it. Spare of the moment. Maybe Bush, but who knows? I don't know. So I, I had got a sip ball, you know, I, he will tell you, well How can Deborah, how can Deborah have gotten rid of the baby's body without it being detected? You know? That's one of the things that keeps stumping me.


I don't understand Like if Deborah killed the baby inadvertently or on purpose. I don't, I don't think most people think if she killed the baby, it was on purpose. Maybe she dropped the baby, maybe whatever. Yeah, if she did that she got rid of the body in a way that she fooled even the cops. Yeah. So how could that have happened? Like you knew the neighborhood, how Could it happen with anybody? Like what was the backyard like? Do you know what, describe the area a little bit. Where? Around the Irwin's house? I don't know. I'd never been there. But you were, I mean, a neighborhood handyman, right? Well, only, only for Watson.


Okay. He was older. He, his hands wouldn't work anymore 'cause he had arthritis. So I worked, he needed me to do something. They gave me a cloth That night. Did you work at the Watson's the night the baby went missing? No. You didn't turn on the sprinkler or off the sprinkler? That there was days before. I believe he said once the grass started growing, I didn't have to do it. Oh. He said once you start where you gotta keep going. So if, why would a neighbor say they saw you in the area? I don't know. That's the third time he asked me. Okay. Sorry, I'm, I'm losing my own. I don't know. People lie. I don't know. Yeah, right now I'm in the area.


I'm now at first decided it was on her house. You say, well, I'm asking you beyond, because you know, there are the, there's the one set of neighbors that say they saw somebody who matches your description. They didn't say you with a baby that, that night like around midnight. Do you remember that? I heard that there was a witness that oh, seen somebody carrying, but I didn't, I didn't get all that about fits my description type thing. Understand, see, this is, this is, you know, it's just weird because it's like, it's like I said, it's gonna put in people's minds that I could have possibly had something do.


I don't, I don't want that. Well I don't deserve that. You Know, that's, I mean, and that's not us. You know, there are witnesses in the case saying, you know, look at hi, look at this guy as you know. And that's, and we have to look into that. And we're very open-minded to all the possibilities. I mean, I've said before, when I first went out there, when I arrived on scene in Kansas City, I thought a hundred percent it was Deborah. A hundred percent. That's what I thought your eye over the years, you know, I've considered everybody. I consider you. I, I don't know, I don't know what the answer is to this moment. I don't know. But I definitely wanted to talk to you to get your, you, you're a lot closer to it than I am. So you got better answers than I do.


Where, where, what were you doing that night? Involved with a lot of activity. You know, if I, if I was to, I tell you, then you'd go there and I be that person that's, that that sends you, so you are looking pretty healthy now. Organic Eggs. Oh yeah. Yeah. That's pretty good setup. Yeah. So, okay, so you were not in the neighborhood that night and No. Okay. So nobody, if anybody saw somebody looking like you, it wasn't you. Right. Is there any anyone you think we should talk to? Or, or what can we do to help advance this? Any thoughts? I have no clue.


Honestly. I have no clue. Can you, can we talk for just one more minute about Cindy Short and that visit, she paid you in the jail, Cindy Short? Well, the lawyer. Oh, Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. Because she definitely told us that you told her you found those three phones and I told you I told her that, but I wasn't, I wasn't being honest. I don't even know why I said maybe I was still spun out. I don't know. I don't know why I said that. She said she thought at one point you were like wrestling with maybe a confession. She didn't say that you confessed anything. That's not true. That's not true. I told him to tell her I have nothing do it.


Just like I'm telling you, I nothing, I dunno, anything really Does this case, I did you pay attention to it? Like when it hits the news, what does it, what does it bring up for you? But You know, what I do is a story about that always missing baby. And we went through all this thing things an hour long and then I'm, I'm at the end, you know, the very last person they speak about, you know. So it kind of made me feel like that the program was designed by somebody to make it appear that the story ends here with this guy.


You See what I mean? Yep. That's, that's what it, and that bothered you. Great. It still bothers me to this Day. How do you, do you feel like it affects you with your neighbors and your life? I, I haven't talked to, talked to about, to nobody. You know, I mean, if you google my name, they, they, you find out, you Know? Yeah. That sucks too. That totally sucks. Let me ask you this. How, how do you want, like, what do you want my viewers, my audience to know about you and this case and the things that are being said about you? I don't have any involvement whatsoever. Zero. Never touched that baby. No. Ne never saw that baby? No, Never saw it.


Okay. No. Well, thank you for talking to us. Okay. I appreciate it If you could tell I'm be honest with you. I really am because oh, honesty's the best policy. Look, I know you don't, I know you don't talk A lot, so I appreciate you letting me come on here and ask these questions. This Home shit fucks me out. I'm sure fucks me out. I'm sure Not, not that I'm feeling guilty about anything, but just the fact that, that I feel I'm being put involved with in something that I'm not involved with. Okay. All the best to you. Thank you. Say well, I Hope you guys don't kick too much shit on me. We'll, we're gonna tell a story and we're gonna tell, I'm gonna tell 'em what you told me.


They'll hear from you. Okay. Okay. Thank you. All right. You Have a good day. Oh, that was interesting. Wow. Now I gotta eat my fucking Chew. Oh my God. Start with the tongue. Bill Stanton. That's what I recommend. Start there. Oh, he's got it. Delicious. Okay. It's so good to have you guys here in this setting. I'm so, I've been looking forward to this from the moment we walked off property there, bill. And I am, just so the audience knows, I have not spoken with Phil or Bill at all about this since it, since the day off.


I haven't spoken to Phil at all. So I have no idea what he thought of the whole exchange. And yet we spent so much time preparing for it. So this is exciting, Phil. We, we walked outta there, we got into the van and really could not believe it. Like, I think you and I were both like, Oh my God. Oh my God. Oh my God. You know. And then I asked him if he would sit down with our cameras. He said, no, but talk about your impressions, bill. There was so much going on in my head for your safety and our safety. And then when he started talking and he was so relaxed. So this man, what I felt he was doing was trying to sell us. And you weren't having any of it. Mm.


I couldn't believe how, how much he talked. I really thought at any second we're gonna get kicked outta here. The fact that we were there that long is phenomenal. To me, that was my least likely scenario to happen. And then Phil, you're the human lie detector. What did you think, Megan? I thought that your interview with him was great. It elicited a lot of deceptive behavior. The overarching mistakes that he made primarily were his failure to deny definitively. I'm thrilled to hear you say deception detected because that's what I thought.


I walked out of there and I was like, I've got more doubts about this guy than ever. But our whole team did not feel that way. And I just thought there were my own baby fill lie detector abilities. Right? Just 'cause I've followed you for so long, were going off like crazy. I thought there were many indication, indications of deception. He had too many explanations. And I remember asking you about Megan Wright, what would a truth teller sound like? And you said, I can't tell you that exactly, but there would've been a whole lot more. I didn't do it. You know, I didn't do it. So let's, let's play the first exchange that we had with Jersey where he brings up the death penalty, which w you know, bill and I were both like, whoa, what?


Huh? Let's watch that. I was wondering if you would talk to me. I'd rather not. 'cause my lawyer told me not to talk to anybody. That's, it's a, it, it could be a, a death penalty case and I don't want have to sit in prison for five years. You know, we go to trial. You know, the thing Is to Do, you ask him a very difficult question, but in a very low key manner. And one of the reasons that he talked to you so much, I believe, is that you didn't give him a reason to dislike you. And he let his guard down some. And in doing so, he gave some lengthy lengthier responses than, than he needed to. And that's where the deceptive behavior began to come to fold in, in that, in this particular case, he, you know, he said, I don't have any involvement.


And he used it present tense. I I don't have any involvement. That was his, his messaging all throughout all of this. But in reality, the truthful person is gonna focus on the crime itself and say, I didn't have any involvement in what happened that night. And it's the equivalent of saying, you know, that where the truthful person says, I didn't do it, versus the deceptive person says I wouldn't do it. He's trying to to impress the, the latter message on you. And, but it's clearly, clearly deceptive when also when he said, that's what I'm saying, I didn't have any involvement or I don't have any involvement.


That's what I'm saying. That doesn't mean that's what, that isn't what it is, so to speak. In other words, he's not saying I I wasn't involved, this is just what I'm saying at this particular point. So that one was a real key right off the bat that there's, there's probably more lies to follow. Well, we did accurately predict that his first instinct would to be, would be to say the lawyers aren't gonna let me talk. You know, didn't foresee the death penalty line. But he did try that. And thankfully, thanks to your guidance, Phil, we shut it down, got him off of that sticky place. And then I launched with the first Phil Houston question and Wondering if you can tell us what your involvement was in the disappearance of Baby Lisa.


I don't have any, that's what I'm saying. None whatsoever. Yeah. The FBI vacuum out the house. If my DNA you have a million skin cells go like that, they're gonna bag it off and they're going to, they're gonna DNA it a mix, you know, and I'd be charged no doubt about it In there, the deceptive behavior that really stood out was his immediate aggression against the FBI and the truthful person wouldn't be thinking, answering truthfully is gonna land me in prison for five years. You, you know, or just because this is a death penalty case. Oh, okay, I got it.


So you, it's whenever you say the truthful person would've said it this way, that helps because you do think about yourself wrongfully accused of being involved in something as awful as this. What involvement did, did you have? Yeah, you'd say none. And Megan, think about it. He's saying they would find my DNA at the location. I mean, why would his DNA be at the location? They've never seen him there before. He's never said he was there before. Well, but, But then he seen Bill to be trying to say they would have found my DNA if I'd been involved, they would found that DNA because I was like, what?


Right. I would, I would thought he was saying the same thing. Right. Then he seemed to try to clarify if I were guilty, my, the evidence of me having been there would've been all over the place. Well, maybe, maybe it would've been found if, you know, half of Kansas City and mainstream media wasn't in and out. Yes. Okay. But, but back to Phil's point, I think Phil, I mean, I don't, I don't wanna put the words in your mouth, but I feel like what you usually say in this circumstance, Phil, is the truthful person doesn't engage in convincing behavior. They don't need to say they would've found my DNA, they would've found my fingerprints. They're just kind of like, didn didn't do it. I don't, I don't have to convince Megan Kelly otherwise.


Yeah. He's using the, the convincing statements. And then you look at how he's standing on the ladder, he's trying to look very nonchalant up there. But in fact he's very threatened by you and very intimidated internally by the questions you're asking Megan. But he doesn't really, you didn't give him an opening to, you know, criticize or accuse you or attack you. And that made it very, very difficult for him. Why? Why was he up on the ladder? Because the audience, the viewing audience will see, the listening audience needs to be told he didn't need to be up there. His work, of course, was paused while he was talking to me and to Bill.


And he easily could have stepped down and come over to us or been face to face. So What did you make of his, his choice to stay elevated and, you know, on the ladder, If you recall, he was standing up in, in a straighter posture when you got there. He wasn't leaning on the ladder in that manner. And when you guys walked up, then he immediately leaned over and he hunched down. He was intimidated. He doesn't know who you are, he doesn't know what your intentions are. So he is, he's a little scared. And so that anchor point movement that we saw represented a spike in his anxiety and he sit tight and just look like he's not threatened.


And that's the thing you'll see in prison a lot. Pe you know, the key is, is people have to look and act as if they're not threatened by anything or anyone around them. And he's, he given his prison time, he is pretty good at that. The latter is not only elevating him, but it's a barrier between him and me. There, there is that sort of defensive thing of it's in front of me. I've got my arms around it. I'm, I'm safer behind this ladder. And we'll definitely get into why did he talk? Because that was our big debate before Bill and I went, is he going to, but I've gotta get to the phones before we do that. So that was the one thing we discussed beforehand.


If, if, if he would admit to us what he told Cindy short that he found allegedly the three phones on the night, Baby Lisa went missing, that that would be a tantamount to an admission. Well, here's how that went in part. Now did you have those phones, those, no, because we, we understand that you told a lawyer, Cindy Short, that you found those phones. I, I'm, whatever she wanted to hear. I didn't tell her I found those phones. I said, I found phones that night, but I didn't find it. No nothing. Oh, why? It is because she's asking a million questions and I didn't wanna make her happy.


Whatever. So the listening audience knows, one of the things he did there, Phil, which you've called attention to in the past, it, it can be part of a, a cluster of deception. His hands above the midline. He started to move his hands up. Like, oh, she did this, she did this. And you've told me in the past, and I know from your books by the lie, which everyone should read when you're lying, the nervous energy has to shoot out of you somehow, whether it's your leg crossed and foot cooking or you start to rock, but hands above the midline, touching your nose, touching your head, moving around can be part of a deception cluster. So What did you make of the phone's answer E exactly where you were going, Megan, again, it represents a very significant spike in his anxiety level here.


And it's interesting, why on earth would someone who's telling the truth need to admit that while they weren't, didn't say they had taken the phones that were missing, but they found other phones on that, that particular night by coincidence, so to speak. Who, who in their right mind would do that? If you're telling the truth? Because, and, and what he recognizes is that by saying that he even had phone, that he did find phones that night is almost as equally cr incriminating as the fact that the phones, he had, the phones that were missing it. It's clearly one and the same. So that's what led him to say, in my opinion, what led him to say, oh, I was just lying to her at that particular time.


I, I was surprised that immediately he knew who Cindy Short was and he knew about the phone conversation. He didn't stutter. Like what? Huh? Oh, that was nonsense. If you think about it for that one moment, let's postulate that he is guilty. Let's assume, let, let's just for argument's sake say he's guilty. Every breath, every moment is burned in his brain. Right? And to me, this question of the phones is one of the most pivotal points made because if he found that phone, right, if he had the phone that's tells us he was in the house. I mean, it tells me he was in the house and he called Megan Wright, and that's why he was going back and forth.


Is it advantageous for me to say I found the phones, or Oh no, I was just lying. He figured out to say he has the phones suggests he had the baby and he knew we, he didn't want us going there. But, but this like Phil, this was the most obvious lie, I would say even to the casual observer without the Phil Houston training. Because why would a guy sitting in jail talking to a lawyer make up a lie about having phones when he didn't have phones, quote, to make her happy. I think one of the reasons he might have been doing that as well is that between that night and today or or the day that you're interviewing him, he is probably told someone, one or two people that he, he did find phones that night and then realized that when you asked him the question and, oh, I need to come up with a reason as to why I had phones.


Or maybe someone saw him with phones that night And that Megan Wright was dialed. Yes, Megan Wright's number was dialed. He had to make it, in my opinion, he had to make a story. Oh, I found the phones. And then he realized it's not in his best interest to say he had Oh, I didn't have the phones. Yeah, exactly, exactly. That was his weakest part because there were other moments where I thought, okay, you know what? He's, he's doing better here. And one of those moments was when he tried to say he and Megan Wright broke up and he never saw her. And I said, you didn't, you didn't stalk her at all. Or however I phrased it, you know, you didn't show up at her house and he owned that one right away.


I pulled up on the front lawn and I stolen ground one time, but I didn't talk to her. So what was your reaction that fell? Because he could have said, no, I never did. But he kind of owned her story of driving the truck onto her property and scaring her a little. I I think Megan, what he's trying to do there, going back to the concept of convincing statements or persuasion behavior, what he's trying to do is he's trying to say, Hey, if I did something wrong, I'm more than willing to step up and admit it. And in, and often that is, that convinces people who aren't really attuned to the behavior and the reality of the situation and they buy into it.


And that's what he's hoping would happen here. I'll tell you what, Doug brunt, my husband, he watched this whole thing and he had one big takeaway having watched Jersey. He said, you know who he reminds me of? He said, he reminds me of this guy. Exactly. Frank Pantang from the Godfather when he testified before Congress on whether Michael Corleone was in fact a the Godfather and a member of the crime family. And he had now had a change of heart before the, here, here it is, watch. Tell me if this looks like Jersey. I don't know nothing about that. Do you deny that confession?


And do you realize what will happen as a result of your denial? Look, the FBI guys, they promised me a deal. So I, so I made up a lot of stuff about Michael Corleone because that's what they wanted. But, but it was all lies. It's the same sequencing of deceptive behavior that we, we just saw almost identical to what we just saw with, with Tanko. It's amazing. Okay, so what's your takeaway now, having watched it, Phil, like the, when it wrapped up having watched the, you know, 25 minutes, What did you walk away saying? He, there are signs of deception and There's no, there's little doubt in my mind, in my opinion, that he is directly involved if, if not unilaterally, the person that took the baby That's strong.


Not just from this interview, but it's, it's from the history of the evolution of the case and the things that we learned about him over the years and, and, and the connections to others and the evidence that, that we, we heard that, you know, about his activities that night. All of that collectively suggests in my mind that, you know, this is our, this is our guy. So Why did he talk to me, Phil, we, that was our big debate. That's why Bill had to eat his shoe because he said he's not gonna talk. And you said he'll talk. It happens. And sure enough, he did talk and the, you know, the audience knows because they went through this with us. But like he hasn't talked, he in all his time, you know, as you know, I always go by own my own daughter.


She's about to turn 13 that whole time he's kept quiet. He's never made a public statement. He's never even been caught on camera in any meaningful way. So why did he talk? As I said before, Megan, you approached him in a non-threatening manner. It's very counterintuitive in these situations. In fact, when we train law enforcement, one of the hardest habits to break is taking that immediate intimidation or intimidating posture and, and voice and, and accusations and so forth. You did none of that. You came up in a very polite manner, very professional manner.


And you said, listen, we'd like to talk to you as if you were, you know, giving him the option. Now he didn't know you weren't really gonna give him the option that you would probably continue, you know, to ask questions and so forth. But, but he, he, he was willing at that point to say, okay, let me see where this goes right now. I'm up here on this ladder, I'm in a safe place, so what's the harm? And maybe I can gain some ground in the meantime. And because of the, what you ask him and, and how you ask them, it, it allowed you to gain ground. And he wasn't realizing that he had let his guard down and he's now talking to you in narratives instead of one word answers or refusing to answer or whatever.


He's thinking, okay, maybe I can, you know, pull off a fast one, you know, with this lady. And in, and in retrospect when you think about it, guys, we were literally in his backyard. He had the high ground, he felt safe. We were in his territory on in his yard while he was up, he felt he was in control. That's a good point. It was kind of ironic that he ended the exchange with honesty is the best policy. Honesty is the best policy, like touting his own honesty, which is another tell Phil, is it not? Oh, absolutely. It's, it's one of the most used convincing statements there is.


And, but the timing of when he did it was quite interesting to me. It was interesting because it suggests that he felt he played a good role here, that he really accomplished something in the manner in which he answered your questions. He was, he was kind of, you know, being a peacock here and saying, Hey, you know, I've been very honest with you and, and in reality he knows he is been anything but that. Oh, and then he followed up with this thing has been effing my head up, but I'm not guilty of anything. But it's been, which, What did you make of that statement? It, it's, it, it's, again, truth in the lie. As many of these other statements that he made, he's saying something, he's telling that's truthful.


It, it, it did mess up his head. But in, in, in reality a truthful person, that's not gonna happen. In other words, if he, they, they'd have gone in truthful person 10 years later or 13 years later is not gonna be terrified and fear that they're gonna go to jail or they're gonna get the death penalty, whatever the case may be. Yet these are all these things that he's saying and it's, these are the things that are worrying him. And so I wouldn't be surprised if there isn't a day that goes by that he thinks about that night. What did you make of Phil when he said, I I said, why would somebody, do you think it happened spur of the moment? Do you think it was planned out and he didn't bite there at all?


He is like, I don't know. And then I rounded back again and he said, I don't know. And then he is like, you already asked me this. You know, he, he did, he was pretty firm on that one. Like, I don't know. And stop asking me that, that I thought was a point in his favor. Remember what we said earlier, how he said, I don't have any involvement. That is his agenda in his mind. And so when you ask him a question that is similar to that, now he's already got the answer framed out and that's why it looks and sounds, you know, more truthful. Give you another example of that. At one point you asked him, I think about fingerprints or whatever on the phone, and he, he gave what on the surface would appear to be a truthful answer.


Why would your fingerprints be on those phones? I don't know why. I don't know. I'm, I'm just trying to figure it out. Okay. Well you're not, you're telling me this is fact that I bris on the phone. Well, I don't believe because I, I don't, I don't believe I ever possessed the phone. I suspect his f by the end of the night, his fingerprints were no longer on that phone. I, and he knows that, and he's, he's wiped them off. And so that's something that he can say, you know, truthfully. Yeah. With confidence, right? He challenged whether his fingerprints were on the phone. And the other thing he challenged with confidence was this, Why would a neighbor say they saw you in the area?


I don't know. That's the third time he asked me. Okay, sorry, I'm, I'm gonna lose my own. I don't know. People lie. I don't know. Yeah. Right now I'm in the area. I'm now at first decided it was on our house. You see? Well, I'm asking you beyond, because, you know, there are the, there's the one set of neighbors that say they saw somebody who matches your description. They didn't say you with a baby that, that night, like around midnight. Do you remember that? I, I remember fact, there was a witness that seen somebody carrying a baby. Didn didn't, I didn't get all that about fits my description type.


So he did know, he knew facts about this investigation in a way that I thought was pretty telling as well. But that was a, that was a, a great example of deception. He didn't say I wasn't there. Oh, I'm, I failed to see the forest through the trees on that one. Oh, again, so that's the Phil Houston twist. The truth teller would would've said I wasn't there. So she definitely did not see me. That's, that's the fact. That is the mo the best ally for the truthful person tell the truth. And, and in his case, he can't, the truth has consequences associated with it. And that's what makes it difficult for him now.


Now, the advantage he has a little bit is he's been asked a lot of these questions over the years, and so he has some frame of reference, but what was different this time is somebody's talking to him in a i i, almost a kind way. You, you don, you didn't, you weren't judgemental of him. And that was really important. So having watched Megan Wright and John Tanko talk about their relationship and their time together, what takeaways, If you assume for a moment that our assessment of John Tanko is correct, and then you look at what Megan is saying about him, she clearly is trying to distance herself from him.


It, it appears likely so much so that it appears likely to me that she knows what he's been up to, and likely she knows what happened that night. And as a result, she doesn't want to go down. If he, if he is, you know, if a tanko is finally arrested, you know, uncovered or identified as the perpetrator and is, is arrested, then she would then become a co-conspirator. And, and she realizes that. So she's trying to leave in the impression in everyone's mind that she has nothing to do with him. She, she, and, and, you know, long before you know, the baby went missing, she had nothing to do with him.


And she's trying to create that image That was by design. Well, When you asked Tanko any questions about Megan Wright, he becomes very protective of her and immediately says, no, she's not involved and, and exonerates her. And I believe he's doing that because he knows that she knows and knows what she knows, and as a result, he has no choice but to defend her. That's very interesting. She wasn't sounding that way about him, however, like, I don't know what he's capable of was more her line. Yeah, yeah.


He has no choice but to defend her. She has other options. She isn't the person that actually did it. You're so interesting, Phil. This is a fascinating talking to you. Okay, now we're gonna bring in Jim Spelman very excited to have Jim Spelman with us, a reporter of CNN at the time. This story broke. Now, independent. And Jim, you've been watching this whole thing. You've been watching the series, you've been working with us on this. What did you make of this exchange with John Tanko? Well, first off, I want to echo the kudos to you, bill and your crew for, for getting this and going in there. That was not easy, and it definitely took guts and courage to do it. Well done.


This struck me as somebody remember, he didn't know you were recording him. Who's scared that the next visitor's gonna have a badge on them right after them. And he was working whatever he could to try to find out what you might know and then to feed back something that's gonna make him look good. I mentioned this earlier in a previous interview, Megan, but I'm, I'm in recovery. I, I'll use crystal meth, smoked crack, cocaine, et cetera, 23 years. I've been clean last year and I work on a near daily basis with addicts in recovery. And there's a kind of person who does nothing but lie, even when there's no reason to lie. They lie. You ask him what color a blue car is, they'll say red. And this strikes me like that kind of person who just immediately is on the hustle, immediately is trying to weave something that's gonna help him come out better at, at the end of the day.


And, you know, with the phones, with the phone question, this really has made me focus on the investigation back in Kansas City and, and by the FBI and why at this point they have not told us why they moved on from John Tango, why they have not revealed all of the details about the phone. And I, I think when this show comes out, it will be negligent if the chief of police there, Stacey Graves, doesn't immediately appoint a new detective that was not involved to, to make this a high profile cold case release, whatever information they can that doesn't jeopardize an investigation and bring this into the public eye again.


And I would include men offenses with the family. I don't know who was responsible for that division, but it wasn't Lisa and she deserves better than that. And this investigation should be immediately reopened in a vigorous way. Well said. I couldn't agree with what you just said more. And that's really our goal is to have somebody just take a, a fresh look at the case. Fresh eyes, new eyes. Take a look at the case. He told us for the first time there that he had not been cleared by law enforcement. That was an interesting admission. I think he didn't know that I believed he had been cleared otherwise, maybe he would've just gone with that.


But it's 'cause I asked it in an open-ended way. Like, were you cleared? And he said, no, no one ever told me that. I thought that was very interesting. And, and the police in Kansas City and the FBI on occasion told me they used the language. They hadn't moved on right from John Tango. Never of course being absolute about it. But I think it's clear they have because look where he is. You know, and I mean, none of these people have faced any kind of serious, you know, investigation that they know after those initial weeks and months lives have just gone on. People's lives have gone on while the family and Lisas are, are in suspended animation. You know, Why else, Jim, would there be a 10 year gap between the last time the Kansas City Police called Jeremy or Deborah and today It, it, it, it, it's inexcusable No matter what they did or what the, the police did, somebody's gotta get over this, right?


And I think as part of reopening the case, the Kansas City Police need to deal with the media, take their lumps and get this case, you know, back out there. No one's gonna come off looking great if they reopen this in a sort of more high profile way. But what other way is there to jog memories to convince the community there in Kansas City that their children are being cared for, that they matter then to start getting some of this stuff out there. One of the things I was really surprised to hear Deborah say was that they had taken hair from them to test for, for drugs. So if they, if that's true and it was negative, then why would the police not release that at this point?


Why not put out whatever can be put out there that can close down avenues that people are discussing and maybe just somehow jog some other memory of somebody you know, that may know somebody who knows somebody. Maybe it's not tanko, but someone who is tangential to Tanko. Maybe not somebody who was in the house, but someone that was near and around the house that day. Somebody knows something. There has to be a nexus to this house to know there's a baby there to know that Jeremy's working that night. Something has to happen to change this. It's just unacceptable that it's up to people like you and people like Bill to be on this guy's lawn and not a much larger investigation. And you know, what's really chilling is here we are all these years later, they've never found remains of any kind.


And, you know, if this were a murder, an intentional murder, an accidental death, let's face it, the whoever did it of the characters we're talking about, you wouldn't think that these are, you know, sophisticated criminals who actually managed to avoid the police detection and then got rid of the body in a way that very few criminals were able to, or it never got dug up by a dog never came up if it had been put in the water. You know, like we saw with Lacey Peterson, like this is the one criminal who managed in just that short window of time to con conduct, conduct the perfect crime. No, no DNA, no fingerprints, no proof of any kind, dispose of the body in the way that it never came back. So there is a real possibility if you look at that, that she wasn't killed.


We haven't really talked about it that much, but that she really wasn't killed and that she was either sold or given to somebody or showed up on the doorstep of a firehouse in some other town. That would make some more sense given the absence of a body. And Remember the investigation in those early days and weeks, the amount of searches of woods in that area. When, when, when the address came up, the area, the intersection that Cindy says he's, he reported that the phone graph, I immediately put that into Google and looked at images. One of the very first live shots I did when I, that the first weekend of this case was a big search right there that included the National Guard and the FBI of that, of that area.


And all of those similar areas that kind of are, you know, around this neighborhood that have open woods or something, were heavily searched in that kind of search that would find any type of remains or, or something. So I, I think that it's extremely unlikely that, you know, out in public, you know, woods or anything that, you know, there were any remains to be found within a, within a a mile or two radius of the house. You're amazing. Thank you so much for the great work you've done on this. You've been a highlight of every episode. It's been a pleasure. And Jim, that Jim, thank you. And you know, sharing that, you know, be once an addict, you've shown that it can be overcome and it is debilitating and you overcame it, and you just add that much more character to everything you do.


Thank you. Thanks Bill. Yes indeed, Jim, thanks a ton. It's a pleasure to meet you. And that's the conclusion for now of our me Kelly investigates series, but it's not the end. So we would love to hear from you and from your questions and feedback, we will put together an episode six. Remember we did this with the Idaho murders and it worked out really well. And then we will bring you that episode in a couple of weeks. What do you think happened? What's your theory? What do you find persuasive? Who did you believe, who did you not? And do you have any actual leads? Especially if you live in the Kansas City area, or even if you don't, you might know one of the players, you might know something you wanna share with us.


Please send your thoughts to me. It's Megan, MEGY n@megankelly.com. We will be reviewing all of your emails just as we always do, and I thank you sincerely for joining us along this journey. We'll see you soon. If you're watching right now, please take a look at this picture of Lisa as she might look. Now, if you're listening, you can see the photo on YouTube or just go to megan kelly.com. If you see her or think you might have any information that can help find her, please write to me. The address is Megan, MEGY n@megankelly.com. You can also pass along tips on the Baby Lisa story to the the Kansas City Police Department, or encourage them to get active on this case.


That would be very helpful. Reach out@kccrimestoppers.com, KC crime stoppers.com or call them at eight one six four seven four tips, TIPS. That's 8 1 6 4 7 4 8 4 7 7.


There has never been a better time to take control of your health and it all starts in the gut. Processed foods, stress at work, fluoride in the water, even toxins in the air you breathe can overwhelm your digestive system. Our bodies are literally being attacked on a daily basis. So what can we do to fight back? I wanna tell you about Just Thrive probiotic. A probiotic and an antioxidant comprised of science-backed strains to keep the gut healthy and balanced. Did you know that most probiotics in the market die in your stomach? Acid Just Thrive survives 100%. And that means better digestion, healthy immunity, more energy, and easy weight management. It comes in a capsule or berry flavored. Gummy. So there's an option for everyone in the family for over a decade Just Thrive has been fighting to help make Americans healthier with science-backed solutions you can trust. To join the Gut Health Revolution and take control of your health today, visit Just Thrive health.com. Just Thrive health.com and save 20% sitewide with promo code Megan. That's Just Thrive health.com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N.


Parents too many kids today are not learning the real history of America. Schools are pushing revisionist narratives or skipping over key ideas altogether. That's why the Tuttle Twins America's history books are so important. These story-based books bring our history to life, the good, the bad, and the inspirational. So your kids can understand not only the truth about our founders and the constitution, but also the ideas and values that made this country great. Give your children the education they deserve. Don't wait. Go to Tuttle Twins dot com slash history right now and grab your set of America's history books. If we don't teach the next generation what really happened, no one will visit tuttle T-U-T-T-L-E twins.com/history. Today


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.