
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Wednesday, May 21st, 2025, and this is your AM Update. There Should be a lot of soul searching, not just among me, but among the legacy media to begin with. CNN's Jake Tapper, admitting legacy media needs to do some soul searching over their coverage of the very obvious cognitive decline of President Joe Biden. Alina Hopper wanted me to admit to doing something that I did not do, and I was not going to do that. A New Jersey house, Democrat facing charges following an altercation at an ICE detention center earlier this month. New voices in the courtroom, witnesses take the stand in the criminal case against Sean Diddy Combs shedding light on what they say really happened, and Marco Rubio battles with Democrat senators in a fiery Hearing all that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update,


I would like to introduce you to a new brand of Angus Beef. You can order it directly from Riverbend Ranch, which is located just a few miles from West Yellowstone Montana. Riverbend Ranch raises their cattle a lot differently than most ranches. For example, they never use artificial growth hormones or antibiotics. They track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. And they handle their animals humanely and with respect. But most important is the quality of the beef. You'll find it as tender and flavorful as the finest restaurants, and that's because they have spent the last 35 years selecting cattle for tenderness and flavor, aging their beef to perfection for 21 days. The result is some of the most tender and flavorful beef you have ever tasted. You cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store, and since it is shipped directly from the ranch to your home, you get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from Riverbend Ranch dot com. Use promo code Megan to get 20 bucks off your first order. That's Riverbend Ranch dot com code, Megan, and be prepared. Once you taste it, you're gonna be coming back for more. Again, that's Riverbend Ranch dot com code. Megan


CNN's Jake Tapper, and Axios reporter Alex Thompson, joining the Megan Kelly Show on Tuesday for their first extended interview promoting their new book, original Sin. The book citing interviews with more than 200 Democrat insiders and Biden White House staffers details the behind the scenes efforts to conceal the true state of President Joe Biden's cognitive decline, including threatening or retaliating against reporters who dared to question Mr. Biden's mental fitness, many in the legacy media caving to that pressure or not needing any pressure at all to protect Mr. Biden ignoring what was apparent to this listening audience. For years, president Biden was undergoing significant cognitive decline.


Your humble reporter questioning Mr. Tapper on his role in the coverup. It could only ever work if you allowed it, if the press allowed it. So some of us tried not to, and some of us were complicit. The Biden White House did not like me. Okay. This is, I do not have great connections with the Biden White House. Well, Clearly you have a lot of sources. You say you talked to over 200 sources for this book. This was after The Election. I So you have some You could have called and worked. No, that's the point is that they were not being honest. That's the Point that this, well, how did the Wall Street Journal get it in June of 2024? And Jake Tapper and CNN couldn't find sources for this story then before he dropped out. Annie Linsky and Sivan Hughes did an amazing job in their reporting and, and they should be heralded.


And I heralded them. I had 'em on my show right after the debate to talk about their great reporting. But Annie Lindsay, After the debate, but you did not put them on when they published that story, which was before the debate. Correct. If we're gonna do this, let's just stick to the facts here. Okay. When there is a damaging report, Jake, that's what I've been doing all along One of us. I'm talking about what you just said. I just been the biggest story of the century when it comes to presidential politics. And one of us did. Mr. Tapper called the book reporting process humbling, admitting that he should have pushed harder on the Biden White House and revealing he called Laura Trump to apologize for dismissing her 2020 concerns about Mr. Biden's cognitive decline.


He says, it's now time for the corporate press to reflect. And Alex and I are here to say that conservative media was right and conservative media was correct, and that there should be a lot of soul searching, not just among me, but among the legacy media to begin with. All of us for how this was covered or not covered sufficiently. 100%. So, I mean, I'm not here to defend coverage that I've already acknowledged. I wish I could do differently. Mr. Tapper, who moderated the disastrous June, 2024 debate that forced many on the left to finally admit President Biden was not up to the job describing what that moment was like from the front row.


So we have iPads. 'cause you can't communicate, obviously talking to your control room during a debate. We have iPads. I wrote, holy smokes. Now what I was thinking was, holy fuck, Dana writes to me on a piece of paper, he just lost the election. And I, it was just, I mean, it is, I don't think this is hyperbole at all. The worst debate in the history of presidential debates going back to 1960. I just can't think of anything even remotely close to it. And then you saw him immediately after you write in the book, and he seemed like unaware. That oblivious, oblivious. Did I just see that was that did, did I just witness this 90 minute event?


Yeah. For years, critics of the Biden administration have questioned who was really running the White House original sin offering the clearest answer, yet reporting that four senior aides effectively ran the country with President Biden described as at most a senior member of the board reporter, Alex Thompson, with more The people that we're naming would be Mike Donlan, Steve Chetty, McDonalds is top political advisor. Steve Cetti's, his top legislative advisor, Ron Klain, when he was chief of staff, Bruce Reed, his basically longtime policy advisor. You can, those are sort of the four. They were known as Paula Burrow, gray Hairs, PAHs, and they were with him the most of anybody.


Now, if you were to ask them, and I still think even if you put them on truth CRM today, they would say he was fine. Then there's this other sort of group that aren't the Pul girl, but are just as powerful. And they were the ones that kept the schedule affected personnel, and really built the bubble. And that would be Annie Thomasine, who's Deputy Chief of Staff and previously Oval Office operations. And then Anthony Bernal, who was the top aide slash enforcer for First Lady Jill Biden. And had incredible influence to the point that even people in the Biden White House would refer to her as one of the most powerful first ladies in history. The book facing criticism, not just from the right, but from the left as well, including some Biden allies, including former ambassador and Democratic fundraiser, rufuss Gifford, who pushed back on its account of a now infamous fundraiser hosted by George Clooney and Julia Roberts.


According to original sin, Mr. Clooney, a longtime friend of President Biden's, was reportedly stunned, stunned when the President did not recognize him. George Clooney, that anecdote appearing to align with Mr. Clooney's later op-ed, following the June, 2024 debate where he acknowledged only after the disastrous debate that he had earlier seen Mr. Biden's decline. But Gifford, who attended the event says the book got it wrong, insisting there was no moment where Mr. Biden failed to recognize Clooney. Mr. Tapper responding to that pushback We just went through as a country, years and years of the Biden people lying and denying.


And I'm not particularly interested in pretending any of that is credible. We are very sure of our story. It wasn't just in our book. It was thoroughly fact checked in the New Yorker who did an excerpt of it, and we stand by it and I, I don't really care what Rufuss says. The full interview with Tapper and Thompson, including many new details from the book, is available on the Megan Kelly show, feed on YouTube, and wherever you get your podcasts. On Monday, interim US attorney four New Jersey Alina Haba announcing two actions tied to a recent clash between democratic lawmakers and law enforcement at an ice detention facility on May 9th.


Representatives Bonnie Watson, Coleman, Rob Menendez and Lamonica MacGyver arrived at Delaney Hall in Newark seeking a tour. Newark Mayor Roz Baraka, a vocal critic of the facility also showed up. Tensions escalated leading to a scuffle. The Trump administration accusing the Democrats of storming the facility. Mayor Baraka was arrested for a misdemeanor trespassing, but released the same day. Body cam footage shows Congresswoman MacGyver physically engaging with the officers. On Monday, US attorney Haba dropped the charges against Baraka for the sake of moving forward, offering to personally tour the facility with him. Haba then announcing charges against Congresswoman MacGyver for allegedly assaulting and interfering with law enforcement saying she had quote given her every opportunity to come to a resolution.


Congresswoman MacGyver firing back, calling the charges, quote, purely political, saying she looks forward to clearing her name in court on CNN. The Congresswoman implying she rejected a plea deal. While The Justice Department in Alina Hoppa wanted me to admit to doing something that I did not do, and I was not going to do that once again, I came there to do my job and and conduct an oversight visit. And they wanted me to say something differently. House Minority leader, Hakeem Jeffries and other members of the House, Democrat leadership, condemning the move in a joint written statement, quote, the criminal charge against Congresswoman Lamonica MacGyver is extreme morally bankrupt and lacks any basis in law or fact.


The statement characterizing the charges as quote, a blatant attempt by the Trump administration to intimidate Congress and interfere with our ability to serve as a check and balance on an out of control executive branch. President Trump asked about the charges on Tuesday. Now give me a break. Did you see her? She was outta control. Did you address? You know, those days are over the days of the days of, whoa. No, I didn't. The days of woke her over that woman. I don't. I have no idea who she is. That woman was outta control. She was shoving federal agents. She was outta control. The days of that crap are over in this country. We're gonna have law and order Coming up. A participant in the infamous so-called freak offs takes the stand in the Sean Diddy Combs trial and Secretary of State, Marco Rubio's fiery Senate hearing.


Next I wanna tell you about Patriot Mobile. They support Americans who believe that faith, family, and freedom are worth fighting for. But did you know that they have got cutting edge technology too? Switching is easy. No store visits, no hassle. Keep your number, keep your phone if you want, or you can upgrade their 100% US-based team can activate your phone in minutes right over the phone. Patriot Mobile is one of the few carriers with access to all three major US networks, and that means exceptional nationwide coverage. Plus they can even put a second number on a different network on one phone. It's like carrying two phones in one. They have unlimited data plans, mobile hotspots, international roaming, internet on the Go devices and more. You can't get all this from those big guys. So consider making the switch today and experience the Patriot Mobile difference. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash Megan or just call 9 7 2 PATRIOT and use the promo code. Megan, for a free month of service. Switch to Patriot Mobile and defend Freedom with every call and text you make. Patriot Mobile dot com slash MEYN or just call 9 7 2 PATRIOT


Testimony in the Sean Diddy Combs criminal trial continuing on Tuesday. Mr. Combs is former assistant David James taking the stand for a second day of testimony. Mr. James worked for Mr. Combs from 2007 to 2009 telling prosecutors he often set up hotel rooms for Mr. Combs. The work involved prepping clothing, a toiletry bag, a medicine bag, food and drinks for combs. The witness saying the medicine bag typically contained 25 to 30 pill bottles, including ecstasy and Percocet. James testified to frequently procuring drugs for combs, friends, including cocaine. James would restock items for Mr. Combs, including baby oil, lubricant and condoms. James said he would ask Combs security for cash reimbursement for these items held in a Louis Vuitton bag, always carried by Combs.


Security. On cross-examination, Mr. James testifying he was instructed not to submit those personal items for reimbursement, accepting those cash repayments instead because Combs did not want to have a company record for those items. Prosecutors then calling mail stripper Char Hayes to the stand. Mr. Hayes testifying that he met Mr. Combs and Ms. Ventura in 2012. According to Hayes, Ms. Ventura hired him while she was using a fake name. When he arrived at the Trump International Hotel in New York City, Ms. Ventura told Mr. Hayes, she and her husband, quote, liked to create a sexy scene involving baby oil. Ventura allegedly telling Hayes that her husband would eventually enter the room, but Hayes was instructed not to look at him.


Hayes telling prosecutors he participated in about eight to 12 of these sessions in total, and that Combs never appeared to be intoxicated. Hayes says the events were typically planned a few hours in advance and he would be invited by Ventura. The defense clearly trying to show that Ms. Ventura freely participated in these freak offs. Even handling the sex worker logistics, the witness telling prosecutors quote, my understanding was we were creating a scene, a sexy scene that was enjoyable to her partner going on later to say he never saw filming or violence in any of their encounters. Special agent Gerard Gannon, the agent in charge during the search of Mr. Combs Miami home in March, 2024.


Also taking the stand telling prosecutors agents found platform, high heels, sex toys, baby oil, personal lubricant and lingerie in Mr. Combs closet, as well as parts to AR 15 rifles and loaded magazines. Court will resume later today with more testimony from Special Agent Gannon, Secretary of State, Marco Rubio returning to Capitol Hill on Tuesday for testimony before the Senate Foreign Relations Committee, his first appearance in securing unanimous Senate confirmation. The three hour hearing erupting in fireworks several times. Secretary Rubio clashing with Democrat lawmakers furious over the Trump administration's America first foreign policy vision, Democrat senator from Maryland, Chris Van Holland, using his entire allotted time to rip into Secretary Rubio.


Without asking a single question, you've Made a mockery of our country's refugee process, turning it into a system of global apartheid where political ideology and race more than truth or need matter, like the McCarthy era, witch hunts of the 1950s. Your campaign of fear and repression is eating away at foundational values of our democracy. Attorney Joseph Welch, to cut through the hysteria with the simple question he asked, Senator McCarthy, have you no sense of decency? And I would ask you the same. Secretary Rubio, you have shown your words and your actions what the answer is. And I have to tell you directly and personally that I regret voting for you.


For Secretary of State, I yield back Secretary Rubio defending the administration's foreign policy agenda, including cuts to foreign aid, changes to immigration enforcement and the overall restructuring of the State Department. Well, first of all, your regret for voting for me confirms. I'm doing a good job. Actually, I can't respond to everything he said because much of these are untrue. But I'll go through a few. First of all, I'm actually very proud of the work we've done with U-S-A-I-D. For example, I don't regret cutting $10 million for male circumcisions in Mozambique in the case of El Salvador. Absolutely, absolutely. We deported gang members. Gang members, including the one you had a margarita with. And that guy is a human trafficker.


And that guy is a gang banger. Mr. Rubio referencing Senator Van Hollen's previous travel to El Salvador to visit the deported Kmar Abrego Garcia, a credibly accused MS 13 gang member in Salvador in custody. Secretary Rubio also clashing with Democratic senator from Virginia, Tim Kane over the Trump administration's recent acceptance of white refugees from South Africa. Those refugees citing fears of racial persecution under a South African law allowing race-based land seizures without compensation. Democrats condemning the policy, accusing the Trump administration of racial bias here. Now, some of that exchange, So a well justified fear of Persecution.


Yeah, they thought that their farms were being down and they were killed. Anything. I think that's a pretty good justification for wanting to come. Okay. They're afraid for their Lives and And should it be applied in an even handed way, that's an easy No. Our foreign PO that our reform policy doesn't require, even handedness, it requires prioritizing the of the United States. The court phrase says, you are entitled to entrance as a refugee if you demonstrate a well justified fear of persecution. No, no, you're not entitled. You are allowed. So can you have a different standard Based upon the color of somebody's skin? Would that be acceptable? Well, I'm not the one arguing that apparently you are. 'cause you don't think the fact that they're white enough why they're coming. I'm just asking to say that that would be unacceptable, that I would say that the United States would a very easy thing to say. The United States has a right to pick and choose who they allow into the United States, even based on the color of somebody's skin. No one say you're the one that's talking about the color of their skin.


Not me. The president of South Africa will visit the White House later today. And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one eleven@noeaonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.