
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. He's been called the Disruptor in Chief, and that's exactly what Trump's tariffs are doing to the market today. False reports of a Trump tariff pause. Saw the Dow Jones Industrial Average erase a morning 1700 point loss to go up over 800, only for the market to go back to a loss of over 800 when it turned out the rumor wasn't true.


Currently at 12 noon on Monday, it is down 500 points back and forth. Look, you can't look, you can't look at it. I I, I, I'm sure we've lost a lot of money. My mom is on a fixed income. It doesn't matter the income level. You can't look at a moment like this. You're, you're supposed to be in this market for, You know, a long term pay off if you're a younger person. And if you're an older person, you're also not supposed to sell when the market drops precipitously off of an event like tariffs, that's generally what they say.


So looking is just bad for the soul and ultimately the pocketbook for many, many people. That's a general role. And hopefully you've got a financial advisor telling you exactly what to do because You know, people who just wanna play the market like they're in a casino, okay, I guess you should look, but somebody was just recirculating an old Trump quote. 'cause he used to own a casino in Atlantic City. You know, there's no crying in the casino. The, the market is like a casino. I mean, it is a better place to go. It is not a guaranteed source of income. It can go up And it can go down.


And we have volatility, volatility right now in our economy. So, You know, hold the line. Like, hold, don't panic. Do not panic. That's actually what Trump is saying this morning. Don't panic. So we're gonna talk about what's happening because these tariffs are having a greater effect on our market at least, and we'll see what they do to our economy. But boy, he is getting such pushback now from establishment Republicans, the ones who didn't really want him. I mean, like I, I'll look, Elon's not a fan of the tariffs from what we're gleaning on Twitter, but Cora Maga so far seems to be still in Trump's corner establishment. Republicans like the Journal, they don't like the tariffs.


We knew that. They also don't like the immigration reforms. We knew that they also didn't want Trump. They wanted Nikki Haley. We knew that. And Democrats who just wanna hate Trump to hate him, they're all against him. But what can we just hold on, just hold on. And don't let these Wall Street hot shots who live and die by a two point market move dictate the wisdom of Trump's tariffs, which are a longer term strategy. Look, president Trump is far from panicking. He posted this morning on truth social quote, the US has a chance to do something that should have been done decades ago.


Don't be weak, don't be stupid, don't be a panicking. It appears to be a new party name he's thrown out there. Oh yeah. In fact, the follow up line is a new party based on weak and stupid people. Be strong, courageous, and patient and greatness will be the result. So you heard it from the President. Don't be a panicking. A panicking. We're gonna get into it plus more of our Exclusive reporting on the Nashville School Shooters journals, which we broke exclusively this morning on AM update, which you should check later today after this show. I just wanna tell you what happened there. We received an Exclusive on the Nashville Shooters Manifesto from the FBI.


We exclusively had permission to report on it, though not to post the documents. And we spent the weekend reviewing the over 1000 of them. What we concluded, and it's outlined in morning update, which is on YouTube and on our podcast feed, is that we were misled by Nashville authorities last week who said, Hmm, there's not one document called The Manifesto. So we're just gonna tell you based on our reading of these these thousand plus documents, what the motives here were. And guess what didn't make the dance, the shooter's trans ideology at all. At all. So we read through the documents, and again, we've been misled.


This woman was obsessed with trying to trans herself, wanting to trans herself trans ideology. I mean, it, it was like reading a leftist playbook on race, gender, and hatred for America. And now it's becoming really clear why this wasn't shared with us for two years. Well, we've seen it and we don't have the same agenda as the people making those decisions. And thanks to Cash Patel and his transparent efforts at the FBI, we will bring you the full report later today. We begin today with Victor Davis Hanson. He's a senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and author of the book, The End of Everything, how Wars Descend Into Annihilation.


What do you do in this Easter to celebrate with your


family? Angels Studios who gave us the box office hit Sound of Freedom, has an unforgettable movie coming out this Easter called The King of Kings. An animated story of the life of Jesus, featuring an all star cast, including Oscar, Isaac Pierce Brosnan, Uma Thurman, Forrest Whitaker, and more using stunning animation with vivid theatrical scenes you've never seen in a movie like this. King of Kings brings the story of Jesus to the big screen for a whole new generation. And I have a special offer. Become a premium member in the Angel Studios Guild, a membership that puts you in the driver's seat to help Angel choose which movies it GreenLights. And you'll get two count 'em, two free tickets to see King of Kings and every single theatrical release from Angel Studios as well. How about that? Get two free tickets to see King of Kings and join the Angel Guild as a premium member at angel.com/megan. Take your kids to a truly wonderful movie this Easter season and be a part of making family entertainment great. Again, angel.com/megan,


VDH welcome back, the thank you, the meltdown on the establishment right, and the Trump hating left over. The volatility caused by Trump's change in tariffs is everywhere. Good luck turning into a, tuning into a podcast, a television show, picking up a paper without being told how terrible these decisions are and how Trump doesn't know what he's doing. I it is you actively have to work to find somebody like you who says, let me tell you another way of looking at this and try to disabuse some of these establishment types of their very, very well held wisdom.


So VDH, your thoughts on the tariffs? Well, well, there is a lot of misinformation. The first thing is that I know this, I I'm like you, I I I have a 401k and it's been really hurt. But Donald Trump did everything. Wall Street wanted his first term. He, he repealed Dodd-Frank, he deregulated, he cut taxes. He inc he encouraged de accelerated depreciation and the market went up Megan, 65% under Donald Trump, higher than even Biden, even though that he suffered through the Covid. So I was looking at the Dow when it's 37 or 38,000, it's pretty much where, where Biden was in 2023 and over the Biden and Trump eight years, it's gone up a hundred percent.


It's gone from nineteens 1800 when Trump first entered office up to 38. Low point. But if you look at wages, and this is what it's all about, even though the productivity over the last 50 years has almost doubled per worker wages only went up 35%. Now, as far as the cycle drama goes, I, I'm you and I are elites and we understand that, but 10% of the country owns 93% of the value of the stock market. 50% are only invested at 1%. So a lot of this paranoia is that these people are not making over a 10 year period what they think they deserve.


In other words, their portfolios over the last decade went up by 80% and no longer at this particular point have doubled into a hundred percent. But they're not interested on the people below who would ne, who would've dreamed of having wage returns at to be comparable to the stock market. The the other thing is, and I don't understand this, that don't, they are not offering any constructive alternative. I I, I keep thinking, well, maybe the left, I remember Bernie Sanders and Nancy Pelosi said that China was the, our policy toward China was a job loser.


I remember Paul Krugman said he was a mercantile list. I can remember Warren Buffet writing that we are being wiped out by, that was 20 years ago by asymmetrical trade. So I'm waiting for all these voices to come up and say, no, this is what we should do to address the $1 trillion annual trade deficit or the trade deficits that have been without exception, continuous since what, 1975 or half century. They can either say, well, You know, trade deficits don't matter and I'll tell you why. Or here's a better way of doing it. Or yes, we're paying $3 billion a day in interest on the national debt. Well, here's what I would do or here's how I'm gonna get, they don't do any of that, especially the left.


So it's just, and then when you look at the whole totality, the totality of the Trump 80 days, it's, well, we went from 10,000 a day to zero on the border. Nobody said that was possible. We've already identified $150 billion that everybody on both sides admits is probably waste and fraud already for the first time in a decade. You can navigate through the Red Sea. The Houthis are pretty much in withdrawal. Iran is completely emasculated and somebody's talking about ending the Ukraine war, which instead of just, we'll give them whatever it takes to the end. So there's been dramatic changes that there are no, there's no appreciation.


And You know, one last thing, I I think workers understand that even if they don't buy stock in the company in which they work, the stock market is important. Donald Trump used to brag that he was, he had raised it 60% his first time. And people said, ah, the stock market, that's not a good barometer. Workers' wages and unemployment, but Donald Trump already had provided this week. You think the stock market would take note, a hundred thousand more jobs in the government said would be produced. And the interest rate at an annual rate, maybe at this month is about two 5%. And so he's getting to, to some data and then you think, well, given this hysteria by the 10% in the media and academia and politics in the corporate world, he, he's done for, and then you'd look at the Harvard Harris PO and he's still 49, 46 down a point or two.


So I guess what I'm saying is I'm not this, for me, I like to do exactly what you said. Take a, take a deep breath and then contextualize this with the Russian collusion hoax that we all said was a fake and were not disbelieved the covid lockdown debacle, the hundred laptop disinformation fable, the lie that Joe Biden was fit as a fiddle. The idea that c Kamala Harris had closed the distance and she was three points ahead in Iowa and going to win that. And these all were these cycle dramas that turned out to be not what they were. And so, and finally, one last rant that they keep talking about tariffs, tariffs, tariffs, recession, depression.


I can't think of a tariff that caused a major recession of depression. It didn't cause a 2008 that was Wall Street, that was this reckless Wall Street hysteria that we're seeing now only channeled into subprime mortgage securitization in the market when there wasn't capital there that they said there was. The Smoot Harley lack did not cause a great depression. We had a surplus at the time. It was unnecessary. Yes, it was punitive, yes, but it was two years after when it fully was implemented. It was two years after what, who caused the Great Depression buying on the margin and reckless Wall Street investors.


So it's kind of ironic that Wall Street has a tendency to go bananas, speculate and hurt the rest of us. And now they're trying to cite Smoot Harley that had nothing to do with the depression and they should look to themselves. And the final thing is that they think there's going to be help from the Democrats on deregulation, tax reduction investment, protecting American companies dealing with the debt, dealing with the deficit. I don't think there is, nothing's coming out of the left. Everything that's coming outta the left is antithetical to what the Wall Street Journal, for example, believes. So I I just would like to hear what their, their alternative scenario is.


Donald Trump's communication. I would only suggest to them that he have a tragic tone. He should, instead of saying beautiful tariffs and we're gonna make 'em pay, or Europe has been ripping us off or repertory, he should say, You know, I didn't want to do this. But we've had 50 years of this and nobody draw anybody's attention to it. They offshoring they outsourcing that has destroyed the industrial base of this country. I I don't like cutting federal workers, but who ha who had ever cared about the $37 trillion debt, who cares about the $3 billion in interest per day? I was tasked to do this in a way that nobody else has addressed it.


I don't like doing it, But I'm gonna do it for the good of the country even though I'm gonna be hated for doing it. If he said that, I think it'd be the other thing he could say is he's gotta talk cease all the talk about repertory tariffs where he says, well, we're gonna make them pay for all the stuff they did in the past. Or they, they, they manipulate the currency. True. They use health and safety gimmicks to forbid import true. But for right now, at this moment, he's got to talk about reciprocity. That American people will back him the whole way. If he just says, I would like zero tariffs with partners. And barring that, I want our tariffs to be what their tariffs are and just stop all the talk about we're gonna have a 10% on everybody regardless.


Or we're gonna tariff Australia even though they have a trade deficit with us. He can get in, in the second round to the currency manipulation, the vat tax, the scams that countries use to say your products aren't clean enough or they may have disease. Exactly. All of that. But for, but for right now, the American people just want to be, do unto others as they do to us. And they will back him to the end of the earth when he makes the argument. I am just let, it's on autopilot it, the fate is in these people's hands. If China wants to be happy, then just do tariff what we do. Or, or I'll go with him on zero tariff. That's a winning argument. But not, well, Australia had a 19, You know, 2003 little quirk and they stopped beef.


That's too intricate right now. Australia has basically zero tariffs. They run a deficit with us. We should not be taring them. The the Chinese is, that's a special case. And it's amazing like the, the disparity in terms of what they import to us absolute versus what we import to them. And You know, people been talking about, well they, Trump really added a lot of tariffs on them, 37% on top of the preexisting tariffs that were already there under Trump 1.0 that Biden claimed to hate, but then kept in place. And it, it's, it affects virtually nothing 'cause they don't buy from us. So like it's almost just an exercise and well, okay, it's like a thought exercise because compared to what we buy from them, they buy next to nothing from us.


But today they actually had the nerve to issue a retaliatory tariff after Trump's 34%. And Trump just issued this statement on truth social. He writes yesterday, China issued retaliatory tariffs of 34% on top of their already record-setting tariffs, non-monetary tariffs, illegal subsidization of companies, and massive long-term currency manipulation. Despite my warning that any country that retaliates against the US by issuing additional tariffs above and beyond their already existing long-term tariffs, a a tariff abuse of our nation will be immediately met with new and substantially higher tariffs over and above those initially set.


Therefore, if China does not withdraw, its 34% increase of above their already long-term trading abuses by tomorrow, April 8th, 2025, the US will impose additional tariffs on China of 50% effective April 9th. Additionally, all talks with China concerning their requested meetings with us will be terminated, negotiations with other countries which have also requested meetings will begin taking place immediately. Thank you for your attention to this matter. So let's talk about China because You know, the general thinking seems to be what's gonna happen in North America is ultimately going to be done by deal between Trump, Canada and Mexico.


That, You know, he already struck a deal with them first time around and they'll probably strike another deal because we're all on the same continent and we have an interest in having healthy trading relationships with our upstairs and downstairs neighbors. Then there's Europe, which now is, You know, acting as a block some 27 countries. And the, I think the general wisdom is that we'll reach a deal with them too. Some sort of a deal. Like maybe this is a negotiation to hit something better. So it's really about Asia. These tariffs are about, in large part about Asia and China, the number one where there's this huge disparity. And then when we hit them with tariffs last time around, they outsourced a lot of their manufacturing to some of these other Asian countries like Vietnam.


We're like, oh, okay, we don't have to do it here China to that we'll do it in Vietnam. They're not subject to the new increased tariffs on us. So now Trump is included Vietnam and all these smaller Asian countries in the his net. So I don't think it's any accident that he's making an example out of China with his truth. Social post Victor and I, I think he's right on because I think Americans understand on an inherent level that everything we buy was made in China. You can't avoid it if you try your, You know, from food to toys to clothes, you, the electronics, you, you name it.


They make it there. They export it to the America. To America and we pay through the nose for it. And now Trump's trying to write that balance by bringing American manufacturing back and decreasing our dependence on this country that hates us. Your thoughts on Asia and China and how that all plays in here? Well, traditionally in these trade wars, the country that is running a big surplus is more vulnerable because their industry and their economy has been gear geared toward mercantile idealism. And that's true especially of China. China. The second thing is, there's going to be a lot of opportunistic countries, Vietnam in particular, that are gonna come to us and say, we can do what China's doing to to you, and we will give you a better deal.


We'll have reciprocal tariffs with you, but if you go after China, we're here and they're gonna pop up. It's kinda like musical chairs. If the music goes off, everybody wants a chair. Once he starts to do these deals, a lot of countries will say, if I don't cut a deal with 'em, I'll be the last one to get into the American market. And so China is vulnerable in that aspect. They also have 300,000 students here. We don't have hardly any there. They are buying hundreds of thousands of farmland in strategically located places. The F-B-I-C-I-A has estimated that 1% and that was very generous of students and people from China on green cards are actively engaged in espionage that could be three or 4,000 people.


So my point is this, is that they see us as naive and as ripe for exploitation in 360 degree thinking. If Trump gets into a tiff with him as he is now, he has all sorts of levers. He could say to China, tomorrow we're restricting the number of Chinese students that are coming to the United States by a hundred thousand. They would go ballistic. And so would the universities who are using those and charging them 110% as a way of cash to subsidize a lot of the things they shouldn't be doing. So he, he levers, he could say that tomorrow that the Chinese cannot buy land in the United States, especially farmland within a vicinity of a military base.


He could really clamp down on patent copyright theft, military exchanges. Some of our allies have exchanges with China, which they appropriate American technology. So they think that we are completely dependent on them and we are in the short term. But on the long term, their entire growth has been predicated on American mag amenity. And they know that. And, and You know, getting back to Wall Street, we were told we were sold this Meghan by the Clinton administration, the George Bush administration, the Obama administration, that the more laxity and deference that you gave China, the more that they would rack up surpluses, become affluent, create a middle class consumer class, get plugged in, globalization, have their students in western universities, then they would liberalize and then they would become a constitutional society and join the family of nation.


That never happened. They used this asymmetrical relationship with Europe and us to make a lot of money, to build a lot of weapons, to bully and their enemies and create the silk, silk road belt and road mercantile empire and all is a way of dethroning the United States. So they have no goodwill among Americans and they're much more vulnerable than everybody thinks. We we're watching, You know, the, the usual suspects for the most part beat up on Trump. There are a few outliers, but what I am gleaning is that some of the people who are defecting from Trump on this plan are just giving him time to see how it works, are people who are extremely heavily invested in the market.


You know, it's like, okay, I get it. You're not his priority right now. He wants you to benefit too eventually, but right now he's doing something that he thinks long term could help the bottom half of the country. But they're not used to that. Victor, You know, we, I following Bill Ackman's, ex feeded and he actually, he had a post about you tr tweeting directly to you saying you, you made a compelling case for the tariff strategy, but that you had one issue incorrect. He claimed that that trump, he, he describes the Trump tariffs as reciprocal and proportional to these other nations and what they've assessed on us. In actuality, the Trump tariffs were set at levels substantially above and in many cases at, at a multiple of the counterparty countries tariff levels and goes on as Bill Ackman tends to do with a very, very long post Then.


Yeah, I don't, I don't think it's, it's the way you calibrate whether it's reciprocal or not. So I think that most of them are Reciprocal. Know what you mean? Yeah, well I know what you mean because I mean, there are some countries who, they don't have a tariff on our goods necessarily, but we're just not allowed to sell our cars there. They've, they've created such a, like a green scheme that keeps us out that it's might as well have European a hundred percent tariff. You know, we, we, I can tell you from agriculture, we dip chi chickens because we don't want people putting a a, a whole chicken on the counter for more than 24 hours. So we dip them in chlorine ginger water. European does not want, Europe's don't what they say, oh, we're gonna make a law chlorine's too deadly. Or the Australians say in 2003, one Canadian cow came across the border with mad cows, so we're gonna ban all beef.


And they did until 2019. And then even after that they made it difficult. All of that we can do in a round two. But I do think it's parody. I I live in a very poor community. I, and when I go to the supermarket, people will come up and talk mostly Mexican American people. And I can tell you that not one person the last week has mentioned the stock market. All they have talked about is trade. Trade and jobs, jobs, jobs. And these are the 50% who account for 1%, 50% of the country that accounts for 1% of the market capitalization value in Wall Street. But that's not the people who are reporting, that's not the people who are weighing in.


That's it. That's not the people who, and I think people, You know, and when you say reps, when they say reciprocity, that's what I was getting to earlier, the first thing they'll say is that they would say, I talked to four or five people and they said, is it true that Mexico has 170 billion trades? That's not fair. Is it true that Canada has 101? Yes. That's all people care about. They don't want to have inordinate, they don't want to be the bully. They do. They would either like zero tariffs or tip for Kat. And if Trump can stick to that, he will not only get a lot of foreign investment and change of attitude, but he will get the overwhelming support of the American people. Yeah. But if he gets into all of this stuff that we just talked about, which is valid and legitimate, but if he does it in round one, then people are gonna come well to Trump's, I think the Wall Street Journal runs almost every day.


Trump is lying or not reciprocal or that is a losing argument at this stage. Well, just to finish the point on Bill. So then by, by Sunday at 5:00 PM he called for a 90 day pause in the tariff. So first he was, okay, I disagree with Victor, a litter a little, but he said, we have to help Trump succeed. It's the least we can do. Then by Sunday at 5:00 PM the earlier exchange was Saturday, he called for a 90 day pause. We've gotta pause it, we've gotta pause it. The president's losing the confidence of business leaders around the globe. This is not what we voted for. Gotta call a timeout. Then he followed up by saying, if you haven't noticed by now, I speak the truth, regardless of the consequences to me personally or what other people think.


Then by Sunday night he was taking shots at Howard Lutnick saying, I just figured out why he's indifferent to the stock market and the economy crashing. He and Cantor Fitzgerald, which he runs are long bonds, meaning they profit when the economy implodes. It's a bad idea to pick a Secretary of Commerce whose firm is leveraged long fixed income, an irreconcilable conflict of interest by Monday morning. He was saying he had been unfair to Howard Lutnick. I don't think he's pursuing his self interest. I'm sure he is doing the best he can for the country. I'm just frustrated watching what I believe to be a major policy error. Okay, so what with all due respect to Bill, I mean I've seen this from quite a few very heavily invested people. They're, they're against this because they're watching their own fortune or the fortune of their company go up and down precipitously.


They, they see these massive falls and they wanna stop it. And I get that. But of course, You know, waiting it out long term and letting things settle is what every investment advisor tells you to do. But separate and apart from that, they, they don't understand that this isn't about helping the Bill Ackmans of the world. It just isn't. And Republicans in particular are used to a president who is devoted to helping their pocketbooks. It goes back to the wisdom of my nana who lived to be 101 and when she saw I was working at Fox News and I was saying certain things on certain policies and starting to sound more right wing, she said, Republicans, she goes, we're we're Republicans are for the rich.


We we're not rich, we're Democrats. Right. That's, that was my nana's wisdom born in 1915 and she wasn't wrong. And I think there's still a very large portion of the party that is used to that being the basic approach. Absolutely. When they're President, I grew up in a democratic, I I grew up in a democratic, all my siblings are Democrats and what I was told was the Republicans, all they care about are capital gains tax and privatizing social security. That's what I was told. Yep, yep. And Trump comes along and for the first time he has, it's not what he said, it's what he did. He recaptured the middle class. You look at every statistic data point from the 2024 election that he re redefined American politics.


The Democrats are the party of the professional and wealthy and the subsidized poor. And he just, he wiped out the Democrats in middle class voting. And that, and this is the reason why, and that's why he hasn't really, he hasn't taken a Wall Street hit of the same magnitude in his polls because as I said, 50% of the people won't have 1% of the value of the market. Well, On that point, on that point, here's, lemme just play the soundbite. It's for, it's Scott Bein our treasury secretary Yeah. Who sat down with Tucker last week and spoke to that a bit. Here it is. We have President Trump's previous term when everyone said none of this was gonna work. Yeah. Oh, the China tariffs are gonna do this.


They're gonna cause inflation. They didn't. The this is going to happen to working class, it's gonna be bad for working class Americans. Well guess what? Working class Americans that hourly workers did better than supervisory workers. The bottom 50% of households, their net worth increase faster than the top 10% of households. And look, I I'm not happy with, with what's going on in the market today, but the distribution of equities across households, the top 10% of Americans own 88% of equities, 88% of the stock market. The next 40% owns 12% of the stock market.


The bottom 50 has debt, they have credit card bills, they rent their homes, they have auto loans, and we've got to give them some relief. And that top 10% Victor, as you know, includes all of the Acela media, all these anchors on CNN all these op-ed writers for the Wall Street Journal, that's, those are the, in the 88%, they, they are the ones who own the market. Yeah. And, and because they're running around like a chicken with their head cut off. And as somebody who lived on a farm, I mean, chickens really do run off. It's something to see my youth. Oh Boy. And that's, this is why I use that metaphor.


'cause they remind me of when my grand Swedish grandfather would say, cut the chicken's head off and then see this thing flop around. Oh my God. And and that's what they're Yeah. And they've lost their mind is what I'm saying. And if they would just take a deep breath and they would just say, Hey, job growth shocked everybody. It was up a hundred thousand jobs that they said would not happen. The inflation rate is looking good. Oil prices are down, energy are down 10% on the foreign market. We, it looks like Iran is not going to be the disruptor that everybody said would happen. It looks like there is some pathway that, to Ukraine, a ceasefire, it looks like the Red Sea is navigable again, it looks like the southern border is calm.


It looks like we can deal with Canada and Mexico, even though they have these huge surpluses with us. It looks like if you look at Trump, what he's talking, extending tax cuts, deregulate, it looks like the first term in which the market went up 60%. They would just look at that and, and calm down. I I, I think I, I don't know what they're trying to do if they're trying to do a 2008 or 20 19 29 psychological meltdown, but they look ridiculous. They look ridiculous. And You know what's gonna happen if Trump cuts all of these deals, this investment, and you and I have this same conversation nine months from now and there's 4 trillion investment, all then they're going to say, I was with Trump the whole way.


I tried to calm people. It, it reminds me so much of all the people that swore that Christopher Steele was a genius or the, the laptop. They just knew it was cooked up in a Moscow headquarters or that Joe Biden was fit in the fiddle. Joe Scarborough, You know, I've seen this guy, he is never been better. And You know, I, I got a call on election night and they, from a, a very good journalist and said, oh, Victor I think collapsed this Des Moines poll is the most reliable, he is down three point. If he's down in a red state like Iowa, he's lost. And I said, this is bogus.


Just, he won that state by 12 points. So there that that class of this elite that owns stock, it's synonymous also with the people who follow every breath in the media and academia and the corporate boardroom and the legal community. But they're not, they're not the most, they're not Americans and not like most Americans is what I mean to say. The majority of Americans don't think like they do. And I'm not making fun of them. I'm just saying they get touchy, they get edgy, they get I impulse. They're kind of, I don't know what the word is, But I, I drive over to the coast, You know, each week and the Stanford campus and by the time I'm there 48 hours and I come back to central rural agricultural, California, central Valley, it's like, wow, I just went to Mars and I'm now back on earth because they they're not representative of most People.


I know what you mean. No, I think about it all the time because now of course I've been in media for a long time and we have some nice trappings surrounding us as a family. But we used to live in this three bedroom duplex that was in an okay area of town in this small little town in Westchester, You know, no, like a one car garage. It was fine. I'm not saying we were poor, But we were, we didn't have a lot of money, that's for sure. And we were absolutely happy. We were so happy as a family. And we drive by that all the time, all the time. And our kids remember living in that house when they were toddlers. And I always say like, you remember what life was like there.


You don't need all this money. You don't need a swimming pool, you don't need this stuff in order to live a really happy life. You need family, you need friends, you need something ideally that occupies your time on a daily basis that makes you feel like you're contributing to society. But I don't, I just, I can't help but feel that there's an underlying, like missing value here in the rush to condemn his plan by this so-called elites. It's like, could you just hold on and come to terms with a moment? Like what if, what if you did have a massive wipe out on Wall Street that didn't rebound? I don't believe for a minute that Trump will leave it there. He too loves wealth. He loves wealth, he loves rich people.


He surrounds himself with rich people because he so admires them and what they, there's no way he's gonna tell the rich ba base, you're screwed. But like, let's just imagine a world in which they do get a little screwed and they actually lose a fair amount of money and the lower half of the country rises up. I just think there's like this piece of the people covering this, the ones who are having the meltdowns that cannot imagine a life without their immense wealth. Well, I, I mean I, I can give you examples. I, I have, I live in 150 year old house that was falling apart. So I had, You know, people work on it to re so Juan was one of the electricians.


He had long covid, he could hardly walk. I said, Juan, how long have you been working? He said, I never took a day off. I can't, he was a, he was an a, a genius when you looked at this old house, how he figured out circuit the panels and everything. And then there was Jose and he was a painter. And I said, you don't look good today. He said, I have a kidney infection, I have to go up for injections that you see every weekend. And I said, how do you take the fumes? The fumes must add to your kid? You could what? He said, what is, what is my, what's my alternative? And he said, I I, I have a mortgage on my house. I have car payments, California I can't even afford, You know, five 50 for diesel. The, that's what everybody goes through and they're not melting down right now.


And You know what else? The people who are melting down did not melt down when whole towns were wiped out. They didn't care because they were offshoring and outsourcing and getting returns on investments that were beyond their wildest dreams. When the legal class, the academic class, the investor class, the corporate class, the media class woke up in the seventies and eighties and said, oh my God, the market is not 280 million Americans for my skills. There's 7 billion consumers and I have a skillset, or I have a service or I have goods or I have the know-how to capture that 7 billion. But as far as those muscular classes that assemble, manufacture, farm, mineral, whatever, well we have a special vocabulary for them.


As Joe Biden said, you go down on a mine, we close it, you'll learn how to code or program Hillary. Oh, You know, coal's off it, You know, we're gonna put you in the mine out of business. Okay. And then we had that language of disparagement for the same people. But now they were tagged with Trump. They were deplorable, they were irredeemable for Obama, they were clingers for Biden, they were trumps, they were drags and garbage. So that's who they are. And I'm not just saying this to say it's okay to see the, the market go down. I think the market is going to settle down. I think it's going to digest this.


And if these countries start to come in and think, I gotta come in before I'm the left out and Trump is wise enough to take the deal that results in either a no tariff or semi reciprocal and not worry, as I said earlier about the past or, and then just says, we're gonna discuss the issue about health or gimmicks and bad later, this co this economy is gonna tick off. I think interest rates are already gonna go down and he's Right. Exactly. Trump's pushing for that. He, He's going to, it's going to be my only worry is that there's gonna be something like a Chinese bio weapon or a Covid 2.0 or something.


But I think he's got enough people around him that are brilliant and they are determined and they're, they're addressing all at once budget deficits, trade deficits, long-term debt. And it, it, it's something to watch. I'll Tell you what here, here's, here's a little bit of comfort for all the people who are part of the Sela media and the 1% and all that Trump, there were some grumblings out of the Trump White House that he might raise taxes on the rich or at least let them raise. In other words, when the Trump tax cuts expire later this year, he is expected through reconciliation to put them back into place for people.


And there was some talk that maybe he would exclude the richest Americans from that in order to pay for his no taxes on tips promise and his no taxes on Social Security promise. And I don't know whether that, whether he's gonna do that or not, But I would say if the market continues to bathe in uncertainty and volatility between now and then, you, you have a much higher chance of Trump not letting your tax cuts expire as a rich person. Because he is just not, he's not going to completely thumb the middle finger at the, You know, wealthier half of his base. He's just not, it's, that's his whole family. It's every single friend he has, it's him. And he hates taxes and he hates paying the government for things.


So it's like, just let's use our heads. Take a deep breath, calm down. Okay. And that applies triple to the leftists victor, because not only are they lamenting what's happening with the stock market, even though they were pro tariff, their whole lives long, the left has been pro tariff for a long, long time. There's a, there's a soundbite of Nancy Pelosi from 1996 making their rounds. I don know if you've seen it, but she's totally pro tariff. Actually we have it here it is. How far does China have to go? How much more repression, how big a trade deficit and la loss of jobs for the American worker and how much more dangerous proliferation has to exist before members of this House of Representatives will say, I will not endorse the status quo.


Right now we have a $34 billion trade deficit for with China, the 19 99 95 figure, it will be over $40 billion for 1996 that the average US MFN tariff on Chinese goods coming into the United States is 2%. Whereas the average Chinese ta, MFM tariff on US goods going into China is 35%. Is that reciprocal? The US allows China to flood our markets with 30 a third of their exports, By the way. So she said it was a 34, 30 $4 billion trade deficit. Then now it's like 250 billion. I think Trump should really call her up and ask she if he can hire her and she can do that again and update it.


She was really good. Can Explain to people. Yeah, I just, The left is suddenly Richter, they're, they're all about free trade. The left suddenly all about free trade. They don't like tariffs now because it's Trump's plan. And of course they don't like Trump and they don't like Elon and they're having like severe meltdowns coast to coast, not only in the protests that we saw over this weekend completely AstroTurf, right? Like hands off, what does it even mean? I don't even know what it means. Hands off, I guess they don't want Elon doing anything. No, no cutting government waste, no finding efficiencies, none of that. And then we get this, the Federalist producing a survey, it was done by the network of contagion Research Institute, NCRI, in partnership with Rutgers University that finds 55% of self-identified leftists, say killing Trump is justifiable.


They go on to say that this is about something more than just the desire to kill Trump. There is a broader assassination culture that appears to be emerging within segments of the US public. On the extreme left quote, these attitudes are not fringe. They reflect an emergent assassinating assassination culture grounded in far left authoritarianism and increasingly normalized in digital discourse. The reports found widespread justification for lethal violence, including assassination among younger, highly online and ideologically left aligned users.


The report points to disturbingly high levels of support for political violence, particularly against Trump and Elon Musk. Your thoughts on that? Well, I don't want to be accusatory, but when you have the President United States telling donors that they gotta put a bullseye on Trump as Biden did, or you've got people like Jasmine Crockett saying they've gotta take right in the middle of all this hysteria, take Elon down. Or even back earlier when Chuck Schumer led a throng of abortion protestors to the gates of the Supreme Court while it was in session and said, Gorsuch, Kavanaugh, you reap the wind, you're gonna reap the whirlwind.


You're not gonna know what's gonna hit you. Then you, and you mainstream it and then you look at the le recent act of violence, the ideological rans such as they were of the two foiled, assassins plus the Steve Scalise shooting and the trans thing. All you're getting the impression that a lot of really stu crazy people on the fringes believe that if they were to come out and commit violence against Trump or Elon or some major person like that, they wouldn't be ostracized. They would be canonized. And that is a very dangerous narcotic. If they that language of our elite, they've gotta stop it.


And we're already, You know this. If, if anybody on the right on January 6th had started a key, let's say a Mercedes or something around the Capitol, they would've gone, they would be in jail today. And, and the swatting, You know, I was gone and I've lived here my whole life and I've never had more than one county sheriff come out. Three county sheriffs came out when I was gone. My wife was here alone. She was terrified. They came out, they were armed, they went through the whole property. We have 40 acres. So you were swatted and they were worried. Yes, they were worried because somebody they said had called up and said that there was a armed danger here.


And they do that for every, they do that a lot. Yeah, it's Happened and it's so conservative. Start getting email the last seven or eight months and it's not, you're an idiot. I thank you. It's be careful if I ever see you and that kind of email and a lot of people are getting that and all of that is this climate that we have no, in the, in the left wing mind, we don't have the house, we don't have the Senate, we don't have the White House, we don't have the Supreme Court. We lost the popular vote. The electoral, all the issues that we're for are only 20%. He, the Trump people are on the right side of 70, 80% of all these issues. So what are we gonna do?


We're gonna go take to the street. We're going to swat, we're going to demonstrate we're going to, we're gonna have a few nuts that'll take out a United Health executive or stuff. It's really Fire bomb Tesla's. Exactly. It's been encouraged by, there hasn't really been one major democratic politician who got up and said, this is horrible what you guys are doing to Tesla. Instead, you have people like Tim Waltz that looks at and brags that he's driving down the value of his own public portfolio as you know, governor of Minnesota by Tesla stock dropping.


So It's, it's outrageous. Got Done. They could stop it if they want it. Let me give you the numbers. They say those who identified, who self-identified as left of center, 48% say they can see at that. It's at least somewhat justified to murder. Elon Musk, 55% said the same about murdering President Trump. 55% of those who simply identify as left of center think it is somewhat justified to murder Donald Trump. 55. That's sick. There's something deeply wrong inside the Democrat party.


This is not how Republicans talked about Joe Biden. Certainly not 55% of the Republican party would be out there justifying murder. It's, it's, there's something wrong. There's a sickness, there's a cancerous illness bubbling up inside of their party. The, these, You know, the, the assassination attempts on Trump, the burning of the Tesla facilities, the firebombing of the charging stations, it, they're not one-offs. The praise of Lui, Mangione, Luigi Mangione, it's all connected. This is not the, there's a theme because it is thematic in describing the left today, I have to take a quick break. There's so much more with VDH and we'll pick it up right after this.


Let's talk about that car you own, but don't use the one you're paying to keep registered and insured. That's just sitting out there taking up space out front and it's not doing anybody any good. You have a choice. You can give cars for kids. That's cars with AKA call and have them take care of it for you. Just give them the info and they will come to you as soon as the next day and take that car off your hands at no cost to you. Even better, they will turn that car into funds to help children. So visit cars with a K for kids.org/ MK. That's cars with a K and then the number four to donate or just call cars for kids directly at 1 8, 7, 7 cars for kids and they will get that car picked up quickly. Plus you can get a tax deduction and a vacation voucher. These guys have been around for 30 years. You've seen the ads, right? They've done this over a million times. Call now or head on over to cars, KARS, the numeral four, and then kids.org/ MK right now to get this done. Cars for kids.org/ MK. That's cars with a K.


Welcome back to the Megan Kelly show. On Friday night, we receive more than 1000 pages of writings by the Nashville School shooter chilling journals that local officials in Nashville did not want you to see. The FBI sent the files to the Megan Kelly show as well as to Congress on the heels of a report from the Metropolitan Nashville Police Department last week. That was severely lacking. Our team reviewed the documents created by the perpetrator of the March, 2023 shooting that tragically took the lives of three children and three adults. The three children were third graders, age nine. The documents provide clear insight into the depraved mind of this killer critical context that was excluded from the 48 page report released last week, and that has been withheld from the public for two years.


At one point, about a year plus ago, Stephen Crowder got his hands on three pages, which was great. It was something three pages out of a thousand they have been withholding for years saying it's somehow too much for us to see. See, we've seen every other shooter's manifesto, rantings writings. Why not This one? We here at the Megan Kelly show do not name school shooters, but due to the nature of this news, we will mention that the shooters given birth first name is Audrey. However, in the years leading up to the horrific act, she instead by went by the name Aiden and used he him pronouns. On our am update show this morning, that's another show we're doing now.


It's 15 minute news update for you in the mornings. You can get it on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly or our podcast feed. We delved into some of the writings and we will continue here. We'll repeat a couple, But we will add, because the report from the Nashville Police barely touched on the full scope and breadth of what was contained. The killer's struggles with her gender, her obsession with gender identity, alarming racial animus toward herself as a white person and how those factors contributed to the act that she committed that day. Why do you think they excluded all of this? Why are those two things too hot to touch?


The families of the victims do not wish for this information to be made public. We understand that, But we are sharing a sampling of necessary context omitted by the Nashville Police, and that has been hidden for far too long from the public. The public has a right to know as a matter of safety and preventing more of these. The FBI has given us permission to say what is written, but not to show the actual documents. The journals contain many pages expressing the shooter's belief that she is a man and was born in the wrong body. In one entry dated April 12th, 2022. This is a year before the shooting titled Let Kids Choose Their Sex.


The Killer writes quote, how dare God hand me a training bra? When I didn't know WTF, it was, as a kid, I hated it much more. I'd like to dispose my vagina. We should all choose our, our gender. And to keep in mind, as you hear just these samplings, I'm gonna read you that what the Nashville Police represented was that her trans ideology, her gender confusion, had absolutely nothing to do with the horrific act she took from how do you, why? How do you glean that this stuff is all over her writings? She's clearly deeply disturbed by it, but somehow that's the part you can excise from her motivation wrong in another. She writes, quote, how does it feel to grow up the gender you were born with and are comfortable and happy with?


Well, I don't know that feeling. I never did use senseless people that you don't know. WTF comes out of your mouth telling me, I'm female. Female pronouns make me feel like I wanna die. Especially called woman. I never was ever, I hate being in a woman's body need to die. But I said nothing to do with the act she took at Covenant School. In an entry mark June 6th, 2021, the killer writes quote, Eric and Dylan, that's a reference to the Columbine. Killers were gods. All those little dumb shits in other school shootings during the 1990s were not Gods just cowards. Even if maybe they had a reason, they left it a mystery. I realized that after knowing Columbine, I immediately became attached to it.


Not just the notorious outcome, but the proceeding evidence leading up to it. I feel I am the reincarnation of Dylan Cleal. My thoughts of depression are forever linked to his and my experience as well. In a diary entry shortly after that, the killer writes about how epic it would have been if she had shot up her own high school, kill all the white kids, kill my own race. F yes, destroy all the white people who are teachers. Let all the black kids go. Unless if I don't like you. About a month later, the killer writing several pages about why black pain is different from quote, white pain quote, black people were given fate, given nothing. While white people get power in the White House, have all the privileges, even to white people like me, white people are born with privileges.


Black people aren't. Black people always had to earn, earn and fight for their needs and wants. It was like that in history. It's like that now. The killer goes on. Being white sucks, but being black is so cool. Black people should rule, white people should fall. Every white person who lived and died, I hate you all July of 2022, the killer writes about wanting another therapy session, but not having the money. Quote, I need to have another session with my therapist. I need her. It's been two months. I don't deny needing help. I loathe the reality of my fate as an autistic dependent 27-year-old. Later on in the journal, three pages that appear to have been printed and affixed into the journal titled In All caps, I Hate The American People.


The Killer Writing America was doomed from the very beginning. Quote, America started with slavery and white people ruling land. Black people were objects and owned by white landowners and farmers. From the start of July 4th, 1776. There are no African American rights. Slavery is still happening. It goes on. Government agencies have all the freedom. White people who wanna take away instead of adding more, what do you call that? America's not the land of the free it's a land full of idiots. It will only get worse in this country. Not near enough. Gods like me, America. And its people all destined to soon be destroyed. The entry sign quote, I hate you all, Aiden.


The journals outline more ideas about how animals are better than people about how she hates life. She hates money and a wishlist for the day of the attack involving hopes of quote, lots of blood, lots of victims, 20 plus dead sick, sick stuff back with me. Now, Victor Davis Hanson, I'm sorry Victor, but nothing, nothing in there makes it too dangerous to release. This is apart from the fact that it's completely in line in the ways that I just read with what leftist schools and leftist thought is pushing right now in American children.


There's nothing especially controversial about this versus manifestos we've seen in other cases. So why wasn't this released for two years, either by the local authorities in Nashville or by the FBI, under Joe Biden. And why? When the Nashville cops finally released some 48 page summary of the thousand pages last week, did they specifically dissect the gender ideology as not, not a causal relationship with the act she committed? Not, not the gender, not the race craziness she'd suffered. This wasn't a racial crime, But I'm just saying all the convenient sicknesses get excised as the reasons, And it took Trump's FBI to submit this thing to us and also to Congress for us to have a clear airing of what was behind this woman's sickness sick mind.


And what caused her to do this horrendous act. Yeah, I mean, why wasn't it released? Because under the Obama and Biden administration's, and even earlier, they established this principle that there's a binary, that it's kind of a neo-Marxist binary, and on one side are oppressors and on one side are oppressed. And once you find yourself self-declared on the oppressed side, then they feel that there's opportunities lack exemptions that are accorded to you. Sometimes they're at the university and they're trivial, You know, you get a safe space, you get to pick you, the race of your, your roommate, you get a special graduation.


But then there's been a movement. We see it in the UK a lot, that penalties, and we see it in San Francisco, fines will be predicated on sexual orientation, gender, race. So this person, I shouldn't say this person, the people who dealt with this case were aware of that and they felt that they would not release the stuff because she was part of this protected group. And if you were to attack this prep, not even attack it, if you were to treat this special person who has exemptions the way you would any other person, then the powers that be would come down on you. And they've created this climate of fear.


The other thing about it is everything she said, you can find in either the school of Education or the general campus, I could go into the Stanford bookstore and look at what is assigned and pull out a book within five seconds that had every one of those tropes. She talked about evil white people, black people are still slaves, et cetera, et cetera, that is inculcated and absorbed, not just on the campus, but it drifts off in all these different ways. That's where our teachers are taught in the schools of education. This student probably had a class with one of those types of teachers, or the general night classes, commu.


It's not just Harvard, Yale, Stanford. It permeates the community college, the high school, the K through, You know, a every, Can I just jump in there? Can I just jump in there? Yeah. Because I read this before, but my friend's son, elementary school son, I think he was in fourth grade when this was written. It could be third, third or fourth. And she pulled him from the school, And it was the same school we pulled our kids from, but he was asked to write something up in school. And the question was, what would you teach people about, I guess if you could teach?


And he wrote the following, it's, it's short. The event I would teach people about is slavery. The reason I think it's important to teach people about this event is so then we can see that America was built on black people, not on whites behind the scenes. It's all black. The reason we have picked crops, built houses and America is because black people did it all. The only thing white people did was take credit for the work they didn't do. As a white person, I stand with black people all the way. This, this is a sweet boy. And he has absolutely no animus at all inside of him. But they're curating it. They're, he's clearly been spoonfed this same diet.


And he had loving parents who said, oh no, you don't. And and he knows there's two themes he also is aware of or he reflects. One is that he will be rewarded in some ways for mouthing or repeating this orthodoxy. And second, he's ignorant. So when he talks about white this, he has no idea what the Battle of Shiloh was, or Gettysburg. Yeah. Or 700,000 people were wiped out over the question of slavery. He has no idea what it was like on Okinawa or what it was like on Iwo Jima or at the Bulge where people died to give this country its preserve, its freedom.


And this self-critical, always reexamining nature of the United States. He has no idea of that. He has no idea. I can tell you that for 20 years at a state college as a professor, when I wanted to send a student to graduate school from a kind of a state college that didn't have a great reputation, the calls that I would get from the com admissions committee in law, in medicine, in PhD programs is, do you have anybody who is African American or Hispanic? And I, I did a lot because I was in a minority community, but if I had a white male, they would say, don't even, we do not want a white male from Cal State Fresno that I, I had that.


I'm not saying that that balances out anything but the last 50 years, this, since the civil rights movement took a different direction, we have had institutionalized and exempt biases and prejudice and seta asides to try to level the playing field, et cetera, et cetera. And they just forget all of that and your ignorance. That's why we have people that do these things. Nobody ever cross them. They're narcissistic. And I, I hate to say it, they're arrogant because they don't ever feel that they have to hear a opposite point of view or they're too lazy to go out and just pick up any book in the library that would give them a different take on things.


And they're Filling these, these kids' heads with hate. This Audrey's head was filled with hate. Yeah. Self-loathing, loathing of her country, loathing of her race, loathing of her gender. I mean, it, it was severe. And while she did wind up going to see a her therapist there, you heard a reference to it. And the mother urged the therapist to see her, and they came up with a plan to take away her guns because she was obsessing over killing her own father. She wound up going and getting a gun anyway. And that's what she used to kill all these poor little students and their teachers in Nashville, Tennessee.


And I, You know, I asked my self, why would the Nashville police officers be trying to scrub the record for us? You know, like I, I kind of get Biden's FBI, But I don't really get, but You know, Kamala Harris won Nashville. Nashville just 'cause it's in Tennessee doesn't make it right wing or Republican. It's not. And no, You know, I think there is a, there's probably somewhat of a shared instinct to take out the most incendiary social hot buttons from the full explanation of what was in this person's head. You know what, maybe, maybe in in some people's minds, it, they're totally unrelated. I don't see how you make that argument.


But the point is, it's not for the Nashville Police to scrub the record of the evidence of what she was obsessing over before she took the lives of six innocence. That is not okay. That that's not what we've been doing in these school shootings. And I say good for Trump's FBI for being honest, while trying to be respectful of the families. They didn't blast it everywhere. But, But we have to have an honest account of when these things happen. Well, I mean, all of the rewards, psychological and career rewards are on one side and everybody makes the necessary adjustments anywhere geographically in Los Angeles. Why would a black fire woman say that if she goes into a burning house and sees a white male and she's supposed to pick him up and maybe cannot, then it's his fault for being in the wrong place.


That would get you fired anywhere, but that would get you resonance or maybe promoted. And the whole thing about, if you look at the autopsy of the la fire from the public works person to the assistant fire chief to the regular fire chief, to the mayor, to the deputy mayor, everybody was freelancing in creative ways to try to think up of a DEI woke angle that would draw attention to themselves and be self-congratulation, congratulatory performance art, and lead to career enhancement. And that's the landscape we created. And everybody, according to their station, tries to fit in. And, and we see it everywhere. And it that it's illiberal, that it's contrary to the constitution, that it's contrary to the, to the whole enlightenment.


Nobody cares. They're ignorant. And that's what we're Dealing with. It's all on with the list. The self hatred, the white hatred, the hatred of country. It's just, it's it's all there. It's all there. Yeah. I appreciate you walking through it with me. And again, to the listening audience, you can check out the am update for other recitations. It is not, as I pointed out on that show, our habit to read manifestos of these school shooters. I take no joy in repeating their thoughts and their, they're crazed musings. But given what's been done in this case and how it, it's not available anywhere else, I felt we had no choice. And it was the last responsible move to, to make on this.


Anyway, moving on, the many of the same people who went through those types of adult educations or K through 12, even if they're younger, we're out on the streets this weekend in protest of, I don't, I really understand, to be honest. It's like the Cory Booker speech. No one really knows what exactly they're protesting. Just they want you to know they're angry and hands off, which seems like a better slogan for the me too movement than whatever this hit. What do you mean hands off? What she's wearing the Statue of Liberty outfit? Or is that a he Forgive me madam. It's difficult to tell. And there was plenty of that weird mania on the streets at these protests too.


Victor, I'm gonna give you one that has it all. Here's a taste of what we heard from these. I don't how many groups, 150 groups at various protests, the hands off protests this weekend. Take a listen to SAT eight. I am black, I am Filipino, Japanese, second generation. I'm I, and I'm a disabled trans man, but I'm also a Medicaid patient. Oh God. I'm also a person who uses food stamps. I'm also a person who has been through houselessness in this country. I am also a person who has gone through substance use and addiction. And most of all, I'm, I am a patient of Planned Parenthood.


Oh my lord, what I am, everything that Donald Trump and Elon Musk want to erase, I'm gluten free. I said I was. She, I mean, she hit it all. Yeah. What the thing about all of 'em is they never present any evidence. So she says, I am everything he wants to erase. And this is what he said, and this is what he did. That proves my point. It says, same thing with a, not Donald Trump is a fascist. Chris Matthews the other day was saying, no, he's mu just tell us exactly what he's done and if it's any different than any other president, and then make your case.


And You know, I was always taught by my fifth grade composition teacher that when you're writing or speaking, she would say, now, Victor, remember to limit the first person I to one or two times. All these people have one thing in common. She says, I am, I am, I am, I am. It wasn't about the, it wasn't about the message, it was about me, me, me. And that's something that we, we forget sometimes. This entire therapeutic left wing movement is predicated on narcissism. And I, my, I don't really care what their stories are. I want to hear their ideas and their arguments and whether they'll stand antithesis. And, and, but that's always about me, me, me, me when I was the prairie.


Let Me give you one more. This person's playing right into your hands. Watch this. This is from the DC rally. Seven. My name is Martinez Rosa. I am an immigrant. I am undocumented. Weird. I'm ashamed. I, I I And all of the proper boxes are checked. You're exactly right. What, what would be so hard to say? I came here illegally. I have mastered the English language. I'm obviously have some means. And I took a couple of weeks and filled out some form, some forms and got a green card.


And then I decided I wanted to get citizenship. And I applied for it. What is so hard about that? Instead of just saying, I came to the country, I found out I was the illegal. I didn't do anything about it. And if anybody wants to enforce the law of my host, then, then blada. But again, it's this arrogance. It's all about me, me, me and what I have to do and what you have to do for me. And a lot of people who listen to that just say, I don't have to do anything for you. I follow the law. I can't pick and choose to say, You know what? I am Victor Hansen and I have had this happen to me and I had that happen. And I don't have to go 60 miles an hour and a 50 mile hour zone. I can just do what I want. And that's what people are tired of.


It's this therapeutic narcissistic self infatuation. The meltdown though about Trump's alleged excesses, Elon's a different story. You know, we'll see. But the, the Trump alleged successes are interesting to me. They're interesting to me because people who you and I both know and like are joining in on some of that, You know, you're all pals. And, and my pals two at National Review have been very critical of Trump the deportations, taking people to the El Salvadorian prison, his crackdown on a couple of law firms saying, You know what, you're no longer, well, the federal government doesn't wanna do business with you.


Perkins Coie, you who unleashed through Hillary campaign spying and Russiagate on me. I don't actually think the federal government should be doing business with you. And same for you. Paul Weiss, who rushed to hire the one guy who's, who made it, his mission to prosecute me when he worked for Alvin Bragg. And when Alvin Bragg wouldn't prosecute me, wrote a whole book about how I should be prosecuted. And ultimately Tisch James took up the mantle and sued me and, and got an award for $500 million bankrupting or threatening to my company. Trump said, You know what? I don't think the the federal government should be in business with these two particular law firms. Well, my friends in National Review, who are honest brokers, wrote very, very critical pieces saying, that's basically a bill of attainder and that, You know, we're shipping off people without to a, to a jail without having them tried and convicted on criminal charges.


And so that's what they're talking about. They, this is fascism. This is not us. And this guy, I don't lump in with the National Review crew, but he is a lawyer. He is definitely a Trump hater. And he is starting to lose it over in the case of Paul Weiss at one of those law firms, they bet the need of Trump and said, we'll do whatever you want us to do. Please don't do this to us. And Trump got his way, and half of Paul Weiss is just apoplectic. Now, they're very sad. Paul Weiss, one of the founding partners, two grandchildren, wrote this scathing letter like our grandpa would never have wanted this shame on you. And here is George Conway, formerly married to Kellyann Conway, and a respected lawyer along with Sarah Longwell, who I believe is also a le a lawyer, and his partner on his podcast talking about the legal profession.


And Trump sought two. When I read that letter, I was just, I, I was really, I was just moved by it. 'cause it really conveyed everything. People want to stand up for something. And, and I wanted, and I, I wanted them to know swiping people were listening to them. And it was good to know that people were listening to us, we're all in this together. And this is a fight for so much more than part profits for partner. This is a fight for democracy. This is a fight for the rule of law. And some people just don't give a shit. And that makes me angry.


You know, you join the legal profession and they hit you with, I have a lot of really good friends who are lawyers. They hit you with a lot of, like, this is a revered profession. You have a real role that you play in society. Yeah. There are these invisible lines that you help maintain for the Constitution. No. And, and then to have everybody just act then, like, it doesn't matter at all. Friends is Bizarre Spouses, You know, it's, it hurts Literally in tears. But I heard none of that. When they unleash the law fair campaign against Trump, victor, those norms don't count When we're summing up the norm Breaking, I would ask Mr.


Conway, why do you think that on November 18th, 2023, things happened simultaneously, Nathan Way the Paramore hit LED lead prosecutor, Fannie Willis' Circus was in the White House talking with the White House counsel and billing him the hours the same day Michaelangelo left the DOJ under Merrick Garland. What? And he had come there from working with Latta James, he left to go to work for Alvin Bragg. And third, on that same day, Joe Biden had Merrick Garland appoint Jack Smith, the federal prosecutor. And why did they do that?


Because they knew Donald Trump was going to announce his candidacy to run again. That happened all the time. Ev all of that was law fair. And Joe Biden would was on record saying why didn't, why wasn't he indicted after he left office? He said he had a regret about Merrick Garland because he didn't go after Jack Smith. Jack Smith didn't go after soon enough. Everybody knows that. They know the whole thing that they, they staged the whole Mar-a-Lago raid to get a hundred files out of taking 13,000 of them. And it was 0.008%. And they brought little tags to, to do it. And they messed it up and took a, an arranged photograph.


25 states tried to take him off the ballot and, and they knew that was illegal. Kevin Kleinsmith, one of the lawyers in the entire Russian collusion, FFBI law, doctored and forged a document. And he went before the, one of the judges involved in all of these. And he got just nothing, no sentence at all compared to what the people who were, You know, parading around Nonviolently on January 6th. So the whole legal system has been weaponized. Everybody knows that. And Donald Trump says, we're not gonna do business with Perkins Coie. It's because they volunteered to be a paywall so that Hillary Clinton could get dirt on Donald Trump.


So she had to went through the DNC and then the DNC went through Perkins Coie, and then they went through Fusion GPS, and then they hired Christopher Steele to make up 99% of that. And all Trump is saying that each one of you are culpable. And I wish a national Review would just say, why are those 51 intelligence authorities that lied Brennan, clapper Panetta, who were the architects of it, along with Anthony Blinken and Mike Morrell. Why don't they just say what happened to 'em? They pulled one of the greatest hoax right before the debate to arm Joe Biden with a lie. And they probably influenced some of the voting.


10 days later, nothing happened to them. Nothing. So all we saw the last four years was a concentrated, and often you connected legal, legal to warp the law, warp the law. And if Donald Trump had just said, You know what? I'm tired, I'm not gonna run for office. Or if he had not been the candidate, it would not have happened. It was all aimed at one person of their hatred. And they thought that they had the moral and legal right to use a law for their own political purposes, and there would be no consequences. And so far there hasn't been until Trump says, You know what? I'm not going to do business with you who abused your ethical and legal responsibilities.


Right? I don't know. It's like Trump trump's not trying to throw these guys in jail. Trump's saying, no, these don't seem like respectable law firms to me. One saw a man who tried to throw me in jail unjustly and said, that's the guy for us. Let's hire, let's run and hire him. That's one of the things that Paul Weiss did. And it, so they made this bed themselves. I mean, Paul Weiss is a very political firm. It's full of Democrats. They decided to get political. They understood that they might alienate someone like Donald Trump. They just didn't bank on him becoming president again and having power. And so I don't see anything wrong whatsoever with what Trump is doing to them. And I think they did the right thing in caving.


And who gives two figs what the granddaughters of the founder thinks. They don't have to save the firm, that the head of the firm has to save the firm and save the client base and of course, save their fat cat salaries and their private school tuitions that they're paying. Like he has to be practical about this because they made some very bad decisions prior to the moment Donald Trump did that. But George Conway will not cry about any of that. He will not cry about the weaponization against Donald Trump because he was for it. So He was part Of it spare And mean what's even, right. He was, what's even wor part worse is the bill of the, when the, when the national view calls Bill of Attainder, there's only two examples that are clear cut. The New York State legislature passed with its democratic majority a law that said, after Donald Trump was being investigated for returns, and they passed a law that said, anybody who is being investigated currently for their tax account, we will turn over his state return commission.


Then they passed. When Eugene Carroll came forward and had all of those fantasies and fables at the first ruling, it said, these are way past 30 years past the statute. And You know what? The same legislature passed a bill. It said for the next 12 months, anybody who claims that they have a, that they were sexually assaulted has one year to file charges no matter how long ago. There is no statute of limit that was aimed at Donald Trump. And they admitted to us Both, both of them. And by the way, a bill of Attainder is where you, like a governmental body declares somebody guilty without a trial. Yes. There is no question that these two law firms did the things that Trump believes they did.


It is not, it's not a mystery. It's not even something in dispute that the hiring of this employee either happened or didn't happen. It did happen. It's knowable. Perkins COE's role in Russiagate is very well documented up and down the record that it's, it's known there's no need for a trial. But it isn't It, it's not, it isn't even, And it iss not guilt as a criminal matter either. Go ahead Victor, But it's not even a law. A bill of Attainder says that you see, you post facto create and pass through the legislator a particular piece of legislation to go after what somebody did in the past. He's not doing any of that. He's just saying, I have choices to use all different types of law firms and I just don't want to use those because I feel they're unethical.


It's not like the New York legislature deliberately thinking Donald Trump can, he's now under investigation in two different, we are going to change the law to go after him for something he's already done. And that's what they did. And nobody at the National Review, where I worked for 21 years said a word and what do You, well, I mean they've, they, I love National Review. I just want them to be a lot more Fair balance. I like the National Review. You, you can have The B piece, But I definitely have a bash piece. That's fine. But at a place like NR we expect there to be a, a piece on the other side defend like half of the Republican party is MAGA or loyal to Trump, and then they're the establishment types and what, You know, you can't just have, thankfully they did get John Yu on there recently to defend some of the Trump immigration actions, but they've been extremely hard on Trump with the tariffs and the immigration.


And I did wanna ask you what you thought about the lawfare victor. I mean, it's every day just now, just as we were coming to air, we got this, the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, I believe it was an on bunk panel, meaning all of them came and sat. They basically said these two leaders of federal boards who were fired by Trump, one was on the NLRB and one was on something called a Merit Systems Protection Board. He fired them, they were appointed by Biden and they sued saying, you, you don't have the power to fire us. And long story short, Trump, he just lost the DC Circuit Court of Appeals on Banc said, you didn't have the power to do this.


The Supreme Court's gonna have to decide, and this is, this too is getting funneled up to the Supreme Court. So every single thing, he's every single executive order, they're trying to stop it dead in its tracks. Victor, by clogging it up Yeah. In Lawfare. Yeah, they, they filed more in the first month than they did than all lawyers did in the four years of the Biden terms. So you have about three to four of these 750 district judges, and they are the refined version of the Tesla stuff. The disrupting the joint session of Congress. If you're Al Green or the antics of making videos with smut, mouth threats, kickbox, all of that stuff is the street theater.


And then the other side is this stuff cherry picking Obama or Biden appointed judges to delay, delay, delay and then hope that you can, as it Robert Mueller did eat up a year or two years of the Trump term fighting, fighting, fighting. All this. The weird thing is that we saw that in almost all these cases, these liberal judges, they kind of mirror image the law fair that went out, just as we saw in Garron was very biased. We saw that Marshawn's daughter kind of drifted off her father. She was a Democratic consultant. And You know, for Judge Furman, I think his brother was a, a advisor, an economic advisor to the Biden administration.


I think Judge Bosberg has people in his family that are in very left wing activist groups. The more that they can ha can establish, these judges can establish that they're very left wing. Either they're familiar relationships are themselves, the more they're likely to be picked out. And now they've gone, it's all gone to their head. And some of them are more powerful than the National Security Advisor, the Secretary of State. They are exercising US national security policy right now. They are determining what a present can do vis-a-vis relations with foreign countries even. And it's gone to their head and they really have an impression of themself that's not warranted.


And it won't stop until Justice Roberts and the Supreme Court say, this is enough. And if they don't stop it, these people on the left never realize that it can be done to them just as easily. And the Republicans did it a little bit. Yeah, but it's, it's kinda like the filibuster when the, when they were in the majority, they said that the filibuster was a racist relic. That's what Obama said. And then when they were in the minority, he, he, he filibuster Judge Alitos appointment that they don't have a consistent philosophy really, other than whatever the right does, we're going to oppose and make the necessary adjustments to fit the fit the the case.


Yeah. The Supreme Court, they is going to have to shore up and take these cases on and take them on so that we can get faster governing underway. They cannot just be this black hole where cases go to die along with the entire Trump agenda. So sooner or later they're gonna have to take 'em on and they're gonna have to decide them, and it's gonna have to be done at a more expedited pace. Even Judge Henderson from the DC Circuit Court of Appeals said that in the opinion she authored in this case, like it's gotta be taken up by the Supreme Court and the sooner the better, like get to work TikTok people, no time like the present. Victor, a pleasure my friend.


Thank you so much for being here. Thank you. Thank you for having me. Okay, when we come back, we've got a story that you will not see anywhere else on a US citizen right now detained in Russia. Wait until you hear


this. Let's be real. Our modern world can be toxic from ultra processed foods to environmental chemicals. Our bodies are under attack every single day. And one of the biggest casualties are digestion. Millions of people suffer with indigestion, bloating, and upset stomach. But here's the good news, we don't have to accept this. Our ancestors had the answer all along. Bitter foods, bitter herbs and plants have been used for centuries to stimulate digestion, support, detox, and keep the gut thriving. That's why Just Thrive. Digestive Bitters can be a game changer with a powerful blend of ancient time test tested bitter herbs, just one dose before meals wakes up your digestive system helping you absorb nutrients better, break down food and say goodbye to bloating and sluggish digestion, ditch modern toxins and get back to what our bodies were designed for. Reclaim your gut health with Just Thrive Digestive Bitters, available now at Just Thrive health.com. Use code Megan to save 20% off your first order. That's Just Thrive health.com promo code. Megan,


as Americans are getting inspired to make their health and fitness a priority, let me tell you about Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness. A great American company, their commercial grade Power Rack Pro has everything you need to get a full body workout from home. The cable crossover system and integrated weight stacks allow you to do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything you can do at the gym. With everyone's busy schedule, having one of these commercial grade all in one Power rack Pros right in your own home can be a game changer. And if you are new to strength training, don't worry. Jacked Up Fitness offers the Get Jacked Up program free of charge led by celebrity fitness trainers, Kim Lyons of The Biggest Loser and Clark Barri. The program has full body video based workouts. You simply press play and follow along. Get started on your fitness journey today for free. Go to get jacked up.com and sign up to access the free program. And when you're ready to order your own Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code MK. No more excuses. Let's all get in the best shape of our lives. Go to get jacked up.com.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer details apply.


Now we're gonna talk about a woman named Kya Carolina. She's a 33-year-old dual Russian American citizen, an amateur ballerina who has been wrongfully detained in Russia for almost 15 months and wait until you hear how she's living. Last August, Cassinia was convicted in Russia of treason and handed a 12 year prison sentence in a Russian labor camp. Her crime, she donated $51 and 80 cents in 2022 while in America to a US-based nonprofit that helps children and el the elderly who have been impacted by the war in Ukraine.


Vladimir Putin increased the penalties for treason back in 2023 and Russian authorities took her into custody in January of last year while she was visiting her elderly grandmother, her first visit to the country in three years. And before you knew it, she was in jail first for some ridiculous charge. And then they said she had committed treason with that $50 donation. And she's been, she's been convicted. She pleaded guilty because she was told that she'd have to do that in order to avoid some genuinely lengthy prison sentence. And so she did thinking it would just be a slap on the wrist.


She could get outta there over this 50 bucks. No, she's there a dozen years. She's been sentenced to a dozen years in a Russian prison. The State Department tells our show that the US government has officially designated Ksenia as wrongfully detained. That's a good designation for her to get because it means they will work for her release. And now we believe the Trump administration is, but a source close to the situation tells us Ksenia is having numerous health problems as she endures reportedly horrific work conditions at a penal colony over 1000 miles east of Moscow. Luckily, Kya has a fighter literally fighting for her.


It's her boyfriend Kiss Chris Vanden. And Chris is a former international boxing organization, Welter wait champion who retired from the sport last year to work full-time on Cain's release. Here's a video he narrated@freecassinia.com. There's a proverb in the Bible that talks about making plans, but recognizing that God as the final vote. That is how I feel. I celebrated the past New Year's Eve while vacationing with my amazing girlfriend, Sena Carolina. She's who I've been waiting for my whole life. She's beautiful, funny and adventurous. She sneaks food to our bowl of boots.


She lights up every room with her energy and optimisms. My Christmas gift to Senya was to pay for a trip to Russia. Maybe I thought that would make go fast that she would be back home with me in Los Angeles sooner. But something intervened. I'm not sure it was God, but it was something when the Russians found on Amark that she had made a $51 donation to a US nonprofit organization. She was told she was facing charges and could not leave the country. I'm appealing to the Russian government to be the responsible actor here. It was a mistake to arrest her. Please let her go show the world. You are better than being afraid of my ballerina.


Chris joins me now. Chris, thank you for being here. I'm so sorry this has happened to your love. So just to get the chronology right, it was 2022, she made this $51 donation. It was 2023 that Putin upgraded the penalties for treason, making it punishable by life in prison. So this was what we call expost facto. After the fact of her alleged treason, which was the donation, he decided to make this crime punishable by life in prison. Then in, in January of 2024, she went over there completely not expecting any trouble from the Russian government. She's got dual citizenship, but suddenly found out she was very, very wrong about that assumption.


So tell us how the trouble for her started when she got to Russia. Megan, thank you for having me. And yes, the way you just explained, it's exactly it. It's, it's bogus. It's just blows my mind. These treason charges. I'll tell you what, we went to Istanbul. She wanted me to go with her to Russia to meet her parents. I didn't like the idea, I didn't like the idea of her going in the first place, but she convinced me, I'm a a Russian citizen. I speak the language. I'm going to burg. It's not the main city. She convinced me that it's safe. And I bought that plane ticket and I decided to go to Istanbul with her for New Year's.


And from there she'll go home. I'll come back to LA and the flight from Istanbul to, yeah, Karin book was four hours. My flight back home to LA was about 10. So I knew that by the time I get back in la she's, she's already settled in. I'll have a message from her while I got back to LA and I haven't heard a single word from Senya. I tried for about six hours that day, like trying to get all of her. Then out of nowhere, I got a message that's that simple message, send me a message And it said crazy. I've not yet seen my family speak to you later. And I replied and I said, oh, is everything okay?


And I haven't heard from her again for about six hours. Then I received a, a phone call from a random Russian rumba. It was casia in tears. I said, what's wrong? She explained to me that she was arrested, interrogated for 16 hours at the airport. I said, for what? And they said, well, I don't know. They took my phone, I was flagged, asked her a bunch of questions to the extent where they didn't, they didn't want to give her water. They didn't want to give her food for 16 hours because they believed she's part of something bigger. And she said, I don't know what you want me to say, but I'm just here to visit my family.


After 16 hours, they released her to her family, but held onto her cell phone. And that was the start of everything. That was the January 2nd. That was the start of everything. So they held onto her cell phone And it was on her Venmo receipts that they saw. She had made this donation while in America as a American citizen to 50 bucks to help children in the elderly displaced by the Ukraine war. And they said that that was In fact a a $50 donation to pay for weapons. Yeah, yeah, you, you're right. So $51 after they took her phone, they send it back to a family.


So they released it to a family and they said, you're not allowed to leave your berg. You'll hear from us. And, and we now know within the, the three weeks from January 2nd till January 27th, they investigated every single thing on her cell phone. This is where they came across the, the Venmo $51 on Venmo charged for treason funding the enemy state. That's, that's what she was charging for, funding the enemy state buying weapons. And if, You know, I started laughing and crying at the same time because it was like, if You know Mike Ksenia, she's the sweetest, kindest person you'll meet.


She goes out of her way to do good for people. She hates seeing people hurt. So you can imagine elderly, elderly people, young kids without food and water. She would be the first to donate money. And I remember listening to these charges they charged her with and how the, the Russian media proclaims or, or, or the portrait, they, they, they sculpt for the, the Russian audience as bogus. Like for example, she was charged for hooliganism for attacking two male officers. I was like, I am a fighter. Yes, I'm a fighter.


Sya iss opposite. Cassen has got a soft heart, sweetheart cries easily. She doesn't have a bad bone in her body. So when I heard that, it broke my heart. So yeah, originally they said they arrested her for hooliganism as you pointed out. And then they upgraded the charge to state treason. So she's been slapped with this crazy charge of treason. She's just there to see her grandmother and she gets a Russian lawyer, which I imagine one has to do in order to fight charges by the Russian authorities. And so how did that happen? And did she not have any counsel, You know, back from the states to help guide her through this process?


Yeah, well she's taking me back now. The last, like I'll tell you, the process to get that lawyer was, it was very, very difficult because first of all, I'm dealing with the mother and father, which are in Russia. And they want to be hands on with, with a lawyer. They want to be able to see the lawyer in person. And they, they barely speak of English. So I need a Russian lawyer. So the process started to get a lawyer and I will tell you, every lawyer turn us down because they said it's too risky. They said, you're fighting Russia. Like we can lose our license. And eventually we've, we, we, we got all of the lawyer we have right now all had and met the parents.


The parents loved him. I didn't like him at all. I just didn't like him. I judge, I, I said we can do better. And the the parents was persistent on, no, we like this lawyer. We'll go with him anyway, go with the lawyer. Long story short, the lawyer ended up telling to plead guilty. Now, I was very upset about that. I was like, why would you do that? And he said, look, she's gonna get 20 years in prison. I can get that down to five years if she pleads guilty. I was like, I don't like this. But the, the parents liked the idea. So the lawyer got her to plead guilty and guess what?


She got the minimum of 12. It didn't work. But, but it painted this picture of c now acknowledging what she did, And it made me very, very upset. This lawyer. As, as, as the time progressed in this whole battle, we realized this lawyer is like a puppet to the KKGB, just a puppet. He's doing everything they want. He made cas casino sign letters. Cas was never supposed to sign. She signed it because the lawyer said, no, everything is gonna be good. So the lawyer wasn't really representing her best interests at No. The lawyer. At the lawyer. No, no, no, no. What there any, but now the lawyer are, Was there any other evidence against her that they used?


Or did it all boil down to This one $51 payment? That's, that's what's what has been released is the $51 Hooli legalism funding the enemy state. She's part of a first. They they, they, they, they, they paid this of her being a spy. And, and Basically 'cause she had dual citizenship. Yeah. And I was like, this is ridiculous. But it came down to the $51 and which is shocking, right? It, it, it still, to this day, it blows my mind that she's, she's losing her life for $51. So what do we know? I mean, those Russian prisons are no joke.


What do we know about the conditions in which she's being held? I gotta be, I gotta be very smart here 'cause I want to tell you, But I, I got cassia in trouble already once because of being in the media and sharing some stuff. She writes in the letters, because you would think she's written to me before where they blank out some stuff in the letters, which means clearly she tried to tell me something, they came across it, they blanked it out. But if there's things they don't blank out, you would think I'm all, I'm okay to share it. So I wanna be careful. But the conditions are bad. I can tell you right now, it's harsh. Like she's in a labor camp, right? So she's that she wakes up at 6:00 AM in the morning, she works till 9:00 PM at night.


She gets two 15 minutes breaks in between for, for festival, for lunch or coffee break or to brush her teeth or whatever. It's snowing in Siberia goes to where she's held close to Siberia. It's snowing, it's freezing cold out. They're working now I want share some something with you. Which is, which is, it's heartbreaking. But I'm always, I'm at the same time, I'm so proud of Cassia because she's very strong minded, yet she's very, she's delicate and she's not, she's not cut out for this. She's not, I don't even think I am, I'm a fighter.


I will deal with it. But to think that s is in there, she was speaking to me and when all of this happened, she was locked up. She's a esthetician now. So she's all about beauty and taking care of herself. Skincare. Skincare, her beauty. So she explained to me, she's, she's got, she's make, she's finding human, all of this. Because as I read the letters, she will write, ha ha ha, can you believe this? So she's explained to me how she ended up chewing, chewing on her clothing to get the material loose. And then she would take the material and floss her teeth through it just to make sure she's taking care of her teeth.


And reading that for the first time broke my heart. But it made also made me very proud to know that she's strong minded. She's finding a way, You know, they go, how, how Often do they let them shower? Good question. Once a week. Okay. But, but, but it, it depends on how they feel. There was a moment of her not going to showers for two weeks. But again, Cassia knowing her, she would write to me. She gave vape, huh? You mom, mom, her mother would send her some wipes and stuff. And she was like, I would use, I would use the, I would use the toilet water to clean myself.


Oh boy. And I know this woman, I know her. And for her to now live in that, that circumstances, it's, it's heartbreaking. You know, she's got problems with her legs and this worries me. This really worries me. She's now all of a sudden got, she's got leg pain. She's got some big veins popping out on her legs from all the standing. She had a, what they think she had a minor seizure because of the, the labor, the hardworking labor. She had a seizure, which they think, we don't know. She collapsed, shaken. It was whole thing. The medical medics were rushed in.


She, she's explained to me in the letters how she's peeling thousands and thousands of potatoes every day. But you only get a few seconds. There's people yelling and sweating at you all day. And you got, you got a rush. And then you've gotta put the potatoes in the boiling water. So she's got blisters on her hand from the boiling water burning her hand. And she's getting b basically no attention. Like it's, it's harsh. It is, it is. And that's why it, Do you think she could do 12 years in these conditions? No, she cannot. Megan. And she's written that to me in the letter and she said, Chris, if I'm, I, I'm, but my love, I'm sorry, But I I am not gonna do 12 years. I'm telling you right now, which is obviously put one-on-one together, put one on one together.


And you can imagine what she's trying to tell me. Yeah, I know that you, you've, you've tried to move heaven and earth. This is an incredibly difficult problem to solve. And You know, the Biden administration, You got the designation under, under Biden. That, that this is wrong for The, which was good, You know, they were not gonna give it to me. They were not gonna give it to me. I can tell you right now, right? Biden administration was not gonna give me that wrongful detention working with the Biden administration. Now I wanna bring this across. First of all, I wanna say I'm grateful that I got that wrongful detention under the Biden administration. But there's, there's, there's only a handful of people in that Biden administration that I have a lot of respect for. And one of them is Roger Carsons.


He was an amazing man trying everything to help me get to out. But he was limited as far as what he could do. I was, I was fighting to get this wrongful the tension. I mean, you have to meet, there's, there's a, I've been in this game now, I call it a game, but it's because I realized it's a political game for the, for, for the US and Russia. It's just a game. It's someone's life, it's CA's life, but it's really just a political game. And you have to meet 16, I think you have to meet 16 criteria on a list in order to be declared wrongfully detained. Now, I've done that in August. By August, as soon as by, by March, by April.


I said, guys, what are we still waiting for? Like a senior's clearly wrongfully detained. And I pointed out everything and they were like, yeah, playing the games. And they said, look, there's no rush for any of this. Let's do this right. There will be no prison swap. Take your time, take your time. Which upset me. And then there was the first prison swap and casino wasn't included because she's not being declared wrongfully the 10th. I was very upset. Anyway, so I meet these criteria and I'm speaking with the State department under the Biden administration, and I said, okay, we've met these criteria. Can we get the Senate declare wrongfully the 10th because they might be a next prison shop. And I wanna make sure casinos on that list. No, Chris, don't rush. Don't rush.


There will be no swap. I can promise they guaranteed me. They said, we guarantee you there will be no prison swap until maybe the, the elections. And I was like, I took a breath. I was like, okay. Like isn't, can't do much. Guess what? There was a prison swap in August 1st, and I missed my opportunity because the Biden administration told me, no rush, we'll take this slowly. We wanna make sure we do it right even though in by, by by April, may. I've had the criteria and they, and we missed an opportunity. Then I met the opportunity, the, the criteria. I met 'em. But there's two people I want to thank other than the people I work with right now. A man with the name of Peter Burke, big Hollywood producer, very close friends like a dad.


Yeah. Friday Night Lights. Yes. Peter Burke, lone Survivor is currently, he's right. Wait, the list goes on. He, he's currently playing such a big role in helping me get Cassina back. It was for Peter Berg made a phone call, Peter Berg made a phone call to the, to the US government and he put some fire under them and he said, look here, this goal is clearly being wrongfully detained. And after that phone call, they declared Casser, wrongfully detained. Another name I want to thank is Dana White. Dana White being very, Dana White, being very good friends with President Trump is on board as well.


And Dana's advocating for me and Dennis Bushing. Now I'm on your show, Megan, because I know, I know President Trump has a lot of respects for you of watches his individual watches your shows. He, he takes note to what you say, and I'm on you and I'm begging, I'm not a begging man, but I'm begging for this girl's life. It is not looking good for her. And if there's somebody that can bring a center back, it's President Trump and know it. And I'm begging him, I know he can bring her back like this. She's not doing well. Do you, Do you have, I I I heard that you were in touch with Steve Whitcoff, president Trump's envoy, which would be excellent.


I mean, he's empowered. We definitely can put you in touch with Rick Grinnell too, and we can be in touch with him. But do you, what, what's the messaging right now from the drug administration? Well, it's quite the last, the last three weeks to a month, there's really no nothing following, nothing happened. That's why I I, I was, I want to thank you, Megan, for giving me this platform. That's why I feel like there's nothing happening right now. And I'm on here and I'm begging you and I'm begging President Trump, something needs to happen. Woff. I'm trying to get him, I'm trying to get on a phone call with Woff. It's not happening. I don't know why. And I'm on you on your show and I'm trying to connect with Woff to get out of his mouth.


I know Senator Rubio is, is on it as well. Adam Ball is on as well. It's hard right now because that, because of what's happening with the attempt to reach a settlement on the Ukraine war. I wish, You know, it's like she was probably in a better position prior to things hitting this roadblock, right? When things were a little better between Trump and Putin, they were getting along a little better. Right Now, I'm sure Trump doesn't wanna inject something new that they need to bargain over, argue over. He's trying to get a war resolved. But, but that doesn't mean it won't happen. I just, I can, I'm sure you felt the change of fortunes when the, the the talk about each other and about resolving this conflict got worse.


But that doesn't mean it won't happen. We just need to make sure she stays in their focus. And I'm sure, You know, I'm sure that they're aware. There's no way, I mean, president Trump is not the kind to leave an American behind over there, especially ballerina who's in jail for treason because she gave a $50 donation to the Ukrainians. I mean, it's just, it's outrageous on its face. I, I wish I could say it could appeal to Vladimir Putin and, You know, his sense of justice on this. I don't think that's gonna work. So I, I promise I will call attention to this segment, to my administration context and will hope for the best. I I feel your pain. This is deeply, deeply wrong. She's lucky to have you, Chris.


Megan, You know what, thank you. Thank you so much. I'm I'm lucky to have her. Like, like if you get to know Christina, like I'm, I'm very lucky to, to, to be part of her life. And I'm not stopping, You know, I wanna say this, but just again, you, you painted a picture already, but people, I get a lot of, You know, mixed messages, hate messages, mixed messages. She gets what she deserves. No, I just wanna remind people. Casia is a normal human being. Loves her friends, loves her families. She'll put them above everything. She's outgoing, she's active, she's being charged for treason, for something she did as an American citizen in the United States in 2022 that Millions of Americans have done.


She's just for treason. A law that was passed in 2023 by Russia a year after casino's donation. She did not, she's not part of any organization other than being a, a a, a good loving, kindhearted human being that loves exercising, laughing, and I'm begging the American people to not forget Senya and help me, You know, how can you help me? Go to the website free kessen.com and share the content we share and help me keep her name out.


Then help me keep this story alive because she's already given up. She's already 90% given up, But we will not give up on that. I will not give up on that. You know, I feel like I'm reliving President Trump. Got Mark Google Home, my dad's experience, And I believe he could get Ksenia home too. I wanna tell the audience again, it's free Ksenia. The way that's spelled is K-S-E-N-I-A free K-S-E-N-I a.com free ksenia.com to learn more and donate if you feel inspired to try to help Chris in his quest to get his love back home and out of a terrible, terrible place where she does not belong.


Chris, thank you. We'll continue to follow it and we'll follow up with you behind the scenes as well. Megan, thank you so much. All the best. Wow. Geez, this is stuff like this happens. And You know what I was saying I think is really true. It's, it's now Trump's in a tough, tough position. He's negotiating for something that involves, You know, many, many lives. And that's unfortunate, right? Because in a, in a calmer time, her life would get more priority. But You know, president Trump got Mark gel home even though he was trying to negotiate the end of the Ukraine war. And I think he can get Ksenia home too, I think. I think Putin will let her go.


I just don't think Putin's gonna let this dual citizen, young ballerina stay in a Russian jail for 12 years. I actually don't think he will, but it's gotta be made a priority and we have to stay on it. Thank you all for listening tomorrow. Really looking forward to bringing you Dr. Mark Hyman. This guy is amazing. He's got so much good information to give you about your health, your doctor, what you need to be worrying about, what the future holds, whether you need to change your doctor, and I think you're gonna enjoy the conversation. It's a great talker and super smart. So we'll do that together tomorrow.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.