
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Friday, March 28th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. We wanna reinvigorate the security of the people of Greenland because we think it's important to protecting the security of the entire world. Vice President JD Vance and Greenland today, scaling back plans following a lack of hospitality from Greenlandic and Danish officials. He was the leader for the East coast, one of the top three in the entire country, right here in Virginia, living half an hour outside of Washington. DC Attorney General Pam Bondy announcing the capture of a high profile MS 13 gang member RFKJ.


Announcing a streamlining of the sprawling HHS department. President Trump asks New York Congresswoman Elise Nik to withdraw her nomination for UN Ambassador and new details in the mysterious death of former US attorney Jessica Aber. All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


One in two adults have high blood pressure and many don't even know it. That's a ticking time bomb. But here's the good news. You have the power to take control naturally with one 20 Life. One 20 Life is a blend of great tasting superfruit juices that can actually help lower your blood pressure naturally. One 20 life is formulated with ingredients that have been shown to support healthy blood pressure levels. It's trusted by hundreds of health professionals and people have seen real measurable results. You can try it yourself risk-free with our two week trial. Just go to one 20 life.com and use the code MK to save 15% and get free shipping. You can track your progress with a simple blood pressure monitor. Watch your numbers drop and feel the difference. They're so sure that one 20 life can noticeably lower your blood pressure in two weeks, but they will give you your money back. If you're not satisfied, go to one 20 life.com. That's 1 2 0 life.com And remember to use code MK to save 15% off your order.


Vice President JD Vance in Greenland today along with Second Lady, Usha Vance, National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz and energy secretary Chris Wright. The agenda now a scaled back version of what was originally planned. The trip announced on Sunday billed as a solo goodwill visit from Ms. Vance to absorb and learn about Greenland's culture. Ms. Vance had planned a tour of the Capitol Nook as Mr. Waltz and Secretary Wright visited the US Space Force base in Bedu Fi about 600 miles away. Mr. Waltz's inclusion on the trip sparking backlash from Greenlandic and Danish officials as President Trump vows to acquire these semi-autonomous territory.


Quote one way or another the goodwill souring when a Greenland tourism business to block travel canceled the plan, meet and greet event with the second lady, the business posting to Facebook quote, we have now informed the consulate that we do not want her visit as we cannot accept the underlying agenda and will not be part of the press show. Shortly after that public snub vice President Vance announcing he would join the trip himself posting this message to X. A lot of other countries have threatened Greenland, have threatened to use its territories and its waterways to threaten the United States to threaten Canada and of course to threaten the people of Greenland. So we're gonna check out how things are going there and I and I say that that speaking for President Trump, we wanna reinvigorate the security of the people of Greenland because we think it's important to protecting the security of the entire world.


The delegation now only scheduled to visit the US Space Force Base trips to US bases by American officials are generally considered routine and non-controversial. Denmark foreign minister Lars Luca Rasmussen saying quote, I think it's very positive that the Americans have canceled their visit among Greenlandic society. They will only visit their own base du Fi and we have nothing against that. President Trump on Wednesday doubling down on his desire to take control of the Arctic Island. We need Greenland for international safety and security. We need it. We have to have it and it's a island that from a defensive posture and even offensive posture is something we need, especially with the world the way it is and we're gonna have to have it.


And so I hate to put it that way, but we're gonna have to have it. The trip marking Vice President Vance and NSA Waltz's first overseas trip since the Atlantic magazine reported that its editor in chief was somehow admitted into a private signal messaging group used by senior administration officials. The messages revealing debate among top intel officials on the pros and cons of attacking Houthis rebels in order to break their hold on an important global shipping lane. Mr. Vance writing in the chat quote, if you think we should do it, let's go. I just hate bailing Europe out again. The Wall Street Journal reporting quote, European leaders had hoped that Vice President Vance's antagonism was a political show to build domestic support.


Officials are coming to terms with a vocal vice president whose antipathy for Europe appears to run deep in recent months. Mr. Vance making waves on the world stage delivering a clear message on behalf of the president. The United States will support its allies, but only if they act like friends. The threat that I worry the most about vis-a-vis Europe is not Russia, it's not China, it's not any other external actor. And what I worry about is the threat from within the retreat of Europe from some of its most fundamental values, values shared with the United States of America. Do you think that it's respectful?


I'll answer to come to the Oval Office of the United States of America and attack the administration that is trying to, trying to prevent the destruction of your country. President Trump making it a a key priority of his second administration getting European allies to step up and pay their fair share. Attorney General Pam Bondy early Thursday morning announcing a major arrest Early this morning. One of the top leaders of MS 13 was apprehended. He was the leader for the east coast, one of the top three in the entire country, right here in Virginia, living half an hour outside of Washington DC.


He is an illegal alien from El Salvador and he will not be living in our country much longer. The suspect 24-year-old Henry Josue Viatoro Santos, the charges against him and where he is currently being held not yet released. Virginia is not a sanctuary state, but several localities, mostly in Northern Virginia where Mr. Santos was arrested. Have policies barring local officials from cooperating with the feds, the operation, a joint effort between federal, state and local officials. Virginia Governor Glenn Jenkin describing the cooperation leading to the arrest. This task force was architected in a very quick period of time and stood up immediately.


And In fact, when, when Director Patel was confirmed within a day he authorized this facility and these capabilities, general Bondi immediately came to lead it and we found ourselves with truly one of a kind resources going to work. And the minute that we had partners that would do this with us, then lists of 5, 6, 700 targets could be put together in collaboration with state police and federal authorities and our Department of Corrections. Critically important, and I cannot emphasize enough, the collaboration in support and leadership out of the new administration that is so different than what we saw in at least the previous three years of my administration.


MS 13 is one of the most violent gangs in the world originally forming in the 1980s on the streets of Los Angeles. Now based in El Salvador, the gang extends into Honduras, Guatemala, and Mexico with thousands of members. Members are often required to commit a murder to gain membership. Their motto, kill, rape, control the gang responsible for many gruesome high profile murders in America. In 2017, a female member lured the group of men into a Long Island Park where they were hacked to death in a planned ambush. Dozens of reports outlining similar instances of brutality against Americans.


FBI Director Cash Patel remarking at the press conference. The work of their task force is far from finished. This is a mandate we have right now. We have an American dying every seven minutes from a drug overdose that is a national security crisis we have not seen ever before. We have a woman or child being raped every six and a half minutes in this country we have a homicide twice an hour. No part of that metric is a safe and secure America. But thanks to the brave leadership of this administration and the folks that you see here, we are returning our communities to safety. The Virginia Homeland Security Task force arresting more than 340 of their 575 illegal alien targets, secretary of Health and Human Services RFKJ announcing a restructuring of the sprawling department.


He oversees 28 great divisions will become 15. The entire federal workforce is downsizing now, so this will be a painful period for HHS as we downsize from 82,000 full-time employees to around 62,000 we're keenly focused on pairing away excess administrators while increasing the number of scientists and frontline health providers so that we can do a better job for the American people. The new umbrella group for the streamlined departments will be called the Administration for a Healthy America or aha, a nod to the MAHA Movement, the new department combining offices handling addiction, toxic substances, occupational safety, mental health, and others.


In late February, the office of Budget and Management issuing a memorandum directing federal agencies to prepare plans to downsize since the beginning of the second Trump administration about 10,000 HHS employees accepting buyout offers RFK J'S plan will cut about another 10,000. Secretary Kennedy says his department is filled with tremendous bloat and redundancies. During the Biden administration, HH S'S budget increased by 38% And it staffing increased by 17%, but all that money has failed to improve the health of Americans. In fact, the rate of chronic disease and cancer increased dramatically as our department has grown.


When I arrived, I found that over half of our employees don't even come to work. HHS has more than a hundred communications offices and more than 40 IT departments and dozens of procurement offices and nine HR departments. In many cases they don't even talk to each other. HHS operates under a budget of 1.7 trillion RFKJ saying this restructuring will save the department about 1.8 billion each year. Democrats not thrilled. The Trump administration is endangering your family to make more room in their budget for tax breaks, for billionaires and big corporations. These anti-vaxxers are slashing vaccine research and at the very same time, dedicating resources to launch vaccine conspiracy investigations and resurrect debunked science.


Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Is using the Department of Health and Human Services to do the bidding of Elon Musk and Donald Trump. It is a make America sick again. Agenda, Secretary Kennedy maintains no core functions of the department will be compromised. The announcement on the heels of two big confirmations within HHS on Tuesday, Stanford professor Dr. Jay Bach, confirmed on a party line vote as head of the NIH Wow. Dr. Bach, an early critic of Covid lockdowns promising to open up robust scientific debate within his organization. It was just three years ago he was being smeared as a fringe doctor by Fauci and Collins, the Senate also confirming Dr.


Marty McCarey of Johns Hopkins as commissioner of the FDA three Democrats. Joining Republicans to confirm Dr. Mercery New Hampshire Senators Maggie Hassen and Jean Shaheen, as well as Illinois Senator Dick Durbin. Both doctors key allies of President Trump and Secretary Kennedy committed to carrying out the administration's vision of making America healthy again. Coming up, president Trump asks New York Congresswoman Elise de to withdraw her nomination for UN ambassador and new details emerge in the untimely death of former US attorney Jessica Aber.


Terra Wars stubborn inflation. No wonder Gold has been routinely hitting all time highs right in volatile markets like the one we have now. Don't sit on the sidelines with your head in the sand. You can take control and safeguard your savings. This is why so many Americans today are turning to Birch Gold Group. They have helped tens of thousands convert an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. Is it time for you to hedge against economic instability with gold? Well, to learn more about how to own physical gold in a tax sheltered account, just Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Birch Gold is gonna send you a free no obligation info kit. Again, just Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Birch Gold's got an eight plus rating with a better business bureau. That's Big eight plus they've got countless of five star reviews and they have helped too many to count, protect their savings with gold. It took us decades to get into the tangled mess that we are now trying to unpack in dc. How long do you think it's gonna take for us to really get out of it and at what cost? Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


President Trump requesting that New York Congresswoman Elise Nik withdraw her nomination or ambassador to the United Nations. Mr. Trump writing on truth social quote. As we advance our America first agenda, it is essential that we maintain every Republican seat in Congress. We must be unified to accomplish our mission. And Elise Stefanik has been a vital part of our efforts from the very beginning with a very tight majority. I don't wanna take a chance on anyone else running for Elisa's seat. Congresswoman St. Will rejoin the House Republican leadership ranks. She stepped down from her position as conference chair following her nomination to the un. The current balance of power in the house standing at two 18 to two 13, giving Republicans a very narrow edge that advantage could shrink further depending on the outcomes of four upcoming special elections.


Ms. Stefani, a close Trump ally was one of the first nominations of the second Trump administration. The announcement made just days after the election. The congresswoman at age 30 was the youngest woman ever elected to Congress at the time in 2014 when she ran as a moderate, she was reelected in 2016 embracing the MAGA agenda in the first Trump administration in nominating her to the un. President Trump describing Ms. St as quote, an incredibly strong, tough and smart America first fighter, the President, referencing moments like This one in December, 2023 as she grilled the Ivy League President's handling of illegal displays of on-campus and antisemitism.


Do you understand your testimony is dehumanizing them? Do you understand that dehumanization is part of antisemitism? I will ask you one more time. Does calling for the genocide of Jews violate Harvard's rules of bullying and harassment? Yes or no? It depends on the context. It does not depend on the context. The answer is yes and this is why you should resign. These are unacceptable answers across the Board House Speaker Mike Johnson releasing a statement that reads quote, there is no doubt Congresswoman Stefanik would have served with distinction as our ambassador to the un, But we are grateful for her willingness to sacrifice that position and remain in Congress to help us save the country.


The House is currently working on major pieces of legislation involving the border energy and taxes, an update on the cause of death for former US attorney Jessica Aber. The family saying the 43-year-old died in her sleep releasing a statement reading quote, Jess suffered from epilepsy and epileptic seizures for many years. Ms. Aber was found unresponsive in her Alexandria, Virginia home on Saturday morning. The case will remain open until the office of the Chief Medical examiner completes its report. Police officials believe her death to be the result of natural causes. As US attorney for the Eastern District of Virginia. Ms. Aber oversaw many high profile cases including CIA, leaks and international fraud.


Her successor US attorney Eric Seabert offering in a statement her professionalism, grace and legal acumen set the standard. Though we are devastated by this loss, each of us in the Eastern District of Virginia will look to her example and endeavor to live up to it. And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11. Head new beast on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.