
There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show coming to you live from the SiriusXM Studios in New York today, our hq, we've got a very special show for you today. I'm thrilled. It's great. This is actually the perfect day to be doing this. There's not that much news. There's a small bump for Kamala Harris, arguably in the polls, but honestly it's questionable. And in the biggest one was the Fox News poll showing things tightening up in the swing states, but they don't have prior polling to show us whether that's a bounce or not. So just calm down. Just calm down. Do you ever watch a tennis game?


I watch my husband play tennis. I watch my kids play tennis. They're down, you know, 30 love. I'm like, ah, minutes later. They've won the game. All right, so just calm down. Today's just a snapshot. That's the news of the day there. I've caught you up. Also, there's a bunch of nonsense going on about what happened at Arlington National Cemetery. Here's the bottom line. Trump went and Biden didn't. Biden thinks he lost no one during his entire presidency, and he did. He lost more than those 13 service personnel who fell on the disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan. And now they're trying to take Trump's appearance at the request of the families of Arlington and make it into a political storm for him. Okay, you're caught up. Let's get to the fun thing that we wanna talk about today. And that is the movie, Reagan, this movie.


You need to see it for so many different reasons. So, first of all, I, now I've watched it twice. And what you take away when you watch this movie is not, I love Ronald Reagan, though. That's one of the things you're gonna take away. It's, I love this country. We, I believe in this country. I believe in my fellow Americans. And we can get back to a place where we are leading with love and respect, even though we're gonna fight bare knuckle brawls during the day, during our political arguments and so on. It hits theaters this weekend. Okay? So you gotta go to the theater and support this film. It really is a must see, and this could not come at a more appropriate time with our tumultuous political landscape mirroring the 1980s in many ways. Actually, I'm gonna show you first some of the trailer watch.


There's nothing a retired governor can do about the Soviets, but A president to Sure. You're okay with this Now? He can do a thing or Two. Yeah, he's good. Welcome To your life. I was a lifeguard on a river. There's no turning. And I learned how to read the currents. Not just the ones on the surface, but also the ones deep underneath the water. I am about to start the biggest war of this century, and I'm not gonna fire a single shot. You gotta blow up eight years of diplomacy. Well, If, you think that got there undies in a, You just wait.


What did the president know and when did he know it? What would you have me do? I want you to fight Mr. Gorbachev. Tear down this wall. Mm, I got the chills. It gave me a chill. Every time I say that trailer is so well done. The cast of Reagan joins me today. Actress Penelope Ann Miller, who plays Nancy and Dan Lauria, who plays Tip O'Neill are on deck. But first, we are joined by legendary actor Dennis Quaid.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sports book. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os. Oh. Or the No, no, no, no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, be hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at MGM, the Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly.


See bet mgm.com For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call one 800. Gambling. It's so great to see you again. How are you? Great to see you, Megan. You were, you were there at the beginning before we started shooting. In fact, when we did that interview out at the Reagan Ranch. Yes. That was 2018. My team actually pulled some footage of you giving me a tour. Let's take a look at it because seems like another lifetime ago. Let's watch some of that. The Western White House. Alright, So let's check it out. Just last month, qua was tapped to play the title role in the upcoming star studded biopic Reagan about the life of the 40th president.


Pretty impressive. I voted for Reagan the first time, by the way. Yeah. And I voted on both sides. I'm not a Republican, I'm not a Democrat, I'm an independent. Always have been. Is That allowed in Hollywood? I'm not. I'm not. I didn't realize that was allowed. I probably Oh, to be an independent Yeah. That's allowed, that's how I get away with it. It's, it's mostly just about what was the little things that were important to him in his life. I think like his bookcase I find so extraordinary. Look at that. It's gonna be important. Who plays Nancy? Yeah. Really, really important. Right. You gotta have chemistry with her. I mean, that was a true love affair. And that was just walking around their actual ranch.


Yeah, the Megan Ranch. Yeah. In which, I mean, it's preserved like a time capsule with their clothes and everything. Yes. Some friends bought it after his passing and, and they left it exactly as it was. It's not open to the public and it, their clothes are in the closet. You expect them to be coming back. I Remember the head and shoulders in the, in the shower, the head. I was like, and this feels like a HIPAA violation. Yeah. Was that Nancy or Ron? I'm not sure. But yeah, on the Liberty Bell shower head and the, and the king size bed, which is two single beds that are zip tied together. Fancy. Yeah. Yeah. That's what I realized, that Reagan was not a rich man. Right. Yeah. That place is what, how many square feet? I'd say 1100 tops. Wow. You know, and that you can really feel his spirit there that's really going there the first time was what made me say yes to, to that, because I could really feel him there.


It's not, But it's such a big challenge. It's so scary to play somebody that well known. Yeah. And that distinctive in his look. Right? Yeah. So were, was there any hesitation of like, am I gonna be able to embody him? Well, I, when I was asked to do it, I fear when up my spine, because, you know, Reagan is like Muhammad Ali. You show his picture to anyone in the world and they know who he is. And he was also my favorite president. I felt all these feelings of being not worthy. And then I, so I took some time to think about it. And it was when I went up to the ranch that I could feel him. 'cause I didn't wanna do an impersonation. I wanted to get to the human being behind the public persona of, of Reagan.


And, you know, one thing I did find out that was really interesting, it was that to a, to a person, they said that Reagan was, and sometimes, well, there was a part of him that was unknowable, that a very private place that he had, and you know, this is the great communicator, but I think it, he had a, a deep place where, of privacy inside him that he kept sacred. I should tell the audience that in the studio with us here, we have Ms. Peaches, who is Dennis. She's meandering now. This is Dennis's Bulldog. Yeah. And Ms. Peaches actually plays a role in this story too. Yeah. Because in that footage we just showed of Dennis and I at the ranch.


Yeah. Here she is. Look at her. She, we were talking, and there's a scene in the movie right by that pond of de of Dennis and Penelope Right. As Nancy and, and Ronald rowing a robe robo. And we were standing right in front of that pond and shooting an interview. Yeah. And Miss Peaches, I mean, she, she just dropped like a stone into that p Yeah. Apparently it drops off very quickly. Bulls the next thing you know, I look up, I see your cameraman. It just drops this camera and goes to rescue peaches. He Saved his peaches. Yeah, you did. I Guess Bulldogs can't swim. They cannot swim at all. Okay. So anyway, she's alive and well, here we are, six years later. She's fine. And she's naturally careful. She's roaming the studio. And you If you hear heavy breathing.


It's not Dennis and it's not me, it's Miss Peaches. So you decided to take on the role you had played Bill Clinton. Yes. And as you told me in that clip, you voted Democrat and Republican as have I. Yeah. Your registered Independent as am I. Yeah. But did you worry at all given the climate of Hollywood? Like, Hmm. It could be some blowback, Maybe just a, a titch. But, you know, at the time, I think, was that before the election cycle? I think it was. Yeah. It was before the election when we, it was 18. Yeah, it was 18 and things weren't so di divided. I mean, they were divided, but they weren't so divided back then. Just, They always calm down when it's not an election year. Yeah. And then it got, it got really intense and, but I didn't have any qualms about that because to me, the movie is one thing.


He is not political. Reagan was a, a democrat for 40 years before he was Republican for the next 40. By the way, people sometimes forget that. And this was a, a biopic. It was also, as you've said, it's about us. It's about America. Yeah. Really. And those, those eight decades of the 20th century where America became preeminent and triumphed in the, in the Cold War with the, with the Soviet Union at the time that, that collapse. And so it's, it's, it's, it is about America and that feeling of being an American, which was so fantastic, really under Reagan.


He came along at a time when we were being told we were a nation in decline. And he said, no, we're not. We're a city on a hill and we're going this way. And we followed. So what I loved about the movie was it takes you through Ronald Reagan's whole life. And it shows you, for those of us who haven't read a bunch of biographies on him, how he got to be the way we knew him to be. Yeah. That sonny. Optimistic but shrewd and insightful. Yeah. Negotiator leader and change agent. And it's the, the movie's Based on a book that really gets into all of that. And the movie is set up with having a KGB agent, right.


Played by John Voight talking to a future Russian leader about what happened. How did Russia lose the Cold War to this guy, this actor from Hollywood. And the book was called The Crusader. And it takes you through the building blocks that made Ronald Reagan, this, you know, mostly commercial actor into the leader of the free world in in the truest embodiment of that term. And, and here's one of my favorite scenes for the movie. It's short, but I love it. You're not in it, but I love it. It's the young Ronald Reagan with his mom, and she's teaching him how to handle a bully. A bully. Here it is. Top two Scaredy cat.


Let the boy that's been threatening you Every day, get over here. This boy, He'll be there tomorrow too. That's what bullies do. Until you stand up to them, it's time for you to settle this Dutch Go on.


You can run from a bully for so long, but sooner or later you're gonna have to stand up to him. And Reagan put things I i in a way that everyone could understand, you know? 'cause he governed and he lived his life basically on principles, you know, that go beyond being a Democrat and, and a Republican. And that was his strength. Knowing that you eventually do have to punch the bully in the face to get him to back off of you is an important life lesson for all of us. But Ronald Reagan took that one to heart and would bring it into presidential politics. Yeah. And he was, you know, in this case, the bully that it really referring to is the Soviet Union at the time, the evil empire or whatever. But it's true that, you know, America was it a had appeased the Soviet Union for, you know, quite a long time actually.


And Carter being the cold warrior, I mean, Reagan being the, the cold warrior, you know, he was called a war monger. He was, you know, the tough guy. He was gonna get us in a nuclear exchange, But, it took some, a president like him to be able to negotiate with the Soviets because they see appeasement as weakness and they built up their, their military in the meantime. And the, the, the great thing what makes Reagan a great president is that he was this coal warrior. But when it came to dealing with the Soviets, he was pragmatic. And once he had that relationship with Gorbachev, it, everything relaxed in the sense that they, it became personal and they were able to really, they became really good friends, I think.


But It's an odd combination to see somebody who's so likable and positive and optimistic and warm, but also like a stone cold negotiator. Right. Who will look you, you're his friend and you're making great progress. And this is big for the United States and the Soviets and say, I'm out done. Yeah. Yeah. He was not gonna be played. And which had happened in so many times in the past. Carter had had come along and, you know, God bless him. I think he did an incredible job with Egypt and Israel and, and making peace really throughout the world, in a sense. But it. He also was, I think the Soviet saw him as weak.


He gave away away the B one bomber. He kept giving away things without asking for anything in return. And it's a little kumbaya, I think. And the, that, like I said, the Soviet saw that as weakness. There's a great scene in the movie. I mean, a lot of scenes documenting Reagan dealing with Gorbachev and where Gorbachev's pushing him. Just get rid of your missile defense shield program and we'll reduce these nukes and it'll be a big win for you. It'll be a big win for us. And Reagan just gets up and says, no, no, I'm out. Yeah. I mean, it was like, you see that, and this is actually one of my other favorites where it's Ron and Nancy on the couch, I think at the Reagan ranch or, or maybe it's at their home.


And he's explaining to her what he learned from being a lifeguard. A bit of it was in the trailer. And there's a very funny scene earlier in the movie when we see him being a lifeguard. Yeah. And he's this young strapping buck. Yeah. Suddenly a lot of ladies are going down. Yeah. So a lot of people that he rescued her very, not thankful for it as as well. Perfectly fine swimmers As It turns out. See this currents un underneath the water. And you know, wait, let Me play it. Let me play it. Lemme play it. And then you react to it. Here's the, here's the scene. If we get them to spend money, they don't have, they can't support themselves. The Soviets, the Soviets. We've been going about this all wrong. We don't have to match them missile for missile.


All we have to do is just keep up the pressure. We have deeper pockets than they do. And here I thought, I married an actor, but you can always talk to Dick Nixon, president Kennedy or any of your political friends. But why is it that my husband seems to know it's gonna happen before they do? Well, I was a lifeguard at a public swimming hole on a river. Mm. And I studied that river and I learned how to read the currents.


Not just the ones on the surface, but also the ones that were deep underneath the water flowing way under. And I got good at it. Great. Scene on so many levels. Yeah. It, you know, you were, you brought up Iceland, and when Reagan said no to the Soviet Union, it, it was all about SDI. They, the rush, the Soviets wanted him to give up SDI the, the, that initiative of, you know, that was missiles that, defensive missiles that would shoot down.


It was totally defensive system. And he wouldn't do it. And he said, look, we'll even share it with you. We'll pay for it, but we're gonna keep it. And the Soviet said, this is the line. We can't go past it. The interesting thing was is that SDI was at least 20 years away from even getting up on its feet. It didn't exist. It was, I mean, it was taken from Star Wars. So why, why would he tank the deal over it? It was, this is the power of negotiation that he had because they believed it was real. Maybe they didn't believe a hundred percent, but they believed at least 40, 50% that we did have it.


And that was the kicker in a negotiation. That's why re Reagan was great at negotiation. I like, it's amazing how he got there. You know, this kid from, from a very modest background, alcoholic father, religious mom. And that's captured in some of the exchanges in the movie, which I absolutely love. She was a strong role model for him. And, you know, remember who you serve and who you are, and ultimately, you know, becomes the head of the Screen Actor's Guild, which I always thought was just like a credential. But you really see in this movie, it was more than just a credential. Yeah. That's not, it was not important to who he became. That's not a job that actors gunned for actually, you know, that's, he was really a kind of a failing fading actor at the, you know, towards the end of his career.


And he was married to Jane Wyman at the time who won an Academy Award right around that time too. You know. And so I think he felt a bit of a failure to tell you the truth, in that I, I know he never actually got in acting, got to the place that he aspired to be. And I could really relate with that sometimes in my life. And, but as, as a screened actor's guilt, he, it became a place where you fighting communism. That was during the time of where the, the Soviets, it was true. They were trying to infiltrate the unions and take over in a subversive way. You know, that was always kind of a wives tale. But once the Soviet Union fell, they found all the papers that, that, that confirmed all that.


And also an interesting thing about Reagan is that at, in 19 60 61, he came out of retirement as the president of Screen Actors Guild to negotiate for the actors for their health insurance. Hmm. Which we have the, like, some of the best, best health insurance in the world, Actually. I mean, I'm, I'm a member now, Dennis. Yeah. 'cause I did a cartoon. I was a Yeah, I was a big star. Maybe you heard about it. Yeah. Maybe not. Anyway, I'm a member. The Yes, exactly. But, you know, he, but that was what, what, when he was a democrat as well. Right. You know, he was strong and he didn't take any BS from anybody. No. And he knew when it was time to throw down.


And we would see that of course, throughout his life, when people, even though he was sunny and optimistic and a great messenger, when people got in his grill, he knew when to push back from the air traffic controllers who striked illegally. Right. And they all got fired. Yeah. To the infamous moment of, I, I paid for this microphone. Right. I think we actually have that clip. Oh, That, that's fantastic. Let's Watch that one, the Song, man. Please turn Mr. Reagan's. Mike b Is this on Mr. Green? Did you turn on mic? You asked for me If. you would, I'm paying for this microphone, Mr.


The air traffic control. That was the, probably the first test of his presidency. And he basically just said, A contract is a contract. He felt like the, they were holding the United States hostage General as far as the airspace. And the Soviets actually saw that and said, well, if, if he's willing to like, shut down the, the airspace in his own country like that, what, what would he do to us? Right. What does that mean? Yeah. So this is where I wanted to go with you. So you've said that you're supporting Trump in the presidential election. I was looking at the, I I'm gonna confess something. I've also said that I'm voting for Trump, but I'm not gonna lie, Trump is not the same character as Ronald Reagan that just, you can stick with the marriage alone to see.


I Yeah, I'm totally with you on that one. Right. I mean, the presentation is totally different. And I think the pre it's, it reflects the times of of which we're in now. You know, you couldn't say a four letter word television True. Six years ago. And you know, now you can say anything you want. But I think the thing about Trump, you know, I've even cringed at sometimes the things that he's, that he says, please don't say that, and all that. But at the same time, I will say that the principles that Trump has are very much the same. That was my takeaway too, Too that Reagan, Because you start out kind of frustrated, right? Because Ronald Reagan just seems like such a poster boy for just goodness. And I realize he had his flaws not necessarily highlighted by the movie, but that, and then you think, oh, where is a leader like that?


Well, he was more complex than that. And Trump is more complex than that. But they do have a through line of strength Yes. And f principles, you know, that go with that way of going and, and pragmatic. I I would, I would venture to say that both of 'em are very pragmatic. What do you think Ronald Reagan would say about this 2024 election looking around? Well, well, there we go again. Well, You, you got the whale down for The whale is the first thing that comes along. Everybody can do the whale. But the, the, the, the issues are really spooky.


The, the same as our, I mean, we had se 19 79, 19 80, we had high inflation. We were supposedly a nation in decline. We, there was, we had hostages in the Middle East. You know, we have hostages right down the Gaza Strip that no one's talking about. And we, they'd talk about them more. But there was a whole feeling of malaise in the country in a certain sense. And the, the stakes, we were divided in a certain sense, not to the, in the intensity that we are now But. it was post, post Watergate. And that, I think there was a schism there with Republicans and Democrats in a sense, as far as taking up sides before that you'd had liberal Republicans and conservative Democrats.


Yeah. He, the movie in, in a Minute, we're gonna be joined by Dan Lauria who plays Tip O'Neill. And the movie does a great job of highlighting their friendship, notwithstanding their difference in electoral politics. So, and we talked about how Reagan got up and walked out on the Soviet saying, no, you know, I'm gonna draw the line. But that friendliness and that willingness to sort of humble yourself and start anew is captured too. And this is something, I mean, Trump takes a lot of go for going and meeting with Kim Jong-Un, right? Yes. A lot. But Reagan met with Gorbachev at a time when things were very tense. That's captured a bit in the following scene, which is SAT four. Let's watch it.


I used to do a little acting a couple of hundred years ago back in Hollywood. Let me show you how we used to handle this sort of thing. Take two. Hello Mikhail. My name's around. How would you like to go for a little walk? That's a scene that really happened. Is that right? Yeah, it went down like that. Yeah. Where they were, they were coming to loggerheads and he just got up and reset it. Yeah. Yeah.


Gorbachev had grown up, you know, watching his movies. In fact, you know, exactly. They, they were fascinated by Hollywood at the time. I mean, all of Europe was basically. And so, you know, that was a way in, I think for them. The, we spent a minute on the well, but how much work went into getting the voice and the mannerisms? Well, I think it was just when you and I had the interview that I think it was just beginning actually. And so I was lucky that we wound up having like a year and a half to prepare for it. And so I spent my poor kids and my poor beautiful wife, I think to listen to me for you to just, so she's married to Ronald Reagan.


'cause I wanted to get to learn it that I wanted to, you know, just forget about it. And I had to learn, you know, him at 35, the way he sounded compared to like, in his later years, how he sounded slowed down a bit. You know, they're different voices really. And YouTube is great for all that videotape that's still out there. And the manner, Did you do it on your own? Or did you get a voice coach? No, I, I just did it on my own. Really? Yeah. I didn't have the cuts to get a voice coach. Wow. I didn't wanna be judged. No, it was, and so I, excellent. Yeah. But I, I did wanna do an impersonation. It was the inside of Reagan that was really kind of more important.


'cause an actor, you know, you're an actor. You're always, it's always gonna be me there. You know, just, that's just the way it is mean. No, You do forget. It's Dennis. Quaid. Well, that's in The beginnings. Thank you very much for, That's like, there you are. And then within a few minutes you're like, it's Reagan. But When I watch a, a Jack Nicholson movie or a Marlon Brando movie, it's still, I'm watching Marlon Brando. That's why I went, you know? And so that part is the interpretation. Another, unfortunately a parallel between what happened in Reagan's time and what's happening now is an assassination attempt. Yeah. And that's captured in the movie. Both, you know, the attempt, the attempt to kill Ronald Reagan, he was shot, he was actually shot by John Hinckley Jr.


And then of course, we saw what happened to Trump in July. There's a bit of that captured in the scene. And what stood out to me, of course, is journalist, is the media, the actual media footage that you guys pulled and put in the movie, great stuff. Watching real time. The news anchors react. At first they thought Reagan hadn't been shot, that Hinkley had missed. And then you see them in the movie actual realize, right. Oh my God, the president's actually been shot. Let's watch. Right? My mother used to say, everything in life happens for a reason. Even the most disheartening setbacks. And in the end, everything, even seemingly random twist of fate is all apart of the divine plan.


Details are very sketchy at this moment. We don't know precisely what happened. We don't know the sequence. First of all, the president is safe. That is justice. Pardon me, please. Bob Berkowitz. Hello Bob. I'll wait for somebody in the back room to come up here and tell us. We had been reporting to you that the president was not injured. The White House has confirmed now, just in the last few minutes, that President Reagan has indeed been shot. He Is in communication. Larry can, Larry, is there any Evidence the assessment was working for the Soviets in The division? Larry? I can't say Leslie. We have gotten, Well, Everybody that was alive remembers what they were doing.


Yep. On that day, that exact hour, you know, he was shot. But he, he was, had his hand raised a wave and the bullet actually bounced off the car and entered right here. Mm. And so they didn't see it. The secret surface agent, you know, was on top of him getting into the car. And he said, Oh, gosh, you, I think you broke my rib. And they checked him out and he was fine. And they were headed back to the White House. And he started to, he coughed and it, his frothy type of blood came out and they headed to, to the hospital. And if they had gone back to the White House, he wouldn't have made it.


Oh, wow. A lot of people don't know he lost a third of his blood. Is that right? Yeah. By the time they they got to surgery, it was, it was so close, A lot closer than, than, than people realized that the bullet was lodged. Not even a quarter wre from his heart. Oh My gosh. Yeah. That classic moment reflected too, where in the movie where he looks up at all the doctors and nurses about to cut him open and says, Yeah, yeah. I hope you're all Republicans. Listen today, Mr. President, we're all Republicans. Before I go to break, I gotta ask you, having played that, that scene, and then in July you see the attempted assassination attempt with a gun on President Trump.


Yeah. What was that day like for you? Here's what's, here's the takeaway that if, if that, you know, as is to relate it to today is, is that when Reagan got shot, it was full disclosure about we knew about Hinkley and his background and, and you know, why he had done it and everything within 48 hours. And what do we know now? Sloped roofs are not safe to stand on. Yeah. Why, why does it take so long? Why do they have to like, kind of massage whatever they're hearing? Why can't it just be transparent to the Amer the American people In a, in a day where it's so much easier to be transparent, right.


With Yeah. Incredibly So I found social media and all of it. Yeah. Yeah. It's dark. I mean, it was Jodi Foster Hinkley. He had a, he had a thing about Jodi Foster Yeah. That he was throwing to impress her. Right. And yeah, he acted alone and everything, but all the details were out there really quick And so much different on the Trump assassination. It's been like pulling teeth. Right. That Secret Service agent just embarrassed herself. The, the head of Secret Service who's now gone. Alright. There's much more to get to. Dennis is staying with us and joining us next will be Dan Lauria, who we've mentioned a couple times. You may remember him from Wonder Years now he's back as Tip O'Neill. And he actually is not for nothing, but he's voting for Kamala Harris.


So Dennis and Dan are modeling real life, in real life, what it's like to be friends across the aisle and in a way, an example of the characters they portray as well. Standby.


Did you know there's nearly $1 trillion of infrastructure and pandemic funds yet to be spent? Yes, that's right. There's a massive amount of money that the lame duck administration is pushing hard to spend right now in their last few months of office. If the president is able to push these funds out, we could see another prolonged inflation surge just like we saw during Covid. But there is hope. Listen to this. A gold IRA from Birch Gold Group can be an inflation hedge for your savings in uncertain times. To see how to protect your IRA or 401k, get your free info kit on gold by texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. Birch Gold makes it seamless to roll over a retirement account while preserving your tax advantage status. Don't wait for the president's spending spree to potentially tank the dollar further. None of us wants that. Protect your financial future. Right now just text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Birch Gold.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV Bem. GM and Game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call one 800. Gambling


Mr. Speaker, Mr. President, congratulations. Welcome to the pigs. Now you enjoy tonight because tomorrow we go to work. Well, I've been well briefed on you Tip. I've been told I better get a pretty good head start. Ah, That's very Irish. Have you? Yes. You plan on going 10 rounds every day. That's how we do things here. Alright. Just remember, every day has a 6:00 PM What do you mean by that, sir? Well, after six, we're not Political enemies. We're just two Irishmen having a beer. Do you? Mm. I love that. Can you imagine that happening today? No, No, No. Of course. No one can like Nancy Pelosi and Trump back when No, that was not gonna happen. No way.


Welcome back to the Megyn Kelly Show. Dennis Quaid stays with us today. And now Dan Lauria who played Tip O'Neil in the movie Reagan, which hits theaters this weekend. They're here together. Dan, welcome. Thank you. Thank you for having us. So that scene kicked it off and then we'll get to the, the hospital scene, which was just one of the best of the movie. But what did you learn about their relationship when you were studying up on Tip O'Neill? Well, they didn't really know each other very well before Ronald Reagan came to the White House. I mean, they met each other, but they decided that they had found common ground that they could work on, and they did.


And during that process, they actually became very good friends. Hmm. It's just hard to imagine in today's day and age. Yeah. And this was a, a Democrat Congress. Yes. With a Republican president. And they got a lot done during that. A lot. A lot, a lot. Especially dealing with the Russians. There were a lot of Democrats that didn't wanna support Reagan and Tip O'Neill got 'em in line and said, no, no, this is bigger than politics. We gotta do it. And Reagan was always very gracious with his comments to and about Tip O'Neill. It's so, and they were called demo Reagan Democrats. Yeah, Yeah, that's right. And yeah, they have tax cuts.


Yeah. And then they also did a little tax raising too, actually. You know, it's compromising this way and that. Well, We gotta to the place where it compromise a dirty word now. Yeah. What line I, I love the line where I say to Dennis, you'll do anything to get a tax cut right after you shot. Yeah, You're Right. Okay. So that there's, this is one of the best scenes in the movie, and it's one of the ones that when it was done, and I've told this story before, but Mark Joseph is a friend of mine who's the executive producer of the show, of the movie. I was sitting with him and I, I just couldn't move in my seat. I was crying. I was just So are we Right? I was immobile. It was like, We've lost because we've lost that. It was Yes.


I loved Reagan, of course. And I, I I felt his loss and the loss of that sort of character Yeah. And leader. But this friendship and this ability to work with each other and not demonize everybody on their, on the other side. Right. I feel like it's slipping away day by day. And here it's embodied beautifully in a scene. You saw the attempted assassination scene and now here's the scene which actually happened of Tip O'Neill. The Speaker of the House, Democrat going to visit Ronald Reagan in the hospital after he'd been shot. Let's watch. Boy, he'll do anything to get that damn tax cut. I left specific orders. No Democrats within a hundred yards. You'll Have to grin and bear it.


How you Doing, pal? Well, I don't recommend getting shot. No. You know, tip, think there's, I think there was a reason for all this. There's a big job left to be done. And whatever time I have left, it belongs to him. Yay. Though I walk through the valley of the shadow of death, I shall fear no evil. Thou art with me. Surely goodness and mercy will follow me all the days of my life and I will Well in the house of the Lord forever.


That's so beautiful. Yeah. What, what, what was it like, like going into that? Did you feel a responsibility? Oh, very much so. And I have to tell you, I've been doing this for 50 years. Dennis made it so easy. 'cause If, you don't work together on a scene like that. It falls flat and you know, you know, we're on the opposite ends of the, but we're really like Tip O'Neill and Ronald Reagan. Yeah. But we found the common ground and Dennis said, go for it. And we went for it. And it's a good scene. It was like four in the morning here, is that right? Yeah. But it, Jeff, he, he was the first visitor to Reagan's other than Nancy, you know. Wow. After the assassination.


And they, they got together almost on a weekly basis. Oh yeah. O over, over at the White House. And I mean, you don't see that anymore. It's only when they have to, It reminds me, in another life, I practice law. And this is how it is for a lot of lawyers. You know, you do bare knuckled brawls all day long in the courthouse and in depositions and so on. But then a lot of times you're traveling to do depositions or whatever, and then you do go out for beer with each other at the end of the day, you know, and you Can check it. Yeah. And some of our presidents who've really gotten a lot done, it was because of the way they could work with the other party. I, I always think of LBJ and Everett Dirkson, they would go at each other all day long and then at night go over break, open the bourbon bottle and I wouldn't, yeah.


I wouldn't call a dog. What you called me today and everything. Well, I took an oath to tell the truth. LB It was, it was a lively debate. Yeah. It wasn't that long ago. You know, when I first started working at Fox, Bob Beckel was there, he was a democrat campaign guy for years. And he was grizzled, but he was one of those guys who would meet in the underground bars and have the scotch when he was still drinking with his Republican colleagues. And they talk sense about the race, you know, like the truth. Yeah. Right. Your guys going down. I know. And yeah, they'd be real honest with each other, that Circle of silence. Yeah. You know, the lawyers also have, and that, that think, you know, thing. The truth is is Republicans and Democrats, we deed each other.


They do. Oh yeah. Because they keep each other from going this way or too far that way. I mean, George Washington didn't want us to have political parties. He thought, you know, but I mean, you gotta have a, a pro and a con of, of a side, you know, to, in order to debate that. And so Well, and, and this is a time when it worked. Yeah. And I, there is a lot more common ground than we are made to believe. Right. You know, we have a lot more things in common and the politicians who are willing to work together, the ones who usually find that common ground, they exploit it and then we benefit from it.


But If, you don't get together. You can't accomplish anything. I mean, They do pass a lot of things in Congress that we just don't hear about it on the news. It's not news. That's true. And why don't They advertise anymore? I Mean, they don't want their constituents to know. Yeah, I guess So. Like I said, compromise is dirty word. I'd Say we agree on 70%. So that makes you a 70% friend, not a 30% enemy, which is Right. Kind of what it is. One of Reagan things. Yeah. So let me ask you this, Dan, there are a lot of conservatives in the movie. You know, Dennis is a, an independent who's voted on the right side of the aisle as well as left. But there's Kevin Sobo, there's Kevin Dillon, there's John Voight. So is there any, John Voight very right. John Voight very right.


Big, big Trump fan. But can I tell you, and I'm very left. Can I carry, so is there any risk to you and do it, like, do you, do you have to explain to your friends why you would act with these guy? I know how Hollywood Is. No, not at all. It's cool. And I'd like to share with you your audience. A very nice thing about John Voight. I am on the National Veterans Foundation Board, and whenever we've called John as veterans to come and present an award or do a fundraiser or even receive award, I, I presented John with the first Charles Durning acting award. Charles was like my father and the youngest man to land on Normandy. He was great. And he, he thought John Boyd's a hell of an actor, forget politics.


So John's always been there for the vets. So to, for me, I, I disagree with John politically about everything, but working together with him as it's like working with this guy. He's the best. Aw. You know, he embodied Reagan. I mean, it must've been like being around Reagan. Oh yeah. It was, it made it easier for me. You, so you mentioned the military, you're a former Marine Yes. Went to Vietnam. And I know you're very careful about characterizing exactly what you did in Vietnam in the right way. Oh yeah. I, you know, I always make it clear that we had orders go to Vietnam. They stopped us at Okinawa and we, technically, I'm a vet because we floated off the coast. We had to keep going. Then at the very end, I went in with a South Vietnamese unit to teach them to call in airstrikes.


But as soon as we got hit, they got us out of there. I, I don't, I'm speculating, but I think it's, they didn't want the public to think they were redeploying marines again. Well, God bless you for your honesty on that. But you ultimately got put on a commission that investigated back to the presidential assassinations. Oh, know that sadly, the JFK one worked. Yeah. And thi I had never heard this before. Dan, tell us about the recreation and what this expert marksman Colonel McMillan. Yes. He, he was the one who trained the, our Olympic team where they run through the snow and then shoot. So we had to recreate, it was at Quantico, Virginia and If, you look at the Senate investigation on assassinations on that, when they were at the firing range, the officer day, it says Lieutenant Dan Laureate.


So that's, You were There. My, my ex. I actually held the weapon, that oal Oh, really used. Oh yeah. Oh, the very one. Yeah. And 1978, is that the, what we're talking about the Investigation. That investigation, it came out, but we were investigated in 70, this is Not commission. Oh. 73, Not 10 years after. Oh yeah. This is just was way, had nothing to do with the Warren Commission, but, and I'll never forget it as long as I live, the bullet that went through Kennedy's throat easily could have been that terrible weapon that Oswald used could have been shot from that window. The bullet that took off the part of Kennedy's brain has to be a different weapon for one reason, the velocities are different.


Wow. That's what this expert marksman Said. And I remember Yeah. And I remember asking Colonel McMillan, who do you think did it? And boy, I gotta look, I'll never forget, that's not our job lieutenant. As long as people talk about who did it, they're gonna ignore the physical evidence That it was more than one person. That it has to be two weapons. Yeah. The, that's all we were Asking. Have you read unspeakable? Yes. Robert RFK recommended it, it takes all of the evidence that is there, including the stuff that's been released and puts it into cohesive gr in the Times. But it's, it's a 360 and it Right. And Ucci secret, He, he thinks it was the intelligence community.


I mean, he's told me that Yeah. Himself, Ally. Yeah. There's three frames missing. And it is a Bruta tape. And I think Ucci might have had a good theory. He thinks the security agent in the front seat, he pulls out his weapon, then there's three frames missing. He thinks he accidentally fired and that's what killed him. Oh, That's, you mean, is that what he went through the sign? Are You talking about Yeah, no, there's three frames actually cut out of the sa bruta tape. But it is part while it goes through the sign. Right. Everybody thinks, I mean, if that's what it, if it's just gross incompetence that actually, I mean, that's kind of where we are on the Trump investigation because the Secret Service had so many fall downs on the job that a lot of people are saying they were in on it or somebody was in on it.


And my instincts as a reporter covering Washington for 20 years is always vote for incompetence. You, you'll be right. More than you're Wrong. Right. You'll be right. But it, that is, it is a wound that is still there. A since 1963, I remember. Oh yeah, I remember that day. Everybody remember that day. Oh, sure. And there's a wound that is still there. That is never because you, you feel that things were withheld and the truth is out there. Yes. And we need to know in order to heal even Yeah. As a nation in order to go on. Well, look, If, you, I don't, don't, I don't think any president's ever gonna let us know it'll Trump had the chance to release every president.


Right. And, but I mean, you would think Trump would've, you know, he was big on like pulling back the curtain and busting things up. But he didn't. Tucker was just on last week saying it was because of Mike Pompeo who told him not to do it. But now he's saying that he'll put RFKJ in charge of declassifying certain things. So I mean, maybe we'll finally get to see what happened to his uncle. He wanted to, he Wanted to at more optimistic than I'm, Wait, Dan, can you tell the story about the three, the three dummy bodies that they shot through? They, They had three dummy bodies. They had a tower set up. The, the distance, by the way isn't as far as you think from the window in the book depository to the actual, to John f Kinnon.


But they shot from there and not once did that terrible weapon go through three body density dummies. Yeah. Then they put three dummies and they went straight on, head on with it. It didn't go through three bo. So that thing about the bullet going through through The magic bullet. Yeah, yeah. Making a right turn. Crazy. Yeah. That's, that's insane. Yeah. Into his, yeah. Yeah. Through his wrist and into his thigh. Yeah. Get outta there. I what, what did you think that, I mean, If, you buy that I got a bridge going to Brooklyn. I sell you Very, I'll ask you, as somebody who's actually served our country honorably and, and worked on this commission to figure out who was behind a presidential assassination. I just heard a disturbing story about a group of Democrats who I know who celebrated when they saw the Trump assassination attempt.


I was shocked to hear this. I wasn't there, but I was shocked. I don't know why you would be shocked, but I'm, I think we have negatives going both ways. I can't imagine celebrating the attempted assassination of any Democrat. You know, even somebody who I can't stand politically. I just can't imagine that. Well, when Kennedy was shot, there were those that were celebrating as well. There Were too. Yeah, there Were. And you know, at the time you take the see we just of, of the country and what was going on, there was a whole idea that Kennedy had really kind of, in a way lost control of the administration as far as behind the scenes Yeah. Of, of Vietnam. And, and what he was trying to do with that, that, you know, he would get these scenarios of nuclear attack that we Yeah.


And we ought to do. And remember to Kennedy one, one of the first advisors, the first person he called about, should we go forward was President Eisenhower. Wow. He went right to the military. Can you imagine if after the Trump assassination attempt, this is when we still had Joe Biden at the helm on the, you know, ticket to run again if he had shown up at the site or at the hospital. Well, He called immediately the next day. I know, but I'm just thinking like, yeah. And he said there's no place for violence. Yeah. And yeah, you know, I think he did what he could, but I just think that Tip O'Neill showing up there was an extraordinary act of like, politics are irrelevant. Right. Here I am. And, and it would be wonderful to see somebody do something. Yeah. Yeah. I don't think that we should take that the wrong way though.


You know, in, in a sense. 'cause we don't know what was spoken. Trump was actually very gracious about that telephone call himself. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah. That's What I'm not blaming Joe Biden. I'm just saying that I think the American people need, Well, I, I think the major difference is that Tip O'Neal and Reagan actually become friends. I don't think politics had anything to do with Tip O'Neill going there, or Reagan letting him in when no one else was. I mean, he wasn't trying to make himself look good. He couldn't get in the room, but tip he allowed in. And, and I, I think if more of our politicians took time to be friends, you know, we'd have a, a lot more compromises going on. You meet the other person's kids, you meet their spouse, you meet Miss Peaches, their dog.


Well, and you fall a little bit in love with them as a human. Yeah, Exactly. Well, John McCain, who I worked with twice, his first choice for vice president was not Lieberman, it was Biden. And Biden gave the eulogy in Arizona. He was the, you know, and they were very close friends and they worked together, especially on foreign relations. They worked together a lot. And and that was true of Tip and Reagan too. Oh yeah. Yeah. That was the area in which they found some common ground. I would hope that, that after this election is over, no matter who wins, but that we learn to talk to one another, one again to get back to that place. You know, it's been a big experiment going on for the last four years and America does that.


We did it back in the sixties, you know, we were pretty out there at a sense. And we do that. We come back to a center place where we can work together. Be Americans. That's A good point. We had a civil war and we managed to find our way back to one another. Hope Springs eternal. We're not done. Dennis and Dan, stay with me. And up next, Nancy Reagan. Penelope and Miller joins the party. Don't go away.


There are some football feelings you can only get with Bet MGM sports book. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, be hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at Bet MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly. See be mgm.com for terms 21 1 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I guess there's only one thing we'll have to do, and that is to launch an exhaustive in a detailed investigation. Well, of course I've retained an Attorney. Oh, there will be any need for that. We can knock this out over dinner. Excuse me. Yes, we can discuss it then, but I can't be late. I, yes, I have a early studio call tomorrow morning. Oh, well I'll have to check my date. Book Excuse. Yes. Yes. Well, Well, I, I think I can manage it, but I have an early call too. Well then it's a date. Yes. Yeah. Okay. Thank you.


Pleasure. Goodbye for now. Ah, that is Ronnie and Nancy meeting for the first time, as shown in the movie Reagan, which hits theaters tomorrow. As I said to you before a couple weeks ago, run, don't walk, make sure you go and support this movie. It's such a special piece about our country and ourselves and offers just a sprinkle of hope that we can find our way back to each other. Actors, Dennis, Quaid and Dan Lauria are still with me. Stars of the film. And now the woman who brings it home, Penelope Ann Miller who plays Nancy Reagan. So nice to have you here. Thank you.


It's so nice to be here. Thank you for having us. You nailed It. You nailed this part. What was the secret to doing that? Oh my gosh. Well it was, it was a daunting task for sure. And I was very nervous about playing somebody so iconic and so famous. And just so we know, peaches, the dog is snoring. If we're wondering what that sound effect is, I don't Think it's hitting air, but we're Enjoying. Sorry, I just wanted to make sure they dial down guys' making weird noises. So What's wrong with vanilla. I Was, she's Making weird noises. Anyway, just to clarify. But, you know, I did an enormous arou amount of research and I just really wanted to honor her legacy and, and paid tribute to this woman who existed and was quite prolific and a stateswoman.


And, and I, I just, I wanted to do right by her. And so it was really important that I get it right. And I really wanted to capture her essence and her spirit, rather than doing some sort of superficial external portrayal. And so to humanize her, obviously reading her memoir was huge for me. I read her book called My Turn, which it was, it was her turn. And, and, you know, just to hear things from her point of view, I spoke to her press secretary, Sheila Tate, I read her book, lady In Red. Here I am wearing Nancy Red and spoke to many, many people and watched videos and interviews. And much like Dennis, I mean, we just didn't wanna do these impersonation, like SNL characters or something.


So, But she channeled Nancy. It was really, it made my job so easy. I mean, it was, I like that it was even in the lunch line. I mean, it was, it was, do you, Do you guys remember That just was Nancy Award Ceremony Nancy Pants, where Nancy, lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper were like staring at each other. Everybody thought they were having a real life affair after that movie the way we were. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The Star Is born. Sorry, the, the Star is born. Thank You. Same idea. Everybody was like, are they actually, because the, the chemistry was so strong. That's how it was between the two of you in this movie where you're like, they seem I'd, it's acting, but like genuinely in love with each other. The pond scene, the plane.


I'm gonna show the plane scene After the assassinate, the attempted assassination. Yes. When I said I should have been there, I wasn't there. I I always walk on your left side. That scene really moves me, right. Because they really were inseparable and they were not just the Power couple, but they were a partnership and they Were, they were truly in love, In love. And he, He wrote her love notes. He was crazy for every day, even when after he was shot. Well, I think after his first marriage, I think he was so disillusioned, and I don't, I think he would, couldn't believe that he could find someone that would truly love him for him and believe in him. And I think it was her belief in him and belief in his greatness and his pur greater purpose is actually what catapulted him, not only from Governor of California, but to then to turn as president.


Yeah. She, she did not know she was marrying a future president at all. No. And she was very apolitical actually. She just didn't care what he did. She was a smitten kitten. And you see that in that first scene. Yes. I mean, she was crushing on that man. Yeah. For The listening audience. There was nothing in Nancy's date book whatsoever. No. She was just pretending she was busy. She was so excited. And I read this in her book. She was, I don't know if I can use this word, but she was titillated and very excited to meet, to meet Ronnie. And when she, there was, there was more than one Nancy Davis. And, and it, and she was the other, Nancy Davis was connected to the Communist Party. And so when she was working with Mervin Laroi, who's producing a movie, she said, you know, I need help with my name.


And, and he said, well, I, I, you can meet with the president of Screen Actors Gud, Ronald Reagan. And no joke, I saw this in an interview. She said, well, that would be just dandy. So she was very excited to meet Ronald Reagan, and she would, I think, go to his, his, his talks or speeches and watch him even when he was SAG president. Wow. But Jane Wyman, on the other hand, I think just wanted him to be a movie star. And She's played by Manis Mina, Ari Sari, who was wonderful in the film. Yeah. She really captured her as well. And, But she didn't seem to have much of an appetite for Ronald Reagan as, as his wife, unlike Nancy, who came along and saw Prime Rib and was All in.


And they, they lived a very modest life. I mean, you know, they were, he was working for General Electric to make some money, and then she would do the commercials with him, which you'll see in the movie. He was broke when they Met him. Yeah. It's amazing. You always think of the, you know, Hollywood types having a Lot or just being around Rich people. Well, you also have to understand too, that, that that was back up until, what, 1952 or 90% tax bracket Oh. gosh. And you know, from the Depression onwards, that's what it was 90% of in the upper bracket, 90% of what you made went to Uncle Sam. And we could be going back there soon. Yeah. And then you, and then you got state tax after that, by the way. Oh, Oh, gosh. The state tax. Yeah. Okay. That's horrifying.


Before. Well, I have all three of you here because in a minute it's just gonna be Penelope and yours. Truly. Can we talk about the attempted censorship of the movie and how crazy this is? Well, I said last I checked, Reagan wasn't running for president. Right. So I'm a little confused since it was, what, 40 years ago or something. Right. You know, that he, that he was in office and it's part of our history and our culture, and I, I, I actually don't even know. I know people from both sides of the aisle and in between. And I feel people are genuinely excited to see this film because these were the, these were the Reagan years. And I grew up in the eighties. And, you know, I, I don't understand it. I don't understand what, why this is not a political film.


Did When you played Mary Todd Lincoln? Well, it No. What Mary also a political figure. Yes. But Mary Todd was vilified like Nancy was, which we can get into later. But anyway, go ahead. Go ahead. Well, I think both sides, people from both sides of the aisle, am I afraid too, or, or outraged about any kind of censorship, right. We're talking about free speech. We're talking about a free market. Right. And it's, you know, if it can happen, once it happens, then it's going to happen to you eventually. It's always gonna happen to the other side. Eventually. That's what I'm talking. And our site, if we as a, just as a people just have wind up having this silent ascent to it over, you know, a period of time, then we get used to it.


And the next thing you know, we say, where did our freedoms go? Well, It's very interesting 'cause Mark Zuckerberg is out there this week saying, we were pressured. This is him in writing, saying we were pressured by the Biden administration during COVID and we submitted, and we shouldn't have submitted. We should have been more skeptical on the things that they wanted us to censor. And we regret that, and we're not gonna be doing that anymore. And at the same time, the Reagan, it's not, it's been a couple of clips that have gotten censored, but the, the paid promo to promote the movie much in the same way we just showed the audience with the trailer has been censored repeatedly. They said it was a mistake, and yet they continued doing It. Well, the reason it was censored and was because it was an attempt to influence an election, is What they claimed.


That's what they said. They said That's, that's what they said. And my point is, is that you, you banning or censoring that is itself an an attempt to influence an election by keeping information from a or one side of a information away from the, the, the American people. There's also many people in this film in, you know, including Dan and Mark Moses and Xander Berkeley. I mean, I could go on and on about people in this movie who aren't conservative Republicans. And it, it, it's, it's surprising to me because when we made this film, which was four years ago, it wasn't during an election. We didn't do it for political reasons. We did it because we're actors, we're artists.


We like, we wanna play real people. We wanna have these opportunities. And we did it because we thought this story about Reagan had never been told. Right. There's Not a ton of movies about him. No, Not that We our shoes from, no, well, in a way it was, I think it was fortuitous that covid delayed everything and it hit now because we're at a political fervor, which makes people more interested, I think, in our historical figures. Yeah. In the politics link But, it was just nonsensical for Facebook to, whether it was the automated algorithm or otherwise, they should have corrected it and said, for sure we need people to see this same as we need to, to see information about any of our political Leaders. Well, you know, that's why even we were talking about this earlier, even the people who were, who posted about glad or like he missed, you know, about, about the Trump assassination, you know, in the end you have to defend their right to say anything that they want.


Sure. In the end. Otherwise, it's it's free speech. That's what it is. Yes. We're you're allowed to say, I mean, we, this is something the young people today don't understand. Hate speech is protected by the US Constitution. That's what makes America special's, right? Yeah. That's one of, we have a gorgeous about us. Yeah. You can say dumb things, Hateful things. That's what we live in a free country. Yeah. We, we want this, we want to stand by those, those there are forefathers created this and got out of communism and, and dictatorship. That's why we live here. And That's, and then somebody can stand up and tell you, you're an idiot. That's fine too. That Right. Right. That's, that's why it's okay to burn the American fight The people versus Larry Flint.


You know, so many things. The civil rights movement, we go back the house of un-American activities, all all of that stuff. Dennis told me they need more. That Yeah. That I, that my quote I gave was censored that I gave to a publication. Right. In support of the movie. Right. So they that got censored too. Yeah. Well, I think your interview, we'll just wait to see if this gets, because the thing was, it's that it happened. We, I, I wrote a letter to Newsweek, which, you know, turned into an article. Facebook's two hours later after it came out, apologized that it was their automated systems that it picked up with buzzwords or whatever it was.


It was because it was an, you know, trying to influence an election and that they were going to correct that. And they were sorry about it. Fine, we'll move on. But then three days later it happened again and it happened the next day and it continues to happen. And so why is that? Well, I'm gonna read my quote right here, because Yeah. Let's see it. I have a lot of business in Washington show. Here is what I said, what I wrote. The irony in Facebook banning Reagan ads is that this is a movie about a historical figure who yes. Was a politician, but whose bipartisanship and friendship with Democrats is an important theme of the film. It's a movie about America and how we used to talk to each other and respect each other, irrespective of political differences on cue Facebook bans promotion of the film.


Apparently seeing it as socially divisive. Facebook has embarrassed itself and done a disservice to the nation with this moronic decision. I was Right. Standby my statement a Hundred percent. Right. I mean, if we allow this to keep on going the, it's the social media. I mean, and the tech giants have gotten so big. I mean, there's, it's getting to the point of together, they may be more powerful than the, than the government. It's certainly, as far as getting the word out and things That I'm a liberal. I'm against all censorship. Yeah, you're good Books. Old school liberal. You Guys didn't bring that. And if, if We allow this to keep on going, then we're headed towards oligarchy. Dan. Conservatives don't wanna ban books.


They don't. Oh, really? Well, I can speak to this from somebody who's pushed for some of these. So-called bands. I don't want, You're gonna lose this though. Sorry. I don't want the disgusting sexual content in K through 12 schools. That's what I, you can get it online. What? You can get an Amazon. Do you? Yeah, but see there's no definition of what you call sexual contact. Well, we have a list of books. There's, there's a list of books that goes Around. Oh, there's a list of books. And I wouldn't ban those. Well, look, I mean I'm not talking about poetry. I'm talking about like, here's how you do anal sex. It's a no no, no, no. I don't think you'd define anybody who would disagree with you on that. I have. But when you take out certain words outta books, 'cause they're not right. Or you're gonna place God in the book where it isn't supposed to be.


That's just as bad as that. You, they start getting into Lenny Bruce Tower. I'm not Disagreeing. I Lenny Bruce, let me get it straight. I'm not disagreeing with you about the Reagan movie. That's terrible. Yeah. If that's true, that is terrible. You'll have as many liberals fighting for you as Right. As you will conservatives. But to be, again, where are those areas of compromise, you know? And I think when you say sexual intent, who's gonna prove that? I mean, I mean, I mean, you know, men don't understand that about the abortion issue. Roe v. Wade, how it affects men. Because in it, there's a clause about profanity. And the first thing about profanity that the person who brought it up was transgender, then the next step will be anal sex is profanity.


And then we'll go all the way back to interracial marriage. So I think when somebody blatantly says sexual content, well, what do you mean about sexual? Well, it's true. I mean, sexual content can be, you Have to define those things. What is profanity and what, and you're gonna find more and more people like us will agree once we discuss this and put limits on it, because We doing that, we can't guarantee you it's going to come back at you. It's going to happen to you. Yeah. But I will say, look, I mean we've been covering this in depth. You guys are, I understand informed, but in a different business. We cover this at length on the show. And if I, if I, if I pulled out the list of books and the content right here, I totally agree with you would be totally uncomfortable. Agree on I'm on your side about that.


Yeah. I think that's a thing for parents to decide. Actually I just don't want it in my kid's elementary school. Exactly. Like If, you wanna share that with your kid? God bless. You can get an Amazon do that. I just don't, I don't want my kid wandering by some kid reading about that stuff. We all remember when sex education was in school and how controversial it was until we determined that it wasn't until the junior year of high school, at least in New York, it was, I don't know about the other place. Mm. And then it was, okay, we can deal with that. Yes. Older kids can handle more than the Younger. 'cause we saw enough kids getting pregnant and Yep. Getting involved too early. So there are compromises on these things. Agreed. But I just, I just don't like the blatant No, they're wrong. Look, I'm old Enough that I remember the whole like, Do parents have a, do parents have, you know, the rights over their children.


Yes. Determine what they're gonna have versus the government. That's what all that We, So we're getting deep into the weed. That's why they have the right to send Public. And on that note, Sally, we had to say goodbye to Dennis Ned, but to be continued you guys, congratulations. What a wonderful film. Always have a fantastic time. Oh, Thank you for having Us. Really. Thank you Megan. Thank You. Alright. To be continued. You've gotta check out the movie If. you wanna see more? You won't be disappointed. You will thank me. You will send me an email Megan at m Kelly dot com and thank me. But Penelope stays with me. 'cause we gotta get into the love story. And I have to tell you, Dennis I know has been reading Hillbilly Elegy by JD Vance. I see a lot of parallels here in some ways between what Usha j D's wife has done for him and what Nancy Reagan did for Ron.


So we'll talk about her, her role in this story in two minutes.


I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey. And yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


There are some football feelings you can only get. Get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. Cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER


Penelope Ann Miller who plays Nancy Reagan in the incredible new movie Hits theaters tomorrow. Reagan is with me. So Penelope, you studied Nancy Reagan and she, it does occur to me, as you pointed out, she was absolutely pilled by the media when he was actually the president. Yeah. Yeah. And you said that was also the case with Mary Todd Lincoln, which I actually don't. Yeah, there's some parallels. 'cause I played Mary Todd Lincoln too, and she was vilified. I mean, a as we all know, you know, president Lincoln, Abe Lincoln was very admired and, and beloved and, and they didn't like Mary. And, and I think the same for, for Reagan.


I think Ronald Reagan was a very popular beloved president. I mean, some people obviously didn't like him, but, but as far as Nancy goes, my goodness, I mean they really attacked her. And it started almost right away. 'cause she redecorated the White House. And when she said she got there, she said it was in shambles. I mean the plumbing, the electricity, the, the rugs were fray. The, the furniture, the curtains. And she thought of this, this, she said, this isn't my home. This is the people's home. So she was proud and thought, you know, I want it to look appropriate when we're having people come to visit. And it was actually Mary Todd Lincoln that started the public viewing of the White House.


She did the same thing. She redecorated the White House, but I think because it was a civil war and the depression and so on and so forth, I think she was maligned for it. Whereas Nancy raised privately funded money to, it wasn't taxpayer money to redecorate the White House. And then there was the whole, the China controversy where she got all the new red China. It was because there, when she, I think their first dinner was Margaret Thatcher and they said, and there was some comment about how there were so many mixed China sets and it's because there was not a complete set anymore. They'd either been shipped or broken or stolen. You know, people take a little bread paint and put in their purse and say, I've got a souvenir. So once again, she said, we're having politicians and presidents and dignitaries from all over the world.


I wanna have proper China. So she was maligned for that as well and, and their fashion. So Mary Todd loved fashion was getting like the finest silks from France and having a dress maker. And they, who happened to, they started an abolition charity together. Mary Todd Lincoln was fascinating. We can get into that. All I can think of is the hair, the middle part and the hair and the Other. Yeah. And she lost three boys. Three sons. She had melancholy. She was also, you know, people loved her 'cause she had seances and I think it was her way of dealing with her grief. Yeah. Whereas Nancy did astrology. Yeah. And, you know, attempted assassinations.


Very similar parallels between those two women. And, and Nancy said she cried a lot of the eight years in the White House in her memoir. Oh no. She, she really felt attacked and didn't know why people disliked her so much. And it's funny, when you look at her, you see this very stoic, regal woman. Yes. And I think in a, and, and maybe it made her seem cold and she was very like fiercely protective of her husband. And I think it just made her maybe not appear warm and fuzzy or, or or approachable, but I think it was sort of an armor. I think it was a protective shield. Yes. That she had That makes perfect sense. Yeah. But she needed that strength behind the scenes. He needed her strength behind the scenes.


And this is what the point I was trying to make before we went to break. You know, Dennis had mentioned, you know, before that he's reading Hillbilly Elegy or recently read it. And I know JD Vance a bit, and I know that Usha, his wife played and continues to a critical role in his life and his development as a man. Yeah. That she, he told me personally, she, she helped show him how to love how to be in a relationship. Yeah. That's, that's so interesting that you point that out. And because as, as I mentioned before, he was really hurt from Reagan was hurt by his first marriage to Jane Wyman.


She was a movie star. She wanted him to be a movie star. He started to get more political being screen actors Guild president. And she had absolutely zero interest in politics. She hated it. And he really wanted to help. And that was something that he felt very strongly about. And so that was sort of the demise of, of their marriage. And so by the time when they got, and he also believed you marry once. And, and I think he just didn't trust that he could find that kind of relationship. And so I, it took him longer. I mean, as I said before, Nancy was quite smitten. I immediately, but she was really patient with him because I think to trust again and to believe and to believe in a marriage and to believe in a love.


And I do think, just like you said about JD Vance's wife, I think, and that's why he wrote her all these love letters is because I think once he found this and it was real, and it was true that I think he just appreciated her so, so deeply that he wanted to prove it to her all the time. And he wrote this book, and that's the cover of the book. And it's called I Love You Ronnie, and it's all the Love letters. He wrote her and notes just telling her how he appreciated her and the fact that, you know, no one, she don't sign up for the job of First Lady and, and, and how much he also appreciated her constant support. And you know, that thing with a man behind a woman or behind every great man is a woman.


But also you can be, there's a lot of misogyny there as well. 'cause I think when there's a woman behind a man, she's manipulative and conniving and devious. And, and I am sure you've dealt with this in a lot of areas of, of your career, but a man behind a man is a strategist. Right. You know, and I just, and I've, I just feel like they, they don't like strong, powerful women. And And she wasn't somebody who was seeking power. No. She really Was. We saw that with other first ladies. She was, she wasn't like that. No. She didn't care about being famous or powerful. I mean, she liked wearing her fancy dresses. Oh, interesting. Just really on a side note, the one person who did all this and redecorated the White House and had great fashion who was beloved was Jacqueline Kennedy.


Yes. That's True. So it's interesting. And Look at what happened to Melania. I mean, I'm sensing a pattern here with the Republican. Firstly, he's, it's, It's, it is kind of interesting, I have to say. But I, I do think that, you know, she, she really was, she believed in his greater purpose and that he, she wanted him to be happy. And there's that scene in the movie where I say, or Nancy says, you know, I've had to share you my whole life, but that's what I signed up for and I want you to be happy. And she knew when he, he didn't win the second time you ran. And he wanted to, she knew he he wants to run again. Yeah. And I believe in this man, and I believe in his greatness. And he even said, and so did Ron Jr.


At the Memorial. My dad would never have been president of the United States if it wasn't for my mother. I believe that. Yeah. Watching the, and I think she propelled him Watching the story. And also I think she was important because he was so sunny and optimistic. Mm. True. She was the realist. She was the cynic. Yeah. You know, like, listen, you're in trouble. We have a bit of that in this one scene. Before I show it, can you just tell us about the Air Force one shots? 'cause this is shot on Air Force One. Yeah. We got to shoot at the Reagan Library as well as the Reagan Ranch, which was incredible because of course all their furniture hadn't been touched and their clothes in the closet. And, but going to the Reagan library was incredible.


'cause we, we were on the actual plane Air Force one that they would fly in. So we're sitting in the chairs and doing these scenes that they were in and walking around. And it was, it's not a Trump plane. I mean, I mean No, This is, this is a little plane, you know, so not as big as it used to be. But we were also on Marine One. And just to be able to shoot in those places that they actually lived in. Yeah. And just feeling their spirit and their energy. And it, it was pretty phenomenal. It raises the stakes for you. It's like, oh, it does Oh. gosh, you want, I'm sure you wanna Do thank God for the hair and the makeup in the wardrobe because that team, that creative team that we had on on the movie, did an amazing, amazing job of recreating us to look as close as possible to, to these people.


Yes. I was saying to Dennis, you totally forget that you're actors embodying these parts. You think you're looking at the actual people. I hope so. That's what we hope. Yeah. Here's a bit of a scene when Ronald Reagan, Iran Contra hit, did we trade arms for hostages? And he was in danger of being impeached. And his wife Nancy knew it. Watch Honey, you know, Washington, you know, the way it works, it's politics. That's all You're talking Impeachment. Go impeachment. Yes. They wanna destroy you. They're putting you on trial, removing you From office. This isn't about politics anymore. This is about you. Everything is at stake.


One more headline, one more star witness, one more arrest. And they will do it. I have cooperated with him. I appointed a special prosecutor. I've turned over every document I have. What would you have me do? I want you to fight or this is all over. And he listened to her. Yeah, he did. Y you know, she, she was influential in a lot of ways. I mean, she really pushed for the Peace talks as well. And she, she was actually, because I read it in her memoir, you know, she said, you better go before another, another one dies because they kept dying, you know, the, the Russian presidents.


And so that was a really important for really important. That's portrayed in the movie too. It's like the Russian, they keep dying. Yes. It was just so funny. Another One die, another one dies. Yeah. It was, it was wild. It was, there's so much that you don't know that I found. And I love history too. And I, I feel like, you know, I don't, I want us to remember our history. You know, it's, it's, it's part of our heritage and our culture and I think it's so important. But there's so many things that I found that people have seen this movie, including myself, who did the, the research too. And there was so much that I didn't know there was so much about Reagan. I didn't know. And I think what's cool about a film like this is, and it's not a political drama.


It is a biopic. And it's finding out about all the things that we can't see. Like being the fly on the wall and finding out about these relationships. And that's why at the heart of it is the love story. How, How about the guy who's camp camping out in the tent who becomes a Speech reader writer. Oh my God. Hysterical. Right? Is that real? I actually forgot to ask Mark Joseph whether that's a real story. Apparently it was. That's insane. Yeah, it's insane. Right. And then, and then she says, oh, you know, he, he won't talk to you for five minutes. He'll talk to you for hours. That's why Nancy won't let the guy in the tent come in. Yeah. And she, that's when again, she said, it's my job. Your job is to be out there and be charming. And he was, he was disarming and charming and, and wanted to be loved and everything But it was, she felt it was her job to be paying attention and to look out for him.


But She, those love letters are really telling, because when the movie closes with Reagan's Alzheimer's diagnosis, which is just so sad. I know, you know, that this is plaguing 6 million Americans and we still don't have a cure and doesn't look like we're really close to a cure all these years later. How many have to go? Margaret Thatcher had a, he had that issue, obviously she was an American Sandra Day O'Connor. So many millions of Americans. But he, when he found out he had it, wrote a love letter to all of us Yeah. To the American people and to Nancy wanted Us, wanted us to look out for her. Oh, I know. It's so heartbreaking. Yeah. Because he knew what, how painful and the grief that she was gonna have watching him, you know, living through this, this horrible disease.


And it's really quite beautiful actually. And, and we don't talk about enough the the Alzheimer disease and how, how tragic it is, but to see this great man, to see this man that she loved. So, I mean, I even at the end of the movie and the credits when she's, I, that's what got me the casket meke where she won't let go of the casket. She's literally like leaning on over it and kissing it and kissing it. And it's just, it's so heartbreaking. I know. Even, you know, the, my other favorite, well that wasn't a scene in the movie, but it's the real life thing. But it, it was after the assassination attempt when she comes to the hospital and she's saying, you know, I should have been there.


'cause they were really inseparable. And she said, I always, I always walk on your left. And then he said, But, it would've been you then. And she felt so guilty for not being there for him. But the thought of losing him then was, was horrifying. That's, That is one of the things that's most beautiful about the movie. Mm. So I watched it with my husband, I watched it with Mark the first time, and then I watched it with my husband the other day. And I really think that was like, when we watched it together, that was our number one takeaway. It was just a reminder of how lucky we are to have each other, to have found true love. I like to sit, believe, and I do that. My husband and I love each other the way those two loved each other. Yeah. And it's great to see that celebrated.


Yeah, absolutely. So often, like The TV these days is talking about the extra marital affairs. And this one's three people in the re it's like, It's A beautiful relationship, a beautiful marriage in which they both loved and supported each other. Yeah. And a true partnership. And I think it's so, like you said, refreshing to see in a film. And I think that's what tugs at your heartstrings and that's what makes it emotional and why you care about these people, regardless of how famous they were. It, it, it, it humanizes them. And it, and it, and also it's, it's a great example of a, of a real love and a partner where you lift each other Yeah. And you support each other and you have each other's back.


And she was his rock. And I, I, I think it is beautiful and I think that's why people get emotional at the end of the movie. And, and, and this is what's fun about going to the movies is to me, is to have, you know, to feel something. Yeah. To not just be assaulted that Right. With these special effects and, you know, horror movies that are assault on our, on our, you know, totally bodies and, and, and emotions. I, I feel like to be able to actually have a character driven story, a good old fashioned movie about a real person, you learn, you learn about history, but you also entertain and, and you also feel something. And I think that's why we love going to the movies.


So I hope that will be the reason people wanna go see it. So, last question, have you had any weird feedback because you're the Nancy Reagan, a Republican in the movie about a great Republican. Is that dicey at all for you in Hollywood? I really, like Nancy has stayed very outta the politics of it all. I, I, you know, I, I never get into politics. I honestly very smart. I honestly feel people don't care what actors think. That's very smart. I really think that it's actually, it makes people wall their eyes. I'm not here to have, I'm not here to tell anybody how, who they should vote for, how they should vote. That's not my business. That's not, I'm even in that line of business that's, you know, other people out there such as yourself and other people go at it, you know.


But my job is to be an artist to entertain, to embody different people no matter whether you like them or not. I don't judge who I'm playing. You know, I played Dahmer's mom, you know, I played Mary Kay Lano, went to prison for, you know, I mean, I've played some pretty controversial characters, but I, I, I feel it's my job to, to to play people that we can learn about and maybe be inspired and maybe say, Hey, I won't make that choice, or I'll make that choice. Or this was in America. That was a really interesting time. Like the eighties were in the Reagan years. So I that's, that's my job. God bless you. So I think it was comedian Andrew Schultz who came on the show and said we'd be so much better off if everybody would just do their job.


Stay, stay in their lane, just do the job. Yeah. That you actually have. Yeah. And there's some wisdom there. It's so nice to meet you. So nice to meet you. Congrats. Yeah. The film is spectacular. Thank you. I'm sure it's gonna be a wonderful few months for you. I hope So. Yeah. Don't forget, it's called Reagan, it hits tomorrow. Run. Don't walk and take the whole family. Take the whole family. You can take your littles. I mean, maybe not like five year olds. Yeah. But certainly 10-year-old and up my 15-year-old. Old really enjoyed it. Yes. My family. My kids too. Yeah. And my youngest is 11 and Wow. He absolutely loved it. Amazing. And they had a bunch of follow up questions and it's historical film. So cool. So they'll learn something about love that history in our country. All the best. All right, you too. Thank you. All right. Up next country star Clint Black joins us. He also put me in tears and I'll explain how when he explains his role in this movie.


Next,


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Joining me now, musician Clint Black, who plays a very powerful role in the new movie Reagan. And it's an unexpected one. Clint, welcome to the show. Thank you. Okay. So lemme tell you something. Yeah, That's, it was a very unexpected role for me. I went, I saw this film with Mark Joseph, the producer, and I loved it. And I cried and it was spectacular. Then I saw it this week because I wanted to remind myself of everything that was in it in advance of today and up Pops Clint Black singing a song that will bring me to my knees in tears on a regular day, nevermind when it's sung by you over Ronald Reagan's final moments in this scene.


Here's a little bit of Clint Black singing a song You will all know, All my memories gather around her miners, lady stranger, two blue water, dark and dusty, painted on the sky. Misty taste of moon shine, teardrop in my eye. Country Roads take me home to the place I belong.


West Virginia Mountain Mama Take me Home Country Road. Oh, just a crusher. Clint, you've sold over 20 million albums. So what gave you the confidence to actually dip a toe into the John Denver world? Oh, I've had my toe in that world since I was a teenager. I I've sung that song. Oh, I don't know. Who knows. 10,000 hours worth Wow. Along with so many of his other great songs and got to sing with him on a TV show once.


And you know, these things come your way. You don't expect them and you don't say no, So you don't say no, but you're recognizing the bigness of the moment, right. Because you've got John Vander, of course. But you've got the final scene about this epic American figure who's a hero. So does that affect the way you're gonna do this? Or whether you take it on at all? Yeah, I, you, you have to do it with reverence, both to the original artist and to the scene. All the people behind the scene and the man they're portraying in that really special moment in his life.


You were not, and You, you have to be reverent. You were not the only big star to lend his voice to the movie Bob Dylan and Gene Simmons both singing songs for the movie, which is pretty extraordinary. Like, why do you think you and these other guys are willing to participate in this? Because none of you really needs the money. So what's the, what's the point? Well, First of all, Dennis is a pal and I would support him in anything. I'm a huge fan, very happy for him to have such an important role portraying an American president revered by so many. So I was thrilled to jump in just because of Dennis, but also understanding the context and singing a song I've sung so many times, which I, I think is just a, an amazing composition.


I, I, I just, I didn't even give it a second thought. It was, I, I, I had to really work hard to get it done. I came, I ca came in on my tour bus, got a little bit of sleep, got up the next day, worked all day into the evening to, to get my part done, and then got back on the bus left town. I don't usually work that way, but I was not going to miss this chance. No, I know that you've got a little bit of experience with Donald Trump because I know you were on Celebrity Apprentice and he fired you, but did you have any kind of experience with I Was glad With Ronald Reagan.


I mean, did, what did you think of him? I didn't have any, and I, I had limited impressions because in my youth I didn't pay that much attention. Although there were big moments that you couldn't not see. Even though I, I didn't get a lot of TV watching time. I was either setting up my gear, playing in a bar, bringing my gear home and sleeping all day to do it again. So I didn't see a lot. But looking back, there's a lot of context. I read a biography on him, I read as many as I can. I'm a big history buff. So I did have more well-rounded impression of him.


And what, what I loved about him most was his sense of humor. I loved his joke telling. He was quick on his feet. I loved, you know, communism in some, in some ways is getting a good name. I don't like it. I'm glad that that was his mission in life, to fight it. Apart from that, I, I don't go much deeper. To me, you know, he was, I I I think, I think we were all, all of us, no matter where we stand on politics, I, I think in his time we were much closer together than we are now. And it's sad to see I'm already blocking people on, on Twitter for attacking me, for singing a song No.


In this movie. And yeah, I I I don't give it more than a second of my life. I've gotten very quick at blocking. I don't have any time for intolerance. I have friends from every walk of life and every political persuasion. I always joke that I, I allow the people I love to be as misguided as they need to be. Right. And I, I love them for what is lovable. And, and I, I I try very hard not to hate. That's very Reagan esco. You, I mean, I, I know what you're saying. I actually, I'm always kind of disappointed when I see somebody I love as a performer, especially a musician, because music is so transformative.


It just, it can improve your mood like that. It's just such a special piece of most people's lives that I don't want any negative associations with the person whose music I love. So as a consumer of the product, I thank you for that. I don't, I think we should have less politics in our music than we have right now. I mean, I'm sure you've seen a lot of this happening around you. Yeah. I I feel like if someone's passionate about a policy or, or a principle that, that, that doesn't affect me if they, if they turn ugly about it and start attacking people who disagree with them.


And, and on a personal level, I think policy debate is, it's, it's where it all started at the, the Continental Convention and all the compromises that had to take place to, to form this union. And, and if we can't have that, then we don't have a country. But If, you turn it into something personal then I think you've gone down the wrong path. What Do you think, I mean, I do wonder 'cause some people aren't that ginger about it, they go off into the political lane in music. And then to me it seems like you'd be having your audience, right. You'd be cutting your audience right in half. I I respect my audience too much.


I appreciate them too much to, to make them feel like I, I don't respect, I don't respect their, their role as an American durability, their, their rights and, and all of that. I wanna entertain them so badly that I will do my best to not taint that with something that's offensive. What do you, what do you make, because one of the things I love about Reagan is you cannot help but feel patriotic when it ends. You know, you, you're just reminded of the things that make us special as a country, as Americans. And I, I think given your line of work, you experience that more than most on a daily basis.


So where do you think we stand as a country right now when it comes to our patriotism? You know, I, I feel like we mostly, I think we mostly all want the same things. We wanna look after that single mom who almost doesn't stand a chance to, to raise her kids. Well. We, we all want the education to be the best in the world. We all want the security and the safety in our communities. We all want so many of the same things. And I believe where the disagreements come in are, are how to achieve that. And I often think of it in terms of mom and dad.


Mine were very different. My mother was very tolerant and would would just, we could just make her bend over backwards so far, my dad, he said, no once and If, you pushed it. You were gonna be in trouble. And, and I, and I often think of that as, as an analogy to our political climate. And I think if we all appreciated that, that we all really want the same things and let's find the compromises to get those things, we would be much closer together. Having been on the road and performed in front of so many different venues and to such success.


What do you love about this country? When you go out there and you meet real Americans all the time and you see people behind the scenes, what makes you love the country? Well, I appreciate the, the history, I appreciate the sacrifices to create this document that governs us. The Constitution, I appreciate the, the fact that, you know, I was, I was living hand to mouth and, and have managed to build a business and raise a family. You know, I appreciate how much alike we all are. I don't care if you're in New York or Maine or Alabama or Texas If.


you get away from the hustle and bustle of things and meet people. One-on-one, I think we're so much alike, you know, country folk or country folk, city folk or city folk and If. you get people out of the city and away from the, the stresses of a city, then there'll be so much like country folk. You, you just wouldn't believe it. We might need a few lessons in order to survive on the ranch, however, I just a little training Not to, and a lot of country folk could be happy to give those lessons. Clint, thank you so much.


Thank you for bringing me one of my favorite songs in a new version that was spectacular and that really did make me cry. The ugly cry, but in a good, in a great way. All the best to you. Okay. I, thanks for having me on Anytime. Take care. Anytime. And my thanks to Dennis Quaid Dan Lauria and Penelope Ann Miller. Please check out this movie. I, yes, I know the filmmaker, but I would not be selling it to you in the way that I am. If I didn't believe in it. If I didn't believe that you will love it. That would be my credibility on the line. So trust me, it's amazing. You can Find out more about the movie If you want@reagan.movie and then go see it, go see it with your family and your friends and talk to about, to us about it.


You can email me Megan at m Kelly dot com Tomorrow we are going to have our reaction to the big Kamala Harris interview tonight with her emotional support governor. We'll see how she does with her big white blankie next to her across from Dana Bash. We'll see. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.