
With the Mediterranean right around the corner, your perfect bowl or Pita is waiting at Kava. Enjoy our new juicy grilled steak. Or one of over 17 billion delicious combos. Order on the app, or in one of over 50 kava locations.


In the DMV, There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book, born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM in game sense. Remind you to play responsibly cbet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. We are in the home stretch now of the 2024 election. And like any election, but particularly one is wild as this one has been, we should expect surprises, right? We're gonna get, I, I don't know what they'll be, but we're gonna get 'em. We do every October. But will they matter? Can they matter in this race? Early voting is underway in record numbers, even for the GOP this time around. And Vice President Kamala Harris' Media tour continues this time with an NBC interview last night, NA CNN Town Hall.


Tomorrow, later today, we're gonna be joined by Dave McCormick. He's running for US Senate in the crucial state of Pennsylvania. He's running against the incumbent Bob Casey, who had been favored to win this all along. But McCormick is tightening that race up and how in the final weeks of this campaign and has a real shot at possibly taking another seat. You know, the, the Republicans are accurately deducing that they're gonna get West Virginia. It now looks like a lock in Montana. So if they hold onto all the seats that they already have and take those too, they'll be in control. But they'd love to have some cushion.


'cause let me tell you, two years from now, the map looks a lot worse for them. And they could lose maybe Nebraska, they're saying probably not now, but they could. So they'd really wanna keep, you know, the numbers high by winning an additional state like Pennsylvania, which would give them firm control in the Senate. 51 49. It's the other way around right now. Okay, first though, joining me to kick off the show, the three hosts of the morning meeting a fast-growing interactive show on the two-Way YouTube channel, which was officially launched today, even though I've seen it before today, but it's the official launch today. Mark Halperin is Editor-in-Chief of two-Way. Sean Spicer is a former White House press secretary and host of the Sean Spicer Show.


And Dan Turntine is a former Democratic strategist.


This fall stay cozy with Cozy Earth, where luxury meets comfort. And every product turns your home into a sanctuary after a busy day. It's time for relaxation. And Cozy Earth helps you embrace that calm. Lemme tell you about you, about the bamboo sheet set, made from 100% premium visco from bamboo. They're incredibly soft and breathable, helping you sleep cooler. They get softer with every wash and come with a 10 year warranty. And for cozy nights in the Women's Bamboo pajama set is a must. This lightweight, stretch knit design sleeps cooler than cotton, keeping you just the right temperature all night long. What sets Cozi Earth apart? Their commitment to quality from responsibly sourced materials to innovative fabrics that will not pill or wear down, plus that 10 year warranty says it all. Ready to wrap yourself in luxury this fall? Go to cozi earth.com/megan and use code MEGYN for up to 40% off your order. That's Cozy Earth dot com slash Megan. And if you get a post purchase survey, tell him you heard about Cozy Earth from the Megyn Kelly Show.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Dear You, thanks for having us. Good day, Megan. Okay, so Mark, let's kick it off with you yesterday making news on two fronts. One, you said, if things keep going this way in terms of the mail-in vote, the early mail-in vote, I guess mail-in and early voting, then we will likely know before election day who has won, suggesting it would be Donald Trump. So what are you saying? Why, how, where do you get that from? W well make sure you put the if in all caps, because this was not like total theoretical, hypothetical, but the point is, Republicans are off to a surprisingly good start in the view of Democrats, independent analysts and Republicans in how they're competing in the early, early vote mail in and in person, Dropbox, all that kind of voting.


The, the, the likelihood is Democrats argue that things will even out, that their lead will not be as big in the early vote as it was in 2020. But. it would be big enough to withstand what everyone expects will be a superior performance on election day by the Republicans. This is not the way it's been since time in Memorial, but for the last few cycles, Republicans have swarmed to the polls on election day. And the question is, do they have big enough advantage on election day offset the early vote this year because Republicans so far, so far are doing better on early vote. Some people believe that if the trajectory continues, this would lead to an election day where the Democrats couldn't catch up.


I'm I'm saying on this trajectory, it's not a prediction, it's not rooting for Trump. And I don't think it's particularly controversial. The big question is we discuss in the morning meeting all the time is who's voting early? Is it Republicans who otherwise wouldn't vote? Or is it Republicans who are moving their vote from election day to the early vote? Either way, right? But, but Democrats are hoping to do better and need to do better. But Mark, even if it is Republicans moving their vote from election day to the early vote, that's a good thing for Republicans. Is it not? Because it's a, it's a vote in the bank, bank In the bank. It's not dependent on whether or the kids getting sick, et cetera, And. it allows the people canvassing to focus their efforts on people who have not yet cast a vote A hundred percent.


So that's one advantage for Republicans. Another thing to look at is the per the percentage of the vote in Georgia, for instance, is lower in terms of black participation in the election than it normally is. Will it even out? Is it possible that black voters will vote what I like to call late, early? Yes, it is, but all I said yesterday was early. If things stay the way they are, then Democrats are in big trouble in most of the battleground states where we have early voting data. You know, Megan, I spent two, Two elect. I mean, it was a reaction to the extraordinarily high numbers for Republicans on the early vote that we haven't seen. I get it. Go ahead, Sean. Yeah, I was gonna say, I spent two psych, two presidential cycles at the RNC having to make excuses why we weren't doing as well in early vote, right?


That we were gonna vote on election day. That the, the other side, the Democrats were cannibalizing their election day voters and just getting to vote early. I, I now know what it's like to be on the other side watching Democrats use the excuses that I used for two cycles. The, the fact of the matter is Republicans have never done well in modern history with these kind of numbers. You look at Nevada, for example, that they both Clark County where Vegas is and Washau and Washau County, where Reno is, we're crushing it. Nevermind the rural counties where we traditionally do better. They're, they're in big trouble. Republicans were up 12,000 votes in the early vote in Nevada. That was the one state, the one state where I was really nervous was Nevada and not so anymore.


This is great news for Republicans, and to your point, Megan, there are some estimates that to get to contact a voter early on is about 12 bucks. If you have to keep pursuing them, it costs on average about a hundred bucks. So the earlier that a voter votes on the Republican side, we save about $88. That's money that can be used to go after what we call low propensity voters. People who only vote in one of four or two of four elections. Plus you've gotta get these people who just registered out, which we're seeing really good numbers on in voter registration in places like Pennsylvania, North Carolina, Arizona. So for Republicans, this is like the kid that was getting an f suddenly getting a b plus or an A minus.


You're ecstatic as a parent, Dan, how are Democrats seeing this early voting data? We'd rather be Sean Spicer right now than, than than no one ever Said that, Dan, no one has ever said that. Look, I think Democrats are nervous. I I mean, Megan, you said it, whether it's a new voter, preexisting voter, we'd rather have them in the bank in the, in the column than not. And what is concerning is that, you know, traditionally the Democrats run up the score in the urban areas and so far what we're seeing is urban turnout is low. And we've talked about it on the morning meeting. We've talked about it when we visited with you, who's not turning up right now, young voters, people of color, you know, young black men, Latinos in, in Nevada as Sean was just saying.


And so it's not that they won't turn out, but it's, you know, we would rather be in, in, in, you know, have the shoe on the other foot. The good news, if there is some for Democrats is women are turning out at a much higher rate right now than men. The gender gap being what it is. I think Democrats feel like they're going to do well with women. And also the people running the Harris campaign, David Plop, general O'Malley Lon, they ran, you know, Obama's 2012 campaign. They are the best at getting out the vote. And so I think the hope for Democrats And, it really is hope right now is that while we may be struggling today, ultimately by the evening of November 5th, you know, our voters will come home and, and turn out, Alright, standby.


'cause I wanna talk about that more. But I gotta go back to Mark on the, his second piece of news last night. So there I am getting ready to go to bed and I see everybody's adding me saying Mark Halperin says that he's been shopped a story within the last week that is about Donald Trump, that if true would end Donald Trump's presidential campaign. And everybody's like, what is it? What is it? What is it? Some people are mad at you for saying such a thing, you know, without backing it up. And then everybody added me saying it had already been quote debunked though I hadn't seen you actually say what the story was. So why did you say that without revealing what the story is in a way that could potentially harm Trump by just the looming, I've got something terrible about him, but I'm not gonna tell you what it is.


I contain multitudes, I'm an old fashioned journalist and I'm newfangled old fashioned. I'm not putting this story out there that I haven't checked out. Newfangled transparency. The point I was making was keying off of The Atlantic story by Jeffrey Goldberg making all these accusations against Donald Trump that I find very difficult to adjudicate. But my point is this, go back to 2000. George W. Bush had been the son of a president, he'd run for governor of Texas twice, And, it had never come out that he had a DWI And. it came out in the waning days of the 2000 campaign leaked to Fox News by the Gore campaign. And my point was, stuff is being shopped out there. It's being shopped to the New York Times, it's being shopped to me, to the Daily Mail, to the New York post to the, to the daily caller.


People who have a desire to affect the race with an October surprise through some packaged opposition research are putting stuff out. The thing that came to me, I, I don't think it's true, pretty sure it's not, but I'm certainly not gonna put it out there unvetted. And my evaluation is, it's not worth my time to, to vet it anymore. I'm pretty sure it's not true. And my point is, Have you seen it in the press yet? Like people are speculating that it did drop in one way, shape, or form yesterday or in the past couple of days. Has it? I will have nothing to say about what it is and I don't have the best poker face, so I might have to hold this towel in front of me if you, if you start to guess. Umm, not. Well, why you can't tell me whether you've seen it already in the press.


No, I'm not, I'm not gonna discuss the content of it. My point is, was trying to fill people, my viewers in on this reality. Now you're thinking about an October surprise and people talk about Israel or Martian invasion, whatever it is, the most likely October surprise, if you look at history is one of these things. And we saw Jeffrey Goldberg in The Atlantic launch one yesterday, I think till minimum effect for a variety of reasons that probably everybody knows what, What is surprising about the Jeffrey Goldberg piece? Sean Spicer show. So the audience knows Jeffrey Goldberg of The Atlantic, who's got a terrible history as a reporter. I mean, just go, just go watch Glen Greenwell today. Go feed, go watch Glen's Twitter feed and he'll explain you to you.


All the background of Jeffrey Goldberg, he has dropped more stuff about John, Kelly thinking Trump is Hitler admires. Hitler wants to be like Hitler wants the generals to be like Hitler in specific. We we've heard all that we, we know all of that. John Kelly's been jumping up and down ever since Trump fired him trying to tell us that. So other than now there's audio, like what is the surprise of The Atlantic piece? Nothing. And I think that's, you know, if you're a Trump hater and you were never gonna vote for Trump, you're like, oh my gosh, he's exactly the person I thought he was because Jeffrey Goldberg has this story about this soldier that, that this family that had to deal with a funeral, et cetera, et cetera, that's somehow novel and is being denied.


There's nothing new. I mean, that's the bottom line is that Goldberg is basically going to the well and saying, I don't like the trajectory of this race. What can I throw out at Trump right now to get people more fired up? But I don't, I, as Mark said, it's, you know, a lot of it is not credible. It's not verifiable. And there's plenty of people who are debunking it. And there's nothing in that story that I, I think anybody's going, God, that's new. So I mean, I think it's all in the eye of the beholder at this point. If you hate Trump, it's one more piece of evidence why I don't like the guy. But if you've seen the movie, this is sort of like scream eight. Like you have a feeling that, you know, Ghostface is gonna go after them at the end. It's, it's, it's so predictable what's happening.


The other piece of it is the, the John Kelly thing. John Kelly also was on CNN and he spoke to the New York Times. We've got the audio of his claims, which I mean, I've heard them, I've heard these claims many times. I, I think only leftists think now adding his audio or his face to it, Dan, is going to change things for people. I this has all been baked in the cake. The, the second piece of the, the story is that Trump allegedly offered to help with the funeral expenses for this military family. And then when he was allegedly billed $60,000 for the funeral expenses, said something like, it doesn't cost $60,000 to bury an effing Mexican.


And he and his people have denied it. The family is still standing by Trump and doesn't, they're taking issue with this reporting. Look, I just, you tell me, Dan, what is the Democrat thinking behind this is gonna do it? Like for the people who can't pay their rent, their electricity bills, their grocery bill, this language, even if true John Kelly's opinion that he wants generals like Hitler, if true is gonna do it. I I don't think it will. I I think it's great cocktail chatter. It's gossipy, it's salacious. You know, I don't think anyone who's reading either The Atlantic or the New York Times at this point doesn't know who they're voting for.


To me, where I think the Harris campaign is starting to focus, and I think it is worthy of discussion, is it is unprecedented. Whether in a presidential, a gubernatorial, or a Senate race for so many senior people who served a leader to speak out against him or her. True. That to me is, is much better terrain for the party and I think worthy of someone to consider in their vote. But all of this, look, Trump, you know, has a potty mouth and he says wild and crazy things. To your point, I believe this is well baked into the cake and it's not gonna move somebody in suburban, you know, Philadelphia or Milwaukee at this point.


Megan, Megan, can I make, Megan, can I make one quick point that Dan's it. What is unbelievable and I never, I I am always reluctant to give the Democrats any advice, especially this close to election. But to Dan's point, the the strategy, sometimes you wanna jump through the screen and say like, you guys have so missed the mark, right? When she does these interviews, like one she did yesterday and was asked, what would you do differently or what's one policy that you would change? And her answer is, well, I don't wanna criticize the president. I mean, that's the lamest thing I've ever heard. It's there are layups in politics and she misses the layups this strategy of somehow, just like I, I think Dan just articulated this perfect, if you wanted to go after him, say, when in history have we ever seen this many people, this close to a president not wanna support him.


They can't even do the basics on the messaging. And I I I scratched my head over and over again saying, why do you guys not get this? Megan? I look, Yeah, and Mark, I'll get you to weigh in. I do wanna just add this 'cause in defense of President Trump, Mark Meadows, he tweeted out the following on XI was in the discussions featured in the Atlantic's latest hit piece against President Trump. Let me say this, any suggestion that President Trump disparaged Mrs. Guin or refused to pay for her funeral expenses is absolutely false. He was nothing but kind gracious and wanted to make sure that the military and the US government did right by Vanessa and her family. Go ahead, mark. There are two things that run parallel. Tens of millions of our fellow citizens believe that Donald Trump is morally unfit and disqualified from serving as commander in chief because of the mindset and the conduct that The Atlantic article purports To illustrate parallel to that, the vice president has decided that her closing argument is not, I will help middle class families achieve their economic and other dreams, but rather Donald Trump is a bad guy whose character disqualifies him from serving for president.


That's the Liz Cheney argument. It's what Donald, it's what Barack Obama has focused on. It's what a lot of their advertising is about. Now, that's where their focus is. And the power of The Atlantic piece is simply that in one news cycle or maybe two, that's what the dominant media is leading with. Is that gonna persuade undecided voters? Maybe? Is it gonna inspire the base? Definitely. And they've gotta do both right now. So I think, I think it's a mistake from Democrats I've talked to who are very skeptical. This is the message Joe Biden ran on. It didn't work for him. They, for whatever reason, they've turned to this as their message. And so if you're running a, this campaign in particular, the Harris campaign really likes to play off what's in the news.


So they spend two days attacking Donald Trump for gonna McDonald's. They want things in the news that speak to Donald Trump's character. And that's why The Atlantic story suspiciously time for two weeks before election day gives them 24 hours to talk about that dovetailing earned media with their chosen message. That's why it matters. One day with two weeks to go, they get to dominate the news with this thing. Well, and what's interesting Is so dumb to keep that McDonald's story running though such a good story for Trump. The smart political move is ignore it, ignore it, ignore it, and move on. I I don't wanna reinforce that great image for him. Go ahead Dan. Yeah, Well what's interesting too is the Democrats research, both the campaigns and and outside groups supportive of the campaign have really shown that when surrogates make the attacks against Trump, they fall flat.


The only thing that apparently moves the needle is when republicans themselves speak out. So unless John, Kelly and all of these people are gonna show up at rallies and, you know, look into the camera and really detail this, there is no qualitative or quantitative data, data that this moves votes. And that's frustrating. Hey Megan, since you named checked McDonald's, can I make one quick point on this? Because it's blowing my, the idea that a Saturday visit for like 20 minutes to McDonald's is still blowing minds on the left. McDonald's put out a statement, which is awesome because you have people like Garrett Ha and Halle Jackson at NBC News using the phrase Trump without evidence falsely claimed she worked at McDonald's. This is McDonald's statement, though we are not a political brand.


We've been proud to hear former President Trump's love for McDonald's and vice presidents Harris fond memories of working under the arches while we and our franchises don't have records for all positions dating that, like, they can't even corroborate that she worked there. And that doesn't, I mean this, this, they, they've now piled on and I know that McDonald's is trying to get out of it, but like this story, which should have just been left by the left, they've dug themselves into a deeper and deeper hole to the point where McDonald's has to put out a statement saying, we have no record of her working here. Right? I why would you do such a thing? But now here's this. So John Kelly doing the media tour, trying to own the cycle.


I get it and I get that he hates Trump. He was fired. I mean, I'm not trying to impugn his ethics, but he was fired. And so one doesn't know exactly what went down between the two of them behind closed doors. Clearly Trump doesn't like him. Trump's made very disparaging statements about John Kelly who served his country honorably in the military, and his son died serving our country. So we respect that and honor it here is in part what John Kelly told the New York Times is his audio on the Hitler point. This one's for you, Sean saw too. Thanks. He would, you commented more than once that, you know, the Hitler did some good things too. And of course if you know history again, I think he's lacking in that.


But if you know what his, you know, Hitler was all about, it'd be, you'd be pretty hard to make an argument that he did anything good. So what would you, what would you say when he said to you that Hitler did a lot of good things? Well, I tell him that, I said, you know, very, if you, first of all, you should never say that, but if you knew what history Hitler was all about from the beginning to the end, everything he did was in support of his racist fascist life. You know, the, you know, philosophy. So that nothing he did, you could argue was good. It was certainly not done for the right reason.


And, but he would occasionally say that. What would he say when you would lay that out to him? He just, you know, that'd be the end of the conversation. Usually He goes on to say, Sean, that trump's, it seems like Trump's raising, if he did the issue of Hitler was because Trump had admiration for how Hitler's generals did as they were instructed that he wanted compliant generals doing what he wanted them to do. And that Kelly was informing him that members of the military, members of the administration took an oath to defend the Constitution, not to do just whatever the president tells them to do.


'cause then he gets into how he told Trump some of Hitler's generals tried to kill him. Actually, they weren't that loyal. Tom Cruise made a whole movie out of it called Valkyrie. That's true. But for the most part, they, they did do what Hitler wanted them to do, which is, it's become a famous meme about how they say the best general that the Allied forces had was Hitler. Because he was so backwards in his strategy and his approach. And most of the generals did, did do what he wanted them to do, which is why they lost, because he wasn't a great military strategist. Anyway, this is just back of the envelope stuff on, you know, historical Hitler facts.


But I'm just trying to give the context. It seems like this came up, if at all, in Trump's frustration that his generals were not doing as he wanted them to do. It's true as a principle that they take an oath to the Constitution. But can you please explain for us why so many people in the Trump administration have turned on him? You were, you were there. Why does John Kelly hate him so much? Why have, why have all these guys turned on him? It, it's an interesting question. I think there are some unique circumstances regarding some of these cases. Why certain individuals, they have, they were fired in some cases their advice wasn't taken. They were undermined by somebody else. You know, the one thing, and we talked about this in the morning meeting that I think is fascinating.


There were several instances during my tenure where there'd be a story, whether it's Politico or the New York Times or what have you, where they'd say, you know, in a meeting that occurred, this and this happened, and the four people in the meeting all agreed that that never happened. That never was discussed. I'm not trying to impugn general Kelly's integrity or his comment, but I'm just saying that I always find it fascinating the stories that occurred during my tenure that never occurred that had five sources, none of which were in the room that got printed because well Let, lemme just add something on that. But, but then I wanna redirect you to my question. I wanna add something on that. One of General Kelly's objections as I read the New York Times piece in particular was, or one of his comments was he's very disturbed.


The reason he came out and spoke on camera and on audio is he's most disturbed that Trump is talking about unleashing the Amer the military on the American people. And that is not what Trump said. What Trump said was that We have a great enemy within people like Adam Schiff, who he thinks are undermining democracy and who's an enemy of Trump's. And he said in a, when asked by Maria barter Romo about Joe Biden's prediction that there could be chaos on election day by Trump voters, Trump responded, no, there won't be, not by Trump voters. And she said, well, what would you do if there were, you know, rioting on election day? That's what she's asking him.


And he's saying, I'm not going to allow that. I would unleash the National Guard and if necessary the military, it's the Tom Cotton piece in response to the BLM riots. So this, so, but my point is not to rehabilitate Trump on that. It's to say John Kelly appears to have an understanding of Trump's statements that is akin to something you might find if you watched M-S-N-B-C all day, which makes me not trust him or his lens through which he receives information when it comes to Donald J. Trump. Go ahead, Sean. No, I think the context that you just provided I is, is super important, right? Because you did what the media won't, they just were playing his clip.


She asked him specifically what you just said, which is how would you respond if the following happened? Now remember, just to keep this in context, Trump was criticized for not immediately calling the National Guard on January 6th, according to the Democrats, right? So they want him to use it at certain points. They don't want him to use it at others. Trump was very clearly responding to Maria Bart's question about what he would Do. Okay, wait, I said all that. Get back to my my hard question. Yeah. Which is, why are there so many administrative administration officials who hate him have quit and are leaking to the press about how bad he was? Again, as I said, I think some of them just have a personal animus towards him because of how they personally were treated or the advice that they were given.


I watched it constantly in the Oval Office. Two people would come in, give him two versions of a policy, and then he would choose one person. The other person would walk outta there and say, fine, I'm gonna find people to undermine your argument. I'm gonna leak it to the press. People around him have big egos, and when he said, I mean, I watched him bring in a bunch. We were talking about Afghanistan policy one day, and he said, I want 10 enlisted soldiers to come in that have served in Afghanistan. And he sat him around a table and said, tell me about your experience, And. it pissed a lot of people off that he wasn't taking the advice of the more senior people and asking the actual enlisted folks, tell me what your experience has been. Did you understand the mission? Are we winning? Are we moving forward?


Were you getting the equipment and the tools that you needed? He, they hated that. They hated the fact that they came in, gave their PowerPoint presentation, and they were being undermined by a guy who didn't just sign off on it with like a blank check. So I, I think Washington is full of a lot of guys with a lot of big egos that don't like the fact that when they come into a room, everyone doesn't just say, oh, great idea, let's move forward. Some of them that well including In the military. Yeah, well, there's a lot of people. I watched it all the time and Trump would blow up and say, we're not just doing the same thing over and over again. And I think for people who are used to the system that said, oh, well, this is the way it's always been, they were pissed. I, I mean, to me, this, this plays into Mark something that many people in the GOP base and frankly beyond who are sick of the Forever Wars admire in Trump, which is he did not bend the knee to the generals who we now, you know, we would later learn couldn't stand Trump.


That he, they do tend to be like the surgeons, you know, the surgeon wants to cut the general wants to go to war, and Trump is much more of a pacifist. I mean, he is not fully, you know, a peacenik, but he's much more of a pacifist than the neocons of the Republican party of Old who absolutely, like Dick Cheney would've said to the generals, how can we extend wars and continue them? That's really kind of unkind about Dick Cheney, but it's kind of right. And this, I'm just looking at this story like this kind of makes sense to me that Trump would be frustrated with these generals. As Sean said, he would've brought in enlisted folks who actually fought and gotten their perspective to the great frustration of people, even like John Kelly.


And we're, what we're watching play out in the media right now is that dynamic and not Trump wanting to be like Adolf Hitler. So I very ambivalent, nuanced view of this. I, I talk as a human being and as a journalist, I find it hard to side with either side. I find I find it incredible that Trump would say that things, I find it incredible. He'd lie about it, I find incredible. They would lie about it. But something's gotta give even accounting for, you know, mushy, middle rushman sort of different memories. Here's a fact. People in the military honored we honor their service. People in the intelligence community honor their service. What's also true about them, they're liars. Their leakers and their bureaucratic in fighters.


And those instincts come out when they're going against Donald Trump because they don't like Donald Trump and he threatens them. I'm not siding with them. I'm not saying they're all liars, leakers, and bureaucratic in fighters, but a lot of 'em are the 51 intelligence officers who signed the letter about Hun Hunter Biden's laptop. I characterizes them in that action. And so I think find, figuring out this for history, let alone in the next two weeks, it's gonna be a big challenge because the motives and the, and the interests of this group are adverse to Donald Trump. There's no doubt that the people who are telling stories about what they say, he said they don't want him to be president. So they have the motive to do what they can to stop 'em, to take their credibility and to say things to stop them.


Does that mean they're lying? Absolutely not. Is it possible they're lying? Absolutely. Well, meantime, Kamala Harris, Dan continues her just Ill faded media tour. It isn't getting any better. Last night she sat down with Halle Jackson of NBC and while Halle Jackson did her level best to try to help Kamala Harris with the line of questioning, she couldn't, there was no new position taken that would possibly change her trajectory in this race. I will give Kamala Harris one kudos. And that is, even though Holly Jackson tried three times to make her talk about being a woman and identity and how much it mattered, Kamala Harris did not do it.


And that's exactly the right move. That was smart. And I give her kudos for not doing, I mean, it was just pathetic though how obvious Halle Jackson was like in trying to get her. So I'll give the audience a sense of how this went. Okay, she comes out with the economy, the cost of living. That's what's really upsetting people in this race, that more voters think the Biden policies have hurt rather than help them are the last four years an obstacle? That's a fine opening question. And Kamala Harris did fine. She said, this won't be a continuation. The Biden administration, I have my own experiences. She talks about groceries being too high price gouging cost of housing her $25,000 down down payment. She was on message here with her same, same three things.


She always says, nothing new. If you don't wanna buy a new home for the first time, if you're already a homeowner, if you don't have a child that was born this year, and if you don't think that her price gouging plan is going to lower your groceries, you're not gonna be helped by what she said, then, okay, why is it not landing with voters? In fact, it's the opposite. Trump leads you on this issue. Fine. She goes on with banal stuff about how, well, I've gotta earn their vote, but I'm focused on the middle class and he's focused on the billionaires. That's generic Democrat stuff. Halle Jackson, the last time when you were running for president in 2019, the, you said the elephant in the room was whether the country was ready for a woman and a woman of color to be president.


Do you think we're ready? Kamala says, absolutely, we're ready. And then she moves on past that and she goes on to give her a whole, she's been saying this over and over, I started as a prosecutor. I never asked a victim of a crime, a witness to a crime. Are you a Republican or a Democrat? Can I just say a minute on that? No, no prosecutor would ever ask anybody involved in a crime that question you would be kicked out of office that day. Obviously a victim of a crime's politics are entirely irrelevant. And that would be so far beyond the pale. I don't know why she wants us to give her credit for not asking that question. It doesn't show that she's non-partisan. Okay, then she goes back again.


Halle Jackson, you've been reluctant to lean in to talk about the historic nature of your candidacy. Why? And to her credit, she doesn't do it again. She says, I'm clearly a woman. There's no need to point it out. The point most people care about is, can you do the job? Then she goes back to, and I kid you not. What we're doing is addressing people's concerns, challenges their dreams, their ambitions, their aspirations. Damn. Then Halle Jackson goes again, again. She says, there's a big gender gap in this race. Fewer men support you. Then they did Biden, some of your allies have suggested there's sexism at play. Do you think there's sex?


She can't get off of it, Dan, what is, what's happening here? Is this that important to democrat voters that Kamala Harris play the identity card? Yeah, I was really taken aback that she kept going back at it because throughout this short campaign, I, to your point, Harris has been really good about not focusing on that saying, I, I have to earn it. You know, the country is not gonna look at whether I'm a, a woman or a a black. They're gonna look at whether I'm qualified. And. it was surprising that Halle Jackson kind of kept trying to get her to open up about that. But, you know, as Kamala Harris likes to brag. She has good message, discipline, and she did. So in that instance, when, when pressed, Okay, but follow up to you, Dan.


So by the way, the, the next question by Halle Jackson, do you not see sexism as a factor in this race at all? My God. Which look, gee, Halle, do you, is it possible you see that as a, I mean, my god. Okay, so four questions on the gender thing is absurd. But here's what's interesting, Dan. She did this the other day too, out in, I think it was Pennsylvania, when Peter Alexander was questioning her of NBC. Now, Halle Jackson has asked this sexism question, and Kamala Harris does this again. She says, you've come to my events, you'll see there are men and women at these events.


Like, okay, good, Good thing there isn't other. Yep. Right? Did she says. So the experience that I am having is one in which it is clear that regardless of someone's gender, they wanna know that their president has a plan to do the following great things. So I don't understand this either, Dan. I think the answer that any Democrat would say, I think would be, yes, there is a gender gap in this race and women are heavily favoring me and some more men are favoring my opponent, and I've gotta earn the votes of those men. And here's why I think they should vote for me. You know, like they, they would absolutely, why won't she own what everybody knows is the case about this election?


Yeah. You know, sometimes Trump's real bluntness is his beauty, right? He is like, I'll be great for women. I mean, he just kind of blurts it out and then, you know, he goes on to talk about it. And, you know, this has been an issue. I mean, we talked about it when we were on last, when Barack Obama was like, the reason black men aren't voting for Kamala Harris is she's a woman, which was just incredibly patronizing. IIII, I don't know, you know, why She won't just admit it, why she won't kind of try to turn on it. But, you know, her message discipline has been very intense. She has stuck to her kind of narrow set of talking points to the point where I think she's offended some voters. I hope they haven't thrown their hands up and locked in for Trump But.


it is something you see, you know, we hear it on a, on our show. You see it in the data, both the campaigns and, and what's out there publicly, that there is frustration that she is so scripted and so tight in her answers. And I think some of her best moments on the campaign have been when she's leaned forward and had passion and energy and kind of gotten off the talking points, which really, the one issue where we see that is when it's anti-Trump. Like you can tell she dislikes the guy so much. It really probably is the animating reason why she's running. I I think if you ask the average voter, why, why does Kamala Harris wanna be president? She just hates Trump. I don't know if that's gonna be successful or not.


Yeah, but it's the only place that she kind of lets the guard down, lets the hair down and really shows who she is and how she feels. And voters like that. I think that's Right. What they love about Trump. Okay, then we get five, count him five, we had four sexism questions. Now we have five questions on abortion. Five. This is like, okay. And by the way, the questions made no sense either. She's like reproductive rights, abortion access, what specific? And then she says, if you win, it's possible Congress will be controlled by Republicans. So what specific concessions would you be willing to make in order to get something done on abortion access as soon as possible? So here she ignores that this has become a state's issue, right?


Like what, what concessions to what cons, what concess, what are we negotiating? What has Kamala Harris, what she wants to restore the Roe versus Wade regime. But whether a president or the US Congress has the ability, I mean the constitutional authority to do that, to regulate AB abortion at the national level is very much in doubt. Trust me, as a lawyer, that is very much in doubt. So I guess the presumption is that they do, and that Kamala Harris is gonna get a Roe versus Wade regime restored with the help of Congress. I'll give Holly Jackson the, the facts that are not actually presented by her. What would you be willing to do in terms of concessions to make that happen on abortion access? She doesn't answer.


And she says, again, it's a question of pragmatism. What concessions would be on the table? Religious examples, re religious exemptions, for example. Is that something you would consider Halle exemptions to what? You need to use more words to make yourself, no one knows what the hell you are talking. I am in news and I don't know what you're talking about. Religious exemptions to what? For whom? In what context? Kamala Harris. I don't think we should be making concessions when we're talking about a fundamental freedom. So I think what she's saying is Catholic doctors have to perform abortions in Catholic hospitals, period. But she's not saying it explicitly because she wasn't asked to explicitly, presumably because maybe she wanted to run cover for her and not get that detailed.


Then she says, Susan Collins, Lisa Murkowski, Holly Jackson would back something like this on a democratic agenda if, if Republicans took control of Congress. She says, would you offer them an olive branch or is it off the table, an olive branch? Like, what, what are you? So we have five questions on this nonsense back and forth that nobody can follow. It's a waste of time. And then Kamala Harris finally says, I'm not going down this rabbit hole with you right now. I finally, I'm like, thank you. I, I agree with Kamala Harris again, the second time in this interview, then we switch to the trans issue. And Halle Jackson, not surprisingly, comes into it on the trans side. We've got multiple questions on it where she did press her and because Halle wanted her to say something nice about trans people and trans rights versus women rights, that would diminish women.


She comes at it multiple times. The way she starts is, do you believe transgender Americans should have access to gender affirming care in this country? That whole term is a non-SEC. It's, it's nonsense. There's no such thing as gender affirming care. You don't need gender, gender affirming care. Is a woman going to see an ob, GYN? It's a man at his annual physical having to turn his head and cough. That's what gender affirming care is. The stuff that we're doing to children to cut off healthy body parts is not, anyway, watch what happened. Very broadly speaking here. Sure. Do you believe that transgender Americans should have access to gender affirming care in this country? I believe we should follow the law. I mean, I think you're probably pointing to the fact that Donald Trump's campaign has spent tens of millions of dollars.


They're trying to define you on this. Yes. I'm asking you to define yourself though. Just broadly speaking, what is your value? Do you believe They should have that access? I believe that that people, as the law states, even on this issue about federal law, that that is a decision that doctors will make in terms of what is medically necessary. I'm not gonna put myself in the position of a doctor, but let's also understand that Donald Trump is running tens of millions of dollars in ads to talk about two cases, to distract from the fact that his policy and plan is also to take away the, the Affordable Care Act. But I, I don't know that I heard a clear answer from you on the issue of gender affirming care.


It sounds like what you're saying is there should be something between trans Americans and their doctors. It's, it feels like that's a long way from we see you and we love you, which was your message to trans Americans in May. What do, what do you want the lgbtq plus community to know as they're looking for a full throated backing from you? For trans, for trans Americans, I believe that all people should be treated with dignity and respect period. And should not be vilified for who they are and should not be bullied for who they are. Okay, one more point then I'm gonna give it back to you guys. The correct follow up to that nonsense. First answer is not, what do you want the lgbtq plus community to know as they're looking for a full throated backing from you for trans Americans?


The correct follow up is you say that you will follow the law. That's what you want people to know, that you will follow the law. You actively worked to change the law when you were the Attorney General of California to make sure that the policy was changed to cover these procedures for trans individuals. They weren't. You objected, you got the policy changed, you bragged about it to the trans community. You didn't just follow the law. You thought the law was unjust and you worked to change it. The question is whether you're going to do the same thing at the federal level and beyond that. If the law mandates these procedures, which are very controversial on the taxpayer dime, do you promise that you'll work to change the law back to where taxpayers do not have to pay for this?


In case you didn't see it. Here is Kamala Harris bragging about changing the policy as California ag back in 2019 to a trans interviewer. When I was Attorney General, I learned that the California Department of Corrections, which was a client of mine, I didn't get to choose my client. That they were standing in the way of, of, of surgery for prisoners. For prisoners. And there was a specific case. And when I learned about the case, I worked behind the scenes to not only make sure that that transgender woman got the services she was deserving. So it wasn't only about that case, I made sure that they changed the policy in the state of California there.


It's so that every transgender inmate in the prison system would have access to the medical care that they desired and need. And I believe it was not only, I know it was historic in California, but I believe actually it may have been one of the first, if not the first in the country where I pushed for that policy. There it is. She's on camera admitting it. Go ahead Sean. I've been in politics for 30 years doing campaigns. I've heard a lot of weasel words and weasel phrases. This I'm gonna follow. The law takes the cake, right? The whole reason you run for office is to change the law. Like I think taxes are too high.


I'm gonna lower the rate. I'm gonna vote for a change to these regulations. That's why we elect people to either change the law in one direction or another. If your goal is just to be a caretaker, then why are you running? I'm just gonna follow the law. Well then you're not gonna do anything. That's the biggest cop out I've ever heard in politics. She clearly doesn't wanna just, you know, adhere to the law as you point out on myriad of other issues. She has no problem talking about how she's flouted the law, how she's enforced the law, how she sent people to prison. So this is the cop out of all cop outs. If Kamala Harris loses, one of the reasons gonna be she's very liberal.


And I think, you know, whereas some candidates would triangulate, I think she believes it. I mean, I think even on this issue, most Americans respect and individuals privacy, whether they're gay, lesbian, or transgender, where there's not consensus. And where it's controversial is stuff like men who are now women playing women's sports. You know, the government providing surgeries and things of that nature. And I think the reason Harris won't speak against it, she's giving very lawyerly kind of mealy mouth answers, is she believes in, you know, providing transgender care and other things. And there's a reason that she keeps kind of complaining about the tens of millions of dollars of ads being run against her.


They're working, they're effective. Trump is hitting a spot where the majority of the country currently stands. One of the great tests of a political leader is if they have an unpopular position, whether it's unpopular within their own party or unpopular in the broader electorate, and they're willing to defend it and they're willing to spend time and capital and their own ability to talk saying, Hey, lemme try to convince you if you don't agree with me, let me at least show you where I am on this. She's chosen not to do that on almost any of these very liberal positions that she's had, whether she repudiates them kind of in a surface way or not. And I think, I think again, if she does lose, and she's right in the race, so it's not a foregone conclusion by any means, but if she does lose the, the Sean's, right, this is about, was weasley an answer as you'll get?


But it's of a piece with she simply does not want to take on the hard task of saying, Hey, I'm for this 'cause it's a human right. And let me explain why she just wants to speak in platitudes. She and her advisors seem to think that's the path to victory. When I talked to undecided voters, it seems just the opposite. They find her posture towards this un forthcoming or a secret key to what Dan said, which is she believes the very liberal stuff still. And she's trying to obs spate on that until she gets elected. Mark, we saw yesterday a meltdown on M-S-N-B-C in response to how her campaign is handling this issue, which I think they accurately deduce as well is hurting her. We saw Jonathan Martin piece in Politico saying the clock is ticking on her message like it's not resonating and she's got precious little time left.


So what's happening are is are the media, are the Democrats starting? You know, why are they openly expressing their frustration with her? What's happening? Right? So they're, I always look for asymmetries, right? So one asymmetry is Republicans are confident and Democrats are not. Okay. Republicans culturally tend to be more confident, but they're more confident based on the data that they see. You can, I could cite 10 things that say can straw in the wind of why it looks like it's going in Trump's direction, including Senate candidates in the battle run states that embracing Trump. Very few things you can cite about why it's going her way. What's happening is another asymmetry. If Trump loses, it's gonna be because of his personality and the country doesn't want four more years of him.


There's a hundred reasons why Democrats will cite while she lost, including gender. Which is why I think Hallie Jackson was asking about it. But another one is the wrong message expressed poorly. And that I think is why you're seeing Democrats panic. 'cause they think it's off track, but they think if they pressure publicly, there's still time to fix it. Mm, not much. I am gonna ask you about those Senate candidates when we come back in just a minute and we'll get to what happened with Obama on the campaign trail yesterday and the meltdown over the Doug Emh allegations. Standby more with the guys right after this.


This year, supply chain issues have been more prevalent than ever. Whether it's the result of natural disasters like hurricanes, Helene and Milton global conflict or inflation, the impacts are being felt everywhere. While they sometimes are minor in their inconvenience, delays in accessing essential medications can become catastrophic. The US relies on overseas sources for more than 80% of its generic medications. Did you know that? So what happens when there are delays or if supplies are cut off? How will you care for yourself and your loved ones? The Jce case offers peace of mind for you and your family in the face of delays, shortages, and disasters. It's an emergency medication kit containing five lifesaving antibiotics that treat the most common and deadly bacterial infections. Simply complete a quick online evaluation to ensure that you are prepared. The jce case can also be customized with add-ons like Ivermectin EpiPens and more. Don't wait. Consider preparing right now. Receive a discount on your jce case by visiting jce.com, JAS e.com, and enter the promo code MK at checkout. That's promo code mk@jse.com. Ensuring you have the right medications exactly when you need them.


With the Mediterranean right around the corner, your perfect bowl or Pita is waiting at Kava. Enjoy our new juicy grilled steak. Or one of over 17 billion delicious combos. Order on the app or in one of over 50 kava locations in the DMV.


Couple things that I wanna get to where to begin. Obama and Eminem in Detroit, where Eminem is from. By the way, where's Kid Rock? I mean, I know he was at their, like, he's from Detroit. Why isn't this like a battle of the rappers? I, I wanna see Kid Rock doing like a dueling rally with Trump. He'll be back. So Obama gets out there, Eminem introduces him, and Obama gets out there and does this in stop 14. You know, I, I have done a lot of rallies, so I don't usually get nervous, but I was feeling some kinda way following Eminem.


Now I notice my palms are sweaty knees weak. Arms are heavy. Vomit on my sweater already. Mine's spaghetti. I'm nervous, but on the surface I look calm and ready to drop bombs, but I keep, forget it, Dan. That's got a stuck. Do you get a little single tear when you watch that as a person First? I do. It's, it's great yet to see someone let their hair down, have a little fun up there, you know, just like when Trump's dancing on the stage. I, I think it's great. Yeah. I love it when candidates do this. The, the problem is he's not, he's not the candidate that's the problem.


I like it. Almost just embarrasses by contrast, you know, he clearly, he's an extrovert. He is fed by the crowd. He loves it. He comes alive. That same for Trump. That is not true for her. She is afraid. It's like, it's almost a little dangerous to have the surrogates be that good. Yes. I mean it, look, it's one of the things that I've thought here this whole time, which is the more interviews that Harris does, the more rallies she get, the more comfortable you get, the more you're likely to get a moment like that, where you're just kind of feeling it, you're in the groove and you're kind of willing to be an entertainer a little bit. And yes, to your point, bill Clinton, Barack Obama, it's unbelievable.


It's so natural, and they look like they're having fun doing it. Okay. He also spoke with Tim Walls at a rally in Wisconsin, former President Obama did, and said, one of the most clue, I mean, I think every Republican or right of center person on Earth did one of these like, oh my God, with the, with the forehead into the palm. Take a listen to. So 17 I i, I don't understand how we got so toxic and just so divided and so bitter. And I, I, I get why sometimes people just don't wanna pay attention to it. And we all have friends like that. We have family members. It's just like, ah, you know, it's all, it's all a circus out there.


I get that, Honestly, like to me, guys, that is so clueless, having lived it, you know, you guys lived it, but it's like, why don't, why don't we take Obamacare? Something you shoved down the throats of the American people without majority support the first major overhaul to an entitlement ever in decades, at least without majority support. And you just said elections have consequences, John, when John McCain tried to say, eh, this is very divisive. You're gonna take away people's doctors and healthcare, and you lied to us for a year about being able to keep our doctors, that that had us really divided. People were worried about dying, and you lied for a full year. You got in there, started commenting on legal cases like Trayvon Martin, which we had never seen a US president do before.


You injected race into it, saying, if I had a son, he'd look like Trayvon. What do you think that, did you, 'cause I remember, I remember being shocked as a lawyer to see a US president comment like that on race, on a case like that, where you didn't know the full facts and wound up getting them wrong. Actually, we could keep going, Sean, but Barack Obama is a amazingly given a pass for being this unifying president as he notwithstanding his apology tour on behalf of the American people, the open door policy with Iran, whom he was refunding. And then you get Joe Biden and Dark Brandon, and yes, Trump was in there too, who was very divisive. But Trump was a response to Obama.


Trump was a response to divisions that were sowed during that guy's presidency. Yeah. Look, I think the policies that you brought up, you know, created a lot of this, but also the personality. I mean, Obama gets up there and just rails about Trump and Trump supporters, how that's not unifying. Joe Biden goes up there and says, bitter clingers, lock him. Lock, Him, Up, right? I mean, I, and, and the response to the left was, well, Trump said it about Hillary. Wait a second. If it was wrong for Trump, then you guys can't claim the mantle now and say, But, it's okay if our guy does it right. So the double standard is unbelievable. But Barack Obama loves to just chastise everyone on the right, Trump supporters, whatever, and then say, but let's get together.


I don't know how we got here. And it's like, dude, 'cause you helped create this problem. You just, the, the, this is Megan, this is literally the biggest problem with the left. I have this conversation with folks all the time that says, you know, we could get together. We need to tone down the rhetoric, but here's where you are wrong. The left inherently, big tech Hollywood, big corporate America, all of government, academia, they love to, their idea is, if you only agreed with us more, we'd have less re we'd have less vitriol. It's just agree with us more. You admit you're wrong. Be subservient to our ideas and our way of life and our leftist policies, and we'll all be okay. That's not how it works.


The censorship that we saw during this administration, throughout the c lockdowns at, as people's businesses were being destroyed, we weren't allowed to talk about what was really happening or doubts about vaccinating our children who were getting myocarditis, a devastating health condition with the heart, heart infection that leads to permanent scarring and in some cases has led to death. All this stuff. They, you can't just say, how do we get so divided? I mean, it's, I know that the left wants to say Trump, Hitler, Trump, Hitler, Trump, Mussolini, Trump. But that's just anybody who's not a in a committed leftist understands this has been a process and he does not have clean hands in the process. Mark, you heard Sean reference a comment by President Biden.


He is hitting the campaign trail. Did he go to Arizona or Pennsylvania? Did he go to Michigan? Did he go to Wisconsin? One of those critical blue wall state. He went checks notes to New Hampshire and a campaign office by himself and still managed to screw up the news cycle by saying the following, Mr. Guy, who also wants to replace every civil servant, every single one thinks he has a right of the Supreme Court ruling on immunity to be able to need be, if he, if it was the case, to actually eliminate, physically eliminate shoot, kill someone who is a, he needs to be the threat to him.


I mean, what, so I know this sounds bizarre. It sounds like if I said this five years ago, you'd lock me up. We gotta Lock Him Up what political document, lock him out. That's what we have to do. Like he said, Lock, Him, Up. And then he tried to change it to, oh, I mean, politically as if Lock Him Up politically is a thing. Megan, I'm a little bit disappointed in you that you can't recognize a brilliant Biden imitates Dana Carvey imitating Biden. It was, it was fantastic. It was fantastic. Hopefully this Saturday we'll have Dana Carvey imitating Biden imitating Carvey in her main by when Kamala Harris, a few weeks ago, did an event in New Hampshire, I said to everybody in both parties, like, what's going on?


Because she's spending a day campaigning in New Hampshire. They said, oh no, she's got a fundraiser in Boston. She's given a national speech. It's got nothing to do with being worried about New Hampshire. And in fact, the private data, New Hampshire shows her with a pretty substantial lead. Joe Biden back in New Hampshire yesterday. And so there's a school of thought. I'm not predicting Trump will win a landslide. I'm not rooting for Trump winning a landslide, but there's a school of thought that says, Trump's gonna go to Albuquerque to try to win New Mexico. He's gonna go to St. Paul to try to win Minnesota. He's gonna go to, I don't know, Richmond, Virginia Yeah. To try to win Virginia and, and that he is gonna go to New Hampshire. And, and I was told yesterday, someone showed me an email saying that the Trump campaign's doing last minute hiring, paying a pretty robust sum for folks to do door knocking at the last minute.


So watch that dynamic. Let's see, it, it, it, it, it could be a mistake, but again, Joe Biden went there. Now, in terms of what he said, I don't think the four of us need to review the reality of Joe Biden's cognitive decline for the last 10, 10 years. But it's amazing that he's out there doing these events. Did it ruin her chance of being president? No, but it's not great for the news cycle. And of course it undermines one of the strongest high horses the Democrats have and feel they have, and the media feels they have, which is that they're not using loose rhetoric the way Republicans are. He tried to take it back, But it, it's not a great thing to say both, both in terms of the photo op and, and, and the moment, but also as a sitting president, he just shouldn't be saying stuff like that.


And I'd say that about a president of either party, And he is at this moment trying to lock up Trump. I mean, he is actually trying to lock up Trump at this moment. There are two federal prosecutions. One is on appeal, having been dismissed by the judge in Florida, and one is still awaiting a trial date. So it doesn't, it's not a good look. And, and interestingly, Kamala Harris has avoided mentioning the law fair for the most part on this latter half of her campaign. I think she realized that's only helped Trump, that the American people do not like it. They don't want you to hear, to hear you tout it. And apparently Biden did not get the me memo. But Mark, you mentioned Biden's mental acuity. That was one question that Holly Jackson asked Kamala Harris about, which I appreciated and pressed her a bit on.


And here's how that went. Listen to stop five, Can you say that you were honest with the American people about what you saw in those moments with President Biden as you were with him again and again repeatedly in that time? Of course, Joe Biden is an extremely accomplished, experienced, and, and, and capable in every way that anyone would want if they're president. Absolutely. You never saw anything like what happened at the debate night behind closed doors with him. It was a bad debate. People have bad debates should he? But he is absolutely. But that's the reason why you're here and he's not running for the top of the ticket.


Well, you'd have to ask him if that's the only reason why. What do you think I am running for president of the United States? Joe Biden is not, It's a judgment question. That's why I ask, can the American people trust you in these moments, even when it's maybe uncomfortable for Americans to, to have to, to level with Americans in that way? So that's why I ask And. it sounds like what you're saying is you feel like you never saw anything like that from President Biden. I have worked with Joe Biden, whether hours and hours and hours over these four years, whether it be in the situation room or the Oval Office. Joe Biden is the one who was able to bring NATO together during a crisis where for the first time in 70 years, Europe saw and has seen war.


I speak with not only sincerity, but with a, a a, a real firsthand account of watching him do this work. I have no reluctance in saying that. No, of course I don't. Okay, mark, so you're the one who is all over the Biden is getting forced out story. And you, first of all, can I just tell you, I have no doubt, ah, he's extremely capable. Whenever the voice goes up, we know it's a tell, it's a, it's, that's nerves. Take it from me. Phil Houston, spy the lie. He's the human lie detector. CIA 25 years is not how someone responds when they're like, I got this.


I I'm fine with this question. Extremely capable. And then when also doubling down, I have to say I speak with sincerity. That's, that's, this is another line you should not use when trying to be perceived as a truth teller. Mark, I I've said before, the coverup between the people in the administration and the press is the biggest media scandal. I think in modern American history. And, it continues to be ignored. Now, you know, people are covering the presidential campaign, but there was no accountability of the coverup. There was no recognition. And I don't know exactly what her role in it was.


I suspect she was not central to the execution of the coverup. But I find it humorous and sad when people say, what did you see behind the scenes? She didn't need behind the scenes, she just need to watch c-span. And, and exactly. And therefore, the question isn't, what did you see behind the scenes? Although there may be, there may be more to that. It may be Joe Biden didn't step aside because Nancy Pelosi said, your poll numbers are bad. He stepped aside because they told him you're not capable of coming back because of your loss of acuity. So I think that that, that, is it the biggest issue in this race, or should it be? I don't think so. But for a lot of Americans, I think it's a question for her.


And for everyone who served in the administration, how did you sit back and think this was okay? And of course, had they made, if she loses, as I said, there's a hundred reasons Democrats are gonna give for why she lost. If she loses, one of them would be and will be at the top of the list for a lot of Democrats. Joe Biden should have never run. There should have been a proper competitive democratic nomination fight. And, and the belief amongst most people in the White House, including I believe the President was Kam Harris, would not have emerged victorious from that nomination fight. And so I think, again, the question is, you know, you were left trying to run a 90 day campaign for the White House. Didn't you think the country and the Democratic Party should have moved earlier?


Now I'll say one last thing. She, she's admirably loyal. I think loyalty is a great thing. And she is vice president because Joe Biden chose her. And he has treated her because of, in part because of his memory of how he was treated as vice president, exceedingly well, yes. So while some Democrats are critical of her, particularly on this issue of not breaking with him, I do understand why she doesn't wanna break. In part it's because breaking opens up other questions, but in part it's because of loyalty. And, and so I'm, I give her not a pass, but I understand why she would be reluctant to be the one out there saying moment. God, the guy's totally lost it. I can't believe he's still president. Hey, Megan, can I just, but there's, I I, there's a way of of leaking that. Go ahead, Sean.


I wanna pick up on a point that Mark made a moment ago about some of these, you know, New Hampshire, et cetera. So I, I go through every Wednesday on my podcast, the, the road to two 70, what's changed from the week before, et cetera. The last couple weeks I sort of said, Nevada's the, the seventh state that I don't think that Trump's gonna have the hardest time winning the battleground states that I think we talked about earlier in terms of early vote. I, I believe that's solidly in Trump's camp now. I think that the interesting thing that's going unreported right now is the shift in the dynamic, right? Coming outta the convention when she kicked Biden out and she went in, there was this vibes and joy and she was riding a sugar high, and people were talking about how competitive it was and could Trump stay competitive, et cetera, et cetera.


We've shifted from that to not only the battleground states, but I talk about this tonight in the, in the podcast, Minnesota, New Hampshire, Virginia, New Mexico, and I think to some extent potentially Nebraska too, are all now back in play in a way that we wouldn't have talked about four weeks ago. Just trust me on this, I think that there is a scenario in which Trump could actually get to 350 electoral votes. I don't think that it's possible, right? I'm just telling you, look at the data, look at what's happening in each one of these states. It went from outside the margin error. Each one of them, each one of them is trending in Trump's direction. Does he get all four? I don't think so, but I think that they've gone from assuming that the, the, the Blue Wall, Michigan, Pennsylvania and Wisconsin, we're gonna be the toughest to now saying what else could we pick up?


But I believe at the very least, we pick up one of those four other states that I mentioned. He's gonna go to Albuquerque, he's gonna go to Al, he's gonna go there and he'll go to Minnesota. He wants Minnesota in play so bad That, I mean, unlike the best case projections on the map, when you like, make it most favorable to Trump, Minnesota remains blue. So, I mean, that would be truly a power move. Dan, what do you make of Sean's analysis? Well, look, I, I don't know if Trump is actually going to, you know, end up winning those states. I, I think what's hard as a Democrat is you would hope that there would be some states that you would be talking about for you where maybe Trump is on having to play a little bit of defense, a little bit of rear guard, and it's just not the case.


And, you know, go to 2020, even 2016 up until Comey, you know, the, at this point the Clinton campaign was talking about maybe Arizona and, and some other states. Joe Biden w was beginning to talk about Georgia being like, real, we may win it. It's just at this point you're playing defense everywhere and hoping that you can, you know, pull out two 70. Dan, how are you feeling about the Senate races? Because, you know, we've been talking about, for example, Texas I think is a closer than Republicans would like, Florida is a little closer than Republicans would like Nebraska's closer than Republicans would like. I realize there's another story on the other side as well. You know, we can, we're actually having Dave McCormick on in a minute from Pennsylvania.


But what, how do you see the, you the balance of power in the Senate going? I think it's really a question of how far to the Republicans does it go? You know, there was some optimism, I think two or three weeks ago about Texas, Florida, and Nebraska. It seems like the democratic candidates have stalled now. They got to within maybe, let's say three or four points and, and you know, you would need now to see it maybe a two point to keep that momentum and trend line going. Look, Democrats are nervous. I think a month ago they did not think Tammy Baldwin in Wisconsin, or at least Slotkin in Michigan were really in danger. Now they're very much in danger. Your guest coming on soon is probably feeling pretty good right now about where the trend lines are heading.


And I think what's most concerning is this is about the time where a candidate, if they think they're gonna lose, does whatever they think is necessary to try to turn that around. And usually that means when there's a presidential election, you try to hug the candidate that is in the lead in your state. And my hope would be that they would, all the Senate Democrats would be hugging Kamala Harris. But what we are seeing, Bob, Casey, Tammy Baldwin and others are starting to run ads that, you know, hug Donald Trump and those ads, that is not a kind of like off the cuff statement at a press conference where you may be misspoke. Those are produced, those are booked on air.


They are often run by people in Washington DC who will kind of give you their blessing a little bit. And that tells you everything about the state of a lot of these races. Unfortunately. That's Mark, you're chuckling. Why are you, oh yeah, go ahead Sean, and then I'll do Mark. No, no, He's right. They're on defense. Dave McCormick's gonna win. I think Mike Rogers in Michigan, and you look at Eric Huffy, this isn't, look at the trends in all three of those states. They have continued Wisconsin, they continued to slowly and shortly in the direction of each one of those Republicans. This isn't just a guess or a vibe. Look at the public polling, nevermind the internal polling. All of it shifts to the right. And it's McCormick in, in Pennsylvania, it's, it's HDI in Wisconsin and it's Rogers in Michigan all flowing the same way.


And the Republican side, you've got all of those three races, NA, Nebraska, Florida, and Texas, all shor up. Mark, I wanna get your thoughts, and I also wanna just ask you as I toss it to you, many times on this show, you've said there's plenty of time. There's plenty of time. Is there still plenty of time In the presidential you mean, or the Senate races? Yeah. Yeah. Well, both, Well, well, I mean, I think Republicans will be anywhere from 52 to 56 seats at this point. Oh, because there's a lot, there's a lot still that could fall their way or, or not. I was, I was laughing about, about the ads featuring Trump because of two things. First of all, it's not, it's not uncommon for someone who's trying to win over voters who like bipartisanship to say, I worked with the president of the other party.


But there's two things about that in this case. One, I don't see a lot of Republican senate candidates saying, I worked with Joe Biden and Kamala Harris, it's unimaginable. And Donald Trump is not a normal former president, right? I mean, you wouldn't see them do an ad saying, I worked with Satan, you know, I, I got stuff done with Satan. But, but it's the equivalent of that. And you go back to Chuck Schumer sitting next to Donald Trump at the, at the Al Smith dinner. Like they're being forced to confront Satan. You think about if the war ends in Ukraine, our people are, is the American president gonna meet with Putin? Right? It's, it's, it's like that for a lot of Americans. And so it's my, I was laughing 'cause it's a big step, which is Dan pointed out, it's not an offhand remarket a press conference or in a debate.


They're producing ads. Like, give me a flattering image of Donald Trump to put in my ads. Oh wow. To show that I worked with him. Is it too late? It's, it's not because Kamala Harris still has abortion. The female vote, the ground game, and Trump fatigue, those four things could power her to victory. As I said, I can list 12 things going on right now, episodic or trends that are positive for Trump in terms of his chances. I can't really list any for Harris, but those four mainstays are real. Those are real things. And I think, I think that as long as they can keep it close and so far with the possible exception of Arizona, I don't believe he's blown any of these states out.


And so she's in the ball game and, and, and, and a combination of ground game October surprise and a hidden female abortion vote, she could still win. And, and, and not, it's not some long shot, it's still a very real thing. The New York Times reporting today that on the gender gap and just how strongly anti-Trump young women are in particular and pro-Trump young men are. But saying at least according to the numbers they ran, the young female vote is turning out in amazing numbers. And that's something for Kamala Harris to feel good about. Like those women are so far getting to the polls. I think the men will get there too. I guess they're suggesting maybe not in the numbers that would equal the women so far.


I mean, you know, technically we're not at election day or I've Got not if there's a good game on tv, not if there's a good game on tv they want Is there on a Tuesday? I don't th there's like football on so many days now. Monday night football, Sunday night football. Sunday football Thursday. I was talking about, I dont think we about, I think we're good on Tuesdays. I was talking about Xbox. That's always on. Yeah. Okay. Okay. Last but not least. So the Doug Moff accuser, the, the ex-girlfriend who says he slapped her across the face out in the open in 2012. I mean, this was months before he got together with Kamala. This isn't 30 years ago or even, you know, 20 years ago.


So she has given, she hasn't spoken directly to the Daily Mail, but they've reported on the story with great detail and witnesses supporting her story, et cetera. She's got more corroboration than Christine Blasey Ford have had. I, I will tell you that having covered both cases carefully, the issue comes up on CNN where poor Scott Jennings does battle against everybody. He's the lone Republican over there. And this is what happened. Look at, look at the reaction slot 16. This rapper, who I fully admit sold a lot of records, if you've read some of the things he has said about the promotion of domestic violence. No, No, no. What he said against, against women. No, he said, he said, if you famous, you can grab them by the Bakari.


I listen to your entire filibuster. If you could just give me 13 seconds, I give you 12. 'cause he said grab 'em by the, and And, and so when you, when you think about the things he has said in order to sell those records, and you also consider some of the questions that are swirling around Harris's own husband in this regard. Oh my God, I find, find, okay, you don't even get 12 seconds. I find I'm not gonna let you go into the far end of b I'm just, Scott, you can't, you can't listen, I can't represent you in the defamation case and I you are gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna stop here for a second. I just wanna talk strategy, but yeah, I thought We were on like a polling Strategy, Scott. I I just have to say I will, I'll take those concerns seriously. If you also express concerns about the allegations he's been found liable for rape, Donald Sar sexual assault, that's the same thing.


Okay. So that, that's also, that's also true. I'm saying not state New York, so we're not gonna litigate those other things. But you can't, you can't just pick and choose which, and, and I I know we have To go. No, you cannot just pick and choose. And some of us don't. Some of us report on both candidates and the nasty things that come up against them because there's a possibility that they're true. And some of us have a history of doing that. Abby, unlike you, who wants to sweep this under the rug, Sean, this is unbelievable to hear them say, oh my God, it's bs you're gonna get sued for defamation. I thought we were gonna talk strategy.


Let's get back to strategy. We're gonna stop this. He's been filed and liable for rape rapes the same thing as sexual assault. No, it isn't. It's a different, entirely different cause of action and thing. And then the indignation by the CNN anchor that you just, you cannot talk about the Doug Emh allegations if you're not going to talk about Eugene Carroll. What? Show me where you talked about the, the Doug Emh allegations one time Abby Philip. Show me I I'll wait. Go ahead, Sean. Yeah, I I, I remember I'm old enough to remember when we used to believe all women remember that that was a, a good moment in time. I guess we're, we're, we're past that now. But the thing that's funny is, I mean, CNN probably spent days, if not weeks, covering the allegations against Donald Trump.


Now a credible allegation comes up against Doug Emh and it's, we can't talk about it. You will be sued for even mentioning this. Like, think about this. They don't want the conversation to exist. Nevermind, I, if they wanna defend him, that's fine, right? That's their right and their prerogative. But to say that we can't discuss it because it's defamatory. Now, I'm no lawyer, but I believe that you spent a lot of time talking about Donald Trump, every accusation that he's made on a whole host of issues. But we can't talk about Doug Emh. I mean, and, and remember, by the way, this is one that Jen Psaki on another network talked about. It's the new definition of masculinity. I don't think there's a masculine person that would ever condone the behavior that Doug Emh has been accused of.


So I, I mean, it is so rich for these folks to take this posture at this point. I was talking about this with my husband, the Good Doug last night, and he was saying, you know, he, he was saying like, he doesn't even know a guy who has slapped a woman across the face like this. This is a hair trigger. This, they were out having a nice night together. The, the Daily Mail reports, they weren't in an argument. And he was irritated that she put her hand on the valet shoulder to get a taxi. And Cole clocked her. Dan, this is fair game for exploration and further reporting. And you and I both know that if these allegations were against anyone on Team Trump, they would be fully discussed, notwithstanding the fact that right now the accuser remains anonymous.


And, but she has a contemporaneous ear witness, which is more than Eugene Carroll had. Eugene Carroll said she called. That's the woman they were talking about who sued Trump for sexual assault. She said she called a friend after the fact. This woman, according to the Daily Mail, called a man within seconds of being hit because she was afraid she was gonna get, get hit again. That's much closer than Eugene Carroll had. This woman had an ear witness and other friends, Eugene Carroll didn't have any witnesses. Anyway, my point is, and by the way, Christine Blasey Ford had no witnesses. Nothing. Nobody. And we, how long did we spend on that? The double standard stinks. And I don't know, I mean, you tell me, Dan, I realize he's not the candidate, but should we care that we might be putting in as quote first gentleman, somebody who's got a hair trigger and likes to smack his women around?


Yes. I mean, of course, if this weren't the shoe, if the shoe weren't on the other foot, this would absolutely be a story. And not just in a presidential race, if you were running, you know, if Bob Casey's wife was accused of, of, of some aggressive action, it would be a topic of discussion and Bob Casey would have to answer for it. So yeah, a a absolutely, you know, thi this is something that ultimately he will probably have to, you know, answer for. And if nothing else, you know, I hate to say this as a Democrat, but in 2020 when we had the allegations of the Hunter Biden laptop, you know, count me as someone who thought it was a Russian plot to disturb the election, and we later learned that was not the case.


And so to just knee jerk say, there's nothing to see here. And, and we can't talk about this if you're being honest, you know, yes, you would wanna talk about this, right? It is laptop. I shouldn't point out Doug Emh has denied these allegations through a spokesperson, a campaign spokesperson to the Daily Mail saying the report is false. Doug Emh has never, and would never hit a woman. He has not, however, produced the woman, which is exactly what any man would do if truly innocent, he would call the ex-girlfriend and say, I'm sorry to bother you, but could you please issue a statement saying what is true? And that would be very easy to do, and most women would be happy to do. She's reportedly a Democrat would be happy to come out and say, this is daily male nonsense.


He never laid a hand on me. It hasn't happened. And I would submit that there's a reason. Mark, you were shaking your head no a second ago when, when Dan was talking, why? Just, just about the double standard. I mean, you know, I wish this weren't in the Daily Mail. I don't mean to disparage them But, it gives the, the pro-democratic press a little bit of a pass. I do wonder how much the Washington Post and New York Times and others have spent investigative bandwidth on trying to confirm it. Same. You know? I know, I know. Yeah. Well, no, I don't know. I don't know. Sean's Got the big zero up, But, but again, he's been out there, as you said, with Zaki and other forums. He's been out there talking about being a champion for women's rights.


And, you know, if you just take the, if you, if you assume the Daily Mail story isn't made up, it has, as you said, it has a lot of elements of corroboration, And. it seems like if, if this were a Republican, the candidate would've been asked about it, and he would've been asked about it in more detail than he's been asked himself. He's been asked, it's been raised, and he's just dismissed it. You know, you know, who should be investigating this? The hardest Jen Psaki. If, if that were me, and I'd interviewed a guy and I'd gotten it that wrong. And let's face it, reporters get things wrong. It's not like everyone's required to have a spotless record, but when you find out that there's this allegation and that you've now run cover for this guy, you've presented him as this ally of women, and then you fi find this out, I would be up day and night using the resources of NBC to find out whether I got it wrong, whether this guy is a turd, and whether I need to update my reporting so that I can maintain faith with my own audience.


I, the audiences do not expect or require 100% accuracy on all stories they expect and require honesty. And when you get it wrong that you say you've gotten it wrong. And I look forward to seeing what, if any, efforts at all Saki and NBC and the New York Times and all of these outlets have done to see whether we are about to elevate this guy into the White House who has an alleged history of abusing, physically abusing women. It it, by the way, he would be married to the first female president. Not for nothing, guys, always a pleasure. It's, it's an emotional rollercoaster whenever you're on and love the show. Thanks for being here.


Thanks Megan. Thank you, Megan, thank you. Okay. It's called the Morning Meeting. You can watch it every weekday live and even participate in it on the two-Way YouTube channel. Up next. Dave McCormick. You heard his name mentioned over and over, he is running for US Senate in Pennsylvania. Could he be the guy to unseat the Democrat incumbent and either give Republicans the majority in the Senate or possibly even cushion it? Standby for that.


I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply


With the Mediterranean right around the corner. Your perfect bowl or Pita is waiting at Kava. Enjoy our new juicy grilled steak. Or one of over 17 billion delicious combos. Order on the app or in one of over 50 kava locations in the DMV.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed MGM Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


We've been reporting on Donald Trump's momentum in the polls, but we've gotta tell you about what might be the tremors of a brewing political earthquake in the Senate race in Pennsylvania. Bob Casey is the Democratic incumbent he's running for his fourth term. He's considered political royalty in the Keystone state. His father was once the governor and his previous three Senate elections were blowouts. But that is not looking like it's going to be the case this time around. The Cook Political report this week moved this race from Lean Democrat to toss up due to Republican Dave McCormick's surge in the polls and get this Mr. Casey, Senator Casey is getting so desperate. You heard the guys mentioned a moment ago ago, he is pointing to his work with Trump in his latest campaign ad.


Yes, Senator Casey, who voted to convict Trump twice in the impeachment trials and votes with President Biden's position over 98% of the time is highlighting to Pennsylvanians about the times he sided with Trump. I'm a Republican And I'm a Democrat. Our marriage pure bliss, but on politics, we just don't agree except for Bob Casey. He's independent. That's right. Casey's leading the effort to stop corporate greed, deflation, and price gouging Casey bucked Biden to protect fracking, and he sided with Trump to end NAFTA and put tariffs on China to stop them from cheating. So in this house, we agree it's Bob Casey who's doing right by Pennsylvania.


I'm Bob Casey and I definitely approve this message. Oh boy. Joining me now, GOP Senate candidate Dave McCormick. Dave, welcome back. Good to see you. Hey, Megan, how are you? So you must be feeling good about that. I'm feeling great about it. I think it's a good sign that that Senator Casey's polling showing what my polling is, which is the race is closed, it's a, it's a tie or maybe, maybe even a little more than a tie on my, on my behalf. But the momentum is clearly on my side. And the reason for that is that people are seeing that this is really a choice between change and the status quo. And 75% of Pennsylvanians think the country's going in the wrong direction.


And Bob Casey iss a 30 year elected office. You, you said he's a political dynasty. It's true. Somebody asked me on television the other day, what about the dynasty? And I said, well, the thing about dynasties are they all end at some point. And, and this guy has been weak. You know, when Pennsylvanians need strength, and he's voted, as you've said, for increasingly liberal policy. So in Pennsylvania, you know, this isn't, this doesn't fly when he votes for all the reckless spending that's led to inflation. He's voted for sanctuary cities against the wall, against funding for the border patrol. He's been part of the defund, the police movement. And, and he's, he's voted to have biological men be able to compete in women's sports.


So the contrast between me as a, you know, combat vet, a West Point grad, a business guy, an outsider versus a career politician, is it's resonating. And I think that's why we're seeing the movement in the polls. What do you say to those who believe Pennsylvania is fools gold for Republicans? That you've got two Democrats in the Senate from Pennsylvania, you've got a Democratic governor that it's been, you know, Trump won it in 16, but prior to that, it, it had been, I don't know how many years, Joe, I think it was HW Bush was the last Republican to win it prior to Trump in 16. It just feels like it's always just, you know, they run and they, they believe, and then Lucy in the football, they Know, they know how to reach. Well, I think structurally you have to pay attention to what's happened.


So when President Trump won in 2016, there were a million more registered Democrats than Republicans today, as of two days ago, it's 298,000. So 700,000 movement in registration. That's because the cities are losing Democrats who are moving outta state. We're we're registering rural voters who didn't vote in the past. And many Democrats are becoming Republicans. So structurally the state is much more Republican. And then we've invested a lot and there's been an enormous effort. The, the Trump campaign and my campaign have been very coordinated on mail-in ballots. So when you look at the numbers, Megan on mail-in ballots, there's been an enormous shift.


The Democrats will probably still win mail-in ballots, but it's gonna be five, six, 700,000 less than they have in the past. So those two factors alone would, I think, set, put, create a very different macro environment. But then on top of that, just the level of discontent. You know, I think Biden, Pennsylvania may have been the one state where President Biden would've been a better candidate than Kamala Harris. But, you know, Scranton Joe, he'd been campaigning there for 50 years, knew every union leader, every county commissioner, this Kamala Harris agenda, in her own words, you've heard her say it, ban fracking, legalized legal, immigration confiscation, mandatory buybacks of guns.


These positions may, may work at San Francisco. They are completely outta touch with a Pennsylvania that's moving to the right. And I think that's, those are the factors that just sort of make this structurally better than it's been in the past. And then, you know, I'm running against the guy who, who, who hasn't done much. He's got the name, but he hasn't, he hasn't delivered and he's become, you know, increasingly liberal. And so he's not been tested, he's not been challenged. And I think Very few of any of his bills have ever become laws. He, I don't exactly know what he's been doing other than voting with Joe Biden 98% of the time. I do wanna say, don't, you don't have to take Dave McCormick's word for it, or Megan Kelly's or Cook political report. Listen to Chuck Todd.


I know my audience doesn't, but listen, listen to Chuck Todd talking about this race on October 11th. It's so 43. What do you think about Pennsylvania? Bob Casey? You know, this is the race that I think is if, when I look at which one, which one of these swing state senate races can defy the presidential, right. We have seen there's, there's only been since the rise of Trump. Only Susan Collins has been able to break this mold where she could win her senate seat while the other party won the presidential in her state. She did that in 2020. There is so much money for McCormick Casey is being outspent, and there's a, there's something missing for Casey this time.


It feel, you can sometimes feel when a candidate, So you think that Harris could been in Pennsylvania, but Casey I think that this, I think the Senate race has been slightly separated in that state a bit from the presidential, I think of all the ones. I think Michigan and Wisconsin can no more than one or two points from the presidential, let me, Pennsylvania is the only one I think differently. Yeah, Pretty interesting. Although I will say your opponent spent just about as much, I mean, like this race is Oh That yeah, Hugely expensive. He's he's thrown a lot of money at it too. Yeah. He, he spent more that that actually Chuck had that wrong, you know, I think this summer I was outspent something like five to one. I had 50, $60 million of attack ads that came against me.


And during that period, the polling closed. And I think, you know, listen, it's hard to know what's going on in, in voters' minds, but I think what's happened, the negativity, I mean, this is a guy who's been in office for years, the Poll, you're saying that the polling deluge he against you helped you? I, I, I think so. And I, I, I attribute it to two things. One, this is a guy who has been in office for 18 years. His entire campaign is about attacking me. So he's not running on what he's accomplished, he's running on attacks. And, and then second the ads, you know, the, the ads I have done, I've, I've put my face on the camera and I've talked about my, my service in the 82nd Airborne Division deploying to Iraq.


I've talked about, you know, being a, a wrestler in high school and college and, and Pennsylvania wrestling is a religion. It's in the bloodstream. And I've got my, you know, seven generations of Pennsylvania. So I've got a family farm. So the lies were so, and the lies have proven to be, been proven to be lies by independent, independent sources. You know, the Washington Post had a big article last week, which is typically not a conservative leaning publication that, that a lot, that ad that Casey ran saying that I was gonna cut social security and Medicare was a complete fabrication. And that's been the Whole Yeah, WaPo gave it four Pinocchios. Exactly. So I think people are like, wait a second, this dark, ominous music, you know, it's just, and and I get up there and say, listen, these are lies.


Let me tell you about the kind of leadership we need for Pennsylvania's future. Bob Casey's had his shot. He just hasn't delivered. I think people see the genuineness of that argument. So. Well, I was Looking for the goods on you. I I, of course, I would give you a hard time. I know you are so far as I can tell, anything that's holding you back would be abortion, which is a difficult one for a lot of Republicans in swing states. And they're saying that you're a carpet bagger because you've got a presence in Connecticut where I am in addition to your home in Pittsburgh. And they wanna paint you as like an outsider, kinda like a Doctor Oz type. Yeah. Yeah. Well, yeah, both on both of those listen to abortion is polarizing across the country.


You know, I'm someone who thinks it shouldn't be decided by judges. I think it, I think the people should decide, and I think it's a state's rights issue. And the people in Pennsylvania have decided that we have a law that allows abortions up until 24 weeks. And the, the republicans and Democrats have voted for it. And the guy who signed it into law was a guy named Casey, Senator Casey's father. Wow. And so and so, and you have Senator Casey who ran as a pro-life senator 18 years ago and has signed, has voted for legislation that would allow abortions up until, up until the due date and federal funding for them. My position is state's rights. My position is that I, I'm in favor of the three exceptions.


My position is that we shouldn't have a federal legislation or a federal mandate or ban and listen. Nope. You're not gonna make everybody happy on, on, on any of these positions. I, as you know, I'm a father of six daughters and so I've spent time talking about this with them. But that's the position that I think is, is common ground. And most Pennsylvanians can get their head around it on the Connecticut Piece. How about the state thing? Yeah, The Connecticut piece. You know, I've, I've lived most of my life in Pennsylvania. I grew up in Pennsylvania. I went to the Army for nine years after the Army, I went to grad school, I came back to Pennsylvania. I ran a company, I helped create hundreds of jobs, went back into public service and then I did live in Connecticut for 12 years.


I ran, you know, one of the great investment firms of the world and moved permanently back to Pennsylvania in 2021. And I don't own a home in Connecticut or anything like that, but I do have a daughter. I'm divorced and remarried and my sixth daughter, my youngest, everybody else is in college or outta college. But I have one who's a senior in high school. So I do go to Connecticut to visit her, be a good dad. And you know, 50% of Pennsylvanians are divorced. So they understand that. Alright, I'm gonna, I am gonna figure out whether you are really from Pennsylvania right now. I happen to be married to a Pennsylvania. I'm gonna figure out whether you're Penn. Okay. Here's the test. Repeat after me. Say, say the word O-V-E-R-O Over OVER.


Okay. I'm gonna give you one more. Yeah. Say the word O-N-U-S-O-N. Onus. Yeah. Okay. I heard it on the first one. I'm gonna get, I'm gonna say yes. They all my friends in Pennsylvania and my husband and my in-laws, they, they say like, Oh, but, but where's he from? He's from the mainline. Where? From, from right outside, like Newtown Square. Listen, See, I'm, I'm from, I, I grew up in the, i I was born in the west and moved back to the west. So the difference between Pittsburgh and Philadelphia, it's like China and Japan. I mean, he's these accents. Well that's why I, I heard it on one O but not the second. I'm always like, why are you saying your os like that? Like, ooh. And then when I saw mayor of East town, it finally made sense to me.


Dave, there you go. He's just from Pennsylvania. Okay, I get it. Alright, so now tell me this, how do you see the stakes of this election? Because, you know, two Chuck Todd's point, there could be ticket splitting Trump. We don't know. Trump's looking a lot better today than he did even on October 11th in Pennsylvania. Yeah. But they might like divided governments given how purple that state is. So what, could you make a prediction? Like what is the most likely outcome? Yeah, I, I honestly feel a real shift for President Trump. You know, that when Kamala Harris became the nominee, there was definitely like this euphoria excitement and the, all the media attention and you know, when you're on the ground, people were responding to that.


But I think the more they see of Kamala Harris in her own words, the more she's unable to lay out a vision in, in her interviews, I think the more those people that are up in the air are moving towards President Trump. So what I feel is a lot of support for President Trump. You know, I think it's gonna be close, but I definitely feel the people that are the swing voters moving and I feel the same for me. Can we talk about this, this crime story that's in the news out of Pennsylvania today, in which an off duty Pennsylvania state police officer, a specifically liquor control enforcement officer, died from stab wounds on Monday and KDKA radio and other outlets are reporting that the suspect was released on no cash bail by a notorious far left local judge.


25-year-old Anthony Cason is accused of killing 44-year-old Benjamin Braier near a trail in the Pittsburgh suburbs on Monday. And the allegation here is that the accused who goes by the transgender name Antonia Casim, was released on no cash bail by Magisterial District Judge Xander Orenstein after Cason was arrested in just as June of 2023 for felony robbery. The other twist to this case is the judge themselves identifies as quote non-binary.


And now there's a controversy over whether this judge is too far left to be managing crime cases on the bench in Pennsylvania. Yeah, you sort of can't make it up. You know, this is, this is indicative of a problem we have across Pennsylvania. We have this in Philadelphia with Larry Krasner, who's this incredibly liberal judge, Soros backed prosecutor. We have this with some of the judicial appointments. And it's the reason that violent crime in Philadelphia is near all time highs. It's the reason that violent crime in, in Pittsburgh is moving into the suburbs. And it's a, it's a huge issue for Pennsylvanians. And so there's, there's multiple problems. One is these liberal judges and liberal prosecutors.


The other is that our police forces, our law enforcement in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh are, are deeply undermanned. The whole defund the police movement, which Senator Casey has been affiliated with, has been endorsed by, has contributed to a huge recruiting crisis. And in Pittsburgh where I live, we got about 650 cops where we used to have a thousand in 2020. And so the, the actual patrols in my neighborhood are about half what they were four or five years ago. So this is a pervasive problem across Pennsylvania. It's, I think it's part of the reason that the fraternal order of police, 44,000 men and women in uniform have endorsed me. They switched their endorsement from Bob Casey because he stood behind all these liberal policies, liberal judges.


He thought the problem in our police forces is systematic racism. He hasn't stood for qualified immunity. It's a pervasive problem. We need leadership to stand strong on these issues. And that's what I'll do in the Senate. This judge has got a very questionable pass. Just in April per CBS news, the Allegheny County presiding judge removed Judge Orenstein quote from hearing all arraignments for an indefinite period of time, effective immediately after the judge released several high profile criminals on no cash bail or criminal defendants on no cash bail. This is a big leftist thing that they think bail is racist. Yeah. That you can't make bail if you're a minority.


And so they're eliminating it, which basically is just a revolving door for people who are arrested to go right back out in the streets. Now a law enforcement officer is dead. There are some state senators in Pennsylvania like Devlin Robinson saying that they're gonna ask house members to introduce articles and impeachment to remove this magisterial Judge, do you think they should? Yeah. Devlin's a a a neighbor in Pittsburgh and a, a great, great senator in Pennsylvania and that's absolutely the kind of things we should be doing as well as, you know, essentially putting new prosecutors in place. I mean, Bob can't Casey stood behind Larry Krasner. So, you know, the problem is both the judges and the prosecutors who aren't law and order and, and our cities are deteriorating as a consequence of it.


Okay, so let me ask you this in the news today, John Kelly with supposed bombshell reporting that we've been hearing for years, to be honest, but now it's audio and he's on cam saying that Trump had some admiration for Hitler, that Trump said Hitler wasn't all bad or that he did some good things and that Trump didn't understand why his generals couldn't be more like Hitler's generals in response to which you say what? Listen, I've, I've spent, I don't know, a dozen visits with President Trump over the last three or four months. I've heard him talk about the military in every one of them. And he has only talked with the greatest regard and respect for the men and women of our armed forces. Puts them on an enormous pedestal.


And at the same time he has criticized where, where I think they deserve criticism that generals, many of the generals that have been put in place, particularly under Biden Harris and Casey, who have in introduced all this woke prioritization, DEI, within our armed forces that are, in my opinion, contributing to a, a re reduction in war fighting capacity. I think they're contributing to the recruiting crisis. So I have no doubt in my mind the admiration that President Trump has for our, our men and women in, in the Armed services. And I also think he's right that we need new leaders in the Department of Defense, new new generals who are gonna be war fighters that are gonna go out there and, and make sure all our adversaries in the world know we're tough and strong, and I think that's gonna make Americans safer right now.


They think we're weak and that's why they're testing us around the world. Last but not least, Elon Musk hit the campaign trail with you trying to encourage Pennsylvanians to get out and vote for you. Here's a little bit of that in so 44, It's, it's absolutely essential that we win the Senate and the presidency in order to affect change that that's important, and to protect the Constitution, which is under attack by a lot of Democrats, which is shocking actually. And frankly, it's sedition. So, and yet they, they, they sort of really a openly advocate, you know, overturning elements of the constitution, especially the right to bear arms and, and, and freedom of speech.


It's, it's open sedition and that nothing, nobody does anything about it. But that's why we, we, we have to have a, a clean sweep of those who believe in the Constitution. Those will uphold the constitution. John Fetterman says, you better be careful because the Elon Musk will be very attractive to a demographic that we need to win. On the Dem side, Josh Shapiro, the Dem governor is saying law enforcement should get involved here and look at how Elon Musk is giving away a million dollars a day to a lucky voter who registers for his pack. What, what's your reaction to all of that? Well, listen, I think it's, I mean, it's great that he's on the ground in Pennsylvania.


You know, Pennsylvania's the keystone state don't determine the presidency and as you said, the majority in the Senate or adding to the majority in the Senate. So I think he's making a big difference here. And there's definitely a demographic that he's bringing to the table that is very exciting for us as Republicans to encourage a lot of these younger voters to get engaged. And, you know, this election really is the most important for our lifetimes. And, it affects them in terms of the million bucks I was there when he handed it out to a young woman from the audience who was totally caught by surprise. And the only thing you need to do to apply for the million dollars is to say you wanna protect the Constitution. And that seems like a great, great incentive to me. I can't imagine there's a, a legal problem with that when George Sorrows gives billions of dollars to Democratic candidates.


Seems like a million dollars to somebody who wants to stand up for the Constitution is probably a pretty good thing. I think he's gonna be fine. I looked at the language carefully and I think he'll be fine because he's not actually paying people to vote or to register to vote. It's for supporting in particular, the first and Second Amendments through his pack. That's right. Dave, good luck to you. Thank you for coming on. Thanks Megan. Great to be with you. Thank you. Alright, and everybody can find out more about Dave's campaign. He is. Got the best ads of any candidate out there. I mean, we've played numerous of them on this show because they're just so good. Remember he dropped that first ad on Kamala Harris before even Trump did when she was elevated And. it just, it defined the race for the first six weeks, the, the snippets he put together of her.


Anyway, you can see that one and his latest one, which is six minutes of Kamala Harris being dangerously liberal, which he just released a couple days ago. Find it at Dave McCormick. It's MICK McCormick pa.com. Dave McCormick pa.com. And thank you to all of you for joining me today. Tomorrow Democratic Representative Roanna will be here. That will be feisty. It'll be fun. Plus I'll be breaking down the Kamala Harris CNN Town Hall. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear


With the Mediterranean right around the corner. Your perfect bowl or Pita is waiting at Kava. Enjoy our new juicy grilled steak, or one of over 17 billion delicious combos. Order on the app or in one of over 50 kava locations in the DMV.


There are some football feelings you can only get with be MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh, or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports Book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.