
Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans, up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amount subject to lender approval.


Ready to start your GLP one weight loss journey. It's never been easier. With Whole Health Rx by the vitamin shop. Visit Whole Health RX for access to highly effective weight loss solutions, transforming countless lives every day with no insurance required. Choose from Dr. Trusted Ozempic Manjaro, compounded semaglutide, and more delivered to your doorstep. See if you qualify for quick approval to reach your healthiest weight ever. Explore Whole Health Rx, including important safety information about risk for thyroid C cell tumors at www.vitaminshop.com/glp one weightloss.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. In today's am bonus episode, the ramifications of Trump's executive order, defending women from gender ideology, extremism, and restoring biological truth to the federal government are being celebrated all over the country. And certainly right here at the MK Show. Female prisoners also have reason to celebrate men cannot be housed in female prisons any longer. And thank God because one journalist recently detailed a shocking story of one female inmate's journey and trial over being housed with men.


And it completely underscores how just and needed Trump's order was and how disgusting Obama, Biden and Harris were in insisting that this be allowed to happen. Maddie Kearns is associate editor now at the Free Press, and she joins me now.


Some therapists say that debt can make people feel desperate and helpless. It can ruin your sleep, creep into your relationships, it can wreck happiness. But there are ways to get help. Let me tell you about Done With Debt. They have aggressive new strategies to end your debt fast. Done with Debt stands between you and the bill collectors. They tirelessly negotiate to slash balances, eliminate interest and stop the crushing penalties. All without loans or bankruptcy. Done with Debt has one goal to wipe out your debt for good. Before you even consider making another payment, consider a visit to done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their strategists for free and tell them I sent you. But you do need to hurry because some of these debt solutions are time sensitive and you don't wanna miss out. Go to done with Debt dot com. Done with Debt com.


Maddie, good to see you again. How you doing? I'm doing well. Thanks for having me. Okay, so tell us a story. Start with the, with the opening, who is the prisoner and what happened to her? Sure. Her name is Rhonda Fleming. She's serving a 27 year sentence for Medicare fraud in the federal prison system. And she's been in there since 2009. So before the Obama era policy got into play. And really since then, she's been housed with multiple men in various federal prisons throughout the country. And she's been trying to protest this. She's tried been trying to fight for women only spaces in prisons for a long time. She had a, a lawsuit that was unsuccessful in 2017.


The Trump administration first time round did roll back some of this stuff, but they certainly haven't been as forceful as they've been this time. And then she just had this recent lawsuit against the Biden administration, which once again allowed much more permissive policies. And that lawsuit was held in district court in Florida on the 14th of January. And the judge ruled against her and, and found that her claim that being housed with two men violated her constitutional right to bodily privacy. He found that this wasn't persuasive because she did have access to some shower curtains and partitions in the restrooms and so on.


And so he ruled against her. Now I spoke to her lawyer on Friday and he said to me, well, we're hoping that she won't have to appeal, or at least the, the appeal, it won't all depend on the appeal because hopefully Trump will come in and change the policy. And looks like he got his wish because we broke the story on Sunday that that is exactly what Trump has done with his new executive order. So who was defending the lawsuit? The, the Bureau of Prisons. The Federal Bureau of Prisons. That's right. So it was Erica Strong was the warden at Tallahassee, the, the federal prison in Tallahassee. And she was, she was being, she was in her official capacity as a representative for the Federal Bureau of Prisons.


So it was a lawsuit against the Federal Bureau of Prisons. And so do, was it the feds, was it the DOJ representing the Federal Bureau of Prisons? Yeah, so it's exactly, it goes up to the, the, the DOJ. And so this was, this was a policy from the top down. So it started under Obama in 2012. The Department of Justice under Obama issued this transgender prisoner's offender manual. And in that they said, you know, we don't have to base this on on sex. We can base this on gender identity. And that's regardless of what, what they called quote unquote genital status, if you can believe that. Oh boy. And so, yeah, so, so that obviously just resulted in men, men who hadn't even gone undergone hormone treatment necessarily, or even surgeries being housed in women's prisons.


And I should say Megan, it's not just men, it's men who are criminals. And according to the Bureau of Prison's own data, half of these men in women's prisons are sex offenders. So it's, you know, it's really just a recipe of for disaster. And there have been cases of assault and rape. Yes, there have. There, there was, there's a case in California just now. So California, this is talking about the, the state prison system. So they've got their own laws and they have a, essentially a self ID law, which just allows any prisoner, any male prisoner to just declare themselves a woman. And then they are entitled. And the entitlement is a big problem here.


They're entitled to be housed in a women's prison. And there was a, a really terrible case of, of a man who allegedly raped and impregnated fellow inmates. There, there's a lawsuit going forward just now under represented by the Women's Liberation Front. There, a radical feminist organization who are posing this and they're hoping that they can, they can get, you know, all the way through with this. And, and you know, because ideally this would eventually go to the Supreme Court because at the moment Trump's executive order affects the federal prison system. But federal prisons are only, there's only 29 of these are federal prisons. The rest are a hundred, 143 state prisons.


And they can really do what they like as we're seeing in California with these really quite devastating consequences. And even at the federal level, if we don't get a Supreme Court ruling or a ruling from a higher court, it could just get reversed under the next president unless Trump changes the law, which hopefully he will. He's got four years. I mean, this was an immediate way to address the issue. And you know, I think there actually is public support now to stop this. If you look at the latest polls, they're overwhelmingly on the side of reason even amongst Democrats. So I actually think there is the opportunity for legislation here, but I don't know, the Democrats tend to be very cowardly on these issues. So what we'd really like to see is a, a law passed by Congress and signed by Trump that puts this executive order into permanent place.


But short of that, a court ruling, especially from the Supreme Court, would be ideal. So the law fair that's happening does matter. So what happens now? So she lost, by the way, what do we know the, the background of the judge who didn't think it was a big deal and thought she could just protect herself with a shower curtain? Yeah, I mean, I, I, I don't know too much about his background, so I don't wanna sort of speculate, but I think it, it'd be safe to say he's, he's maybe got like a more liberal record on some of these issues. And I think I, the lawyer also said, you know, it wasn't it, I think maybe Rhonda, the, the plaintiff got a little nervous and there were some, you know, discrepancies between her deposition and her, the, the evidence she gave in court. So I think it wasn't like the, the dream day in court they'd been hoping for, but even still, yeah, I mean the fact that, that he ruled against her is obviously quite a statement.


And it should be a very easy case. You would think especially, you know, most Americans can see this for what it is. I did think it was very interesting that Erica Strong, the, the warden of Tallahassee Prison said in her statement, you know, this is really about Rhonda Fleming not wanting to be housed with prisoners. She views as different to her. And you think, wow. Like, oh boy, we're not just talking about, you know, just thinking like, oh, I don't like that woman, she's too tall, or I don't like that woman, she's too fat. We're talking about an objective recognized difference here, right? Between male and female. And the fact that this has been like framed as being a sort of subjective thing is really, really troubling. And I think that is one thing, you know, with Trump's executive order, it's gonna take time to implement.


There's gonna be a lot of litigation from, you know, LGBT activists, and I'm sure a lot of these transgender inmates are gonna sue if anyone tries to move them out of the women's prisons. But what it does do is it clarifies this very question. It says, no, wait a minute, here we are pointing to something objective, we're pointing to facts, we're talk pointing to biological sex. You know, the only kinda sex that there is. And, and, and so this is, this is what we need to be rooting our laws and our policies in, in order to keep women safe. You know, what's interesting is now it's Pam Bondy's, potentially DOJ, you know, I don't think I, she's not gonna have any trouble getting confirmed and it's Trump's government.


So the DOJ has the prerogative not to pursue, you know, appeals in certain cases or fight back on the Bureau of Prisons in certain cases. So I would imagine if Rhonda filed this lawsuit, you know, under President Trump, you might not even get a DOJ objecting to it. You might, she might just win. She could get potentially even a declaratory judgment that she had the right not to live with men behind closed bars. But ne but the, where it will be trickier is where the trans person sues to say, I have the right to go in, then Pam Bonde will go into court and say, no, you don't. We have a new federal policy. So there will be court decisions coming out probably in droves now, by the way, this guy was an Obama appointee.


But we're gonna start to see a bunch of court decisions now. And I think this is probably generally the be the beginning of a big case going up to the Supreme Court, which is what the trans community doesn't want. Not with six three conservative to live. They don't want it as well because I think the policy is fundamentally in defensible, it's obviously dangerous. It's demonstrably dangerous to women to have convicted fe male felons housed with them. We've seen the results of this, you know, like I said, half of them, at least in the federal system, half of them are sex offenders. I mean, come on, that's just like, and and I should mention as well, you know, I interviewed a former jail mate of Rhonda's who's, who's now released, but they spent some time together and became close friends.


And she was telling me, you know, she, she said she'd been raped like before going into prison. She said, this is very common in prison that a lot of women who get into a life of crime have been sexually abused. And so if you just imagine, you know, talk about cruel and unusual punishment just being in a, a confined space with, with men who, who may have assaulted other women could potentially assault you. You've been assaulted in the past. I mean, that's just, you know, it's, it's really unjust on on just so many levels. It's a nightmare. So do you know how Rhonda's feeling in the wake of Trump's eo? Well, it, it was very, very difficult to get in contact with Rhonda as you, as you might imagine, the, the president weren't all that keen on her talking to journalists.


I did manage to, to speak to her. I, I wouldn't, I wouldn't say how exactly, but I wasn't able to consult with her after the trial. But I know that her lawyer is, is thrilled at this result that, well, not the result of the case of course, but thrilled with, with Trump's policy. And I think it certainly is a morale bo boost for a lot of women who have been trying to, to fight about this for, for years. And I think the other thing as well is, you know, the American public have, have really woken up to this issue in a big way. But actually prisons is a fairly, you know, it's fairly small fish to a lot of people because, you know, they're thinking about sports, they're thinking about what's going on with children. They're not necessarily thinking about women's prisons.


It's a kind of niche population. And so that's, it's been all, all the harder for them to get people to pay attention, get people to care. And I think that, you know, they're, they're hopeful that with the change of administration, with this new focus on it, that they're gonna get some attention and, and rightfully get the public behind them. It's amazing when you think about it, you know, you think about all the, all the attacks on Trump when it comes to women, you know, I mean that's, I made my debate question to him about the things he had said about women at that point as a celebrity. But of course then all hell was unleashed against him with the, after the Access Hollywood tape and all these women coming forward to say this, that the other thing about Trump, Eugene Carroll, whatever that was, and who, like has Obama has Biden, have they even arguably done more for women than Trump who passed the anti-sex trafficking law who on his day, first day in office signs the sweeping executive order to protect female prisoners?


Not exactly the most popular group in America. Not to mention girls in sport, not to mention women in their private spaces, you know, throughout university systems. So like he just a sweeping protection of women and women's rights for which he will get no credit at all. Maddi. Yeah, it's interesting, Meghan, I'm from the UK and it, I know this issue has played out slightly differently over there and there's been a lot of feminists and, and voices on the left who have been very critical of, of the transgender policy agenda. And a lot of them have saying, you know, they don't particularly like Trump, but they're saying, you know, you've gotta hand it to him. Like, where, where was our side when we needed them?


Like it's really been him that's delivered this and protected women and, and unexpectedly perhaps, or ironically even. But you're, you're right. I mean it's, it's kind of, the results do speak for themselves and it's, it's hard to imagine how that executive order could have been written more strongly or more clearly. It just, it was beautiful. Yeah, it just completely made it, you know, that look, we're, we're gonna talk about sex. That's what our policies and our laws should be rooted in. We're not even gonna like waste ink on this gender identity stuff. It's just not relevant. It's not relevant to what we're dealing with. We're dealing with women's sex-based rights, women's sex-based protections, and we are gonna uphold that. And I think it was, like I say, you know, a big morale boost for, for a lot of women, not just in the United States, but everywhere.


Yes. You could see we talked about how it was May mailman of the Independent Women's Forum who drafted that with the help of a lot of others and you know, even before May got to it, it's just, there's so many women and others, you know, I'm thinking about like Billboard Chris, who have spent large portions of their past 10 years fighting against this insanity. And even, you know, I think about Kelly j Keen who's got, you know, all the merch like woman, adult, human, female, which is exactly the definition used by Trump's eo. Like everyone just had a hand in it. You know, you can see, I can see the fingerprints of so many women fighters in this eo, which is going to change women's lives for the better eventually. We'll, I have no doubt we'll get to the children.


He didn't start with that, which is, you know, the, the procedures for the children. But the polls are showing that the American popula, including Democrats, are against puberty blockers for children too. So we're winning, we're winning on all of this. And if we can win with prisoners who, again, with all due respect to Rhonda, are not the most popular crowd, you know, as you say, it's the, it's a smaller crowd and it's not the most popular crowd 'cause they're lawbreakers, then we can definitely eventually win with kids. I'll give you a last word on it, Maddie. Yeah, no, I think that's exactly right. I've been reporting on this since 2018 and it's, it's actually amazing just how far it it's come in terms of public awareness, in terms of, you know, people just having the confidence to say, actually, you know, heck I'm gonna use sex-based language.


I mean I know you had this moment yourself, Megan, where you just thought, you know what? Game's over I played nice. It didn't work out. I'm gonna, I'm just gonna say what I think. And I think that has been so powerful and so many people now are just free and feel free to speak the truth and that in itself just changes a lot of minds. Oh, it's true. Women's liberation. Maddie Kearns a pleasure to see you. I hope you come back on soon. Thanks so much Megan. Alright, all the best and we are back next with ruthless. Don't miss the fellas. See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda And no fear


Increased tariffs on our trade partners. Tax cuts and regulation changes. There's a reason why gold is a diversification tactic now more than ever, Birch Gold is releasing their ultimate guide for gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. To get your free copy along with Birch Gold's free information kit on gold Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. Here are the facts. The national debt continues to increase our interest payments on the national debt continue to increase. So gold is an important option and it can be your hedge against a weakened dollar. Birch Gold can convert an existing IRA or 401k into a tax sheltered IRA in gold Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold. In the Trump era, there's no obligation, just information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau. Countless five star reviews and thousands of happy customers find out more about Birch Gold. There is a reason so many people love these guys and take all or just a small part of their existing IRAs and move them over into gold with Birch Text. MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


Hi, I am dove quince. One way to help manage type two diabetes is to regularly exercise. My exercise program can help get you into a routine that works for you. Keep in mind managing blood sugar also takes the right diet. Hi, I'm celebrity Chef Franklin Becker. Ever since I was diagnosed with type two diabetes, I've adapted my cooking style without sacrificing flavor. If you wanna learn more tips about diet And exercise, visit My type two transformation.com.


Norwegian cruise line invites you to experience more in the Caribbean, Alaska, Europe, and beyond. For a limited time, get 50% off all cruises and enjoy NCLs all new more at Sea Cruising package, including unlimited open bar specialty dining and more. Visit ncl.com. Call your travel advisor or one eight eight eight NCL cruise offer ends soon. Norwegian cruise line shifts registry. The Bahamas and USA restrictions apply.