
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, March 4th, 2025, and this is your AM update. The American people's patience is not unlimited. Their wallets are not unlimited, and our stockpiles and munitions are not unlimited. National Security advisor, Mike Walls with a stark warning to Ukrainian President Velo Mayor Zelensky as President Trump pauses all Ukraine funding until they commit to peace. It's 25% on Canada and 25% on Mexico, and that'll start. So they're gonna have to have a tar President. Trump gets tough with Mexico and Canada imposing tariffs as Mexico gets a warning from the Secretary of Defense.


Crack down on your cartels or the US military will do it for you. A look ahead at President Trump's joint address to Congress tonight. Who will be there and who won't? And the protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act finally goes to the Senate floor. How did the Democrats vote? All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM update.


More and more we are seeing people in their seventies looking amazing, right? And it's a reminder that now is the time to take better care of ourselves, of our health, and that includes working out and lifting weights. This is why I wanna tell you about Jacked Up Fitness. Jacked Up Fitness is the leading provider of premium all in one home gyms. Their Power Rack Pro unit is a top of the line functional trainer. That is everything you need to get a full body workout right in your own home. Their Power Rack Pro package even comes with a full set of their signature branded rubber weight plates and a fully adjustable incline decline bench. And if you are new to weight training, don't worry, they have full body video workouts that you can literally just press play on and follow along with. To get started order your own Power Rack pro@getjackedup.com. Use the promo code MK checkout that will save 10% on your entire purchase. No more excuses, it's time to take charge of your health. Go to get jacked up.com and get started on your fitness journey today.


Western leaders appeal to the US for backing on a peace deal as Ukrainian President Olo Mayor Zelensky. Latest comments further alienate President Trump. Late Sunday evening, president Zelensky telling reporters before departing London, quote, an agreement to end the war is still very, very far away and no one has started all these steps yet. The first step to ending the war was supposed to come in the form of an economic agreement signed by the US and Ukraine. That deal blew up last Friday when a friendly pre-sign sit down turned into a clash between Mr. Zelensky and Mr. Trump, as well as Vice President JD Vance. President Trump posting on truth social quote.


This is the worst statement that could have been made by Zelensky and America will not put up with it for much longer. A harbinger of what was to come later in the day, late Monday, the president announcing a pause to military aid for Ukraine. Bloomberg citing a senior defense department official in reporting this pause will remain in effect until Ukrainian leaders demonstrate a good faith commitment to peace. Mr. Trump says Mr. Zelensky does not want peace not as long as he has America's backing. Mr. Trump also noting European leaders told Zelensky peace cannot be achieved without us support Russian President Vladimir Putin has yet to publicly comment on the fallout from the Oval Office.


Meeting several Russian officials expressing enthusiasm for the deterioration in relations. A Kremlin spokesperson saying the rapidly changing foreign policy messaging of the Trump administration largely aligns with our vision. Democrats remain highly critical of the White House. The president of the United States is a coward Who is Vladimir Putin's puppet. It was so embarrassing to me as an American, I just wanna say that publicly, this is not the way our leaders have ever behaved. This was a setup for the cameras. It was a play to his base, but above all, it was a plate of Vladimir Putin.


Despite Democrat criticism and Kremlin celebrations, UK Prime Minister Kiir Starmer acting as the intermediary in the hopes of restoring us Ukrainian relations. Telling the House of Commons on Monday. President Trump is serious about making peace. We must strengthen our relationship with America this week has shown with total clarity that the US is vital in securing the peace we all want to see in Ukraine. So I welcome the opportunity for a new economic deal with the us confirmed by the President last week. I also welcome the President's continued commitment to that piece, which nobody in this house should doubt.


For a second is sincere In the lead up to President Trump's pause on funding. Late last night, national security advisor, Mike Walls on Fox News warned the Ukrainians, USAID is not unconditional Success. Looks like President Zelensky sitting down and talking the terms of peace, talking about what he needs to see. Ukraine needs to see to get to a partial, partial ceasefire, a permanent ceasefire and an end to this war. But here's the problem, time is not on his side. Time is not on the side of just forever continuing this conflict. The American people's patience is not unlimited.


Their wallets are not unlimited and our stockpiles and munitions are not unlimited that we need for all kinds of contingencies around the world. Yesterday afternoon, president Trump was asked if the minerals deal could be revived. Well, I'll let You know we're making a speech. You probably heard about it tomorrow night, so I'll let You know tomorrow night, but no, I don't think so. I think I wanna see it end fast. I don't want to see this go on. For years and years now, president Zelinsky supposedly made a statement today in ap. I'm not a big fan of ap, so maybe it was an incorrect statement, but he said he thinks the war's gonna go on for a long time and he better not be right about that.


The president mentioning his team was working on next steps, describing a fluid situation. Mr. Trump told reporters he wants the killing to stop citing his intelligence briefings showing thousands of young men, Ukrainian and Russian are being killed each week. President Trump says he wants to see the war ended on a humanitarian basis. 25% tariffs on Mexico and Canada going into effect as of midnight last night, the tariffs originally paused one month ago to allow the neighboring countries time to take action, reducing the flow of drugs, especially Fentanyl into the US. President Trump announced yesterday from the Roosevelt room, he wants to see more from Mexico and Canada in economic terms as well.


Tomorrow tariffs 25% on Canada and 25% on Mexico and that'll start. So they're gonna have to have a tariff. So what they have to do is build their car plans frankly and other things in the United States, in which case they have no tariffs. I mean it's, it's gonna be very costly for people to take advantage of this country. They can't come in and steal our money and steal our jobs and take our factories and take our businesses and expect not to be punished and they're being punished by tariffs. The legal basis for the tariffs is a national emergency relating to drugs flowing into the US illegal border crossings are down approximately 94% since last year.


According to Border Patrol Chief Mike Banks last week, president Trump telling reporters that was largely due to US actions. One week ago, authorities in San Diego arrested an individual in possession of 720,000 Fentanyl pills. That same day, customs and border protection seized more than $872,000 worth of cocaine from a vehicle entering the country near Laredo, Texas. In an effort to comply with President Trump's demands, the Mexican government extradited 29 drug bosses to United States prisons for trial last week, including Rafael Carro Quintero, who is wanted for killing a DEA agent.


In 1985, the New York Times reporting on the effect of the crackdown on cartel members writing. Quote, one cartel leader says he's trying to figure out how to protect his family in case the American military strikes inside Mexico. Another saying he's already gone into hiding, rarely leaving his home. The New York Times reporting several cartel operatives said for the first time in years they genuinely feared arrest or death at the hands of authorities. US officials still not yet satisfied. The Wall Street Journal reporting Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth warned Mexican officials if they quote did not deal with the collusion between their country's government and drug cartels, the US military was prepared to take unilateral action.


Mr. Hegseth telling Fox News, nothing is off the table. My message has been from the beginning, we're taking nothing off the table, nothing. We will do whatever it takes to secure the American homeland to maintain our sovereignty and protect the American people. Does that mean you're ruling out potential strikes inside of Mexico on Fentanyl labs that we, we know they exist and we know where they exist? No, I don't think I ruled anything out. All anything's on the table. The commander in chief, ultimately with my consultation and with the chairman and others will make those determinations, but nothing's off the table. Our sovereignty will be defended. President Trump announcing a massive investment into the United States yesterday.


Today Taiwan Semiconductor is announcing that they'll be investing at least $100 billion in new capital in the United States. You're probably talking about 20, 25,000 jobs and we thought it was very important obviously business wise, but we thought even in terms of national security to have this large percentage of the chips, semiconductors and other things that they make the most important product and not a product that you can really copy. Semiconductors are computer chips that power virtually everything in modern technology. Cell phones, solar panels, medical equipment, air fryers, electric toothbrushes, practically anything you can imagine.


The majority of the world's semiconductors are manufactured in Taiwan, especially the most advanced chips. If China were to invade the tiny island nation and ambition its leaders have openly expressed the global supply chain would fall into crisis. Taiwan semiconductors moving some operations to the US is seen as a critical step to shoring up US defense capabilities Coming up, president Trump's big speech to Congress and the drama surrounding it and the protection of women and girls in Sports Act finally got a vote. Did any Democrats step up to support it all that and more in just a


moment? You don't go out and buy a life jacket when the vote is sinking and you don't buy gold when the economy has already collapsed. Clearly others are heating this advice as gold hit all time highs already this year. It's not too late for you too, and you could have Birch Gold help you diversify into physical gold. Birch Gold specializes in helping you convert an existing IRA or 401k in whole or in part into a tax sheltered IRA in physical gold and for no money out of pocket. One recent five star review said Birch Gold was knowledgeable, helpful, non-pressure. Get your free info kit on gold by texting the letters MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. There is no obligation, just useful information with an a plus rating from the Better Business Bureau and countless five star reviews. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and let the experts at Birch Gold help you secure your future today with gold


President Trump said to deliver a joint address to Congress tonight, the first such speech in a new administration referred to as a joint address, not an official State of the Union address because typically new presidents haven't had enough time to shape policy. Not quite the story of the second Trump administration. President Trump has signed 81 executive orders over the last six weeks. Not to mention the Lake and Riley Act far outpacing any other modern administration. President Trump posting to truth social early yesterday morning. Tomorrow night will be big. I will tell it like it is after his remarks from the Roosevelt room yesterday on Ukraine, there is speculation on whether President Trump will announce a minerals deal.


Doge findings will likely get a lot of play. Immigration tariffs. The budget deadline is a week and a half away too, and Congress is now weighing a continuing resolution to buy more time to negotiate the budget. President Trump is likely to call on Congress to work together to pass his tax promises for the American people. Like no taxes on tips, no taxes on social security, and none on overtime. Some Democrats plan to boycott the speech. Here is Democratic Senator from Connecticut, Chris Murphy on CNN. I think every Democrat needs to make up their own mind. I I think that State of the Union speech is gonna be a farce. I think it's gonna be a maga pep rally, not a serious talk to the nation.


Virginia Congressman Don Byer also says he will skip the event telling political quote, the notion of half my colleagues rising and standing an enormous clapping for things that I think are terrible for the American people. Every couple of minutes will not be funny. Axios reporting nearly a dozen House and Senate Democrats say they are leaning toward not attending or remain undecided, including Senators Bernie Sanders and Elizabeth Warren. Democratic leadership encouraging all members to attend, suggesting they bring guests who have been hurt by the Trump administration like fired federal workers. Speaker Mike Johnson, a Republican inviting border czar Tom Holman as his guest, as well as Noah Arga, a former hostage of Hamas Speaker Johnson.


Also inviting Olivia Hayes, a widow whose husband was killed by an illegal immigrant in a drunk driving incident. The President's remarks set to begin at nine Eastern last night. Senate majority Leader Thune brought the protection of women and girls act to the floor for a procedural vote. This was the vote that would decide if the Senate will have a substantive vote later on. The actual bill. This procedural vote for cloture requires 60 votes to pass, meaning seven Democrats would've had to join with Republicans to advance the bill to a real vote. The cloture vote came out to 51 45 every single Democrat and both so-called Independents, senators Bernie Sanders and Angus King voting against the bill, refusing to even allow a real vote on it.


Shame on them in the house. The bill passed by a slim margin. 218 to 206, just two Democrats breaking from their party to pass the measure. Congressman Henry Cuellar of Laredo, Texas and Congressman Vicente Gonzalez of Macallan, Texas, the now defeated bill specified for athletic purposes. Sex is solely determined by an athlete's biology at birth, something favored by 80% of the American people. It also would have amended Title IX to bar federal funding to any educational institution allowing biological males to participate in female sports. The legislation would've codified President Trump's executive orders on this subject into law.


Without this legislation, president Trump's executive orders protecting girl sports can be overturned with ease by a future administration. The release of the Oscars ratings delayed. The New York Times anticipating lower viewership. Considering the top nominated movies were barely seen by anyone. In fact, eight of the 10 best picture nominees combined earned less than half of what Wicked and Dune two also nominated made at the box office. The big winner of the night. A Nora with five wins was produced on a $6 million budget grossing just 15 million domestically.


A Nora is about a young call girl who meets the son of a Russian oligarch and quickly marries him. Sean Baker, writer, producer, director, and editor of the film, one for best director. A taste here of his remarks, I want to thank the sex worker community. They have, they have shared their stories. They have shared their life experience with me over the years. My deepest respect, thank you. I share this with you. Those who watch the red carpet may have caught this land acknowledgement performed by Julianne Huff, a former wearer of blackface Halloween costumes, but now woke as they come. We gather in celebration of the Oscars on the ancestral lands of the Toba T and Chumash pupils, the traditional caretakers of this water and land.


We honor and pay our respects to indigenous communities here and around the world. Marine veteran and producer Rick Swift writing on X. Will she be giving up her home? That'll do it. For your AM update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at New East on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.


It is game time and if you've got a hunch about this NBA season, you could turn it into a big win on FanDuel because right now new customers can bet $5 or get 150 in bonus bets if you win. Ooh, that guy's hotter than a microwave burrito. Now that's Red Hot Hunch 21 plus and present in Virginia must be first online Real Money Wager $5 deposit required bonus issued is non Withable bonus vest that expires seven days after receipt restriction supply. See full terms at fanduel.com/sportsbook. Gambling problem? Call 1-800-GAMBLER.