
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. It's our 1000 episode today, which is a hard word to say. 1000th episode today. Thanks to all of you. We made it here. I, I've just found out, here's Doug Brunt. My husband is with me and brought over some champagne. This is all news to me because I came over to do the show and did not know that Doug Brunt was going to be here or that anything was. Do you have something you wanna break here, honey?


About our 1000 episode? Well, It is hard. I'm was gonna say happy 1000. It's much easier to, to say it that way's better little champagne to celebrate. That's awesome. This is the Doug Brunt way, You know, and you listen to his podcast, which is dedicated with Doug Brunt, where he interviews all the top authors of the world. He mixes a cocktail. Now, he doesn't have to mix this because it's in a champagne bottle. What kind of, what kind of champagne is that? This is the Louis Rotor. This is the, the same maker of Kristol. This is not Kristal. Oh, That's fine. We'll, we'll have that on 2000. Yeah. On our 2000. Well, we had a little celebration this morning. The kids were all fired up for you. They did. Oh my gosh. I came down the stairs tonight. Yay. Into the mic. And they had gotten, we'll put it on the board.


All these balloons that read 1000, 1 0, 0 0 in pink. Huge, huge balloons. I'm, I'm gonna tell you the truth. I forgot that today was our 1000 episode. Abby and I did not. We've been planning, Is that how you remind? Oh, yeah. There's the picture. You can see Thatcher's legs behind that, that one piece of it. But what a nice thing to wake up to Doug are Cheers. Cheers, honey. Happy 1000. Hey, thank You. And thanks to all of you, my team and our audience for making this happen. Hold on. I get a drinker. It's bad luck. It's amazing to think back to more than four years ago, the little room. No video. It was audio only.


Now, I Didn't know that we were gonna do this, otherwise I would've shot the team. Some elements, maybe we'll drop 'em in later. But you remember when we launched this podcast, we were in New York and we were in the kids' playroom. Yep. In a little corner with literally a, a desk. Abby got off of either Wayfair or from Ikea. It was like a hundred dollars. I think she assembled it. I mean, if there was no video, but if a camera happened to pan, You know, four feet to the right, it would've been a magnet. Tiles, tower, and blocks and stuffed animals. Abby was on a beanbag. Yeah. Next to the desk. There were four of us. That was it. There was, there were just four of us, and we hoped it would work out. But yeah, who knew? It Was like, I, I knew I had, you have so many gifts that are suited for this, that any one of them is rare to find.


But to see them all in one person is amazing. And so I had no, no doubt you were gonna be amazing. You're Very sweet. I would love to take all the credit, but the truth is, my team is totally, they're not underrated. 'cause no one's underrated them, but they're just not, they don't receive enough affection and love. That's one negative of the way things are set up. Right? Like, you guys know me, you see me, you hear me, but it, you, you need to know the team. Like nobody ever comes up to them in a restaurant and says, oh my God, I love the show so much. It's really made a difference in my life. And they're fine. They're private people. They, they, they probably wouldn't love that anyway. But I, I do just wanna say like the work of my producers, my booker, our tech staff, is really what makes the show sing.


And I can be a total pain in the ass behind the scenes, like when things go wrong. I'm not an easy task master. You know, I really have a very high bar for quality on the show because I want you guys to experience that. So my team handles that. They handle those moments, and we've all been together for a year. I mean, that's why everybody stays. It's incredible. Some, some have been with you way more than a decade. You're all running in the same direction. Everyone on the team is tough and hardworking and believes in what you're doing. It believes in the show. Canadian, Debbie and I have been together since 2007, since I started my very first show. It's amazing. At Fox News. And then Abby came in 2009 and bit by mi by by bit. We've been accumulating staff that, to which I am extremely loyal.


And I think they're loyal to us too, because they, they believe in the mission. It's like, look, there's so many shows you can go to where it's, You know, it's kind of like hack partisan kisses, right? Like sweet nothings. But I think the audience of this show genuinely wants facts. They want opinion too. But they, they want, they don't wanna be misled. What Was the feedback you got from that one viewer? It was Relentlessly factual. Relentlessly factual. I love, it's, it's sort of my unofficial tagline now on the show. That's great. But anyway, but it also requires a, a supportive family that doesn't mind when at the last second, you gotta jet off someplace and cover something big. And You know, you, God knows how many triple drops you've done with the kids because Yeah. You know, I'm off someplace. Well, you, You paid it back this week with a triple drop taking care of the kids as I was outta here.


But you, you've provided so many opportunities for the kids too. They're getting an a richness of education through experience of getting out and seeing so much in this political season, which has been amazing. It's Been so cool. I have to say, one great thing that's come from it, we don't push our politics on our kids. We talk about politics all the time in our house, but they, we've told them many times they can, they can be whatever they wanna be, You know, we certainly hope they don't turn into far left Libs, but we'll love them if they do. And our eldest is just kicking around the, they, they just formed a, a conservator or a republican club at his high school. So it's like, it's good. He's had exposure to all these events. Yeah. He's coming around naturally to what we think are sane political views, at least in 2025 America.


Yeah. Now listen, I'm just a short timer here this morning. I'm, or this afternoon, I'm here for the champagne. But we also, if the, if the crew is ready for it, I know there's a video that some friends of the show would like to say congratulations as well. Who's in charge here? Megan Kelly, 1000 episodes. Well, I would say that I didn't think that you'd get this far, but of course I knew that you would. Congratulations to you. Congratulations to your audience. We got to hear you every day. It is awesome. It's amazing to see the path that you've carved out for yourself. Truly. Congratulations, Megan. Congratulations on a thousand shows. A thousand shows. That is amazing. So much hard work went into it. It's not surprising at all because you're incredible at what you do.


I hope You know, though, that all of that hard work is an incredible success and also an incredible success for the media. Because now what you've done is shown, there's incredible massive demand and a huge appetite for journalists who prioritize the truth and honesty above everything else. Congratulations. Amazing. Oh, Marcia Clark. And here's to 10,000 more. Okay. 1000 shows. That's so impressive. Almost as impressive as the woman herself. The legend. None other than Meghan. Happy 1000. Congratulations on your 1000th episode.


It seems like only yesterday you had 999 episodes. I am looking forward to 1000 more, 10,000 more because you don't age. So you'll probably be going until you have a million episodes. Congratulations on show 1000, Megan. Oh, sweet. And thank you for having this Democrat on your show. It's part of the secret of your success is that you're not afraid to debate. You embrace it and you're so darn good at it. I mean, at this point, after a thousand shows, you must be so tired of winning. Well, here's the next thousand To my friend, the great Megan Kelly, who I knew was Megan Artie, Ken Kendall, and me, Kelly and Kelly's court and all of this stuff. A thousand episodes. Wow. And you accomplished all of that at the age of 30.


Congratulations, Megan Kelly. Were also amazing. Proud of you. I didn't put a little tinkle of orange juice in there, but You know, here's to You. Good job art. Cheers. One, cheers. Oh, and Mark, of course, they're back to back. I'm so happy for you. You know, the Simpsons hasn't even gotten there yet. And Mr. Rogers neighborhood, holy 8 95, I think he's just making stuff up, doesn. So what I'm saying, let's go with it. You're better than Fred Rogers. Hey, Megan. It's the first ever guest on the Megan Kelly show, and therefore the unofficial godfather of the program. I want to congratulate you and your team, not only on 1000 episodes, but also on the great success that your show has had, which is very well deserved.


Megan, Marie Kelly, The fellas, 1000 episodes, unbelievable. Who'd have guess that an attractive, smart, incredibly congenial, extremely nice person could make it this far. And thank you so much because we wouldn't be here without you. You've not only used your own platform for your successes, you've raised all other boats. On the conservative side, you're the best. And, and to return the favor, I want it noted that I was the one that nominated you for our man year. Yeah, right on. You're the best. Megan, you set an example for all of us and we just could not thank you enough and congratulations. Oh man, that's incredible.


So many of our favorites. There is one more thing. I'll let you see it before the audience. There's one more thing from your brilliant Ep, Steve Krakauer. Oh, a painting that captures a recent moment in history. No, he didn't. Oh, let me put this out here. Can You guys see this all? See for the listening audience, it is a painting of the Lauren Sanchez boobs at the inauguration, swearing in and Mark Zuckerberg. All eyes are cast downward. Well, like a dead president By Travis Chapman. Travis. Thank you, Steve. How did You know? I mean, it's exactly, this is gonna go in our bedroom and we're, we're gonna think about Lauren. No, we're not.


No, we aren't. It's like one day we get Lauren Sanchez and the next we get Beyonce's, Beyonce, whatever sensor, Bianca, Kanye's wife. And it's kind of like two sides of the same coin in a way. Look at me, look at my boobs. Here's this ought to be fun. So you can see where some of the sense of humor is behind the scenes in the show with that. Yeah, They, they're we're all raunchy news people at heart. I mean, it's not a surprise, but I, I do wanna pick up on something somebody was saying there. 'cause I, Emily, it was Emily Jasinski, like our move over into the podcasting lane did wind up being, I think consequential. So did Tuckers. Hugely, You know, you and I have talked about this pri privately, but having, You know, well-known names from the traditional media come over to digital media, it's not like we were first by far, I mean Ben Joe Rogan, obviously so many others were blazing a path, Dave Rubin.


But we were one of the earliest like big names from media, from the traditional media to come over. And I think it really did that one, two punch of yours truly. And Tucker within a relatively short window. Yeah. Send a message to the whole industry that there was a new game in town. Yeah. That, that people who are freethinking and free speakers were just done being constrained. Yeah. You know, we, we, we weren't gonna go back to that other industry and play by those same rules anymore. And that I really think is why his show and this show have done well. Because people know it. They know when they're being spoonfed AstroTurf messaging or corporate approved messaging or where you just have your wings clipped on every segment.


Well, you guys were top of the mountain. You were the most talented, most e energetic broadcasters out there. And you got to come over here and do it exactly the way you wanna do it, which made it even better. And once people got a chance to sample it, it's just taken off. Well, it's a blessing. We're very lucky to be able to do it. And as I always say, not only am I doing this, I'm doing it in my stretchy pans and my Uggs. That's winning. Love You, babe. Thank you honey. Love you. Thanks For coming over. Congrats. Thank You. I appreciate it. Doug's gotta get outta the studio because it's 76 degrees. It's a hundred degrees in here. Yeah. It's so hot. Not just because I have this, this top on today. I always keep it this hot with Abby's in the tank top.


Usually you Want a champagne topper? I'm good. Thank you. She's not in today 'cause she has a sick baby. But in any event, wow. Alright, so 12 minutes on the 1000th anniversary. Anniversary. And I could not have done any one of them without all of you. God bless you. And thank you for supporting our efforts to bring you the news in a way that we hope you find informational, but entertaining and most of all, on most days, pretty fun. Like an enjoyable way to spend an hour and a half.


Plus the human body is incredible capable of repair and growth that amazes scientists even in 2025. But as the years pass natural healing and building processes, they slow down a bit. While this is normal, there is a way to support your body. A collagen supplement from ancient nutrition can help you look and feel your best. I have to tell you, a lot of people who I really trust love collagen supplements for centuries, people have searched for a mythical fountain of youth. Spoiler alert, it doesn't really exist. However, collagen is a proven way to promote youthful health and appearance. And this is why I wanna tell you about Ancient Nutrition's, multi collagen, advanced lean, ancient nutrition combines ancient wisdom and modern science to create high quality supplements. It is delicious and easy to incorporate into daily routines. You can mix it right into your coffee, matcha your smoothies right now. Enjoy 25% off your first order@ancientnutrition.com slash megan. That's ancient nutrition.com/megan for 25% off. Support your bod and fill your best with ancient nutrition.


Okay, now let's get to the news. Speaking of that, because America may be buying Gaza as it turn turns out, Trump sees a real estate opportunity and it could have some significant consequences. Joining me today, speaking of great friends of the show are our pals from the fifth column. They, along with all those other guests who did that lovely video, are the ones who make the MK show. The MK show, our great, great guests, who by the way, get mentioned to me all the time when people say, I love the show, they'll say, and we love your guests. And that's a credit to guys like this making their 30th appearance on the show since, Wow, is that True? Four and a half years ago. Wow. Can you believe that guys? Nice, happy, happy Birthday m Foster, Michael Moynihan and Matt Welsh of we the fifth.com.


So can you believe that 30 times 30 not I texted, it was a lot. I texted Camille yesterday and said, wait, were we on Meghan's show during Trump 1.0? And he said no, which apparently that's Wrong. It was a very short window. Short window. Yeah. Okay. Maybe. Okay. Yeah. Well, Thank you. I I launched this the end of September, I think of 2020 for sure. I launched this September, 2020. So, You know, we had three, three months of the window. Well, just To to reiterate what your other guest had said, like, the category of media that you are in and thriving in is, it's terrific to watch. And a lot of it is due to two things that I think people consistently underrate is having a sense of humor and, and working your damn ass off, as does everybody who works for you.


And that's work ethic and fun. Turns out people respond to it. So thank you Matt. Congratulations. It's very well deserved. I totally agree with that. I do think that the difference in any job in becoming successful or not tends to be how hard you're willing to work. Go ahead. I just want to add one thing to that is that I'm really jealous of Doug brunt for like a number of reasons. And this is the first time I've like seen him. I've listened to his podcast, he's a great host, and I saw him and then I was like, You know, I'm not, I'm not gay. I've never been gay. I'm like, that guy's like pretty amazing. Yeah. And he's handsome and smart and he's charming, just Fit too. And he's like in good shape and he's so nice to you.


And then I realized I'm really bad at being a partner and a boyfriend. And so I want Doug, I want Doug to know that he inspired me today to try to be slightly better as a person. And it's absolutely excellent opportunity to work. That's excellent. Yeah. Thank you. Doug. Definitely is pretty Dreamy. Thousand shows. I got very Lucky. Thank you, Doug. Yes, I do. Very lucky, Meghan. Look, I, I feel the need now to object on behalf of his younger brother, Ken Brunt, who's about had it with all the Doug compliments. He listens often and he's like, could you tell people to dial it back a little? You know? Yeah. I mean, I I've had enough that, I mean, Ken and I have been talking about getting together and poisoning Doug, but it's, I didn't wanna talk about that on the show, but he's making us look bad. It's some sort of toxin that blends into a rye Manhattan.


It's gonna go down very easily without question. Oh Man. Well, anyways, I do sincerely like guys like you guys like the, the, the cast of ruthless, the, the, the ejs. I, that's what makes me wanna get up in the morning and come to this desk. Right? I love our conversations. I adore hearing your viewpoints. I don't think I could ever do a show where it's just me. Occasionally I'll do one where it's just like, I'm gonna rail on something. That's fine if I feel passionately about, but I love hearing what you guys have to say. I love when we disagree. I love when you three disagree. Like all of that is the special sauce. I think that goes into good shows. And it's not like we never have a miss. Occasionally we'll have a guest who is like, all right, that's a one and done.


But you guys 30 times speaks for itself. Yeah. They're the gold standard. Yes. Thank you. And I suspect we'll probably be disagreeing today. So Oh My god sense. I Sense it like, I don't even know how to feel about this new, I I I'm like, what? We're buying Gaza or we're are we buying it or we're just taking it over and like, yeah, I, I was saying to my team, I'm like, it feels a little like, You know, your, your best friend has pancreatic cancer and you feel really sorry for her, but instead of just feeling sorry for her, you somehow transfer the pancreas to your body. Like now you've got pancreatic, like, I'm not sure I wanted help analogy quite this much.


I'm not sure I wanna help quite this much, but I am open-minded to what Trump is saying. Oh, let's play some sound just so people can hear from the president himself. Hold on. Sought list dropped off by Doug Brunt the brunt bureau here. Okay, here it is in sought two where he's, he's proposing this, by the way, Netanyahu's here, he had a, a meeting with Trump and they had a joint presser last night. And Trump surprised everybody, even his senior staff reportedly did not know this was coming. I'm sure a couple of 'em did, but most of them did not. And there, there had been no like major announcement coming tonight. So everybody was like, what did he just say? And he did say something very significant and he said it repeatedly. It wasn't a mistake. So here's SAT two.


The only reason the Palestinians want to go back to Gaza is they have no alternative. The US will take over, the Gaza strip will own it and be responsible for dismantling all of the dangerous unexploded bombs and other weapons on the site, level the site, and get rid of the destroyed buildings, create an economic development that will supply unlimited numbers of jobs and housing for the people of the area. Do a real job, do something different, just can't go back. If you go back, it's gonna end up the same way it has for a hundred years. I'm hopeful that this ceasefire could be the beginning of a larger and more enduring peace.


So the proposal appears to be that we are going to, all right, and it hasn't been like sketched out exactly, but it, it, it appears to be that we would not, though he gave an answer that was ambiguous, send troops necessarily over there, but that we are going to take over Gaza at least temporarily. We're going to level what's left of the buildings. We're going to excavate the ground to get rid of the some 30,000 bombs that they say are still there planted and awaiting, You know, explosion or were on reserve for Hamas.


That during that time, we are going to strongly encourage Egypt and Jordan to take the Palestinians that they have steadfastly resisted for years, and especially since ten seven. They don't want 'em, they're like, these, this is the troublemaking group and we don't want them moving into Egypt or Jordan. But he says they will take them. Trump actually said, they say they won't take them. I say they will. And that we're then gonna develop Gaza into what Trump says will be like a, a new Riviera, and we're not going to pay for it. We're going to somehow get the Saudis UAE and I don't know who's the, who's the third to pay for it.


And that then there's going to be beautiful buildings where everyone can get, can go and work and, You know, visit like a tourist. But who, who's in charge at that point. Like he doesn't seem to be saying we'll own it forever, though. He might be. Again, it was, it's all very unclear today with me because it was unclear last night with Trump. But so far I'm hearing very positive reaction from Alan Dershowitz, who's been a major advocate for Israel since the start. Ben Shapiro tweeted something out very, very positive. He tweeted out in, in part undoubtedly the most extraordinary unexpected element of Trump's first term was his remaking of the Middle East and the Abraham with the Abraham Accords.


He achieved that Nobel Prize worthy accomplishment by thinking outside the box, recognizing hard realities and ignoring the conventional idiocy of the blob. Here he goes again with Gaza. This vision is absolutely transformative. And then you have Rand Paul with the following, the pursuit for peace should be that of the Israelis and the Palestinians. I thought we voted for America First. We have no business contemplating yet another occupation to doom our treasure and spill our soldier's blood. And the Palestinians don't seem too keen on it out, You know, 18 hours in either. So what do you guys make of it?


I mean, The argument against it is pretty easy and obvious, which is that Americans didn't sign up for another nation building project. When you got, you've got Lindsey Graham saying, I don't know about this one, man. Then You know that you've really gotten to some special kind of place. It's fair point. You can't, you can't own a piece of this land. You can't run a whole chunk of it and guarantee the, the removal of debris without deploying American forces. That's just not going to happen. So if that was to take place, we would have our soldiers there, which means our soldiers will die on Gaza soil. I don't see how you avoid that happening. No one has been able to avoid that happening with whoever's in charge of Gaza in its history.


So it's pretty easy to argue against that. On the Rand Paul terms, the argument for what Trump did is that he's not going to actually do it. That what he's trying to do is kind of a nod to what Ben Shapiro was saying, which is, and he Trump reiterated this yesterday, and he's been saying this since he's been president and President-elect, which is that October 6th, 2023 was intolerable. We need to think differently about that going forward. And the October 6th mindset is that Gaza's Palestinians will run Gaza. If, if that means Hamas is in charge, then I guess that means Hamas is in charge and, and the people who live in palace in the, in the Gaza Strip will sort of periodically wage constant war against Israel.


That's unacceptable going forward, as is the notion that the neighboring countries are not going to lend a hand in helping out what comes next. The sad thing is, is that neither Israel nor the United States, nor people in Gaza and the surrounding area have come up with any plan about what to do with Gaza after this war. Yeah. The ceasefire deal is not a plan of what to do with Gaza after the war. So what Trump is doing, the defense of what Trump is doing is that he's sort of moving the Overton window. He's saying, Hey, look, maybe you should take some refugees. Maybe there is a future that we can imagine in which this marvelous piece of real estate on the Eastern Mediterranean is actually used to build positive things and not just terror tunnels.


That's to the good. The, the problem with it is that you are using an implied threat and what happens when you have to go through with it. And, and it'll be very interesting to see what Saudi Arabia in particular says. I, I think they woke up at four o'clock in the morning Saudi time to say no and right, because Trump, Trump was insisting that Saudi Arabia's gonna be, be basically cool with something like this. And, and, well, here, here, here's what, as part of their normalization, Here's what we have so far in terms of world leader reaction, at least from that region of the world. Hamas, according to the New York Times immediately rejected mass relocation. A senior Hamas official said that it, this is a recipe for creating chaos intention.


What's needed is the end of the occupation and the aggression against our people. Then Egypt, the foreign minister, spoke to the Prime Minister and the foreign minister of the Palestinian Authority about removing debris from Gaza, expediting humanitarian aid and starting recovery programs without the Palestinians leading, leaving. So not going there. Jordan's King, Abdullah II has also strongly opposed the plan saying that peace can only be achieved through a two state solution, not through forced relocation. Okay. There's not gonna be a two state solution. So the fine, we can continue pretending that that's on the table, but it's not. Then there's Turkey. It's even wrong to open that discussion. To open that to discussion, says the foreign minister turkey's against any initiative that would exclude the Gaan people and the Saudis, the foreign minister said in a quote, sharply worded reaction that it is backing an independent pal Palestinian state.


And that backing is a firm steadfast and unwavering position. So, I mean, no one's talking about a Palestinian state in this Trump plan. It's like they're gonna disperse to Egypt and Jordan, the ones who have not wanted them all along. I mean, I gotta be honest though, you guys, I don't, how are they living in, in Palestine right now? How, how's anybody living in Gaza? It's it's rubble through, so Like, it's through enormous Yeah. Amounts of international aid. I mean, the, the thing about this is, it is crazy in about a thousand ways. I mean, Donald Trump exerting pressure on the Canadians and the Mexicans to say, this is what we do. You need us, so therefore we'll turn the screws and you'll do what we want.


The same thing cannot apply to the Middle East. I mean the, like the Abraham Accords, which Ben Shapiro said was a great achievement. I agree with him. But those fall apart the second the Trump administration says we are going to against international law, by the way, and against the Geneva conventions, which prohibits, You know, large scale moving, forcibly moving populations out of their territory. I mean, it's a crazy thing to do, but You know, Matt says, You know, it, it would require American troops, troops in in some way. There's not gonna be any un troops. No one is going to agree to this, but if the American troops have to be there, they will probably be killed on the ground. Some of 'em anyway. That's true. It's also true that they'll be killed other places.


Hmm. I mean, remember that Osama bin Laden's big complaint was American soldiers in Saudi Arabia where he was from the holy land there. They don't tell me that they think the dome of the rock and, and, and Palestinian Territories are any less holy. They're always mentioned. Also, keep in mind that you have arrested population in the West Bank, which is right there cheek to jowl with Israel and has an enormous amount of support for Hamas these days. Palestinian authority run. But the PA has been terrible. They don't, they're corrupt. They're, You know, there's a million things to say about them. The Egyptians and the Jordanians. Look, I mean, you can't negotiate in the sense is that the Egyptians have a peace deal that was made with Israel in the 1970s.


I mean, that's been a very, very important thing for some semblance of stability in the Middle East. The Jordanians, I mean, you think about the terrorists that killed Israeli athletes at the 1972 Olympics. The name of that terror group is black September. Black September was an event in Jordan, in which the Hashemite Kingdom of Jordan attacked the Palestinian refugee. They, they were fighting the, the Palestinians attacked them and the Jordanians attacked back. I mean, the Egyptians had a problem with Muslim brotherhood getting into government. They, that's why they don't allow Palestinians to come through that southern border at Rafa Gate. Nobody is going to agree with this. And it's Just, they don't want them. It's They don't want them. You can't make them. Well, we're gonna make a deal.


No, no, no. They have, You know, 40, 50 years of doing this in very particular reasons of their own stability. The geo, the Jordanian monarchy for instance, or the Egyptian government for what some deal with Donald Trump, they're gonna potentially destabilize their own governments not in a million years. And also, you just can't, you can't kick people off their land. I agree with the, with the premise. Well, and so far as Gaza ex exists, I mean, it still exists. It, they've already been kicked out. It's like Israel did that. Gaza is destroyed. Like that's, that is done. I don't think, now if we go beyond Gaza, if we're talking about all of Palestine and the West Bank, yeah, you gotta kick people out. But Gaza's done, he is like, unless somebody goes in there and rebuilds it, there is no long term sustaining of that area for these Palestinians.


So they're gonna have to go somewhere or do something. And he's basically saying, we're not gonna fund the rebuilding while you're sitting there. Like, get out, we'll level it, we'll clean it up, but for a price, like we're gonna need to rebuild it. And we, we may have some stake in, in it on an ongoing basis. Again, that piece of it is unclear. I Mean, is that America's Responsibility? I to say that he's moving them out is not true. 'cause I think really Israel did that. I mean, they're all still within the kind of contiguous borders of Gaza because as we have both pointed out, nobody is willing to take them. I mean, when we were rebuilding Berlin and Tokyo, the Germans and the Japanese stayed put, I mean obviously I am somebody who is after world, After World War I, we did get rid of a, a bunch of Germans from the, what is it, SUD Dayton land.


They, they, they got kicked out and We were to out, which kind of created World War War two. So that's, it's a problem because the Sud Dayton, Germans, when they were pushed out, created the crisis in 1938 where the Germans took back part of Czechoslovakia and then all of Czechoslovakia. So, I mean, you create these long-term problems when you're moving populations against their will. But I mean, the thing is, is that I do agree, You know, with someone like Ben Shapiro, I mean, I've always been criticized for being hawkish on this issue is that October 6th and, and a in October 9th, they're no, are no longer sustainable in what you can tell from what Donald Trump said, and keeping in mind, he's done so much stuff over the years off the cuff, that has then become policy note in this that he was reading off notes.


He was reading. Yep. This was actually something that was not just, he just had an idea. This was written down and he was presenting this and this was a, a, a plan, You know, with malice of forethought that some people would think. Right. But I mean, he has an an idea here. And the one idea that you can say that is that everyone understands, but this is a two state solution is finally fully dead. And that is coming. Yeah, that's a joke to the president of the United States. Although we don't know how, how long. I think it's Interesting. It's, it's bold. You have to give him points for a bold plan that both Ben and Alan Dershowitz, like two of our most prominent Jewish Americans said, I never even envisioned something like this. And Alan Ditz is going off like I, for, for 40 plus years, 50 years I've been at the forefront of dealing with every single Israeli leader and American president in trying to forge a better situation for Israel.


Never even crossed my mind that this would be a potential possibility. And sound excited, sounded excited about the fact that this very outside the box thinker, president Trump threw something new and in the mix that everybody in the world was like, huh, what? But, and that like, I think it needs some time to be digested, to be kicked around, to be criticized. That's all fair too. But not to be knee jerk dismissed. Because the one thing we know, Camille, is that nothing has worked so far. Yeah, I mean, I mean I think you, as you said when you were laying this out, so many of the details are amorphous. We don't actually know what any of this means. He's insisting that we're going to take it over, we'll own it and folks won't be able to come back. But we're also not going to have our military there.


I don't know how those two things work together. This is kind of par for the course with Trump in some respects, in that this is his truthful hyperbole strategy being deployed again, just like Greenland, just like Mexico, the Mexico Canada tariffs very recently where you say something bold and audacious, you promise some horrible consequence of folks don't comply with what you want. But as with the Mexico, Canada situation, he never actually laid out any sort of success criteria. So what he ended up settling for so far, as I can tell, doesn't actually seem to be particularly consequential. I don't of now don't think you can use the same strategy. He, he took what he got as an exchange for a 30 day extension on his terrace.


So I think Trump would say, yeah, and we, we'll see what materialize is. There's not done, like those are the first initial concessions and within 30 days we should, we should be negotiating on all the things I really want. So we'll see. But there's, there's probably not an easy out like that in this circumstance. Now that you've laid this out and made all of these kind of grand proclamations and insisted that folks are going to do things that they've said they would not do for a very, very, very long time. You, you kind of have to like put up at some point. And I'm just not sure there's any, there, there. Moynihan you mentioned that he was reading for a piece of paper and I noticed that too, but it's not clear when that piece of paper was authored. It could have been Moments before.


I think God, right. I'm, I'm glad to see Trump reading on something as big as this. Like Yes, that's good. Jared, I don't, Jared Kushner has been talking about this for, for many, many months. Correct. Variations of this. And Trump, in his extended remarks, if you go and read the transcript, he's talking at some level of detail and talking about having thought about this for a while, my prediction of this and it's always a, a, a fool's game. But I'll nonetheless Wade in just to try to make us have a sense of maybe where this is going. And also there's some State department spokesman comments to this effect. That this is an attempt to pressure Saudi Arabia, Gulf States, Egypt and Jordan, to the extent that they can participate into being an active participant in a non Hamas governing structure in Gaza.


Someone needs to make sure that Gaza is governed and secured in such a way to make real reconstruction possible. A real building, a positive building of Society. So what you're saying, Matt, Matt, well what you're saying is it's like when we're at the dinner table and I can't get my three kids to agree on who's gonna do the cleanup and I in an exasperation just say, fine, I'll do it. And my kids being sweet kids know that I worked all day and that I then if I cooked a meal, I'm especially bitter And sore. They had to eat it. No, no, no, we exactly right. We got It, we got it. And they know it's not gonna get better if I then have to do the cleanup of the meal. And then at that point they're all like, alright, we'll do it.


We'll work it out. We'll work it out. The three of us will do it together or one of us will do it. What you're saying is that Trump is the me in that situation being like, fine, nobody else is gonna solve it. It I'll solve it hoping that the three other people at the table stand up to say, You know what, we'll handle it. Well your kids are sweet though. That's the thing. I'm not sure we're dealing with sweet kids here. And I'm also not sure I, and I don't know what Trump's leverage and maybe Moynihan has some insight that I, that currently I lack, but I don't know what Trump's whip hand is to sort of make these people do what he wants. America already gives a ton of foreign aid to Egypt and Jordan and Israel of course and military sales to Saudi Arabia don't give direct aid as far as I'm aware.


But, so, but what is the, the whip hand to sort of make people do this? Is it just like, oh no, I might act crazy and Or is it, is it an ownership interest in the, the Gaza Riviera because that seemed, Trump is saying we're not going to pay for this. That that is said. It's more Gaza, Megan, we should call it by Gazi, the Gazi Gaza. He could be a little, I'd be a little scared to stay in a hotel in the Gazi era. Yeah, I don't know. Maybe it'll be different in 30 years. Gonna happen Anytime soon. Here's, lemme give you a little Trump sound. 'cause he, he filled in a few of these blanks. I mean, again, we're still unclear and he was still ambiguous, but you should hear directly from the president on first the question of us troops five, Mr.


President, given what you've said about Gaza to the US send troops to help secure the security vacuum As far as Gaza is concerned. We'll do what is necessary. If it's necessary, we'll do that. We'll gonna take over that piece and we're gonna develop it, create thousands and thousands of jobs and it'll be something that the entire Middle East can be very proud of. Then Politico following up, spoke to an unnamed Trump official who they report did not accept the premise that Trump's plan would require American troops in Gaza expect plenty more pushback on that assumption from the White House today, this official argued that it's in the interest of other Arab players like Saudi Arabia to find a solution to the conflict.


And that Trump throwing his ideas out there might inspire others to counter as the man himself says, we'll see. So that's kind of my dinner party, You know, possibility. The dinner party. There's Yeah, Yeah, go ahead. There's one negative possibility here is that, You know, if, if you're negotiating in that way, well, we're gonna go in there, we're gonna do it, and you're not gonna like that. So therefore you're gonna go in and clean it up yourself. You we're gonna force you into doing the thing that you're reluctant to do. You know, the flip side of that is also true. I mean, keep in mind that there are people in all of these governments across the Arab world who would love to see America do that. I mean, look what happened in the Iraq war. They absolutely, I mean, do do you think any of these governments give a shit about the Palestinians?


If they gave a shit about the Palestinians, they would be allowing enormous amounts of refugees. They care about destroying Israel. True. And they've been sacrificing the Palestinians on that behalf for a very, very long time. If you can bring American troops in there and actually cause even more chaos for the great Satan, the Iranians would love that. I mean, it's kind of what America does by, by funding the Ukrainians. It's like, keep Putin bogged down and kill a bunch of his soldiers in Ukraine, right? In the borderlands of Ukraine. Like, we don't have to fight that war. They'll do it for us. Okay. There's a, a fair, i i take all part of that. That makes Me think I could be doing that. Yeah, yeah. I take it all. But what if, let's just go with the what if for a moment here, Trump is a builder.


Like this actually is an area like cleaning out a, a wasteland, You know, a a construction site removing destroyed buildings and putting up enormous, lovely new ones that is something he actually has some expertise in. And what if he actually could with the, with money from the Saudis and the Jordanians and the Egyptians and the UAE and maybe some American money build, what he says could be there, here is. So three, We have an opportunity to do something that could be phenomenal. And I don't want to be cute, I don't want to be a wise guy, but the Riviera of the Middle East, this could be something that could be so bad, this could be so magnificent.


Standby. Let me play one follow up where he was asked if this is this, are we going there permanently? Like we're, we're never leaving Gaza now, and here's what he said, it's not six. You are talking tonight about the United States taking over a sovereign territory. What authority would allow you to do that? Are you talking about a permanent occupation there? I do see a long-term ownership position and I see it bringing great stability to that part of the Middle East and maybe the entire Middle East. This was not a decision made lightly. Everybody I've spoken to loves the idea of the United States owning that piece of land, developing and creating thousands of jobs with something that will be magnificent in a really magnificent area that nobody would know.


Nobody can look because all they see is death and destruction. Sorry, one more. You guys keep those in mind, right? So there's Trump saying could be like the Riviera, the Riviera of the Middle East, then saying, I do see a long-term ownership position ownership for the United States. And then here is the Jared Kushner sound in, in part that you guys just referred to his son-in-law And goss's waterfront property. It could be very valuable to, if people would focus on kind of building up, You know, livelihoods, you think about all the money that's gone into this tunnel network and into all the munitions. If that would've gone into education or innovation, what could have been done. And so I think that it's a little bit of an unfortunate situation there, but I think from Israel's perspective, I would do my best to move the people out and then clean it up.


How about that? That was exactly 12 months ago. I I see a lot. I mean, I don't even know where to begin here. I see a lot. I mean, first of all, we're seeing NeoCon dawn, which I was not expecting at this point. Neo dawn, You know, NeoCon Dawn is making a lot of people, I'm sure Tucker Carlson is having heart palpitations up in the woods of Maine right now. I'm very interested to see how he reacts. I agree with you. I'm very interested to see how Tucker reacts keep, I'm like, is he tweeting about this? Is he, I guess he's gonna have a show and talk about it, but that doesn't, he doesn't Usually tweet. He he'll do something on the show. Yeah, go ahead. But I I I'm interested to see how he deals on the show because I mean, keep in mind that Lebanon was long considered the, the Middle Eastern Riviera Riviera and, and Beirut was the Paris of the Middle East and completely destroyed by, You know, sectarian fighting in this kind of sense that, You know, Donald Trump made a big deal.


And I kind of defended him in one way. He said in 2002, when asked by Howard Stern if he supported the Iraq war, he said something like, I guess so. And then he turned on it pretty quickly and he said it was like the biggest foreign policy mistake in American history. I don't know how he thinks, You know, if we're going to own this property and stay there for a long time, that this is going to be peaceful, this is going to be without the Iranians, You know, the, the Jihadists that blew up American troops in Iraq were almost exclusively funded by the Iranians IEDs blowing people's legs off. I mean, you don't think something like that would happen again, I do for the, for the purpose of a couple of hotels. Yeah.


If you had the choice, I think you would go to the south of France and not to Gaza where people who have been displaced are probably going to want to, to wage war to get that piece of territory back. Well Here, because here's the problem, like in part we're treating Hamas like they're rational humans who we can just strike a deal with. And they're absolutely barbaric. I mean, what they did to Israel on ten seven is, is animalistic in, in its viciousness and they don't value human life. Their charter makes that clear. The, the way they behave makes that clear. The, all those un videos of, or it wasn't the un, I can't remember who put it together, but of the Palestinian children talking about how they can't wait to die for the cause just so they can martyr themselves and kill Israelis.


And, and, and even with the Hamas fighters calling their parents for praise in the middle of murdering I murdered four Jews. Yeah. Kids, parents. That's not someone we can negotiate with. That's not someone who's going to be lured into peacefulness by a big, beautiful building that he might be able to swing by the spa on Sunday at Camille. I don't like, I don't, I'm open, I have no solutions for the Middle East, none. So I'm as open-minded to this one as another. But I, I do think this, this this fundamental truth about the people who are in Hamas must be dealt with in, in making our decision. Yeah. I I don't know if it would be helpful, but I mean to the extent, You know, Trump has qualities that I'm, I'm eager to, to embrace like one of those is being able to, to essentially utter uncomfortable truths that like no one else is willing to look at and acknowledging the fact that this is a terrible situation.


The status quo is completely unacceptable. We can't return to that. We have to do something bold and audacious here. Let me just throw something out there to do that. And the kind of most responsible, delicate way possible, while being sufficiently disruptive, I think is a, is a very good thing. But in terms of achieving this kind of Riviera of the Middle East thing, like the first and second order problems before you get to the end state where he could actually do the thing that he has done a bunch build things, they, they're just so hard, the security envelope that would be required Yeah. To actually allow contractors to come in and do the construction, the, the, the effort to actually try to move people around to perhaps force people out.


It would just be extraordinary. And the, and then think For things to go wrong. Think he's let's, he gets built, let's say he makes RA as populated and with the skyscraper hotels as lower Manhattan who would stay in one of those like yeah, all It takes one and sustaining it over time, Hamas fighter to go in there with the bomb laden backpack and that's what's gonna start happening, right? It's like you cannot trust these people. Like you cannot, they are not a peaceful people. They do not desire to live in peace. What they really wanna do is kill Jews. That's really what they get off on. And, and Americans too, I think they'd be thrilled to kill Americans as Jewish supporters, Israeli supporters if we stay in Gazi era.


And, and not just there, not just there the ation, But, but I, I almost could be right. We don't want their bus attacks coming over here. But I also do do feel like, well I don't have a better solution. And I do think knowing Trump's constant negotiation tactics, there's a high likelihood this could just be trying to spur someone else into action. Like sure, I I take your point that maybe these Middle East folks wanna see the United States do this because it's to our apparel. But maybe, You know, Trump, I think we can all agree knows more than we know about what's actually happening behind the scenes in these countries. And I, I'll bet you he does have a game plan. There's one thing that we're presuming and that Trump is presuming from the lectern there is that Hamas is a spent force.


We saw during those hostage handovers that there is a significant number of young fighting age men that have survived. And if you look at all the assessments, Hamas is not a spent force. This is a ceasefire. There's not a victory, there's not a victory parade that everybody in Hamas has done. All their munitions have been captured, et cetera. So if you go in there to do anything, you were immediately fighting an insurgency. I mean that's like this, people are not going away. They're not gonna walk away. These are people, as you say, Megan, those and the people I think you were thinking of is the organization memory is memory.org. Yeah. That collects all the videos. And You know, how many times can you see a video saying we love death more than you love life.


These are people not like, oh, it's dangerous, I'm gonna get outta here. No, we're gonna, we're gonna dig in and we have troops left and we have, we have fighters left and you try to come in here and build a hotel, we are gonna make it a bloody mess for you. And that is assure you can a bet the bank on that one. One thing that that I think it's worth, well we Talk about the thread that we were just touching on because You know, I ra I raised this with Marco Rubio last week saying it's a really tough time to be Secretary of State as a Republican given what's happening within the Republican party within MAGA on the issue of foreign policy. This is, it's not, we use Tucker because he's like one of, if not the leader of this strain within maga, but there, there are millions, millions of Americans who feel like Tucker does, which is we should be truly putting America First and withdrawing from these international conflicts and that this is Israel's problem, not ours.


Why should we be spending all this money? And forgive me for trying to paraphrase Tucker's more complex view, but this is the thumbnail sketch that this is Israel's problem, that they should be prioritizing it and that the Middle East should be working on this. But we have our own problems. You know, we have, it's the number one cause of death now, the fentanyl poisoning of younger Americans. Like why isn't the money that we're about to spend or the efforts that we're about to spend going toward us. But as You know, within the Republican party, there's a much more Neo Connie strain and even just, maybe not even NeoCon, but more Beko. More hawkish. That is very pro-Israel And Marco Rubio, I would say I I don't think he was totally neo Connie. I think he'd more of like a, he pretty close hawk.


He Was sympathetic. Yeah. Yeah. Okay. Neo Connie and then kind of maybe downgraded to hockey and then I'm kind of flirting with the more isolationists, You know, nowhere I don't, so I feel like Trump is telling us that he's, he's more with the Marco Rubios of the world, right? Like this is pretty aggressive. He bombed ISIS in Somalia. Yes. He says, I think, I think we might be getting ready to take Greenland by force. Maybe Panama too. I don't, I'm laughing 'cause I don't actually think he'll do that, but he, he's not ruled it out. So I think we're kind of seeing the boss message on where he actually stands on on these issues. I think that, that he is going to be pursue a Trump corollary of the Monroe doctrine and he is already doing it.


America's gonna be very assertive in its near abroad and do things that were not contemplated before. I think the Middle East, he wants to be a peacemaker at heart. Alright. And he And Monroe doctrine is too big a concept to introduce with just four seconds before the break. So put a pin in that. Pick it up on the opposite side of this quick word. Thank you guys. They stay with us. The whole show.


There is a real and growing threat to your home and your equity and it's called title fraud. Here's how it works. Criminals can forge a single document, file it with the recorder and just like that your home and its title is stolen. They own the title to your home. They take out loans against your property, draining your equity, and you would not even know it until it's too late. And here's the really scary part. Credit monitoring will not protect you from this, but I wanna tell you about home title Lock to protect your home and equity. Their exclusive triple lock protection gives you 24 7 monitoring of your home's title, urgent alerts, if there are any changes, and a team of experts to help restore your title If fraud happens at no extra cost, the bottom line, your home's your biggest investment. Don't leave it Vulnerable. Home Title Lock is offering an exclusive 25% off their protection plans. Just go to home title lock.com. Use the promo code Megan 25 and that will get you 25% off your subscription and a free title history report to make sure you're not already a victim. Protect your home and your equity today. That's home title lock.com. Promo code Megan 25.


We are celebrating here at the MK Show are 1000th episode as a podcast. It's not our 1000th episode as a YouTube show though, it took us a year before we added a camera to our offering and went live on YouTube. And I think we're on episode 850 or so on YouTube. And while we're on the subject of YouTube, we just got our numbers in for January and it's just amazing. It's a, it's amazing. We're God bless you YouTube followers 'cause you're really making this show sing over there in the month of January. I'll give you a a feel. CBS news had 65 million views on their YouTube channel.


They have 6.5 million subscribers. We have 3.3 million subscribers on YouTube, right? So they have double what we have. So they had 65 million views. NBC News on their YouTube channel has 11 million subscribers and they had 132 million views, right? So 132,000,060 5 million. We have 3.3 million and we had 143 million views on just for the MK show just in January. Like That's crazy. It's crazy. It's crazy, right? With our, our 3.3 gave us 143 million, NBC's 11 million gave them 132 CNN.


They had 151 million. So just a little bit above us. And they have 17.5 million, 17.5 million and they only had a touch more than we did. That's all of CNN every single program over there versus just the MK show. So I just, it's amazing the power of this kind of an audience. Wow. That is like fuck off corporate media. Wait, thatt just need January. Hold on. That was just January. January. Just January. We see, because I think CNN's numbers are gonna really fall off now. The Jim Acosta's gone. Oh, that's true. I dunno why they got rid of that in the hole. The bottom is falling outta that one.


Some, some percentage of those shows. The reason people love, love the show so much because we talk about things like the Monroe Doctrine, that's, that's really what the people That's right. Want Matt. So you've got 30 seconds to pi to pivot off of that point under one. We understand? Yes. James Monroe in 1823 told European powers to get off the Western hemisphere, don't install your puppet monarchs. In a late 19th century, Donald Trump's favorite president, William McKinley prosecuted and won the Spanish American War. America now suddenly owned kind of Cuba and Puerto Rico in the Philippines. So that that one didn't go so well. But in that process and after he was assassinated, Teddy Roosevelt installed the corollary, which is basically the US asserts the right to intervene into the internal politics and military situation of broader Latin America.


'cause it's our near abroad. We have special care of that. And I think what Trump is doing right now in making, kind of trying to kick China out of the Panama Canal and trying to assert more latitude over Greenland is updating the man Monroe doctrine in a MAGA type way. That was 30 seconds. Okay. I like that. That's pretty good. Well done. I do want to follow up in a point. Was it you Camille? Somebody was saying that Trump, You know, he says the thing that nobody else will say. One of you guys said it. Yeah, yeah. And of course, 100%. And on brand yesterday he took questions from the journalists in the audience, which included this woman from I know where this is going, oh God, From Afghanistan, here, take a listen.


Do you have any plan to change Afghanistan situation? Are you able to recognize Taliban because I'm an Afghan journalist, Afghan suffered woman. Any comment about Afghanistan? What's your future plan for Afghan people, especially Afghanistan. I have a little hard time understanding you. Where are you from? Actually, it's a beautiful voice and a beautiful accent. The the only problem is, I can't understand the word you're saying, but I just say this, good luck. Live in peace. Go ahead, Please. Wow. Sorry. That's amazing. He's just, He says that to Melania every night anyway. It's Like, what are we doing with this short case?


I love it. The only, it's very beautiful, beautiful voice. But I, I can't understand a word you're saying. Live in peace. Good luck. That's, I mean, okay, here's Another one that is a bit, because I understood what she was saying perfectly. I don't know. You guys understood that, right? Nobody did. No, It's the acoustics. It's the acoustics here. Here's another dose of honesty. This one more substantive and arguably, You know, more important a message about what could happen, what would happen if god forbid Iran actually succeeded in assassinating him, listen to SAT nine. That would be a terrible thing for them To do. Not because of me. If they did that, they would be obliterated.


That'd be the end. I've left instructions. If they do it, they get obliterated. There won't be anything left and they shouldn't be able to do it. And Biden should have said that, but he never did. I don't know why. Lack of intelligence perhaps, but he never said it. I dunno. Are are posthumous presidential orders a thing? Can you do? No, that's not a thing. But it's fine. And we get this point. You can't be like he left. I do appreciate the point a thing, I presume that's correct. Like actually whoever your successor is, if they wipe out the president and the rest of the ex there we're coming for you. Yeah. So yes, I presume that's correct. Whether you write it that or not, obliterated Probably, and if you don't say it, it's lack of intelligence.


He also followed that up today though, right? It's like, You know, the fake news or whatever the new, the, it's, it's not true that I have made an agreement to. And then of course all caps blow Iran to smithereens. No, I haven't made that deal. So just to make that clear, You know, I want them to succeed. They just can't get a nuclear weapon. I, I worry when he does that, not just for my own sanity, but I worry a little bit that he is going to, people are not gonna take his threats seriously. I presumed in the Middle East there's a better chance for people to take his threats seriously. Although there's the kind of fly trap scenario that Moynihan was looking into.


But You know, you also wonder if Iran is saying, okay, well let's see what, what just happened with Mexico and Canada. Maybe we'll find a way to make him declare victory with a deal on a nuclear program that is actually kind of beneficial to Iran. I think that he's legitimately a hawk on Iran, which is also something that one who is a a, like a MAGA non-interventionist or intervention skeptic should look at with some level of concern. I mean, what was the Iraq war of actually kind of about at the beginning it was to make sure that Iraq didn't get a nuclear weapon. And Donald Trump, I think the more significant that thing that he did yesterday in the White House was actually not the Gaza comments, it was recommitting the US to sort of maximum pressure on Iran if they get anywhere close, not just to a nuclear weapon, but with being too aggressive in their ballistic missiles program and elsewhere.


So what does that mean? I think probably what that means is that he would let Netanyahu or Israel do what is necessary from their point of view to make that not happen. But are we committing the United States to act militarily if Iran gets close to a nuclear weapon? And what does that mean? Hell no, that's a, that's difficult. Hell no, that is a neo that would truly be a NeoCon Don. And he, there's no way Trump would I just zero? I bet the farm Trump doesn't do that. I mean He signed that order yesterday Too social, You know. Yeah, I hear you. But I just like, I, the he's too smart and he knows the Republican party too well, but he knows that there is zero appetite for that. The truth social he just sent out is I want Iran to be a great and successful country, but one that cannot have a nuclear weapon.


Reports that the US working in conjunction, conjunction with Israel is going to blow Iran into smithereens end quote are greatly exaggerated in all caps. I would much prefer a verified nuclear peace agreement, which will let Iran peacefully grow and prosper. We should start working on it immediately and have a big Middle East celebration when it is signed and completed. God bless the Middle East, I have to say the Middle East, he, he makes it sound so great, You know, you're like, yes, let's just all be friends and let's have a big Middle East celebration. But You know, given what we're dealing with over there, Not likely, no. We can celebrate at Epcot center con Eunice, when it's open in Gaza.


But the, the thing about this stuff is, You know, you can be a little more rhetorically aggressive against Iran these days because I mean, remember Osan bin Laden said America after the Cobar Towers and You know, the attack in, in Yemen was a paper tiger. And I think that's a, what a lot of people are thinking about Iran these days, considering Israel, You know, flew f sixteens into its airspace, knocked out its anti-air defenses, came back and then girded itself for the response. And Iran did basically nothing. They sent like a nominal bunch of drones up. So, I mean, talking tough on Iran is, it's an easier thing to do now because Iran, I think in the eyes of a lot of people is in that sort of paper tiger moment.


So yeah, I don't, I, I would be surprised. But Megan, you mentioned something that almost got no attention and it's one of these flood the zone things of flurry of executive orders. Is that in, in the United States? Airstrike on an ISIS leader in Somalia. Yeah, that happened. Really got no attention from anyone. And it's like, this is the, You know, don the, the NeoCon don and isolationist Don thing, where on one the one hand he's making sure that, You know, he's not a NeoCon that adventurism is over, but You know, a little bit of winking at like, he did, You know, 70 tomahawk missiles into Syria in his first term. And this hitting people and the war against isis. It's not, we're not staying entirely at home.


And I think that some of his supporters actually don't love that and probably won't love a lot of this stuff in the past 48 hours. One, one follow up on his comment about how you, Joe Biden didn't issue this warning to Iran because it was perhaps a lack of intelligence. Did you hear that ca a a Yes. One of the biggest agencies in America, this is the competitor William Morrison endeavor just signed Joe Biden. Honestly very exciting. I all I could say was, what, what are they going to use? Like he's gonna endorse, like he'll be the spokesperson for V eight. What, what they just, they want Could they, 15% of the deal Joe Biden out on Amb, they could do a lot hot ai.


It's ai. It's ai, it's all the de aging technology that they used in films like the Irishmen. You can use all those things. And Joe Biden could be viable for another a hundred years. Exactly. It could be selling merchandise and products. Ice cream. Come on. I don't know. It could be. I think it's a savvy Beer. I seen chocolate, chocolate chip. That's the only thing Joe Biden was ever write about. I just say he's gonna write a book. What If they got him on Shark Tank or something and he was like on one of those seats. Just like judging Company or the mass, the singer. What about the mass singer? Oh, well they would know was Joe Biden when, when he came out on stage and just started walking into the audience and muttered Shuffle. Think it's, he would do all, he'll be the new max hedge room.


Like he's gonna make all his therapeutic appearances that way. Sneakers walking across the Stage. I don't, I'm concerned walking, walking Across the stage. Yes. Good luck with that pork show. Okay, let's see. There's so much more to get to. I'm trying to get my arms around where to go next. Let's talk about this U-S-A-I-D thing. 'cause that one's getting really interesting. Yeah, so I think most Americans had never even heard of this organization or didn't, You know, if they've heard of it, they didn't know what it does. And I still am not totally up to speed on what it does, but it appears to be a group that is overwhelmingly hard left in terms of its employees and the people we staff it with and the people that then create these NGOs to which this U-S-A-I-D then gives its money funneling to various causes that are very woke in many cases like large L-G-B-T-Q and that kind of promotional stuff.


The defenders say that's not not all what it appears to be that some of those so-called woke projects in these dicey third world countries are actually fronts for groups that will be democracy checks that will quietly organize, You know, democratic opposition to tyrants, that kind of thing. So it could be just, You know, blatant manipulation of foreign governments under the auspices of Black Lives Matter. You know, I don't know the truth, but what I do know is Elon is getting all sorts of bad press this week because Doge is kicking the tires first of this organization.


Like they're gonna kick a lot of tires of a lot of organizations. But they started with this one and his conclusion was it wasn't just a matter of getting the bad worm outta the bad apple, it's the entire thing is worms. There's no apple, there's no absolutely no flesh of the fruit and the whole thing needs to go. It's been shut down now. Everybody's been told you're on temporary leave, paid leave and only the essential workers will be allowed back into the building. And we'll tell you by Thursday at at three, I think whether you are an essential worker at us, a ID And I, You know, when you look at like, who's really objecting to this? It's all people we don't like, like Ella Omar's really upset about it. So like I I'm, I'm already in favor of it.


And then he, I I read today that Politico somehow managed to get $8.1 million of us a ID dollars had that happen. I don't, like we heard the Megan and Kelly show hasn't haven't taken one red cent from the federal government when nothing's been offered and nones been taken. But what is that about? And how, if, if that's true, how are they reporting objectively on any of this? Every, every news piece you hear about who gets money from this group is disturbing. We had the press secretary out there the other day giving a list that was deeply disturbing. And then what we had today or yesterday was Democrats outside of the Treasury Department protesting Elon because they're very ticked off about this and about him.


And I just think they see an opportunity because Trump's so popular right now to kick the right hand man as opposed to the main man. But take a listen to what happened outside of state in slot 22. We have got to tell Elon Musk, nobody elected your ass. Oh, you wanna use our money to go to Mars? No, we wanna use our money right here in Washington DC We'll See you in the courts, in congress, In the streets, Elon Musk, a Nazi, Not take this We'll, fight back, fight back, fight back. And as I close God down, I I stand with you in this fight.


Oh God. And we'll win. We'll win. We'll win, we'll win. No we'll win. No one's joining win. Oh my God. We'll, No, Chuck, we Will rest. We, we Won't win trying to show you this new one that Was, we won't rest. No one's even mouthing it. Dude, 90 days ago you lost, what are you talking about? And I do love that the, the woman who's like the, like, we're at war, we gotta shut down the city. It's like you represent down Senate, Newark represent Newark and Orange, New Jersey, which have been shut down in that war for about 20 years now.


Yeah. So maybe a little closer to home. Good lord. Lemme clarify my political reporting. Steve Kracker, our Ep tells me that those $8.1 million are apparently employees or agencies buying some very expensive subscription to Politico. Oh, The Pro Politico. It's not, not that Politico got grants or other federal funding. Okay. So I don't totally understand the clarification And some of that, not that they've received some 6.4 million of that happened under, during the Trump administration or like that's what the level was in Trump 1.0. It's still like why, why is this happening? Exactly. Is this, the government should pay for this? I think one of the things that Elon Musk is doing right now as installing Doge into the US Digital Services organization, which was started under Obama, created under Obama to help like fix the problems with the Obamacare website, but then became this sort of government deficiency thing.


By doing that, he is sort of seeing how the machinery of payments and tech happens with the government. This is sort of the difference between him and Vivek. Ramas Swami about what to do with Doge. Vivek I think was more concerned with executive orders and looking for these kind of efficiencies. And Musk is like, let me get inside the tech. And we're seeing the fruits and and I was initially on the, on the side of vi Ram Swami's approach towards this. We're seeing the fruits of the Musk approach this week. And part of this from my point of view is not good just in the sense of you don't want to suddenly have the US not have its websites that you can look up information about it from database sets and stuff.


And also you shouldn't suspend payment of services that have already been given. However, part of it has been really good in terms of people going, what we pay for what now, which organization? We've, we've had a lot of listeners in places like Poland and Hungary come back with reports of like, oh, that's interesting that this magazine or this civil society opposition group suddenly is, is saying that we can't pay our, our employees because the checks didn't come through from us. A ID it's like, what are we actually funding out there? I would point out U-S-A-I-D is 44, I think billion dollars a year. The estimated cost to rebuild Gaza is north of $80 billion a year.


So it's not necessarily about, You know, we're going to reduce the size and scope of government just if we do this. However, it does show a thing that has existed and has been kind of put on steroids since the time of George W. Bush and the faith-based initiative programs. Government loves to give money to private charities, nonprofit groups, simple society groups. And it does that a lot in big cities like New York. It also does this in overseas in ways that most people are not aware of. And I think a lot of it is pretty ski. It ends up sort of rewarding your political allies, allowing people to like have a job when their administration or with their political team is kind of out of power.


And a lot of it's gross. And so what Elon Musk is doing is sort of giving a margin call, wake up call about the mechanics of that. And I think that is, it is pretty useful. You can't, I don't think shut down U-S-A-I-D without having an act of Congress. It is statutorily authorized by Congress shut twice. You can't shut down. But I think, I think they have a, a very good argument that they can all but defund it. There is an argument that they cannot. But having looked at both arguments, I'm convinced they can all but defund it. And I also think, I don't care that they've made commitments to do these wacky things. They should stop, we're gonna break our commitments because they were bad commitments that were being done in silent to left wing groups that were not actually supported.


Just listen here, here's a double sought a reaction from the White House Press secretary listing some of the things we're we we're paying for, and then Trump's description And here's the reason why Elon Musk and others have been taking a look. Because if you look at the waste and abuse that has run through U-S-A-I-D over the past several years, these are some of the insane priorities that that organization has been spending money on $1.5 million to advance DDEI and Serbia's workplaces, 70,000 for a production of A DEI musical in Ireland, 47,000 for a transgender opera in Columbia, 32,000 for a transgender comic book in Peru.


I don't know about you, but as an American taxpayer, I don't want my dollars going towards this crap. And I know the American people don't either. And that's exactly what Elon Musk has been tasked by President Trump to do to get the fraud, waste and abuse out of our federal government. The first term though, USAD was something that you liked in some Respects. I love the concept of IT program. Sure, I love the concept, but they turned out to be radical left lunatics. And the concept of it is good, but it's all about the people. How about those initiatives? I I gotta say I like, I I mean, and Trump's right about this, I mean, the concept in so many ways is good. I mean, you don't, you don't want, like, You know, we're doing DEI, Danson and Clark or something.


I mean, I dunno what a DI musical in Ireland is, like's a bunch of drunk people talking about how much they hate Protestants. But the great, the great thing about Italian, I was in, yeah, I was in Poland last week and I was interviewing somebody and before the interview, this very nice woman who is a judge, and she said to me like, what do you think of Trump? And she said that the program that she was a part of was just like defunded and they're all panicking about this. I was in Poland and I happened to meet somebody who had A-U-S-A-A-I-D related thing, defunded that very day, which the odds of that should be very small.


I mean, there are, like, it, it, what Trump said is, is right in the sense that, You know, there is on paper a lot of good, I mean there are some actually really good things that U-S-A-I-D does, I mean particularly in Africa, where you also have to compete with the Belt and Road initiative of the Chinese who are making their influence felt all over the world. So that kind of influence is great. But here is the reason that we are capitalists here is the reason that we are free market people. The problem with this stuff is there is no oversight in government. If somebody was spending this sort of money in a private company and you were losing money and you were like looking at your margins, you would fire the whole department. You're like, what the hell are we doing this for? There's no one in government to do that.


So the instinct is right, baby with the bath water thing concerns me in a way because there are good initiatives here. And it's like they'll figure those out, we'll figure those out. But, but line by line, getting rid of some of this crazy stuff is a positive because it's just grown and grown and grown. And people come to expect it as like their birthright. We, we can, You know, it's U-S-A-I-D we'll just apply And I mean, as Matt said, yeah, yeah, it's not, they're not giving money to Politico, but why the hell is the government spending $8 million of taxpayer money on subscriptions? Are you kidding me? No, I don't. It's Ridiculous. That's a good question. And honestly, like, I look at this and I think it's so bad, it's so egregious.


Like we, there should be an investigation on, on, on, into the people who allowed these expenses to begin with. And we absolutely need to pump the brakes right now that we've discovered it, that's 100% the right thing to do and to shut the people outta the building who are responsible for it and who weren't waving flags about it. And what they've said is that they'd really like to fold it into the state department now that that may take an act of Congress because it is an independent agency created by Congress. But right now, Marco Rubio says he's been appointed the acting director, so that's good. And they're going to figure out exactly what the expenditures are and which are worthy and which are not. Libs of TikTok had a great tweet too outlining some more of them. 2 million from Moroccan pottery classes, 2 million promoting tourism to Lebanon, 20 million for a Sesame Street show in Iraq.


Now I love Sesame Street, but what sending Ukrainians to Paris Fashion Week, what goes on from there are some of the ones two, $2 million for sex changes in Guatemala. Okay? I don't wanna pay for those here in America and I really don't wanna pay for them in Guatemala, so good for Elon, but to me there's more going on here. I, I think we'll get U-S-A-I-D straightened out, but there is an onslaught of attacks against Elon Musk right now, and it seems like the Democrats smell blood in the water. They're like, this is our chance for our first win. We're gonna take out the unelected guy who's running around, they're saying that he's trying to access classified files or files he's not allowed to see at places like U-S-A-I-D.


Trump came out yesterday and said he, he hasn't seen and he is not allowed to see anything that we don't permit him to see. So calm down. And then do we have the Harry Anton clip, because he was on CNN showing the dis the disapproval of Elon. We, we'll have it in a second, but here's AOC first going off about him. This dude is probably one of the most unintelligent billionaires I have ever met or seen or witnessed the danger Stop. Why is she laughing In the lack of intelligence and the lack of expertise that Elon has?


I mean, this guy is one of the most morally vacant, but also just least knowledgeable about these systems that we really know of. But the point is, is that what that means is that they're going to hit a button inevitably, they are going to hit a button and things can go sideways If you're gonna make, Like Obamacare Is literally rescuing astronauts stuck on the International Space Station with his rockets right now. He, he's unintelligent, she says he's done, he's literally working to solve paralysis with his Neuralink chip that goes in your brain and makes you compl control a computer with your eyes.


It's actually happening right now with actual human beings. What is she, she's trying to sell us that he's dumb. She is trying to sell us that Elon is dumb. Sounds smart when you're saying that the guy who can drop a rocket on a dime in the middle of Texas is dumb. She sounds like a total moron when she's saying that. That is, that is remarkable. Yeah, I mean, e Elon, Elon is clearly the most, and I I I think it's just like fairly true, like the most consequential entrepreneur of our lifetimes, perhaps. I mean, between Tesla and SpaceX alone. Like that's a pretty big deal. The potential for something like Neuralink is even more profound and quite frankly has just become this kind of cultural icon as well.


At the same time, while he's raised his profile in the, on the political scene, there are moments where Elon is tweeting that I wish he would just kind of pull back on the stick a little bit. There are moments where he, the Package it comes in, Camille, This kind of like public hyperbole. I'm just like, dude, could you chill? Because when I look at what Doge aspires to do, at least on the paper, to the extent there is any kind of specific details about it, like it's hard for me to get mad about that. Like being concerned, like radically obsessed, even with cutting the size of government with reducing waste is it's just a noble and sensible goal. And when I see what they're actually doing so far, to the extent anyone knows what's going on, there's a bunch of young kids with laptops or younger people with laptops, sometimes they get in trouble for using the word kid are showing up in meetings and they're asking questions and they're trying to look at code bases.


We don't actually know what the hell is going on. There is nothing that suggests to me that the level of panic that is has seized the Democratic party. And people who hate Donald Trump in general, and apparently Elon as well. There's nothing that seems to justify that at the moment. But I don't think that the way that they're going about things and the kind of attempts at provocation around these issues is necessarily like, great for Elon. Maybe the Democrats kind of overstep and are way out over their skis at the moment. He's being a, a accused of committing all kinds of crimes and there's panic because the, these kids like know how to code and or maybe coding things. People should probably be more panicked about the fact that the, the payment systems are written in these old antiquated programming languages.


Nobody actually knows how any of this stuff works. It isn't well documented. The the government has the capacity to screw things up all on its own with its own, with its longtime experts and longtime consultants. That is what they did with Obamacare. Why I'm not particularly frightened by programmers showing up and taking a look at code and trying to assess how things the, the programs are interesting on could Be better. Why are we auditing Matt Taibbi with our IRS and no one's auditing U-S-A-I-D to figure out why we're spending millions on Irish? What is it? Dances. I don't like Ds. It's DI dancing. It's lovely. What's lapping? You should come Check it out, Kelly. You'll love it.


Why if we're, if we're gonna take a hard look at the Matt Tais of the world, which was started under Joe Biden, why can't we spend a sharp accountant for U-S-A-I-D And the answers in both cases are because these are political decisions. 100% political decisions. By the way, Trump should drop that mi Matt Taibbi IRS thing and he should pull the feds off of James O'Keefe too. I find it very disturbing. I mean this, this seems to be some government slush fund that has gone away, gotten away with too long, too much for too long. So Elon's starting here, and this is because he's received nonstop negative coverage. You, you watch the news. That's what you hear the AOC soundbite, you hear him being talked about like he's some sort of an idiot who wants to sneak in on all of our private files.


Meanwhile, it's like, what do I care? Do I really care whether Elon sees some like a, I don't know, is my social security number? I I think he's good. I don't think we're in, we're in danger of identity theft. He's, he's set, he's not gonna be doing the home title theft against the four of us, but okay, fine. I I don't want anybody snooping around, so it's fine. And he is not. But here you get the CNN like they, they, they aired this on the Harry Anton thing, just to make sure we all know people don't like him. A key role for Musk and Trump's administration, you see this 39% support, 53%, the clear majority oppose. They don't want this. The American people don't want this.


The American folks simply put, do not want Elon Musk having a key role in the Trump administration. Elon Musk's net favorable rating. You know, back in 2016 when he was known as the SpaceX guy, right? His net favorable rating was plus 29 points. By last year, pre-fall, he had dropped all the way down to minus three as he began to take on more of a political role. Remember now look in 2025, whoa, the bottom has Fallen out, Fallen out minus 11 points. And it should be noted that Donald Trump's own net favorable rating is closer to about a net zero. So Elon Musk at this particular point is far more unpopular than Donald Trump is, who is at the apex of his popularity.


In fact, what we see with Elon Musk is he is at the trough of his popularity. Harry the N of workouts. Harry. Yeah, I wanna defend Harry, by the way, who is great. And if you go back to clips, he's a very straight shooter. I'll just be honest, Harry's a fantastic guy. And if you go back, yeah, we like him during the last election, you could put together an amazing super cut of Harry giving hosts on CNN news that they didn't want to hear and you all these numbers. And they were like, is that real? And he's like, yes, it's real. But again, that doesn't, that actually doesn't surprise me in the sense that as you point out, Megan, there has been, and I have a huge number of issues with Elon Musk, and I think there's things you have to guard against of a guy that has, You know, companies that have government contracts being entangled with the government.


You have to keep a close watch on these things. I don't like his interactions with the A FD in Germany, et cetera. But the negative coverage has been wildly disproportionate. And you see that on TikTok, right? You see it on Twitter, on Instagram. Everywhere I go, I see this stuff. So it doesn't surprise me in any way that those numbers have have collapsed because, You know, it was mostly positive coverage before. And this is just not the case now. Well he's, they just spent two weeks telling us he did a Nazi salute, right? And he's like, yeah, that's Pro Hitler. That one might hurt too. Every, every word that's uttered about him is negative in the news. And so it's actually kind of impressive that he's only minus 11. The guy who runs around firing everybody doesn't tend to be popular. You know, remember that movie up in the air? Is that what it was called? Is it up in the air?


Yeah, no, yeah, yeah. With George Clooney where he is firing everybody. Oh yeah, yeah. I think that's Good movie. Am I confusing that one for the balloon? One with the cute old man, the cartoon? I think That's up. That one's up. That's just that I know. Okay. Thank you. Thank You. Up in the air. It was written by MAGA, wasn't up in the air, was written by MAGA stalwart. Wal Walter. Walter Kern, yeah. Oh really? Yes. Oh my gosh. It was MAGA guy. Yes. Have Didn, You know that. Yeah, I'm a fan of his. Well, by the way, this just in Caroline Levitt White House press secretary, I was made aware of the funding from U-S-A-I-D to media outlets. This is just happened, including Politico, who I know has a seat in this room. I can confirm that the more than 8 million taxpayer dollars that have gone to essentially subsidizing subscriptions to Politico will no longer be happening.


The Doge team is working on canceling those payments. Right on Caroline, this is like, this is wonderful. Well, who, who would be other than Politico opposed to this kind of testing of what use is being made of our federal dollars? All right, I'm gonna take a quick break and then we're gonna come back and then we're gonna talk about the executive order coming out from Team Trump today. And it is the thing that delivered the election to him more with The Fifth Column coming up.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G C's online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Riley Gaines and c Lehi Lee are in hot water over their transphobic comments. And I just gotta say, who cares if biological males playing in women's sports? Just be inclusive Hood, not agree more. This is just a bunch of fear mongering from right wing bigots. She's a bigot. She's been a massive distraction from her team with her hate-filled rhetoric. Sia is not inclusive and males invading women's sports isn't even a problem as far as I'm concerned. These female athletes just need to work Harder and not blame others for their lack of success Plans, bro, As the captain C is very much responsible for these boycotts which have cost her team a playoff bid.


Guess Will see how Sia handles all that pressure tonight.


Great ad by our friend Jennifer say, and her XXXY athletic wear brand. Love the clothing line and love what they stand for. They have the guts and the balls the people over at Nike do not. And that message is right on. It's very timely and they're thrilled, I'm sure today because the Trump EO that is expected to happen at 3:00 PM today is entitled, keeping Men Out of Women's Sports. It will ban transgender girls, meaning biological boys and women from participating in female sports events in schools and colleges. It will keep boys and men out of girls and women's sports in schools and colleges. The Wall Street Journal reporting, we haven't seen it yet, that it's not immediately clear exactly what the contents of the order will entail, but one option is for President Trump to direct the education department to interpret federal Title IX rules as barring the participation of boys pretending to be girls in female sports categories. That's my phraseology. Of course, the Wall Street Journal was more PC in the face of such an order, likely affecting all, but a handful of the national Collegiate athletic associations, 1100 member schools. The NCAA has indicated that it will move rapidly to change its rules depending on what Trump issues today. This the president of the NCAA saying, we're a national governing body and we follow federal law clarity on this issue at the federal level would be very helpful.


So this is it guys. I mean, Trump already issued an EO saying you cannot change genders. That's not a thing. Men or men. Women or women. And that's the federal government's policy. Get pronouns out of emails. Get any teaching that you can transition your sex out of all federal agencies. And we're not paying for any procedures through, You know, our, our Medicare and so on. Like he's trying to use the, the tools he can to remove the public and the taxpayers from participating in this ideology. And this is a huge, huge issue on which he has overwhelming support from a majority of both parties.


Both parties, very high numbers against men posing as women participating in girls sports. What do you make of it? It's an 80 20 issue. I once interviewed Rand Paul and he's like, and politics is a search for 80 20 issues to be on the right side of. And he was using it at that time talking about both foreign aid, US foreign aid and also in his opposition to the Syrian war back when Barack Obama and John Kerry were drawing red lines and they wanted to intervene into Syria, but the American public would, did not have an appetite for that back in 2013. I predict that we are not gonna hear much about this beginning in about 24 hours because precisely it is an 80 to 20 issue.


And also he does have broad authority under Title ix. Title ix. This is the fourth successive presidency that has changed Title ix, the interpretation of Title ix, beginning with Barack Obama disastrously in my view, changing the due process requirements to adjudicate campus sexual assault cases back in 2013. Yes, I think it was. Or 14, which Trump to his credit changed back and then Biden changed back and then Trump changed back. But Title IX is about like the, a big portion of it is about women's sports in college. So it kind of makes sense to interpret it to have to do with women. So be, because it's an 80 20 issue because it's sort of been a, like a paper tiger.


It's, it's been based on the, the pushing through these things has been based on people's silence in not taking the JK rolling approach because it wasn't worth the hassle to raise your voice about it. Megan, I don't know if You know that sometimes you get blow back if you bring this up in, in certain areas in the media. So I I think it's it's gonna take place. It's not gonna be challenged at all. I don't think legally there's not gonna be a leg to stand on it and people are going to take the l just like they were, they're removing pronouns very quietly from their Twitter bios. Totally Disagree. It's beautiful. Pete Buttigieg. Yeah, Pete Buttigieg removed his pronouns from his Twitter bio.


What were his pronouns sir? Bend it. Hashtag you were been part of the problem. I just wanna tell you this, in that ad we played from Jennifer, say Ri Gaines was featured along with re's younger sister who I think is also a competitive athlete. And they talked about Sia, oh, Sias a bigot. Sia this, SIA that. It's Sia Lily who's featured a University of Nevada volleyball captain who spoke out against having to compete against a trans athlete on the San Jose State team. That's a team whose captain has come on this show to speak out about being forced to play next to a, a man pretending to be a woman, being forced to share a locker room and a room on the road with a man pretending to be a woman without the school. Even disclosing to her that the person they were rooming her with was actually a man.


And it's, You know, like these people featured in there have put real skin in the game and gotten hurt. I mean, I think Rally Gaines, she's actually been attacked. We know that, we saw that happen to her when she was trying to speak out about this on college campuses after the fact she was forced to, to disrobe and get naked in front of Leah Thomas walking around fully intact male while these poor girls who were just trying to swim in the championship at the n ncaa were trying to hide their naked bodies from this guy. It's sick. So good luck to those who do wanna protest this. But here is how the Washington Post has reacted. This order is set to ricochet through school districts and college campuses across the country. So they are acknowledging that this will have the full effect of law.


And then they quite quote the human rights campaign, a far left organization that used to just stand for gay rights and equality that most people could get behind. And it's gone full trans now totally abandoned the gay mission. They're totally all about the T and not the LGB. While this order will target transgender youth specifically, blanket bans have negative impacts on all girls. See, all girls are gonna suffer now as a result of us keeping boys out of their sports. Yeah, I just wanna say, when I said I, I fully disagree with Matt on this. I mean the, the broader sense, I agree, but I don't think it's gonna go away. And the reason I don't think it's gonna go away and disappear in the media is because it's an 80 20 issue in the media in the other direction.


There's a reason that everyone's shocked that these are issues that, that the voters are like, no, we're not on the same page. But if you go back and look at the development of this issue, how it came, I always point out the word bipoc. There was a moment when someone created this acronym for, was it bi? I can't remember, a black indigenous People of color. Black, indigenous, indigenous person of color. Person Of color. And it came out of nowhere and everyone started using it because they were afraid. They were like this, oh I guess this is what we do now. And this was the same thing that happened with JK Rowling when it was like, we're gonna have a Harry Potter like reunion on HBO and not even gonna invite the woman who created the franchise because do you think that the people within HBO Sure, some of the younger employees I'm I'm sure did, but I know for a fact a lot of those people up top were just doing things 'cause they were fearful of being accused and being attacked in the way you have and other people have.


So like I think that it's gonna keep going because those people who make those attacks are all, You know, inhabit the media. And the other thing that I was surprised about in this executive board is it, it doesn't go the other way, is that I want it a ban also of biological women competing in men's sports because there's no difference in gender where it's a, it's a social construct. So presumably it goes both ways. And we wanna make sure that there are biological women not beating men in sports, that they're better at them at. Because You know, it's all the same. There's no Such thing as like literally never happened. But sure, I'm fine with that too. Hasn't I don't think so. We cover this subject a lot. But I will say ju quick clarification, that human rights campaign quote is just from HRC.


It wasn't in the Washington Post, but in related news you guys Trump signed the eo, was it yesterday saying We're not the, any hospital that takes federal funds is not doing gender transition procedures on minors, not puberty lockers not cross-ex hormones, not surgeries. If you take federal funds, if you take Medicare, you take Medicaid F off, you cannot do these procedures on minors. And that is how the federal government can put pressure on hospitals and other medical facilities to stop with the constant chopping off of little boys' penises as part of some weird vanity project by in some cases their parents, in some cases a bizarre and deranged medical establishment or psychologist who gets involved.


And you, we showed yesterday the weird Cynthia Nixon protest out of NYU Langone in New York because they denied puberty blockers to two 12 year olds who'd been scheduled to get the injection in their arm. And now today we get follow up reporting. Listen to this via the cut, they go through the, appropriately titled, in this case offshoot of New York Magazine. The cut talks about reaction from trans parents, father of a 15-year-old stockpiled a year's worth of meds for his child after the election. There's nothing more important in her life. And he has a boy than having this care. We've known she was trans since she was two and a half.


The mood in our home has been brutal since the election. We're an all queer family. I am a trans person. My selfie adds, I'm very angry with a lot of despair. This is abuse. This sick person is abusing his two and a half year old and President Trump just shut it down and he won't get praised by anyone in the mainstream for it, but he may have saved that child's life. You guys, I mean, I think it's, it's important to just, and and we don't have the executive order yet, but what I'll say briefly is, as Matt pointed out, like we've seen this go back and forth a bunch and the attempts to try and kind of dictate exactly what the culture will be or how it will work through executive orders is probably a fraught project. Like the best you could hope for in a circumstance like that is a kind of reprieve from whatever kind of social craziness is happening at the moment.


So I think folks have to really acknowledge that there are limits on what Donald Trump can do here. And I don't know that the actual precedent that currently exists where you get into office and you just pass a bunch of executive orders, reversing the thing that happened right before you were in office, that can't be the status quo that we actually want here. And moving back to the University's pluralism is not idea. I mean we, we, we had on Senator Tuberville just this week, he tried, he's introduced even with a Republican controlled senate to get the protection of women and girls in Sports Act. And John Thon won't bring it to the floor for a vote. And we don't know why. They said they only wanna g bring the ones that we can actually have pass have passed. They don't, they don't have 60 votes. Take a cloture, we'll get them on the record, get let, embarrass them.


Start building the case. You're right, we cannot live or die by executive order, but at least it's a start. Gotta a run. And one final thing, you guys Are the bomb. Keep in mind that Tish James told these hospitals, that's the Attorney General of New York to ignore the Trump executive order. That that, she said that yesterday and I think repeated it again today. So She does that at her own peril. 'cause there's a Supreme Court case being decided right now that takes up that very argument. You know, is this some sort of a sex discrimination or an equal protection problem? 'cause that's what she's arguing. She's saying, if you do it, you'll violate our laws that, that make this kind of thing discriminatory. If you won't give these kids this treatment, and then you've got the Feds saying you can't do it. So the Supreme Court's already got that in front of them.


She's gonna lose. We saw the arguments, she's gonna lose that bit by bit. We're making progress on this issue. And God bless President Trump for spearheading it. You guys are the greatest thanks for being here tomorrow. Andrew Klavin. Don't miss that. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.