
Trump country is booming. We're building, hiring and winning in America because energy tax credits create jobs and put America first Jobs and factories will come roaring back into our country. More production at home will mean stronger competition and lower prices for consumers. And America's Comeback depends on American energy. President Trump keep what works. Don't repeal energy tax credits. Learn more at Built For America us. Paid for by Built for America.


When a university is built on merit, problem solving, and real world results, America leads, when it pioneers breakthroughs in national defense and supports American innovation, America wins. And when that same university ensures world-class education is within reach for all families America prospers. This is MITA partner in Building a Stronger America. Learn more@understanding.mi.edu.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. The news on Iran and Israel and President Trump's involvement in brokering a ceasefire deal has been quickly developing. I mean, like, don't leave your phone if you wanna stay up on the latest because it changes every 60 seconds it seems. President Trump announced last night on truth social that Israel and Iran agreed on a quote, complete and total ceasefire that would take effect in six hours. But shortly after that was set to take effect, Iran launched a wave of missiles at Israel, reportedly killing at least four.


Okay, so it hadn't yet kicked in, but it was about to kick in. And Iran decided to do, to do a bunch of killing before it officially kicked in. What the F Israel responded by targeting the sites from which those bombs had been launched. They've got four dead in Israel, 26 wounded as a result of those pre ceasefire, You know, for good, good old times sake, bombings by Iran. Again, WTF. So Israel responded before the ceasefire. And then there was a couple of collateral incident. There were a couple of collateral incidents right after the ceasefire kicked in where Iran question mark launched two separate missile barrages at Israel, none of which hurt anybody.


And both of which appeared to have been stopped by Iron Dome or in some other way by Israel. And that's, Trump is unhappy. He's unhappy because Israel responded to those two bombing those sites and the ceasefire look in the Middle East ceasefire. It's basically, it's paused and there might be a few, You know, extra bombings. We have to wait to find out. But like you could still be in a ceasefire, but they just love bombing so much. I mean, truly they just bomb, bomb bomb. This is like what it's like, I mean it's, I, I, so, so many of my friends, my Israeli friends or my, my Jewish friends are like, Megan, do you wanna go to Israel?


We'd love to take you. I don't, no, I do not wanna go to Israel. Thanks. But no, why would I wanna go to Israel right now? I'm sorry. I love the Israeli people, but I have zero desire to go to Israel. Just like I have zero desire to go to the Iranian nuclear sites, right? I don't wanna go places where people are getting bombed. And what I do at night is pray. I pray for my friends in Israel. I have dear friends who have family there, but like this is no way to live. And Israel's been trying to stop it for many, many years. They can't stop it. There's many nations around them and factions that want them dead and wiped off the face of the earth. And it's gonna be really hard to talk Iran out of it. The best we can do is get them to, at least on paper, maybe say that they'll stop, which Trump has achieved.


But You know, there's obviously a question as to is it worth the paper? It's printed on President Trump signaling he's not happy with Israel and he is not happy with Iran. I have to say what you're about to hear, you'll hear it here. And then we have a longer soundbite in a minute with him. Taking aim at Israel too is very unusual for us President. But it's good, it's good for Trump. 'cause he understands in order for this deal to have support he need, he needs Middle Easterners to be behind it. He needs some of our Middle East allies to be behind it. And it can't always be just a knee jerk reflexive. We're with Israel, we're with Israel, we're with Israel. And they can do no wrong. That's what Trump is trying to signal here. So he is not happy, happy with either party.


And here he was on the White House lawn this morning just about to take off for a NATO meeting, not mincing words. We have, we basically have two countries that have been fighting so long and so hard that they don't know what the fuck they're doing. Do you understand that? I mean that those are terms you might hear on The Megyn Kelly Show, but it's very rare to rare to hear the president drop an F-bomb. Very rarely he'll do it like in one of his comedy bits at one of his rallies. But I don't remember him doing it when, You know, commenting on a serious policy matter before and he knows what he's doing.


I mean, he's expressing his frustration at the way things go in the Middle East and the way these players respond. And he also really wants the ceasefire. You know, it's kind of like Trump thinks this deal is done and that should be it. You know, he should hang the deal toy off the ceiling at the 21 Club and have a stake. 21 Club is no longer thanks to COVID. In any event, that's how deals used to get done here in New York. And actually, if memory serves is Trump featured in Wall Street when they go into the 21 Club? He might be. He's in so many, he's in so many of New York movies featuring New York. Anyway, my point is, he's frustrated and who could blame him?


Aren't we all? It's like they're never going to stop fighting. That's how this feels. They're just never going to stop fighting. Look, we did our part. He did our part. He protected the United States. He bombed the nuclear facilities. It's what every president has said needs to be done in terms of stopping them. Only Trump had the balls to do it. Matthew Connet, who's a great writer, he, he's writing over the free press among other places now. And he, he's on the commentary podcast. He had this post, and here's part of it. He writes George W. Bush, Barack Obama, Donald Trump and Joe Biden all said a nuclear Iran was intolerable, yet only Trump paired words with deeds. Only Trump sent Ayatollah Khomeini reeling.


The promises were clear enough. I take the threat of Iran with a nuclear weapon very seriously. Bush 2007, we will not Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon, period. Biden in a vice presidential debate. 2012. The goal for these negotiations is to reach a mutually agreed, long-term comprehensive solution that would ensure Iran's nuclear program will be exclusively peaceful. Obama 2015, Kamala Harris ju just last year when she was running as president, I will never allow Iran to acquire a nuclear weapon. Continental goes on. And how have Trump's living predecessors and his 2024 rival reacted now to Operation Midnight?


Hammer crickets. Not one has issued a statement at this writing on the most significant foreign policy action in a generation. Why? Too busy at Huma Aberdeen's wedding to Alex Soros? Great point. Alright. Trump did what was necessary to protect the United States of America. Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. All those statements were not just because we care about Israel, which we do. We, we care about ourselves, we care about our troops in Middle East posts not far from Iran. And it was very clear across partisan lines that Iran could not have a nuclear weapon, but only Trump actually did something about it.


But in terms of actually stopping these two from fighting and launching missiles at each other and bombs, I, I'm not hopeful, I'm sorry, I wish I were, I'm not, I think it's still a major win that the conflict that was starting between us and Iran appears to be off for now. They launched those attacks on our bases in, in Qatar and won in our base on our base in Iraq yesterday when we were on the air together. And then they stopped. That was it. It was symbolic. They gave us a heads up Trump leader and his true social laid it out saying, thanks for the heads up so that nobody got killed. We understand you sent 14 bombs, 13 of which we intercepted and one of which we allowed to land because it wasn't gonna hit anything or anyone.


And nobody was hurt or killed. Thanks. We appreciate it. And nothing else has happened with respect to the United States for us at least now given the posture we were in 72 hours ago. That's very good news. So Trump now is off on a long flight to the Netherlands. He has his phone and he is truing away. So we'll bring you some updates on what he is saying. Plus the New York Democratic primary for mayor is today. And by the poll market odds, it appears that socialist candidate Zoran men Ani, may beat disgraced former Governor Cuomo. I mean, I never thought I'd say these words, but go Governor Cuomo, like I can't believe it.


Janice Dean is just, she's gotta shiver down her spine somewhere. But we can't have this lunatic mom, Donny. We cannot have him running the world's greatest city. New York City is the greatest city in the world, even as hobbled as it's been by years of Democrat control. And it cannot be in the hands of an avowed socialist. It cannot, it's already hobbling along thanks to many years now of Democrat rule post the Bloomberg Giuliani. Delightful 12. So that's what we're gonna be watching today as the poll results come in. First, we're gonna be joined by our guests here to discuss it all and more.


Camille Foster partner at Freethink, Michael Moynihan, hosts of the Moynihan Report on two-way and Matt Walsh, editor at large for reason. Together they are the hosts of The Fifth Column podcast, which you can find@wethefifth.com


tax network. USA is ready to proudly celebrate our nation's birthday honoring freedom, resilience, and financial independence. To mark the occasion. They're offering 10% off all services through July 4th. If you are dealing with back taxes or you missed the April 15th deadline, don't wait. The IRS is rapidly stepping up. Enforcement penalties can add up quickly, up to 5% per month, maxing out at 25% of your total tax bill just for not filing. And that's on top of what you already owe. But here's the good news Tax network. USA can still help you turn things around, whether you are self-employed, run a business, or your books are a complete mess. Their team knows how to cut through the chaos and find solutions that work. Your consultation is always free. And getting ahead of the problem now could help you avoid harsh penalties, wage garnishments, or surprise bank levies. Call 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. That's 10% off all services through July 4th as part of their celebration of our nation's birthday. Regain control of your finances with expert help from Tax Network USA.


Guys, welcome back. Hi. Good having us. Great to see you. All right, let's just start with, before we get to, to Mond, 'cause there's a lot to talk about with that lunatic. And You know, two outta three of you are still in New York, so like really have a dog in this, in this race. But let's talk first about what I said at the top about the Middle East and the the ceasefire. Is it on, is it not off Trump dropping the F bomb at these two out of frustration? You know, I, what do you just, let's just kick it off with what you make of my take on it, which is like, we should just be happy they're no longer launching bombs at us and that the retaliation for our bomb dropping appears to be done and that they're back to sort of launching these mini bombs at each other or not. And maybe pausing and maybe not unclear your take.


Well, let's start one part. Go ahead Mike. Well let's start with this Megan. I mean the response from the Iranians, there's two things about this. One is that they telegraphed it to everybody they sent out like, this is what we're gonna do and by the way, this is what it's gonna happen. This is how many missiles. 'cause they don't really want to provoke us, but they wanna symbolically say, we're going to attack one of your bases in Qatar, the Qatari are of course not an ally, but as close as you can be to an ally with Iran in the region. And the Qatari, by the way responded by shooting them all outta the sky and saying, well, we leave open the possibility to respond to this.


Which was pretty remarkable. So what they did was what they could do, which was not much. So that's pretty reassuring as you pointed out, Megan, down the road, we'll see what happens. The Iranians have been hitting Americans and American citizens and American military targets since 1979 from, You know, taking hostages the second they took over in the American Embassy in Tehran in 79. So they have a long history of doing this, but right now they are absolutely defang. And when you have somebody like Brett McGirk, who was the Biden White House's, what a, a coordinator for the Middle East or something saying that this is the best possible place that we could be in and congratulating President Trump for managing this crisis.


Good lord. I mean, talk about, You know, when you're getting Brett McGirk to say you're doing a good job. These are people that never say anything positive about Trump. And, and one final thing is that I think you're absolutely right about something that I, for one, who have been incredibly critical of Trump. I mean the podcast has been incredibly critical of Trump for where we think he deserves it. I'm been praising him for this. But I think that you're right in the thing that people don't understand, you have to keep so many people in the Middle East on board. Everyone is pointing out that so many of these countries in the Middle East, like the Saudis, like the guitars and like the Jordanians are quietly saying, go Trump. But not doing it publicly because they have a, You know, restive population that are not huge fans of the Israelis.


That that moment when he's like these guys, they don't what the fuck they're doing. Which is like, I don't know exactly what he's saying, but when he's telegraphing to those people that, look, we are gonna criticize this Israel too, we're not on board entirely. You guys have been, been lovely and quiet about this not criticizing us. We're gonna kind of reciprocate. I think that was a, yeah, is he mad at Netanyahu? But as you pointed out, Meghan, that was a response to the Iranians breaking a ceasefire that first of all everyone said that they didn't really agree to and then said that they did. But yeah, I think that that was definitely a, a wise decision because of the way Trump presents so many things. We just tend to think that he's flying, You know, the seat of his pants and just, You know, You know, kind of ad-libbing.


I think that that stuff is, is very well calibrated to say, let's throw a little dart at the Israelis, make sure that everyone understands where we are here. We're not doing this on behalf of Israel, but on behalf of us. And for you guys too in the Middle East, who actually don't love the Iranians. My fingers are crossed that all of this is true and good and we're in a good place and the bad things didn't happen. But I would really caution everybody not to get too optimistic about this, because we have been similarly in moments of temporary euphoria about the exercise of American power in the Middle East. And then things didn't go out so well in August of 2011, a lot of Democrats over the opposition of Republicans were crowing that they got rid of the Gafi regime Libya.


And wasn't that the use of American power at its best in Hillary Clinton's words? We were a bit triumphant in March of 1991. My God, we won the Gulf War so fast. People's heads snapped and wasn't it great? And then that led to a thing that we should think about now, which is for the rest of the nineties more or less the US created no fly zones of Iraq. So it was just sort of this low level kind of war. We kind of control this. What is Israel gonna do in Iran right now? Israel controls the airspace of Iran and doesn't want them to get a nuclear weapon and doesn't want them to develop a missile technology. Are they going to patrol that with the US help over the next stretch? We don't know because you don't know what is going to happen next either in the Middle East or after a big war.


There's a lot of things to be concerned about going forward. I'm less convinced as you are and Michael are that the use of US power in this case was the correct one. I think that we should be more skeptical in general about the use of US force against people who haven't attacked us this week or, or any time recently because we have the biggest power, most powerful military in the world. And when you are using it against sovereign, crappy countries that are nonetheless sovereign, you open up a lot of potential downstream effects that you can't predict for now. But that could be negative. So my fingers are crossed and there's a, you can see the window into how this was work.


Everyone seems to be kind of deescalating right now. It's possible that the mullahs are so terrified that they're willing to make some kind of deal to protect their survival. They don't have allies really. And that's heartening none. Where are, where are their friends? Not many friends. And Israel, I mean to you, you're a little bit pessimistic, Megan, about the state of, of Israel or its ability Israel has, has absolutely not absolutely, but has like very impressively defanged the ring of fire. And I know that's a mixed metaphor around it that Iran has created through proxies over, over time. It's been kind of an amazing tactical success on their part. So fingers can be crossed on this, but I'm not optimistic, I'm not skeptical about Israel's ability to fight.


Not, not even a little, I'm skeptical about the prospects of a lasting ceasefire in the Middle East that Israel will stand down, that Iran will stand down, that one of Iran's proxies will remain down. Like someone's gonna keep launching bombs into Israel and Israel always responds. So I that's what I'm saying. Like I, I know Israel can do it. Their, what their military's done over the past couple of years has been spectacular. It's been actually, I mean, I'm not endorsing the level of, You know, death. I'm saying they're very, very competent at killing their enemies that we've seen. But so I have no doubt there, I just, it's like, it's nonstop. It's nonstop violence in, in the Middle East. This is why I don't really want to go to Israel.


This is why I think a lot of people don't wanna go to Israel. And it's why, like, I, I think a lot of us who have been paying attention to the Middle East for a long time feel exactly how President Trump felt this morning. What the fuck? These people dunno what the fuck it's like, right? Like that's the right attitude when it comes to Middle East matters. Sorry, Matt, go ahead. No, just that, just that they've defanged Hezbollah from firing those a hundred thousand rockets over the northern border. That's a huge change. Hezbollah is a completely Iranian created subsidiary and they're like, ah, we're gonna sit this one out. So that's a sign that they have actually made progress in having fewer missiles go at them, even though they had missiles kill people yesterday.


I mean, pro progress in this part of the world is awkward and incremental at best. But, but there has been meaningful progress. And I'm a little bit surprised here because I think I might be not the least skeptical person about whether or not the Trump administration made the right decision. It seems like they made a, a pretty pragmatic calculation that at this particular time, given the pressure Iran was under, given the fact that they didn't have anyone who was likely to come to their defense here, that the Americans could sneak in and carry out a pretty devastating attack on these nuclear facilities that have long been a concern. And it is not yet clear how much, how effective those bombings were. And we'll learn more about that in the, in the days and weeks to come, we hope.


But what is pretty clear is that there was a concerted effort on the part of the administration to broadcast Iran. This could be it. And that that message was well received by the Iranians and even the, the kind of calibrated use of profanity this morning. 'cause it did seem pretty, like a pretty deliberate choice on the president's part. The fact that he's directing some of the criticism at Israel as well. I mean, they, he, they seem to be navigating this very difficult situation pretty well. All of that said, I will say that once it gets to the point where you're lobbing bombs at people as opposed to using the tools of diplomacy, this is it. I, I suppose by definition, something of a failure if someone hasn't lobbed a bomb at you already.


But they do seem to be making some progress here and one has to hope for a good outcome. And again, a really difficult protracted situation that we, we suspect this is probably an interregnum as opposed to a durable, lasting piece. But it could be a really useful ignorant tectum and it could very well be the sort of thing that creates substantial problems for the Uranian machine. I mean, it's one of those things where it's like we, it's not our job to create peace in the Middle East. It's really not. Right. And it, it is our job to protect American interests and the American people. And I think Trump consistent with all those other presidents, as I just went through citing the T piece and we did some of this yesterday too on the show, believes truly that Iran cannot get a nuclear weapon.


They're too crazy, they're too jihadi. They're too, they're a little too keen on killing the Western infidels in order to trust that. So given how weak they've been, they are right now Trump's opportunity and he took it and was also given Intel Yes, by the Israelis, that's got an asterisk on it as always, but also by the I AEAs assessment that they'd reached 60% ra uranium enrichment and that there had been an acceleration in the number of centrifuges over the past seven, eight months. So he did have data in front of him and who knows what else, we don't get to see what President Trump gets to see in terms of intel. So I trust him that he thought that it was a valid intelligence assessment, that they were speeding up toward the nuclear bomb.


And it makes sense to me too, given how weakened they were. I mean, when you corner an animal, it lashes out. It doesn't usually just fold and ask for peace. It it will tend to bite you from that corner. And so I, it, it makes sense to me in any event. But, but the, the larger question of peace in the Middle East, I mean like, okay, how many, how many presidents have tried that? Some have gotten Nobel Peace prizes only for the whole region to wind up, wind up in under missile fire again. It's just that, that's just too big. I applaud him for trying, You know, when we were talking about possibly a deal yesterday, I was saying to Emily Jashinsky, well, like, what is the deal? What's the deal? Like we said, stop trying to develop a nuke.


They slow rolled us, then we bombed their nuclear facilities. It's kind of done. We got what we wanted. And the, the big announcement was ceasefire between the other two. Great. I mean, I care about that too. But that's really between them in the same way like the, the fighting since ten seven has been between Israel and it's many, many haters over there. And I, on this show, we haven't really covered the day-to-day battles because it's really not America's fight. But look, I understand Israel's our ally. Iran's not, its proxies aren't, but it's really not exactly our fight. Go ahead Michael. Well, and a couple things about this, I mean, to your point about Trump's intelligence and what he has and what we haven't seen, and You know, just kind of bouncing off of what Matt said, there are a lot of lessons to learn from Iraq and to be skeptical.


And I agree with Matt by the way. It's like this is a momentary success, but let's not think this is a lasting success. And it can, You Know, there, there, there should, should be no spiking the ball in the end zone. Never sp relating to anything in the Middle East. No. If you defeat Grenada in 1983, spike the ball if you, and you break in the Middle East, no spiking, but the, no, the difference is, is this, is that in, in, in 2000 3, 2 2, 2003 leading up to the Iraq war, you could, you couldn't find a lot of Republicans who disagreed with the Bush administration's desire to go into Iraq and dislodged Sodom Hussein Trump, You know, is doing something that is actively going to fracture part of his coalition or runs the risk of fracturing his coalition.


And he did it anyway, which is, which is pretty interesting and, and pretty impressive. And You know, look, there's a couple of political points here. I mean, he put on true social something about some congressman who had nominated him from the, for the Nobel Peace Prize. It just, and by the way, to get no nominated, you just need somebody from a legislature anywhere in the world can nominate. So he, I think that's how he sees this. And that's perfectly fine to see it that way because what happened in, in 1995, Congress passed a bit of legislation. What was the, I think it was the Jerusalem Embassy Act and what was it, 23 years later after, as you said, Meghan, a quoting the Great Mac Connet, who's a friend and I think he's brilliant, is that everyone said they were gonna do it and then 2018 Trump does it.


Everyone says they cannot have a nuke. And people are shocked that Trump has done this. It was pointed out, and I hadn't even realized this, that golden escalator speech, the very speech he said that evening, that Iran can't get a nuclear weapon. So he's pretty consistent on this issue. And I think it's, You know, to his incredible credit, again, as someone who's been very critical of him, I think it's to his credit that he's actually said, this is what I'm going to do. And, and, and I did it and I've seen a lot of, you saw someone this morning saying, You know, it, it is, it is a right. Why isn't it not their right to enrich uranium and create a nuclear weapon?


And it's the same thing as the Israelis duns, et cetera. The United States, Pakistani, They're too crazy That Well that is what you said. And that's right. It reminded me of what, what William Buck f Buckley once said. He said, if you see someone pushing an old woman out of the way of the car and another one pushing a woman into a car, they're not both people who push old ladies around, right? This is a different thing when they have a nuclear weapon. And so, look, I, I don't in any way, I'm not celebratory about this. I am happy. But as you point out the, this is the most important point for everyone to realize is that what Israeli tries to do is to push back the capabilities of people trying to destroy them.


The people of Hezbollah, the leadership has been destroyed. The IRGC leadership in Tehran has been destroyed. The Assad regime has been destroyed. Assad is now in, in Moscow. These are great victories. It has not changed the idea of the people that followed Asad, the people that signed up for Hezbollah, the people that are allies of the regime in Iran, that Israel must be destroyed. That is something that you cannot necessarily bomb into submission. So when people say, like Trump said the other day, what's the problem with regime change? There are bad regime. I'd like to see them change. It's like me too. I oppose us getting involved in that And trying to dictate things. But if it, we Don't need that Precipitates the follow the fa the failure of the, the disgusting, horrible murderous regime in Tehran that has been oppressing its own people since 1979.


Great. But I don't wanna be involved in That. I mean, Trump, as you guys know, we've discussed Trump actually proposed Gaira Mara Gaza, You know, that's right. Trump looks this region like anything's possible. Yeah. Let's say let's make everybody rich and we'll build instead of destroy and things will be so much better. Like just let's just do that. And it's like he's a sunny optimist in so many ways. And then when people don't live up to his optimistic vision and like version of them, he's like, what the fuck, what's wrong with you people? I mean, I bought a timeshare in con unis 'cause I was like, this is gonna be amazing, But Probably a bad investment. I, I think there's one problem, or at least one caveat we should think about in terms of the Matt Continental Perplex, which is you could, you could make the exact same clip job of statements by U US presidents, every single one saying that about North Korea.


And we didn't press the do something button. We have the mother of all do something buttons, which is the US military. We didn't do that. So should we have, should we? Now that's a difficult question. I think the, my answer being sort of a constitutionalist libertarian semi peacenik is no, we shouldn't bomb North Korea. North Korea is arguably more psychopathic, but has much less re reach than Iran. Iran has been been an active menace in the Middle East for the last half century. North Korea has thrown some cannon fodder into the Russia to Ukraine war, but otherwise is pretty ineffectual generally speaking. But is whenever, You know, part of diplomacy is say, well you shouldn't have this.


We refuse to have that. But do you really mean by that, that if the other actor doesn't abide by those words, that we're going to press this incredibly lethal, destabilizing, do something button against a sovereign country. I recognize that dip diplomacy and especially diplomacy between people who are antagonists is absolutely frustrating, messy, ineffectual and bad. That is what it's always been. That that's kind of the point of it, is that people who disagree with each other are trying to come up with some kind of way to coexist without shooting each other. But it is kind of a failure of diplomacy when you end up in a war situation. And we should be skeptical.


I think we should be reticent to hit that do something button even when psychopathic regimes are developing nuclear weapons. I have no love for Pakistan. Don't they sheltered Osama bin Laden last time I looked for quite some time. There is a lot of problems with that country, and I'm gonna start it with my fest. This No, I I agree. You don't go around bombing the bad countries. I, I know, but, but I, the situation is much more layered than that. You know, I mean, what happened, I'm not gonna go through the whole thing I did at this top of the show yesterday, but the, the, the short version is, the thumbnail version is Iran attacked Israel on ten seven through its proxy Hamas. They were, they funded Hamas. I mean, Iran was funding Al Qaeda. I mean, Iran has been funding a lot of deaths of Americans and people, Americans love for a long, long time now.


So Iran funded that attack against Israel and through Hamas. So Israel gets attacked and Israel spent the next two years taking down everyone who attacked it, You know, mob style, like everyone, the, you, the entire family, like the Godfather style, like him, his entire family, dead Dead. And they did it both Hamas and then Hezbollah, and then Houthis, and then we helped with the Houthis and so on. And then the Assad regime falls, and then you have all these Iranian proxies that are now gone, or they, their heads have been chopped off. And at this point there's some intel saying Iran is now accelerating its bomb. Because I think because it's like a cornered animal and it's starting to panic.


And I actually believe the reports that it was ramping up. And I, and I said yesterday, bibe is not really, he has no credibility for me. I mean, I just, I've watched him every year say they're six weeks away. They're six months away. In 2012 I was on the air when he held up his little picture of the bomb that you'd see like in a Disney cartoon as a, like the round bomb with the little views at the top trying to show us that they were about to have it within months. That's 2012. He is to the bomb claims what the leftist Greta Turnberg are to the climate catastrophe claims. That's true. I'm sorry. But that's true with, with Netanyahu. His defenders will say, oh, but Israel intervened to slow it all down. I, okay. I don't really believe that that's what stopped.


I think he overstated my time and time again how close they were. That's my book, Megan. I, sorry. Anyway, my, my point, I'm just simply saying that, that it was more complicated than this because Israel had created conditions in fighting back that made this an ideal time to take, to achieve the goal that all these other presidents agreed we needed to do. Go ahead. Yeah. Well f first off, I want to make sure that no matter how much you hate Benjamin Netanyahu, please don't compare anyone to Greta Thunberg because that's just like a slap in the face. I mean, like, I don't hate, you want an ally. He's, I mean, he is gonna give a speech that Knesset, that Megan Kelly in America compared me to Greta Thunberg.


Yeah. A couple things like me, I, You know, to slightly disagree with my co-host here, Matt. I mean the thing about, about the North Korea comparison, and I get the idea that, You know, there's different times for this when you say no one's done anything in the way that, that, that Matt Conneti wrote. But If there is a moment in which the South Koreans were in an active war with the North Koreans and the North Koreans had lost all of its allies, couldn't do anything, was totally defanged. And at the same time you could actually liberate the people of North Korea who have been living under the most oppressive regime on, on earth of the last kind of Stalinist dictatorship. It's a, a slightly different scenario, right?


I mean, the fact that Brett McGirk is saying this and some other people, mark Rza, the, the Secretary General of NATO who's sent Donald Trump a signal message, which Trump then post on true social this morning, which is, might be the most hilarious thing he's ever done. It was like this sycophantic message like, we love you President Trump. But the reason they're saying this is that, is that this is a moment to do it. I mean, can you imagine this, this horrible regime that we've all been so afraid of, and rightfully so too, can't even control its own skies, hasn't thrown up a single plane against not the B twos, but any, You know, American made Israeli plane.


It's the time in which you do something like this or consider something like, like this. Especially if the intelligence is saying as I tend to believe, I don't have all the evidence of this. I've talked to some people about it. Megan, I'm sure you have too, that this was an actual serious point. But when you do this, you have a thing that so many people, Matt says, I'm a half piece Nick. I think that's probably true. Matt's about a half piece. Nick. He sometimes loves war. But Matt, the peacenik, the people who say blowback, this is something that you hear from the Nome Chomsky's of the world. People used to be just on the left. But you see, hear it on the right too. This is also blowback. Blowback is bidirectional. Yeah. They have been doing this for so long, intimidating, attacking.


Look, you can think that America shouldn't have been involved in the war in Iraq. I unfortunately, and I criticized myself for this, took too long to get to that conclusion. But I did, and it was a bad thought that I had, but I was much younger. But regardless of whether or not we should have been there, we do understand that the Iranians killed 600, 650 Americans. That's the kind of estimate through Iranian proxies that they were funding and arming roadside bombs that were built by the I-R-G-C-I-R-G-C people on the ground in Iraq, Soleimani also killed by Trump. Where in Iraq. I mean, so they've been fighting a direct war against us. Should we have been there? No, we shouldn't have.


But do we say, because we shouldn't have been there, kill American troops with abandoned hundreds of them. This is blowback. You guys got a, you got, You know, overstretched and you left yourself open and the Trump administration yeah. Responded not by killing Iranians, not by killing Iranian scientists. The right Israelis did that K blowing up your nuclear program in various places. So You Know, you f around and eventually you found out, you found out, You know, You know, to quote Colonel Jessop, you eff with the wrong marine. You know, you, it had Donald Trump in there. Joe Biden's gone, right? It, we didn't have some feckless loser leader with no spine.


He tried, he loves peace. He was gazi, You know, and he looked at you folks in Iran and said, let's have a great relationship and stop all the killing. And then he started to realize as any good deal maker does, at some point when he is getting stiffed, You know, when somebody's slow rolling you and doesn't really mean to mean to be there in good faith. And then he dropped a bomb on their nuclear facilities. That's how it went down. Wanted to offer this. He didn't get to it yesterday, but a guy named Jamie Metzel posted this. You mentioned Brett McGirk as follows. Quote, I served, this is on XI served on the National Security Council under President Clinton. I was Joe Biden's, deputy Staff director of the Senate Foreign Relations Committee. I voted for Kamala Harris. And I've been a vocal critic of many dangerous and undemocratic actions taken by President Trump.


But I'm not a blind tribalist and am perfectly comfortable praising President Trump for bold and courageous actions in support of America's core national interests. As he took Saturday night, Iran has been at war with the United States for 46 years. Its regime has murdered thousands of American citizens. Its slogan, death to America was not window dressing but core ideology. It was racing towards a nuke with every intention of using it to threaten America. Our allies are the Middle East region as a whole, blah, blah, blah, blah, blah. And then he goes on to say, although I believe electing Kamala would've been better for our democracy, society, and economy, as well as for helping the most vulnerable people in the US and around the world. I also believe V VP Harris would not have had the courage or fortitude to take such an essential step as the president took last night.


Wow. I mean, it's remarkable. I mean that's re and and a credit to him for saying it, Camille, And, and he might be right. And, and You know, if I were trying to paint a, a, a alternative scenario here where the Trump maybe achieves the same ends without necessarily having to carry out the military strike, it would've involved him going to Congress very formally and, and loudly and dramatically and theatrically seeking authorization to use force and broadcasting to Iran very clearly. If we don't get a deal, a deal where we get to come in thoroughly expect these, inspect these sites with our personnel, then a strike is coming. But get congressional approval, do things the right way.


Not, not totally disagree, not literally. I think that there's a possibility at least that you could have achieved a very similar outcome. In fact, what would've been better is that you wouldn't have had to have the expense of the bombing, but you'd also have the, the knowledge of exactly what was in that facility and who was in the facility and be able to go in there and dismantle things in a, in a very direct way. I mean, it's at least a possibility, but that is definitely different and it's more complicated and it requires a lot of strategery that they might not have been able to pull off. But at the same time, I do think that at least getting Congress involved in the decision is something that is worth flagging them. I don for, I don don't, but the outcome does seem quite good overall and We'll agree.


Congress doesn't help with anything ever. Congress is the problem. Congress is not the solution to anything and certainly not military action. Yes, if you're gonna declare a war, you need them. But the whole go read John Yu's piece over at National Review today. He's so smart. This guy's been so brilliant. Yes. He justified some of the torture under George W. Bush. But I a little caveat, he's right about that too. Oh, I'm sorry. Anyway. No, I'm, I'm fine with it. I, I defended the torture when it was happening too. We thought we were gonna get attacked every, every next week. We wanted to do anything necessary to protect ourselves and our children. It's like fine to judge it now all these years later, but, okay. Anyway, John Yu has got a great piece up today about the, the, the founding fathers and about Alexander Hamilton and about why they created the structure they did with an emboldened executive who could make split second decisions, who could make in the moment decisions on how to protect the homeland and how Congress, of course is a much more deliberative body.


And and they understood that and that's got its place. But it's not when it comes to warfare in the moment, like where actual decisions need to be made and they need to be made fast. That's why you have an executive who's commander in chief too. He did not need to go to Congress. But you can argue about whether he should have, I still don't think he should have. Like if you want to, whatever, okay, but no, Congress fucks things up. They don't fix things. Sorry, go ahead. The Hamilton and Madison agreed on nothing. They didn't agree on what color the sky was, but they both agreed that the power to declare war should rest in the Congress because they didn't want To declare a war. Yes. That's not what happened. We're now in the o Obama 2011 let of, that's just a kinetic military action.


That's not a war. I Don't you think you really think we started a war with Iran? Is that what you think we did? I mean JD, JD Van said that we, that we declared war on Iran's nuclear program, which is Still right. Not on the Iranian people, not on the country of Iran. It's different. It's not, it's not, it is not the same Think when you drop a bomb, it's exactly the same. It's narrower war. Yeah. You're doing a war like that. I Totally disagree. I Disagree with you. And also like the, the, of course there is the power invested in the president to respond to attacks. This isn't a response to an attack to Prevent attacks. This is a preventative attack. Yes, it is. But that, But that's, that's okay. That's, That's not like, oh gosh, 24 hours. It's okay. Not enough time to notify anybody.


It Doesn't have to be imminent. It does constitutionally. It does not need to be imminent. No, it doesn't. Matt, what's your authority for that? My, it's not my authority. It is for me. I think that when you say that you should, I think the dropping of a bomb is an engagement in a war-like activity. And if you're doing that, you should be doing that in defense and not in, so You're talking about should not must. I mean, I'm trying to defend the president's power to do what he did. There is no question as these people talk about impeachment, et cetera, think it's open, it's a legal challenge. It's utter folly. It's legal challenge. Had 100% had the legal authority to do what he did. My side would lose because su successive supreme courts have given the president broad authority and the war making power to be clear.


But I think to look honestly at the intention of the founders, including Alexander Hamilton, I don't think it was the president should have the ability to go out and wage preemptive war farther along. They, they understood that having a president didn't, with that much war making power would be a temptation towards power and lead to more. And I think we've lived through this over the last 25 Years. What he did was try to prevent a war. He tried to prevent a war. That's what he did. He dropped a bomb on a nuclear facility that could have killed us all with intel that they were ramping up and getting ready to use it. So I mean, like we, we can, we can go round and round on this all day, but number one, the a OC calls for impeachment, which Trump and she are arguing back and forth on right now online are absurd.


There's zero grounds for impeachment. He's taunting her now saying, go ahead and do it. Make my day. He's given her one of those. And, and I also think now, You know, and you then, then we're spilling over into, okay, well even if he had the power, should he have exercised it? And we definitely have a disagreement on that, but people can make up their own minds. I wanna play you, I said I'd play the longer soundbite of him dropping the F-bomb because he actually gets into a couple of other subjects and I wanna do that now. Here it is. I'm not happy that Israel's going out. Now there was one rocket that I guess was fired overboard. It was after the time limit and it missed its target and now Israel's going out. These guys gotta calm down ridiculously.


I didn't like plenty of things I saw yesterday. I didn't like the fact that Israel unloaded right after we made the deal. They didn't have to unload. And I didn't like the fact that the re retaliation was very strong. But in all fairness, Israel unloaded a lot. And now I hear Israel just went out because they felt it was violated by one rocket that didn't land anywhere. That's not what we want. I'll tell you, and I'm telling you I'm not happy about that Israel either. I think they both violated it. Yeah. I don't think they, I'm not sure they did it intentionally. They couldn't reign people back. I don't like the fact that Israel went out this morning at all and I'm gonna see if I can stop it. Yeah, do they violated? But Israel violated it too.


I mean, Israel, as soon as we made the deal, they came out and they dropped a load of bombs. The likes of which I've never seen before. The biggest load that we've seen. I'm not happy with Israel, so I'm not happy with them. I'm not happy with Iran either. But I'm really unhappy if Israel's going out this morning because of one rocket that didn't land that was shot, perhaps by mistake that didn't land. I'm not happy about that. You know what we have, we basically have two countries that have been fighting so long and so hard that they don't know what the fuck they're doing. Do you understand? That Never gets out. Al the voice is always a good tell for him.


You're Going to, you're gonna miss him when he is gone. You, I know this, I love the, the classic Trump overstatement that the response was the biggest response. I've never seen anything like it. It's like, well it was just kind of a response. I'm not sure about that. Can we, can we Just be clear on that morning hand? I just wanna 'cause like my information, this is what I think happened via Fox News in the New York Times. The ceasefire was about to take hold five waves of missiles came at Israel before it had kicked in. One got through the Israeli defenses and hit, hit a target in an Israeli town of be Shiva. Yeah. Then that's the one that killed four people at least and injured 26 Israelis after that missile strike, Israeli fighter jets located the launchers that had launched those missiles over Iran and fired on them.


Now so far the ceasefire hasn't kicked in. So no one's violated it though. Not a classy move by Iran. Yeah. Okay. Later the ceasefire is four hours old and the IDF says two Iranian missiles flew into the north of Israel, but that they were intercepted with no injuries. Iran is denying that they were the ones who launched those missiles. But Israeli intel is usually pretty good on who's firing the rockets at them. Okay. So I think when Trump's when Trump says they, they they and they lo dropped a bunch of bombs. I think he's talking, I don't know what he's talking about to be honest, because what then happened was Israel was flying a bunch of planes according to the Trump tweets in retaliation, I think they were about to drop bombs.


And Trump sent out a bunch of tweets saying you better not do that. I don't wanna see that. He, from Air Force one, he said he spoke to Netanyahu and he said he told Netanyahu bring back those military aircraft that Trump indicated were on the verge of attacking Iran. He also declared that the last thing on Iran's mind now is a nuclear weapon. And then you had to trump tweet at 7:28 AM today saying Israel is not going to attack Iran. All planes will turn around and head home while doing a friendly plane wave to Iran. Nobody Will be hurt. The ceasefire is in effect. Thank you for your attention to this matter. Donald J. Trump, president of the United States.


Go ahead one. Anne, Thank you for your, your attention to this matter. It's the greatest punctuation of that ever. Yeah. Look to what we were saying before. There's obviously some serious telegraphing going on here. God knows what was said on that call between Trump and Netanyahu. I mean, we all know the relationship that Obama and Netanyahu had, which was incredibly bad, particularly when Netanyahu came and addressed Congress. It all sort of fell apart after that. And it had already then tattered before. But it, the, the relationship that the two of these guys have, we're gonna wait for the reporting and for the historians in a couple of years on this because it seems, You know, not the easiest one.


It seems contentious because Trump is a, is a, a huge personality and knows what he wants and usually gets it. And particularly in foreign affairs. And So you see these people out there that drive me absolutely bananas and say, oh look, America's B twos are in the air Israel controls American foreign policy. Israel does not control American foreign policy. And this is, You know, I think not proof of that in Trump saying, go turn around if that happened. I, I imagine it's, it's very likely that it did. I do though very much disagree with the idea that well Iran did this, but Israel shouldn't have responded. What the Israelis do is when they launch those missiles and You know, four people killed in Bathsheba and You know, buildings destroyed and lots of people grievously injured too.


Yeah. Is that they respond because they can very quickly target where those are coming from and then they blow up those mil missile launchers, which I think is fair, completely fair thing to do. So I think that what's happening here is Trump is rounding on the Israelis when it seems to me and to any, You know, observer, as you said Fox, I read, I read both the Fox and the New York Times account, wall Street Journal and account of this too, which seems like you are telling of this from multiple sources. Seems to be what happened that I think he's being not very charitable to the Israelis, but I suspect there's something else going on here that we don't know about. That he's trying to, You know, put Netanyahu in a very particular position. Maybe it's a broader thing. Again, this is total speculation, a broader thing that like, You know, 'cause they were resistant, both sides were resistant to the ceasefire.


It wasn't as if everybody came to the table. They had a round of negotiations and You know, UAE or Oman or something. This was kind of a dick tot from Trump. So there might be some sort of difficulty about what this entails. And this is him firing a warning shot at the Israelis. Because when it comes to how they responded, I don't think they responded in an unreasonable way at all. Yeah. And it Was even that report when he says they came out Israel, as soon as we made the deal, they came out and they dropped a load of bombs, the likes of which I've never seen before. The biggest load we've seen. I'm not happy with Israel. That's amazing. I don't know what he is talking about. Because what Israel did is they responded to the, to the one that had been launched in Be Sheva and in the way that we just discussed.


And then they were about to respond to the possibly errant being very charitable, two missiles that had been intercepted post ceasefire. But then Trump said they didn't actually do it. He got the planes to turn around after his conversation with Bibe. So, I mean, I don't exactly know what Trump is referring to there, but I'll say this, I have 28 seconds till the break last night. You know, we, we do am update the morning podcast that we drop, which just news headlines for the audience. And we, I mean we went back and forth hour after hour we met again to update am update because it was like the Iranians agree, there's a ceasefire. The Iranians just told CNN there is no ceasefire. Oh wait, no, they say there is a ceasefire. All the Iranian TV is reporting.


There's no ceasefire. It was like, oh my god. Then we put, we put it to bed. There is a ceasefire, we wake up. Of course. It's like everyone's violated the ceasefire. Okay, so it's not going that well. Alright, standby. Gotta take a quick break. The guys are with us for the full show


shopping, planning, cooking food. It can be simple and stress free. Can it? It actually can imagine having your weekly shopping cart filled for you and your meals for the week already decided on Hungryroot takes the stress out of mealtime by filling your cart with personalized picks and planning your week of meals with over 15,000 recipes to choose from each week. Many ready in just 15 minutes or less. They offer a wide grocery selection, including smoothies, kids snacks, sweets, salad kits, ready to eat meals and supplements. Hungryroot helps you eat well and reach your diet or health goals. Whether you are gluten-free, dairy-free, high protein, focused on gut health or anything else, just take a quick quiz. And their Smart Cart technology recommends groceries, recipes, and supplements tailored to your tastes and needs. Take advantage of this exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box, plus get a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungryroot dot com slash MK. Use the code MK Hungryroot dot com slash MK code MK to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life. Hungryroot dot com slash MK. Code MK.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school. As usual,


Get ready for July 4th with early savings at Lowe's. Right now, get up to 40% off select major appliances and get an additional 10% off, two or more Select major appliances plus get three stay green or premium, two cubic foot mulch bags for just $10. These deals are coming in hot Lowe's. We help you save valid through 6 25. Selection varies by location while supplies last. Sea lows.com for more details excludes Alaskan Hawaii.


So guys, Emily Jashinsky launched her MK Media show last night After Party with Emily, which has like a fun bonus of sounding, kind of naughty, but it's totally above board. Anyway, she launched it last night. It's live on YouTube at 10:00 PM two nights a week. And her inaugural guest was Tucker Carlson. And it's a great time to get Tucker Carlson. Of course, he's in the news every day because he's in the interesting position of being one of Trump's main supporters, and yet very, very critical of really all war. But this one, yes, including and had tried to talk Trump out of it to the point where Trump, when I was on vacation last week, referred to him as kooky Tucker Tucker Carlson.


And then made a shot of like, well, if he's gonna cri, if he something like, what does he have to say? He should, he should go buy a television network. So somebody would listen to him, maybe somebody would listen to him. Something like, very cutting. I was like, whoa. And then they talked and Trump says, Tucker apologized to him for going a little hard on him. And so I don't know what exactly happened, I haven't spoken to either one of them, but Tucker's been under a lot of fire from people who now say, and then top of all that you were wrong because Trump nailed it. And so all your doom and gloom predictions were wrong. But again, like, just don't make predictions either way in the Middle East. Like, don't say his doom and gloom predictions were wrong.


It's only been about two minutes. And don't, don't say they were right. Like we, let's just, just don't predict anything in the Middle East. Like that's, that's a golden rule. Anyway, he went on with Emily and they had a couple of interesting discussions. Let me give you the overall in which he responded to some of the attacks he's been facing from guys. Like he had an extraordinary interview with Ted Cruz, which I highly recommend you listen to. Very entertaining on a number of levels. And he's been fighting with Mark Levin of Fox News. Anyway, take a listen to South 11. I don't really care what people think of me at this point. I'm 56. You were wrong. Well, I, yeah, I've been wrong many, many times.


I'll be wrong many, many more times. But the one thing I am is sincere. I really mean it. I don't care about the effect on me. I just, I don't wanna relive a rock. And I know the people who did it. I've lived among them. I defended it. I repeated their talking points. They're not doing that again. And we came really close to doing that again because of Mark Levin and Laura Loomer and the rest of these morons who've never even left New Jersey. Like they don't know anything about the world. That's the other thing. They're dumb. They don't know, they don't, not only, they don't know the population of Iran, they don't know anything. They don't know the nations that border it. They just, they just don't know anything. And I'm not making an argument for expertise or having been there, but I am making an ex an argument for being responsible when you demand that the US military do certain things because we are just in a crisis for a week.


We saw who people are, we saw what they cared about. And I've got nothing against Ted Cruz personally. I feel sorry for Ted Cruz. Obviously a totally hollow person taking instructions. But I do think we learned, wow, this is not someone who should be influencing wars because he just doesn't know anything. He doesn't care. And he's not putting America's interests anywhere near the top of his priorities. Okay, so that's, that's Tucker. I'm Ted Cruz, by the way. She, she, she's on at 10:00 PM on Mondays and Wednesday, So you can check her out tomorrow night. She's got Rand Paul, who's one of the detractors that the president's seeing on this front in the US Senate.


So what do you make of what's unfolded within the Republican party over the past 10 days or so? I just think it's really, You know, it's kind of a low blow from Tucker to assume that Ted Cruz has dual loyalty with Canada. Just 'cause a guy's born there doesn't really mean taking instructions in the great white North. I'm 56 2 Tucker, and I don't care that anybody thinks either. And also I've, I had done what he did in Moscow. I wouldn't be telling people, like accusing people of not having been to a place oof a very, very bar. The grocery store Moynihan, is that what you mean? Will Point will point, yeah. The grocery store that the, the subway's, the cleanest in the world makes you feel like America's dirty and bad.


Russia is bigger than the nicest grocery store in Moscow. And also there's comparative dollar, there's just a whole bunch of stone obvious things that he could've learned from his father. I do, I've got to just say quickly, I'm gonna give you back. I just flying in a JFK on the way home. It's a, it's Calcutta, it's disgusting. It's, it does make you wanna say like, It's all Calcutta. Why, why are we so bad at this? Sorry, go ahead. No, Moynihan will, will tell a story about Steve Bannon that I think is interesting. My, I think the bottom line is that Trump is correct when he says, at least as as a matter of politics, that maggot is what is whatever he says. It's, it's not whatever Tucker Carlson says, I'm actually heartened that some people like Tucker, even though I disagree with 'em about many, many things, I enjoyed his Ted Cruz interview.


You're right, people should seek it out. Like the exchanges were valuable, as was just the spirit of them from both sides, like just going at each other. There should be more exchanges like that. I think it was a useful thing. But, and I'm heartened that there are people who have been maga who are, who are bummed out by this use of US military force. At least there hewing to some amount of principle. I think among the broader pro-Trump and also Republican electorate. I think Trump will be broadly correct as a matter of politics. But I know Moynihan's been following Steve Bannon on this among other things for a while. Well, I I like what you said, I think, I think that's right too. I think it's, it, it's took Tucker's credit that he didn't abandon what appears to be a just sincerely held belief of his, just because his friend got elected, he voted for him, he wanted it and disagrees with him on this.


Like, it would be worse if he just suddenly said, okay, all that stuff I was saying, forget about it. Like, that would be, that would be odd. We've Seen a lot of this week as well. There A lot of that. Yeah, we, we absolutely have. I mean, look, I can, I understand the tulsi of the world and the JD Vance's of the world, who I think probably secretly share Tucker's beliefs going along because they, they're in the administration. Like what, there, there's no option. You can't be out there as the vice president being like, this is so wrong. God, this is Jet. Like that would be absolutely fool headed. But anyway, go ahead. Go ahead. Money. I wanna hear your Steven. Yeah, I think that's, I think that's right. I think that JD Vance probably is much closer to Tucker than he's letting on.


I think that also those people in the MAGA universe as commentators and people who make a good deal of money off of it, a lot of them, no naming any names, have softened their very isolationist rhetoric when Trump did this and said, well, oh, I guess he must be right. I think a lot of it's about, about audience capture. But I will agree with Matt on, I disagree with Tucker on a lot of things, almost everything these days. But I do appreciate the fact that he doesn't back down and say, well, You know, MAGA is MAGA and he's the one, as he said, who decides maga? So I'm gonna, I'm gonna carry water for whatever he does. I think he's wrong. I I love the fact that Tucker's always, like Ted Cruz is said, it doesn't matter who it is.


Like tickers is a nice guy. He's a, You know, Holloway devil who's an idiot. But like it's, he does always does. Which I Think is totally, and then he'll be like, he's a friend of mine. Is that, is that actually a friend of mine? He's A friend of mine. He's like Jeffrey Epstein and probably a Nazi, but whatever people, poor friends. No, he didn't say that I said that, but like, and also like Matt, I think that it was a good interview because when Tucker's, the problem with Tucker's show has been, it's been so many people since he left Fox, it's just been kind of an echo chamber of this is what I think MAGA should be. This is kind of my version of the mag ideology and it's a bit of an echo chamber.


So to see him in that combative role, I don't want to ever agree with Ted Cruz. I'm not a fan of his at all. But also I think that it was actually, people had that interview a bit wrong because the clip that was played, and they put it out before where Ted Cruz didn't know the exact pop, or he didn't, he didn't offer any population number. I think you, by the way, you can say that Iran shouldn't have a nuclear bomb and think they have 50 million people rather than 92 million people. I don't think it's the, the real knockout punch that people thought it was, but the entire interview was actually quite good. I mean, they, they, they gave it as good to each other. It was very hostile in certain places. It was certainly very enlightening. And I encourage Tucker to do more of those in fewer people. He, he agrees with, because I get kind of bored by the echo chamber stuff, and I think he's very, very good when he's debating people.


So, but It was very funny to listen to him be like, You know, oh, oh really? That's your thing. And then Ted Cruz goes a a little less snark and Tucker was, I'm sorry, got his back habit. So kind of charming on both ends. People, Yeah, I was like sitting across from somebody ha like fighting at a restaurant. I was like, oh, this is getting interesting. Now listen, but the thing about it I think is also this fracturing of the, the MAGA movement is if you look at Donald Trump's true social feed in the past 24 hours, you would, you would see somebody who, most of people, these people including Tucker, would probably call a NeoCon. I mean he was, oh my God, posting, Oh, Moynihan, did you see what just, just my producers just sent this to me. Uhoh including Jeb Bush.


Yes. Jeb Bush put out a, a tweet saying, president Trump's decision to neutralize Iran's regimes nuclear program is a watershed moment. It reasserts us strength restores, deterrence sends an unmistakable message to rogue regimes. The era of impunity is over my full statement here. And then Trump retweeted it saying thank you to Jeb Bush. Very much appreciated. Which is like What pigs They're flying. If some of you out there listening in Meg Kelly Lander getting your political education, I mean, don't remember 2016, go watch those exchanges between Donald Trump and J Bush where he is absolutely hammering him, particularly on the Iraq war, told him and his brother.


But this is the interesting thing about Trump. No one should be surprised by this. Who in Trump's cabinet, first time around this time around has not including JD V called him like Hitler and he does not care. He's like, if you're on my side now, great, we're good. He does not, I mean, it's one of his great qualities is that he doesn't hold these endless grudges, which I think is pretty, pretty fascinating. But he also tweeted this guy, this young American Jewish Instagram stars like a pro-Israel guy, like humiliating this woman in a kafi at like a pro-Palestine protest. That's something that you would be like, You know, I know Meghan, you, you listened to skeptically listen to and like the guys at the commentary podcast.


That's something that those guys would, would retweet. And I saw that on, on Trump's truth social today. There's a lot of stuff there that if you took that from all the people who have been trying to direct maga, like there's, I think, and, and one final thing, not to go on too long, but there's, there's two types of this. There's people who believe this is what MAGA is, and there are people who are d trying to direct maga. I think that's what Trump, that's what Tucker does. But there's a lot of people that say like, oh, he never, You know, no foreign wars. That's not what he's interested in. It's like, I think that's a fundamental misunderstanding of Trump and how Trump views American power. He does not want to start new foreign wars. He does not want an Iraq situation, but that does not mean that he's gonna, You know, let's dismantle the B twos.


Let's put all this stuff away. We don't need it. We have no business anywhere in the world. That's not how he sees the world. In the first administration, they went after Syria, they 75 tomahawk missiles into Syria. Yeah, it wasn't a huge war, but this was not, this was not some, You know, peacenik, they killed Soleimani and that was at the same time going to usher in the hell that all these people expected. I mean, Tucker said that this might, and again, we have to wait on, they said this will probably result in thousands of American deaths. So, I mean, I think Tucker is trying to directionally push MAGA somewhere, and I think he's had some success at that, but it kind of falling apart at the moment. And I think that there's other people who believe that, that, that MAGA has always been a kind of Lindbergh Taft old school Republican isolation movement.


Which it isn't. It just simply isn't. The evidence doesn't show that. I have to say I I know Tucker's against what's happening in the Middle East right now, and I understand it. He, he was right about Ukraine. Tucker was right about Ukraine. He took a lot of heat. That war has been lost for a long time. It's been stuck in this unsolvable in intransigence, and it needs to be ended. Trump's not wrong. There's just so much death on both sides. It, it just, we, we need to admit reality. I know you guys may feel differently, but I think Tucker was right about Ukraine. I do on that one, yeah. And deserves, yeah, but I think he deserves a a fair listen on his predictions though, again, don't make predictions about the Middle East 'cause just his folly for anybody. What do you guys make of it?


'cause it's not just Tucker, he's now warring with Laura Loomer, who's, oh God, You know, she's been out there attacking him and you, he, he fought back with Tucker and Levin are really, really going at it. He's both as good as they get it. And that is like, and then, then, then they both, not only do they argue their points when it comes to Israel, then they both one up each other on, on whether they actually love Trump. You know, like LA's bringing up those texts that were unearthed from Tucker that he sent somebody within Fox News after the election la in, in 2020 when he lost saying, I can't stand Trump and I can't wait until we can't, we don't have to talk about him every night.


Something for which I think Tucker did apologize to Trump. They made up, they definitely talk about, talked about those texts and Tuck and Tucker explained them and Trump was fine with everything Anyway, You know, you can see these two factions of the Republican party, Matt really fighting and the one that thought it had Trump is not winning. And the ones who hated Trump and were brought along kicking and screaming to vote for him over Kamala Harris are doing okay. They've had a couple setbacks, they'd like regime change, but they're, I mean, I heard my friends over at National Review praising Trump in a way, I, and commentary too. I, I try to get my news from everybody. So I I have all sides represented and it's been amazing to hear like the more dejected side that thought they had Trump as their isolationist buddy in their tone.


And then like the guys at Commentary like Con Eddie, he's on commentary. Like there's, they're elated Rich Lowy who I love. He's actually been fair to Trump. But he, he has a piece right now up on National Review called President Badass. I mean, it's like something's happening. Let's remember though that, You know, this is the same Trump, who was it two months ago? We certainly talked about on the show with you, Megan was in Saudi Arabia and he gave a speech that that exact same crew, the con wing was not so happy with where he called neocons out by name on foreign soil in Saudi Arabia, which I think last time I looked was the country from which 15 of the 19 hijackers on nine 11 came from.


And he used that as an opportunity to denounce the Bush family and the NeoCon wars and the nation building and all of this and saying that we are not sitting in judgment of all of you. We just want peace and et cetera. So there is always, You know, it's the whims of one very politically talented and interesting person. But when you, when you, when you do what you kind of understandably want Meghan, which is to tell Congress to go take a long walk off a short pier, you end up with one man deciding what things are. And that means I'm the decider Depend on depending on who he last talked to. So yes, it's a good day to be a artist formerly known as a NeoCon, but I predict that in the sooner rather than later, a future, that group of people, there's not gonna be a lot of Jeb exclamation point, no tweets in favor of Trump as he drops more F-bombs at Bibi Netanyahu as he says, look, this ceasefire is the most important thing, which is not what the most important thing is for Israel at all.


Yeah. As they figure out who gets to control the airspace under what terms, what America is going to allow and not allow in terms of the use of the American supplied weapons and network systems, which, You know, Israel needs American tacit support for. I think we're gonna be seeing a, a lot of different versions of what Trump's Middle East foreign policy is going to be and pushing for expanding the Abraham Accords into countries and doing, You know, making deals with countries in order to do that. And I think the Abraham Accords was a, a great triumph in his, in his first administration among the handful of the best things that that happened under him. So what does it mean now? Who gets next? And under what conditions, what is, what kind of deals are America, is America gonna do with Saudi Arabia to get them into the Abraham Accords?


I think Commentary magazine might not be as stoked a couple of months from, They might not love that. Yeah. So you say they're gonna be upset as he drops more f-bombs on Netanyahu and the corollary is fewer actual bombs on Iran. So that's probably the future. Camille, what do you make of it? 'cause this, I do think the internal war on the right is interesting. Of course the left is loving it. They're bathing in it, they're rubbing it all over themselves. They love the war. I don't know, I think it's healthy to have these, these debates. I don't think they need to get super personal and nasty. I'm not sure why they always have a tendency to do that. But I find it really fascinating to listen to the different positions. And I with, look, there's always a few exceptions who are just nutcases who are out there saying like, you should be impeached over this.


And then there's the people who always go to how evil the Jews are. Like those people I just write off and I try not to even mention them. I mean, it's not worth it. But like mainstream, smart invested America loving commentators are interesting to me. You know, they're interesting to me and, and I think we're learning from like the Tucker Ted debate, the Tucker Levin debate now, and some of the back and forth we've seen on X from lesser known players, but probably everybody who you, You know, everybody on this screen knows. Yeah. I think since the beginning of this administration, there's always been a lot of questions about how this very diverse cast of characters manages to get along with each other over the long run. And we certainly saw a lot of this consternation around the Elon Musk fallout and the just broader kind of tech bro faction of maga, which is a third kind of element of this story that a moment ago we were talking a lot about that things quieted down and now we have the, the kind of foreign policy tensions that have, that have come to the forefront as, as Welch pointed out, the fact that the president can give a speech that seems to point in one clear direction and then take an action that points in what seems to be the polar opposite direction makes it hard for any of these factions to think that they own him completely.


It probably does, I think, make people a little more reluctant to imagine that they can push the cart in one direction or another. So it'll be interesting to see if there's another opportunity for, say, Tucker Carlson to have to take a position publicly that is in sort of strident opposition to the president. I think a lot of Republicans have kind of had to hold their nose while supporting certain things like the great big beautiful bill, which, You know, is supposed to curtail spending, but also contains a hell of a lot of spending and doesn't really seem to be curtailing it. It's, it's been interesting to see how they've had to navigate all of these different tensions and how they've managed to survive them unscathed. Certainly if the current circumstance with Iran and Israel, if that manages to hold, that's great.


It certainly seems like we've kind of insulated ourselves from any kind of potential fallout from the strike, at least in the short run. But had things been protracted a bit longer, had there been more kind of looming questions about whether or not the United States would get deep, more deeply involved, then perhaps there'd be even more tension. But at the moment they seem to be weathering this storm and the folks are falling back in line. And I suspect that'll probably continue to be the case, irrespective of what happens going forward. Well, We, we'll see, I'm sure there'll be pulling out any day now on, on how Trump's doing. He going into this like, You know, like last Friday, he was, I think at 56%, he's crushing it in the polls right now, higher than Obama was at this point in his term.


He's definitely higher than Biden. Like his approval ratings have been extremely strong, higher than they ever were for Trump. We'll see whether this is increased or decreased the numbers, I think it's going to increase, even though people are not in favor of war with Iran and in advance of the dropping of the bomb, we're not in favor of dropping the bomb. So, but Trump is so transparent about everything and, and I I I think it's gonna go well. I just wanna say one of the thing, the Jeb Bush thing is, I, I have a personal connection to this because when he was running for president against Trump in 1516, he gave me his first interview, I believe we were at Liberty University, and we sat down and I asked him, knowing what we know now, would you have authorized the invasion of Iraq like your brother did?


And he said yes, and didn't say that it, You know, it was a mistake. And I mean, I I many people would later say at that point he, his, his candidacy was killed in its crib because that was the wrong answer. By 2016, it was very clear to most Americans by 2016 that the Iraq war was a mistake and that it shouldn't have been undertaken anyway, so then he went out on the presidential debate stage and Trump, You know, this outsider comes in from nowhere and starts hammering him on it. You should, you couldn't say it was a mistake. It was an obvious mistake. And Jet Bush was really caught there because he'd given me that terrible answer, which he tried to clarify a couple of days later saying he'd misunderstood me even though the question was super clear and it's his brother's war, so he doesn't wanna throw him under the bus and it's Trump.


So no one wanted to bend the knee to him and say this outside, weird guy with the weird hair, he's right and I'm wrong and my brother was wrong. So it was like, it was totally fraught. Obviously the war in a wreck was a big fat mistake. Alright, now you can take it anywhere you want. And it took j it took Jeb Bush, if you remember at the beginning of his announcement when he announced for president, took him five days, he went back, it was a mistake. It wasn't a mistake. Took him five days before his people told him what to say and he ultimately said it was a mistake. The war in Iraq, we spent $2 trillion, thousands of lives. We don't even have it. Iran is taking over Iraq with the second largest oil reserves in the world.


Obviously it was a mistake. I could care less about the insults that Donald Trump gives to me. It's blood sport for him. He enjoys it and I'm glad he's happy about it. But he's sick tired, 22 million. I'm sick and tired of him going after my family. While Donald Trump was building a reality TV show, my brother was building a security apparatus to keep us safe. And I'm proud of what he did. And he's had the gall to go after brother, the World Trade Center came down During brother he the gall to go after my mother. Remember that he's had the gall to go after my mother. That's not keeping us safe. Look, I won the lottery. And that really helped propel Donald Trump that debate and him hammering Jeb Bush straight to the nomination and then the presidency.


So it is kind of a remarkable full circle moment now to see Jeb Bush praising Trump for an aggressive military action in the Middle East and Trump accepting the compliment and, You know, sort of glad handing with now what is clearly a high energy Jeb. And where was that debate? It's important to to point out it was in South Carolina, a big military state of all places to go after the Bush family to go after John McCain, you're gonna do it in South Carolina. And, and Trump said Yes. F yes. I think that one of the things that annoys me most about some of these debates is the, the, the, You know, endless stupid use of the word NeoCon, which suggests that anyone who wants to have any military action or any military response to anything is a NeoCon.


So I don't think there's actually Yeah, I, or, or like a warmonger or the I, You know, when Tuckers, I really disagree with him that, that, You know, mark Levin enjoys when people blow up. That's what his like, You know, guiding ideology is watching people die in the battlefield. I think that this is both crazy and wrong, and I also think that Trump like acknowledges that he can go to Saudi Arabia and denounce neocons and neoconservatives and do what he he did in Iran and actually, You know, keep those two thoughts in his head at the same time. Mostly because when Tucker is on Emily's show, and congratulations to Emily, who's great on, on her new show and everyone should watch and listen.


I think that the thing that's when he brings up Iraq watching the way Matt did earlier, and I I did too, is that yeah, there's lessons to be learned from that, A million lessons to be learned from that. But I think that what, how Trump sees foreign policy as a NeoCon thing, or not a NeoCon thing, this specific thing. And again, we, you don't wanna get into a boring definitional argument about what a neoconservative is, but it's, it's that we can come in and, You know, create democracy. We can install things that people are just desperate in waiting for democratic institutions to be created by the Americans. What Donald Trump is saying, and Iran is that we're gonna blow up your nuclear facilities that are in Fordo under a mountain.


We're not gonna go in there and try to create a new parliament. We're not gonna try to come in and create elections. I think that's a very, very thing. We don't wanna stay, we don't wanna stay, we don't wanna be there at all. I mean, so the boots on the grounds is the thing that Iraq is all about. There's no threat. I think there's a 0% chance of boots on the ground. And Iran American totally agree. Nobody, no Americans would, I mean, as you pointed out, it's actually an important thing to point out that polling suggests that people weren't psyched about this. Mostly because there are a lot of people that aren't psyched about Trump in certain ways, particularly amongst Democrats. But if you look at the polling and our, our pal Harry Anton was breaking this down the other day amongst, and this shows you something about the supposed split between the kind of isolationists and the more traditional Republicans or so-called neocons.


That's a kind of Twitter debate in a lot of ways because if you look at the polling that Harry showed, it was like 75% of Republicans were on board with the, with the strikes on Iran's nuclear facilities. I don't know if those, if those polls how accurate they're, if they'll stay. But it suggests that, You know, the people that are not interested in neo-conservatism, not interested in American adventures in abroad or, You know, installing new governments are okay with what, what Trump did. Because Trump isn't acting like a neo-conservative in that traditional sense that we can can world. He doesn't sound like one, like, You know, if he were, You know, you'd have doesn't a different feel. He's just so direct on everything he is. He kind of, he, he doesn't try to hide anything.


It was like Hann said to me many years ago, the problem with Trump is not that he lies too much, it's that he tells the truth. Like it's all out there, just, You know, good, bad or ugly for, for the beholder. And he's been Reet Hannity all day. And Hannity is the, the one in, in the kind of Tucker universe who's, You know, one of the bad guys at Fox who's, who's pushing for war and Trump has been retweeting retting, whatever you say. Yeah. His stuff in the past 24 hours. So tells you something, Okay, we have to talk about the mayoral race and there's another thing we have to, I have talk about what's happened with the Supreme Court. I really hope I can get this in there as this crazy ass Boston judge tries to defy the US Supreme Court, he's about to get his ass handed to him. So I'll do them in that order because I really wanna get to the mayoral thing and that the other one can hold if we need it to, first of all, is it 110 degrees in New York City today?


It is 170 degrees. And Megan, and because of your audience, I want them to be happy. And I don't want them to hear the, the zooming and the buzzing of the, of the air conditioner. So I am literally in like a finish hot. Like it's the hot, I've never been as hot as I am right now. So if I say that we should bomb, You know, Alaska, just take it because it's hundred 10 degrees in New York. It's unbelievable. It, it's so hot. I mean I'm Albert Brook, I mean here down at the beach it's a lot. It's like 10 degrees cooler and it's, I don't know, low eighties here. But in New York. In New York, what is it today? It says it's gonna be what? A hundred degrees. Go ahead Matt. Yeah. And just Albert Brooks in broadcast news, You know, when he goes on tv Yes.


Flops Went All, It's all full continent map is gonna start to wave behind us. It's, and it's a great day to go out and vote for people who belong to the Democratic party. Thank God that's not me. But yeah, it's the Democratic primary today. I've seen pictures, actual pictures of people lining up enthusiastically ahead of time. Oh my to vote. Oof. What people need to understand about New York too is those concrete buildings hold the heat, right? Its like they do indeed. It's Like walking next to an oven, You know, it gives off heat and so just be standing there waiting to vote. And for what? For this democratic socialist, which is a nice way of softening socialist who Looks Like he's going to win.


I, we have to talk about this crazy guy. His name is Zoran Mo Ani, I keep messing up his last name. Yeah, I don't know. Momani Momani. And he is a strange man who wants a $30 minimum wage. It's, it's just over half that right now. He wants a $30 minimum wage. He wants no more police, he wants social workers instead he wants free bus rides, which would cost almost a billion dollars for New Yorkers. Or You know, somebody I don't know who's gonna pay that. He wants to make sure rent stabilized departments can't have any increase in their rent.


Not sure who's gonna pay for that either. He wants a lot of government handouts. He basically, when it comes to police and law and justice looks like Che Boudin the booted out of office DA in San Francisco. And when it comes to his philosophy on running a city when it comes to cops and social safety net and also just give giveaways, he looks like, just like Brandon Johnson in Chicago, he's terrifying. And the New York community pathetic as it is, just rolled over and let it have they rolled over. Charles Gasparino has a great piece in the post today in New York post about how these feckless m fers who run New York business, You know what a town, they're too afraid.


They're like, You know what, he's probably gonna win. So I have to keep my mouth shut 'cause I need to kiss the ring and, and have favors done for me. And this guy, according to the latest polls, is steamrolling toward the W today because if somebody doesn't get over 50% of the vote and it's between him and Cuomo, then they go, it's ranked choice. So they eliminate the lowest person on the list in terms of vote getter, vote getters, and all those people, whoever who vote for that person, their second choice gets their votes, which could put and is, is predicted to put this guy over the top, this Momani and Momani is such an odd duck. He wasn't born here. He was, I think he was born in Uganda and lived there for the first seven years and then came here.


But I mean, you come to a country at age seven and now you're 33. You sound like American. You don't sound like a Ugandan at that point. I mean it's been 25 years plus. But listen to him this hit today as he was doing an interview with, forgive me, I don't know who it was. Look like local news to me. And listen to what a faker this dude is with his e Kamala Harris in his switcheroos, NBC four's. Melissa Russo, listen to this Because I think that New Yorkers more than they hate a politician, they disagree with, they hate a politician. They can't trust On the subject of trust. You've adopted different speaking accents in different scenarios, But they go to their local bodega.


Is There one that's real and one that's affected? What I would say is, as any immigrant knows, having been born in Kampala, Uganda and then raised in South Africa and moving here when I'm seven years old, is there different parts of my life? Worldwide tour is a worldwide tour is a worldwide tour. Momani was talking about a worldwide press tour back when he was a rapper. Bring the fish, bring the rice in A new movie directed by His mother. Nepotism. And hard work goes a long way here in New York City. This is how I speak, this is how I am. Oh my God, if I is a real thing, it's A real thing I would get.


Do you think I'd get in trouble if I did his accent? Like if I was like in different shows I was this column I, well I do it on The Fifth Column actually. That's, that's but the best detail. Yeah. Another reason to tune in The best detail of that is like in the rap video directed by his mother, which is, which is really hot tracks that are dropping. I know Matt has about to say, I'll just say quickly that it is interesting today as you point out, Megan, it's 40,000 degrees in New York and it feels like Cuba and people are gonna go vote to make it more like Cuba in almost every way. And it's like super, it's super depressing. But yeah, there's, you missed a few ones.


Like where he was, he suggested using empty spaces in disused train stations. And I actually, I think some that are actually a used train station to house the homeless, which if You know anything about New York and you ride the subway in New York, as I do know that that's not a problem. That's already happening. And also the same thing is true about the, about the free buses because we have to make, the bus buses are already free. Nobody pays for the bus in New York and nobody pays for the subway. And one of the great things is like how incompetent and feckless the government in New York is. They've now spent billions of dollars to have this allied international, whatever the company is that provides guards there who don't do anything.


There's just a guy getting paid to watch people go through the subway and not pay for it every day. So I don't know where they think this stuff is gonna come from, where the money's gonna come from, who's gonna pay for it, free childcare, rent freezes. Like this is a collection of voodoo economics that every economist on earth knows doesn't work. So, so yeah, I mean if they, I have another, I have another objection. I don't think that's a Ugandan accent. Anyway, I that like an Indian accent to me worldwide tour it up World War tour. That's so he, it's cultural appropriation. He, on top of all the other problems, He's also an exploiter because remember that the Indians in Uganda, many Indians came from Uganda because in 1971 or 72, I mean, and the dictator, when he took over Uganda kicked all the Indians out.


And the reason being is they were about 1% of the population. They controlled like 60% of the wealth. 'cause there was a huge population of Indian doctors, et cetera. So that's why he, he is Indian and he was actually born in Uganda because in the sort of DSA democratic socialist view of the world, he was a horrible exploiter. So yeah, that's, that's so Do we have to give him a pass? I mean we have to give him a pass on that. But in, I don't give him a pass on that because he's an American who sounds like an American in every other interview he gives, right? Yes. It's only when he needs it. Like Kamala Harris have, You know, empathy man that Camille, You know how to curse. I mean, we're having, well It, it happens, but it doesn't usually happen in context where I'm doing media.


If I'm around family and everyone has the heavy patois, I might slip into it a little bit, but for the most part because they will ridicule me. 'cause I don't do it. Well, I, I I try my best to police it. I'm, I'm usually aware of it when it's happening though, point out. I don't make a conscious choice, but I at least know that I'm doing it. And I don't know, I think for both him and Kamala, you can kind of see the, the switch almost take place. You know, the context in which they're about to go into this particular style of oration for persuasive purposes. Camille, can I interrupt you? I, I frown on that. I can't deal with this lying on one of the greatest podcasts in America. It might be true that when you are amongst your Jamaican family Yeah.


You're like, oh, you li is it blood clot? And you do stuff like that, fine. But I have seen you Yeah. On the New York subway Yeah, yeah. In a different situation code switch into a different accent. Is that not true? Camille Foster, let's hear it. Where Let's hear it right now. I know that you don't, yeah. So if someone steps on your brand new Yeezys, well, yeah, well no, what are you gonna say, Camille? It's well, yeah, you want me to slip into my urban vernacular? Yeah. Right, I understand. Yeah, let's hear that. And, and and I do, I do has to do that sometimes. But that is under particular circumstances and it is not usually to confront someone who stepped on my shoes. Yeah. Sometimes it's to, to evade detection in circumstances.


Correct. Where I I would rather you not know that I'm very clean and articulate. Yes, yes. For people to call you like you are, you look like my uncle, my uncle Thomas. Like for instance, when I've heard people say that ve I've heard that. I've heard that before. I've never met the man, but I've heard you never met the man. Yeah. But there a lot of people To say you remind, you remind them She was voting. Yeah. Cross-examining. Camille, can we get a vote? Camille on mom? Donny's. Rapm. How is his, how, how is this rhyming over there? Well, well Matt, I was watching your face. Had you not seen the clips of him rapping before? No, No BS. Oh it's, it's so bad. It's so bad. But also terrible. I will say this Afrobeats, it's kind of a big thing and it is, it is interesting and there are great Afrobeats artists, but he is not one of them.


So it's good that he gave that career up. It's unfortunate that he decided to run for mayor. So. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. Wait, Steve Krakau wants us to, he wants us to take a look at another clip. I don't know what it is. Just roll it. Let's see. Oh No. Damn. Our future will not be different until we make a different choice. We have to fill out the entire ballot and do not rank Andrew Cuomo New York City. We need a new day. We deserve a chance. A New York city that centers working people, All centers. These Concepts are just ideas in the clouds. If we do not bring them home, Alex, God or mayor Leave you, leave them in the clouds.


Did you hear her doing the Obama thing? Like she does the Yeah, She's another code switcher. Yeah. Yeah. I was, I was waiting to see which one of those daff effects she was gonna bring. I, I expected the wise Latina, but we didn't get that in that particular habit. But You know what, I hate this idea of working people like the only people who work just do like jobs that don't pay very well and it's like manual labor. The rest of us don't work, we're not working people. But one of the things that, the reason I don't know about the rapm in his code switching is that I've been paying attention to his outrageously shitty ideas. And one of them, That's what makes you racist. Yeah. I don, well clearly because I don't want to give my money to the MTA to set on fire, which they already do.


But you see guys like John Katz Matis, who's like a perennial candidate in New York. He has a show on the, I think he owns W-A-B-C-W-A BBC and he owns, yeah, he owns EDI Supermarket. He had a comment the other day, which is true. He is been talking to his fellow rich people who definitely don't work 'cause they're not working people. And about, particularly in like the financial services industry, this stuff is portable man. They don't have, they don't have shops, they don't have like, You know, we have a store on the corner, can we move? Like they can move to Miami as so many people during, during very easily. Very easily. So I know you hate those guys, but it's your tax base and the number of people who say, well they gotta pay their fair share. Look who pays the taxes in New York City. And on top of it, people should know this, who don't, don't live in this.


As you point out, Meghan the best city on earth, but also they have worst at times too, is that we don't pay federal tax only. We don't pay state tax only. There's a city tax in New York, which is also punishing. And you increased that on people, the number people. Oh no, when I was there not working, we paid over 50% taxes easily. Yeah, of course. Between federal, state, city. Then they lo on extra taxes. Like just if you're rich enough, just like extra random fees that you have to pay, that's an additional like your rent tax and all that. Like they, there is so much taxation already in New York. So much. Yeah. And people are fleeing. They've already been fleeing. I, there's only so many people Ron DeSantis can house. I just, I'm not sure what the plan is Here Because I Love using the Ve so we'll watch.


He has to house. We'll we'll see. How about the center, You know, how we hate platform. Isn't centering also equally annoying? My god, worst verb. Ugh, it's not a verb stop there. You can't, they make fun of rich people for saying they summer places, right? Yes. Centering is worse than summering. Okay. Years Ago we, we knew this family and the, and the woman who was like, we, we, we saw these boats lined up and we're like, oh wow, that's, that's really cool. It's like this big motorboat and she goes, I prefer a sailing vessel. That's same kind of person who's uses the term center of, I'm glad you mentioned Brandon Johnson in Chicago, Meghan, because it's a, it's a good example.


I think that Momani is trying to Chicago, New York where really, really awful democratic and democratic socialist governance treats an existing, You know, great city. Chicago's a wonderful city that still throws off a lot of wealth. They just treat it as something to act as a predator on. Like, okay, cool, we've got a guaranteed revenue stream. I'm going to get more of it, use it to accumulate power and use it to enrich my buddies in usually in some kind of public sector union context. And in the process you're going to have levels of debt and obligations to pensions. People are going to run fleeing because the combined taxation of the place is just insane.


That's what's happening here. It's what hap what's happening to way, way, way too many large cities in this country. I know there's a couple of guys out with a book called the Abundance Agenda. You know, trying to, to convince democrats to be more, I don't know, useful on like, have public policy tethered to results. Yeah. And they're getting tons of pushback by the way, from, from the left. Like, how dare you, how dare you say the government work. It's a, a really bad sign that there is a large number of people in New York who look at a guy who's never worked a day in his life as far as I can tell in the private sector. Yeah. Aside mom, He's been working for his mother. Rap, Rap, rapping, his hard work there, rap come on that Rap, his mom peace.


My kids do that in front of me all the time. I had no idea it was an actual job Turn that I, I wanna say this back to the Tucker Ted Cruz debate. Tucker said, and he said this many times, like, I want my country to be nice. You know, he, he's, he was talking with him about how disgusting Washington DC is back to my JFK thing. You know, like, it is true. You have a lot of moments, sadly, if you live in a blue state in particular where you look around and you're like, Ew, what's this is disgusting. How is there this much trash on the way to the airport? Where are the, where are the sanitation workers? You know, it's, it's like a, a slow crumble that we're seeing in blue controlled cities in often blue controlled states. But it can happen in red controlled states too. Usually it happens in the blue controlled cities of those states.


And this is why like Tucker wants us to take the money we gave to Ukraine and spend it on, You know, America. I just don't believe that if the Federal Congress to kept the money that we gave to Ukraine, I don't believe they'd well spend it. I don't believe they'd clean anything up. I feel like it'd be somehow it would wind up in Nancy Pelosi's next mansion. However, I do think local leaders are to blame and that's why it's so upsetting to see this happen in New York City. Like we just keep electing far left Democrats who are ruining the country. They're ruining the country with their terrible open border policies and leftist economic policies. Mayor Bill de Blassio ruined New York.


He ruined it. We were thriving under Giuliani and then Bloomberg who was a Republican slash independent and then, You know, he called himself an independent then eventually not, but, and my point is, they were right-leaning. And that's really the solution to Tucker's problem and our problem. We need responsible fiscal leadership in there. We need people who understand what that kind of taxation will do to the actual money earners. They will flee there. It's a free country. You can go to other states and this guy Ani, is exactly the opposite of what we need. Who has a very good shot of taking over as the mayor of our, our biggest and one of our best cities. Go ahead. This is why the Bannons of the world drive me crazy when, You know, you can, I like debates within the Republican party as we're talking about, particularly when it comes to foreign policy.


And, but people like Steve Bannon who are democratic socialists in their own way, they, You know, hate the, the financial industry. That's fine. Trump has been skeptical of them too. But the idea that New York City needs more money is insane. It's completely ridiculous. All you have to look at is focus in on the MTA, which is the transit authority that runs the buses and the subways and the trains, and then go to a place that has insanely high taxation like Sweden and ride those subways and trains and be like, wow, this is amazing. You do not get that feeling flying into Orlando Airport in Stockholm that you got Meghan flying into JFK. It's like we are in, we have these like strangle holds of the MTA union.


And You know, you look at these people, there's a, a story the New York Times did like five or six years ago, maybe even longer, that was really good reporting about the insanely inflated salaries of everybody who works at entry. I mean they're like a couple hundred thousand dollars salaries for just like these, these not very impressive jobs. Look at the second Avenue subway. How long has it taken to try to build the second Avenue subway? What are we on 50 years now? I'm not even joking. It's like insane. Like it's not as if the money is not there. There is bureaucracy, there is like union truculent, union members and union bosses. It's impossible to get anything done in the city. Buy an apartment and say, I've never bought an apartment in the city Camille has and try to get anything done. 'cause there's layers and layers and layers of red tape.


Oh God forbid layers. God forbid you need a Layers of government. Does government's the problem here, it's not money. My recommendation to anyone if you want a, an easy comp is first look at a chart of the average level of taxation or government expenditure in Florida and in New York state, don't even like use New York City, although they have the extra income tax. Florida and New York state. It's, it's completely lopsided. Next, get into your car in both places and drive for two hours starting in New York City and you can take it upstate, starting in Miami, take it anywhere. The roads in Florida are great. Highways are fantastic. You can take high-speed train in Florida, believe it or not. And in New York soon, especially when you cross into the border of New York City, your tires are going to be shredded after driving for like 30 minutes.


They haven't fixed any road as far as I can tell. They've just done construction forever, but they haven't fixed anything. That's right. Or for decades. And You know what's so annoying too? Is it you, it wasn't always like this, like when I lived in Chicago in the mid 1990s, they had, they were under Democrat rule, it was Bill Daley and he was a fairy famous, well-known mayor. You know, Daley was like responsible for Chicago and it was, you could eat off the sidewalks, it was so clean. But the Democrat party has lost its mind and doesn't understand what to prioritize anymore. They're much more worried about pronouns and putting the homeless people, taking them out of the subway car and putting them on the subway platform as a real solution than they are about real, real solving real people's problems.


So that that's, that's what needs to happen happen. De better leadership in the cities and the states. Standby gonna take a break and then I have one subject I need to discuss with you guys and it's not the Supreme Court thing. I'll get to that tomorrow. It's a tweet I sent out this morning. Standby.


Let's talk about that car you own. But do not use the one you're paying to keep registered and insured. That's just taken up space out front. It's an eyesore just sitting there doing no one any good. You do have a choice. You can give cars for kids. That's cars with a k, a call and have them take care of this for you. Just give them the info and they will come to you as soon as the next day and take that car off your hands at no cost to you. Even better. They will turn that car into funds to help children. So visit cars for kids.org/ MK. That's cars with a K. Then the number four to donate or call cars for kids directly at 1 8, 7, 7 cars for kids. And they will get that car picked up really quickly. Plus you can get a tax deduction and a vacation voucher. These guys have been around for 30 years, they've done this over a million times. They know what they're doing. Call now or head on over to cars for kids.org/ MK right now and get this done. That's cars for kids.org/ MK. Remember, cars with a K?


Have you heard of Caralluma? It's an edible cactus that grows in India and it can be a natural appetite suppressant. Caralluma is just one of the natural ingredients doctors added to a weight loss supplement called Lean. If you have a bold summer weight loss goal, but injections are not for you, here's what the doctors who formulated Lean have to say. They say the supplement is close to the benefits of those popular injections and like injections. Lean was created to help maintain healthy blood sugar and help control appetite and CRA cravings. But those who created Lean say the rare ingredients in Lean are also designed to help burn fat by converting fat into energy. And of course no needles. They say it's a healthier way to lose weight. By capturing the power of natural ingredients, give it a try with 20% off by using the code MK twenty@takelean.com. That's code MK twenty@takelean.com. These statements have not been evaluated by the FDA. This product is not intended to diagnose, treat, cure, or prevent any disease and is not a substitute or alternative for care from a healthcare provider.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual


Springs here. Flowers are blooming. Birds are singing and allergies. Yeah, they're back too sneezing, watery eyes when they hit, you need a tissue fast. That's where Kleenex ultra soft tissues comes in. Whether you're at home or on the go. Kleenex, ultra soft tissues have you covered Allergist approved Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues are gentle on your eyes and nose So you can power through allergy season without missing a beat. Because while allergies are unpredictable, staying prepared is easy for whatever happens Next, grab Kleenex.


I'm Megan Kelly, hosts of The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch The Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free. Offer. Details apply.


Are you guys practicing your accents without me? Whatcha talking? Don't talk. Megan, are we on the air? I can't do accents. The only accent I can do well is is just drunk accent. I, he just, That's because you're an It's fine. It's because I spent so many years covering Kamala Harris, so I nailed it. I don't know if we're in the air because if we were I would do a lot of accents, but I can't. We are. Let's hear it. Yeah, you gave me one, two and back on. Let's go. You have to subscribe to The Fifth Column 'cause not the fee episodes. I don't even do them. You have to pay to get me canceled. I Feel like you did one. What was your, do you have like a favorite that you've done?


'cause you've definitely done one for me that I liked. I can't remember what it was My, I mean Jesse Jackson is a fan favorite. Jesse Jackson's a fan favorite. Yeah. My, my daughter always asked me to do an Indian accent, but she once did an Indian accent 'cause she loves The Simpsons and she was like seven years old and I said, darling, you cannot do that accent in her response. I swear to God one of the funniest, I knew that my daughter was the best. She looks at me and she said, Papa y that's how they talk. And I said, well, yes, that is true, but you just can't. I don't know why I don't make the rules. I'm just trying to No, but you did a right, a very good job. Very good job. Yes. Yeah, The Moynihan Melania accent is A I do.


Oh yes. Accent. I don Let's hear a little that, That's my favorite. The Melania one accent is not a real accent. It's always like, if there's like Melania's doing some, You know, fundraiser and she'd be, I love the children. They're so, and it's not based on Melania, it's just a totally No, it doesn't sound anything like her. Nothing. Nothing. You, well the best one is when Baron the video of him as a child. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. Where sounds slo exactly like her because his father clearly has never talked to him. So I love that when he's, when he's saying like, mommy, where is my suitcase? I love that video so Much.


It's so great. It's so fantastic. Yeah. Ma Meia obviously was very, very a attached to Baron and was a great Yes and is a great mom. We, we, I love, we quote her all the time with our kids. This is from some interview they gave and how they talk to Baron, but we quote them all the time at the dinner table. It happens almost once a night. Small bites, barren, small bites. Barren. This is Trump and Melania. I guess he kept saying that to him because like most teenage boys or young boys, he is like trying to shovel the whole thing in his face. Small bites, barren. I say it to all three of my kids 'cause they're also big biters of food. Okay. I needed to discuss this very important tweet I sent out that has gotten some hilarious responses.


So I'm at the beach for the summer and we're in a rental, it's a long story, but our house had to have some renovations. And this is now the second summer that we had to be in a rent a rental because this Reno is taking forever. So we're in a rental and the rental doesn't come with any linens. So you, we, you get here, there's nothing, there's, there's no sheets. We're, we're here for two months. There's no sheets, there's no beds. I mean there's beds but there's no comforters and there's, there's no towels. Which I'm sure somebody told me in advance and then I just forgot. But anyway, it's mom's house. So, so I'm running around getting linens, getting like, You know, all the stuff that you need and I go to Target.


Thankfully there's a target. So I go to the Target and I decided to get a little rug for the bathroom because the bathroom floor is too cold and I like the bathroom floor to have a little heat on it. And so I bought a little area rug. I went a little crazy at Target. I'm not gonna lie, it's not the prettiest rug I've ever seen. I'm gonna show you a picture of it, but it's fine. It's a rental and it was cheap. It was like 25. No, not this show. The picture of the actual rug. Standby. It was like $25. It was relatively inexpensive for a, a big rug. Okay, there it's, eh, can you see it Okay? It's fine. That terrible right? It's fine. It's not terrible. Sure it's fine for a few months then I'm sure we can find a place for it after that.


But I get it home and I'm pulling all the tags off of it and I take a look at the one tag and it, it caused me some alarm fellas because it reads as follows, fiber colon made of miscellaneous scraps of undetermined fiber content. What's that? Miscellaneous human scraps Hair, Undetermined fiber con fiber contact. What are you hiding? Yeah. Wait, where what there is it made? Where's it made In India. Oh, It says made in India. Yeah. Have you seen slum dog millionaire?


Maybe watch that movie. Yeah, I'm concerned. Then It it says vacuum regularly. Do not use beater brush blot spills promptly spot clean with mild cleaning solution. Do not bleach professional rug cleaning. Now what does that mean? Do have a professional rug cleaning or vacuum re I don't understand what, what is in the scraps Makes it don't use beaker brush. That's, And I have to tell you Would advice because it'll fall apart, is that if you hit it with a stick, will it just combust? But I have to tell you something very bad. Very bad. I was standing on it doing my makeup and my feet started to itch.


Yeah, something's in the rug. Yes. Do You know why they use the word undetermined? 'cause they don't know what it is. So maybe put it out on You're in New Jersey, you right. Just put it out on the beach. Just put it as someone take it. Yeah, just I don't think I can keep the rug do you? No. Get rid of $25. I'm send, You know, it's buy like a nice, you can by the way, when the reno is done, Megan, you can take the nice one and bring it to the new one. You don't have to buy the cheap garbage one. That occurred to me too late. I I did. I think, I think there's a possibility. Runs are portable. There's a possibility that, that what's going on is that it's recycled fibers, in which case they would actually combine a bunch of stuff and Well, you Don't see that warning anywhere else where you get recycled stuff.


Well maybe it's the, I don know the tariffs. They have to label this stuff as what, what it is. 'cause it's, I'm telling you clearly like they're like, like Indiana Fingers and toes are in my rug. Well that seems like a strong possibility. Dark. Yeah, I know. I bet the rug's gotta go. I like, not only am I having allergic reaction, I'm allergic to penicillin. Do you think there's penicillin in there? Why are my feet itching when I'm standing on it with naked feet? Something I have very wrong. Where the craziest things, Megan is that you're still questioning whether you should get rid of the rug. Yeah, I it's labeled Hassle to get there. Don't cost ball. Don't, don't breathe close to rug. That's not, you don't want that. Maybe Ill send it to you guys. Could we get a rotation?


It could, it could be like on a visiting, You know how the museum sends out a museum piece? We could set everybody could have a week with it and then the next time you're on we could, we could debrief. You think it's How we it us more than two weeks? I No, no. We would, we would, we would frame it, we would mount it, frame it and we would put it up in the new studio. That is what's gonna happen. Why don't you have an auction for this? Let's do an auction for this rug and whoever get he gave the money to charity or buy I don. That's a great idea. Megan. Rug Should come with the warning though. Do do not mount it. Don't mount it. Yes. It's Probably another aggressive says don't send through the mail. So maybe don't don'ts. Have a, I don I don't feel like I'd get through TSAI don't, I'm not sure. But there's something deeply wrong with my rug. I just thought you guys could help me diagnoses and I, I think we've come to a conclusion.


It needs to go. It needs to go. Go guys. Thank you. You think so? Thank you. It was a pleasure. As it always is. And we'll see you after we know which terrible person is running New York. Right? Sounds good. Alright, stay cool. Bye. All right, thanks Megan. Bye. Thank you. And thanks to all of you for listening today. The guys from The Fifth Column never disappoint tomorrow. Tune in. We've got Charlie Kirk. That'll be fun too, right? He's one of the MAGA faithful. What does he think of the whole Civil war inside of the Republican party. Lots to discuss. We'll talk to you then. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS No agenda And no fear.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school as usual Springs here flowers are blooming. Birds are singing and allergies. Yeah, they're back too sneezing, watery eyes when they hit, you need a tissue fast.


That's where Kleenex ultra soft tissues comes in. Whether you're at home or on the go. Kleenex, ultra soft tissues have you covered Allergist approved Kleenex. Ultra soft tissues are gentle on your eyes and nose So you can power through allergy season without missing a beat. Because while allergies are unpredictable, staying prepared is easy for whatever happens next, grab Kleenex.