
Worried about what ingredients are hiding in your groceries. Let us take the guesswork out. We're Thrive Market the online grocery store with the highest quality standards in the industry. We restrict 1000 plus ingredients so you can trust that you'll only find the best high quality, organic, and sustainable brands all free of the junk. With savings up to 30% off and fast carbon neutral shipping, you get top trusted groceries at your door and you can stop worrying about what your kids get their hands on. Start shopping@thrivemarket.com slash podcast for 30% off your first order and a free gift.


Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Friday, June 6th, 2025, and this is your AM Update OMG. Elon and I had a great relationship. I don't know it well anymore. Thermo nuclear war between Elon Musk and President Donald Trump. Was it always bound to happen? The Supreme Court Ruling unanimously that members of a majority group, like white or straight people do not have to meet a higher burden of proof to bring a discrimination claim. Whoever used the auto pen was the president and that is wrong. It's illegal. Sean Diddy Combs getting a serious warning from the federal District court judge and President Trump orders an investigation into who was really running the Biden White House.


All that and more coming up in just a moment on a crazy AM Update.


If there's something all of us can believe in, it's hard work. Self-reliance and showing up for the people who count on us. And I wanna tell you about Beam's. Dream Powder Beam is proudly founded in America and run by people who value hard work, integrity and delivering results. It's a healthy nighttime blend packed with science-backed ingredients shown to improve sleep so you can wake up refreshed and feeling ready to take on the day. Beam is made with a powerful blend of all natural ingredients. Magnesium, melatonin and more Beam is made right here in America with ingredients they say will help you fall asleep, stay asleep, and wake up ready to produce results. Beam is giving you the ultimate patriot discount of up to 40% off. Try their bestselling dream powder and get up to 40% off for a limited time. Go to shop Beam dot com slash Megan, then use code Megan at checkout. That's shop BEA m.com/megan and use code Megan for up to 40% off. Sleep better, wake up stronger and show up ready for your family, your work and your country.


Well, it's over for now. The Elon Musk President Trump romance imploding amid fallout from the big beautiful Bill, the former first buddies on Thursday, trading blows over social media in an explosive back and forth that would make even mean girls Regina George Blush. That Is the Ugliest effing skirt I've ever seen Since leaving the White House seven days ago. On glowingly positive terms, Musk attacking Trump's big beautiful bill on X, slamming it as a quote, mountain of disgusting pork and abomination on Thursday. Musk reposting many of President Trump's decades old tweets, lambasting budget deficits and raising the debt ceiling limit something.


The big beautiful bill also does. President Trump responding to the criticism from the oval. I've always liked Elon and it's always very surprised, You know, Elon's upset because we took the EV mandate And you know, which was a lot of money for electric vehicles. Elon knew this from the beginning. He knew it for a long time ago. That's been in there. That's been, I would say jd, that hasn't changed. That's been right from the beginning. I can understand why he's upset Elon and I had a great relationship. I don't know if we will anymore Going on to accuse Elon of suffering from acute Trump hatred upon leaving the White House. He's not the first. People leave my administration and they love us and then at some point they miss it so badly and some of them embrace it and some of 'em actually become hostile.


I don't know what it is. It's sort of Trump derangement syndrome, I guess they call it Tesla stock. Taking a sharp dive immediately following those remarks, Musk responding on x quote, without me, Trump would've lost the election. Dems would control the house and Republicans would be 51 49 in the Senate. Such ingratitude President Trump firing back in a pair of truth social posts. Elon was wearing thin. I asked him to leave. I took away his EV mandate that forced everyone to buy electric cars that nobody else wanted that he knew for months I was going to do And he just went crazy. The easiest way to save money in our budget is to terminate Elon's governmental subsidies and contracts.


Musk then dropping this bomb on x. Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That is the real reason. They have not been made public. Have a nice day. DJ t Elon retweeted with the endorsement. Yes. Another post in which Ian Miles Chong wrote, quote, president versus Elon, who wins, my money's on Elon Trump should be impeached and JD Vance should replace him. Elon telling lawmakers on X, wondering with whom they should side. Trump has 3.5 years left as president, but I will be around for 40 plus years. The Senate aims to vote on the big beautiful bill by July 4th. Who knows what the state of the Trump Elon relationship will be at that point on Thursday.


The US Supreme Court Ruling unanimously that members of a majority group, like white or straight people do not have to meet a higher burden of proof when bringing discrimination claims in court. The case centering around Marlene Ames, a straight woman working for the Ohio Department of Youth Services. AIMS began working for the department in 2004. She received positive reviews and multiple promotions throughout her career. In 2019, Ames interviewed for a new management position, but lost the job to a lesbian woman whom aims believed to be les qualified. Shortly after that, Ames was demoted from her current role, a move resulting in a $40,000 pay cut. A much younger gay man was later hired to fill the vacancy created by Ames demotion.


Ames filing a lawsuit against the agency in 2020 under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, claiming she was discriminated against due to her sexual orientation. The fact that she was straight. The Federal District court in Ohio dismissing the case without a trial saying AIMS had not shown background circumstances supporting the suspicion that the defendant is that unusual employer who discriminates against the majority. The Sixth Circuit Court of Appeals affirming the decision and tossing out the case, noting the people who made the employment decisions were also straight on Thursday in a nine to zero Ruling for aims, the high court Ruling quote, the background circumstances rule improperly imposes an additional burden on plaintiffs who are members of a majority group when bringing discrimination claims to court.


Justice Kanji Brown Jackson writing in her opinion for the court by establishing the same protections for every individual without regard to that individual's membership in a minority or majority group, Congress left no room for courts to impose special requirements on majority group plaintiffs alone. Justice Clarence Thomas in a concurring opinion noting this decision, quote obviates the need for courts to engage in the sorted business of dividing people by race or other protected traits. The Supreme Court remanding the case back to the lower court for further proceedings. President Trump signing a travel ban barring entry from 12 nations and restricting entry from an additional seven set to take effect on Monday.


The countries under the ban include Afghanistan, Iran, Libya, and Somalia. The ban lays out several exceptions. For example, Afghans who assisted the US military and athletes participating in the 2028 Olympic Games. According to the President's proclamation, the countries on the list do not have adequate vetting and screening processes to assess a proper background check. The proclamation also stating quote, many of these countries have also taken advantage of the US in their exploitation of our visa system and their historic failure to accept back their removable nationals. President Trump announcing the ban Wednesday from the oval. The recent terror attack in Boulder, Colorado has underscored the extreme dangers posed to our country by the entry of foreign nationals who are not properly vetted as well as those who come here as temporary visitors and overstay their visas.


We don't want 'em in the 21st century. We've seen one terror attack after another, carried out by foreign visa overstayers from dangerous places all over the world, and thanks to Biden's open door policies very simply, we cannot have open migration from any country where we cannot safely and reliably vet and screen those who seek to enter the United States. President Trump there referencing the Colorado terror attack allegedly carried out by an Egyptian national who overstate his visa. Though Egypt is not on the ban country's list, the first Trump administration issuing several versions of a travel ban, each met with legal challenges until the third version was upheld by the US Supreme Court on the grounds that the text of the ban was based on national security grounds rather than religious criteria.


Democrat reaction to the Trump 2.0 travel ban much more muted than under the first administration this time around. Rather than calling it an existential threat to democracy, Dems calling it a distraction from the Republicans. Big beautiful budget bill battle. This is what demagogues have done all throughout time, is to divide us from each other, make us feel like we need to be fighting ourselves while on the side they're stealing from us. Mr. Trump is looking for distractions from, for example, his big bad bill that seems to be going down in popularity here thanks to his former co-president, Elon Musk. It's a combination of this effort to to push forward with this great replacement theory as well as just to distract from what's really going on, which is a revolt against his terrible reconciliation bill that cuts taxes for billionaires and increases our deficit by two and a half trillion dollars.


Legal challenges to President Trump's latest travel ban are expected coming up, President Trump orders an investigation into a possible conspiracy among certain Biden staffers to usurp the presidency for themselves. And the judge in the Sean Diddy Combs case warns the defendant. He could be kicked out of his own trial. If certain behavior continues,


Father's Day is coming up. Let's celebrate all the great dads out there who have had such a positive influence on our kids and our nation. Wanna celebrate a special dad? How about brightening his day by giving him a gift of Riverbend Ranch stakes? Riverbend Ranch has been recognized by the team at certified Angus Beef as having some of the finest quality black Angus beef in America. The difference in quality and flavor is not by accident. For the last 35 years, the Riverbend Ranch has been raising black Angus cattle with a focus on flavor and tenderness carefully sorting the genetics to produce the absolute best quality beef and they raise their beef the old fashioned way without artificial growth hormones and without antibiotics. Riverbend Ranch is all about quality. Last year, the engineering news record named the Riverbend Ranch Beef Processing Facility as the best manufacturing facility built in the US in 2024. Exceptional American beef grown and processed in America for a very special Father's Day. Order directly from Riverbend Ranch dot com. Use the promo code Megan and that will get you 20 bucks off your first order. Riverbend Ranch dot com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N, President Trump on Wednesday, ordering an investigation into whether there was a conspiracy to deceive the public about President Biden's mental fitness and unlawfully take presidential powers for themselves.


President Trump's order, specifically citing the use of the auto pen to sign clemency and pardon proclamations writing quote, just two days before Christmas in 2024, the White House announced that Biden commuted the sentences of 37 of the 40 most vile and monstrous criminals on federal death row, including several child killers and mass murderers. In March, the Heritage Foundation publishing a report finding quote, we conclude that individuals in the Biden administration other than the president, appear to have used a device called an auto pen to affix the President's signature onto some of the most controversial clemency warrants of his presidency throughout the Biden presidency, the Biden Autopen signing executive orders, judicial nominations, and more.


According to the report, President Trump commenting on the investigation Thursday The Autopen, I think is the big scandal outside of the rigged election of 2020. I think the biggest scandal of the last many years is the auto pen and who's using it? I happen to think, I know. I'm sure that he didn't know many of the things. Look, he was never for open borders. He was never for transgender for everybody. He was never for men playing in women's sports. I mean, he changed. I mean all of these things that that changed so radically. Essentially, whoever used the auto pen was the President and that is wrong. It's illegal. It's so bad and it, it's so disrespectful to our country.


A statement attributed to former President Biden and given to news outlets reads as follows. I made the decisions about the pardons executive orders, legislation and proclamations. Any suggestion that I didn't is ridiculous and false. The judge and the Sean Diddy Combs case issuing a warning about Diddy's courtroom behavior. The judge telling the defense on two occasions during alleged victim Brianna bongo's testimony, he saw combs looking at the jury and nodding vigorously, it is absolutely unacceptable. It cannot happen again. The judge reminding the defense that he already warned against combs making any facial expressions toward the jury.


The judge telling defense attorney Mark Aglo, if it happens again, he will consider removing combs from the courtroom for the duration of the trial. In the afternoon. Another alleged victim of Combs taking the stand testifying under the pseudonym, Jane Jane's allegations central to two of the charges facing combs, sex, trafficking, and transportation to engage in prostitution. Jane testifying to meeting combs on a November, 2020 trip to Miami. Quote. He was really charming, really nice, and I was already drawn to him pretty instantly. In January, 2021, Jane testifying to meeting combs again in Miami, the first date lasting five days. The following month, the pair went on a trip to Turks and Caicos for her birthday.


Jane testifying that Combs gave her a bracelet that read love. He also gave her ecstasy About 10 times throughout the trip, Jane testifying that in May, 2021, Combs asked her about inviting another man into the relationship. Jane agreed. Then Combs called a man that night. Initially, Jane attesting to feeling exhilarated by the encounter. Quote. I felt excited. I was happy it was taboo, it was fun. She believed it would just be something they did on random occasions she said, but quote, I truly felt that that night just opened like a Pandora's box in the relationship. It just completely set the tone for our relationship moving forward. She said these encounters, which have been referred to by others as freak offs, but which she and Diddy called debauchery or Hotel Nights became 90% of their relationship.


Jane testifying to telling Combs verbally and in writing repeatedly that she did not want to have sex with other men. But quote, I feared losing him. I just wanted to be everything that he wanted. Jane testifying that Combs would give her money in amounts ranging from 5,000 to $10,000. She said he made clear that without the freak offs or debauchery, the relationship would end. The trial resumes later today with more testimony from Jane, who is expected to be on the stand for several more days. And that'll do it for a busy AM Update. I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for The Megyn Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at New East on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly, and on all podcast platforms


On chumba casino.com. Gaming hits different. Chumba Casino is the online social casino with over 100 games that you can play for free anytime, anywhere. Join today for your free welcome bonus and free daily logging bonuses and play. For your chance to redeem some serious prizes, visit chumba casino.com. Let's chumba. No purchase necessary. VGW Group void. Were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.