
There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show New battleground State polling release today from multiple outlets reveals the race between former President Donald Trump and Vice President Kamala Harris. Is this Tight? It's a Super tight. Oh, it's as tight as ever. How could it be so tight But? it is. The Washington Post shows, Pennsylvania, Pennsylvania. Whatcha doing essentially tied while the latest New York Times Sienna Poll has Harris up for in Pennsylvania.


But that remains unchanged from last month. So it's not like a bump. Most of these within the ar margin of error, we don't know what's gonna happen. That's the bottom line. There appears to be zero debate bump for Kamala Harris. Maybe like a sny tiny grain of salt. I mean like it's really nothing. And on the campaign trail, president Trump held a huge rally in New York. What's he doing in New York? New York, new York's not in play. What's happening? Plus an appearance on the comedy news show Gutfeld, which is so fun. Love Greg Gutfeld while Harris unveiled a new accent.


Yes. She's Latina now. Or is it la TX while speaking to members of the Congressional Hispanic Caucus, we're gonna get to it all and much more today with the fellas from the Ruthless program, Josh Holmes, Michael Duncan, John Ashbrook, and the man known to his minions as comfortably smug. There's really 1 trillion bucks of infrastructure and pandemic funds yet to be spent. That's right. A massive amount of money that the lame duck administration is pushing hard to spend in their last few months. If the president's able to push these funds out, we could see another prolonged inflation surge just like we did during Covid.


But there's hope A gold IRA from Bridge Gold Group can be an inflation hedge for your savings in uncertain times. To see how to protect your IRA or four 401k. Get your free info kit on gold by texting the word MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 birch gold makes it seamless to roll over your retirement account while preserving your tax advantage status. Don't wait for the president's spending spree to potentially tank the dollar further. Protect your financial future. Now text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Birch Gold.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Oh, thanks for having us, Megan. Great to be back. Great to see you. So much goodness in store for you. She's La Tinks Now I don't Are you aware of Kamala Harris' La Tinks? Let's just look at that. We'll start there. It's as good as places as any so three to kick things off. Oh, It's good to see so many friends. I love you back. She Smells like hilarious Baldwin. Why does She do this? Why, why? You know, I'll tell you what I think she's an actress. She's playing a part. She, we don't know who this person is.


You cannot trust her. We don't know how she'll legislate or how she'll behave or who she is or what's at her core. So she's just this chameleon who changes in front of whatever audience she's before. And that's really scary because there will be very strong, powerful people around her should she get in the White House pushing their agendas on her. And we have no clue who those people are. What do you guys make of it? Yeah, I mean, look, I I think it's like the was the old culture club song. The comic comma, comma chameleon. I mean that's basically what she's got going on. And, and the funny thing is, is you put her in any crowd and she basically just tries to reflect back what it is that they want to hear. Right. But the problem is she's not even really very good at that.


And we were talking about this on the, our show this morning is every question, it doesn't matter. She puts about four sentences together to buy time. You know? And what did you say d It was like the, the verbal equivalent of Yeah. It's like trying to fill the word count on a term paper. Yeah. But it, it, it is sort of unclear. And the longer this all goes on, I'm more unsure than ever is like whether she is a communist and what she said in 2019 is what she actually believes or whether she's a nihilist and she literally will just say anything. 'cause she believes nothing. And that's really the scariest thing. Yeah, I think, I mean, look, it might be a combination. She certainly will do absolutely anything to get her a little further down the road.


Right. And if it means trying to consolidate base democratic constituencies, she's gonna be what she wants to be. She has to win a general election. All of a sudden, all the positions she's taken over the last 15 years, we're not even gonna answer about it. Yeah. I mean you gotta respect at least the brazenness of it all. It is pretty, yeah. It's like she's a true politician's politician. She is like the anti-Trump. Like Trump is very bad at being a politician sometimes when he needs to be like he, he is who he is and he's gonna tell you exactly what he thinks. That's why people love about him. Yeah. And she's the inverse of that. Yeah. You had yesterday Kamala Harris to the NABJ. When you are bestowed with a microphone, there is this concept of public trust to then understand what the public trust means.


It means that you have been invested with trust. And I will give you today's edition of the Kamala Harris Inanity in so four, But don't necessarily have the resources to do everything their child needs. I grew up understanding the children of the community or the children of the community. I mean, you're right, you're right. It's so bad. I mean, look like it, it's so bad that it really does feel like it's a fictional comedic set. Yeah, it really does. And she also does this thing, I, I'm sure you guys have noticed it, where she sort of slows her cadence so that she sounds authoritative even though she's not really anything.


She's like that person who is the boss in your office and you're sitting in a meeting and everybody's sitting there is like, why is this person in charge again? And they just slow down because they think what they're saying is somehow meaningful and everybody is texting about what an idiot they are. Except heavy HR vibes. Yeah. Heavy. Yeah. Right. I mean it's not, you don't get a lot of that on the c-suite. Heavy HR vibes on that. That's totally true. But she, she really, I think she thinks like she is some sort of authority, you know, like she, if she slows down and if she adds the appropriate filler, you know, you know. Yeah, exactly. She Has that a lot too.


Right. Doesn't she? You know? Yeah. You know, but like we also, we can be unburdened Yes. By what Has been, you know, you know. Anyway, she's more in love with the sound of Rome voice and her accomplishments than we even knew this surfaced earlier online. And then we went back and just took a dive. And she's been saying this over and over for years. Here's a little piece of what Kamala Harris thinks about Kamala Harris sought 43. You know, I was the first person to be a woman at Attorney General of California. I was the first woman to be elected district attorney of San Francisco. I was the first person of color to be elected attorney general of California, whatever.


First, first, first. Welcome to the Role Model Club. Oh, It is tough being a part of the Role Model. Club means being in a room where sometimes you may be the only person who has had the experiences you've had. Oh my lord. The best part, best part of that clip, Megan, is her and the crowd's like, ugh. Yeah. Nobody laughs No one. That was Jan 16. We found at least four or more in like two minutes we did a search. She loves this phrase. She is the role model. She's in the Role Model Club. Why? Again? Because of her lady parts and her skin color. That's truly what she say. Yeah. I have a vagina and I have the following skin tone.


Yay. It's like a, I mean no point have people felt uncomfortable? It's like an elevator pitch, but also with vocal fry. Like she, like I didn't notice that until you played it Megan, but like, when she's like, feels weird about the things she's saying sometimes she adds in kind of this vocal fry. Like she's somehow straining to say the thing. Like to your point, she is this well practice and she has said it thousands of times, but she pretends like it's the first time she's just thinking of it. Yeah. It's like emotion. Yeah. Yeah. Right. Yeah. Oh, you have you seen that clip online where it shows her like, I'm from the middle class, I'm from the middle class, I'm from the middle class, you know, I'm a prosecutor.


As a prosecutor, I'm a prosecutor, you know, my opportunity economy opportunity. Like she's got her lines like an actress and she delivers them. We don't have any idea who this person really is, but we have some clues from 2019 when she actually had to say some policy positions and run for office on her own. And she's about as far left as they come. Everything. Other than that, we have no idea. Yeah. I mean, well to me, I think Kamala Harris kind of embodies the very cynical, nihilistic completion of where the Democrats have been headed for a while.


Like right now, everyone in this country is asking who's running the country? We only see Joe Biden sitting on the beach. It's because Democrats have come to accomplish what they've always wanted. Just an administrative state that runs itself, that spends taxpayer money that makes sure them and their groups get all their pocket stuffed with taxpayer cash. They've tried to buy votes by having student loan forgiveness. You name the green program. They spent what, $55 billion on rule broadband and, and not one person's gotten internet result of it. Yeah. $20 billion to build these like electric vehicle stops. Not a single one to show for it. Yeah. It's like, it's like the policy agenda is just the window dressing for their ultimate agenda, which is just power E. That's it. Yeah. And so Kamala Harris fits perfectly into that.


She in her own mind thinks, oh, I'm in charge here, I'm the boss. And meanwhile they're just like, have that idiot read a couple lines and I think we can make it through November. Yeah, She's she's exactly right though. That's, she's mentioning the thing that did get her ahead, to be honest, you know, I mean she's exactly right. She knows those two things work. And so once they get her, her next role, she, her job is to then turn around and say, I mean, normally you don't say I'm a role model, look at me. Everyone sees me as a role model. Okay. But, but that's kind of right on brand. Look, remember, look at all the things that I have my lady parts, my skin tone.


And in case nobody told you I'm your role model. Okay. Incredibly so. Alright. So we're being gaslit by her, by the people around her, and pretty much by all top Democrats. Nancy Pelosi gives an interview and gets asked about the absence of a primary, the fact that this woman who could be our next president has never received a single vote from an actual regular voter to be president. And here's what she says. You had reportedly said you wanted a sort of an open primary when, if Joe Biden stepped down, did you change your mind because you saw all the excitement around Kamala Harris?


I, No, I didn't change my mind. We had an open primary and she won it. Nobody else got in the race because she was politically astute and That Was the part Fuck. I mean, here's the thing. You from Soviet Union. Go ahead. The Soviet Union had tons of elections just no one else would run. Right. And Kim John with those holes in one. Yeah. It's amazing how they, they look us in the face and lie to us like Chuck Schumer, it was bottom up. Bottom up was ground up. Even Gavin Newman was like, it was bottom up. Right. That's what the that's what I, they told me. I'm supposed to say she's boldfaced. Yeah. And If you mean laugh about didn't it was an open primary.


She won it. Yeah. Yeah. I mean that's the thing. They laugh about it. It's because like we, we've said this on the show a number of times is that essentially the Democrats don't believe in in anything, any ideas that might separate people. They just believe in hierarchy. Right. And they like rubbing it in the face of everyone. And so Nancy Pelosi's been walking around everywhere for the past couple months being like, that's right. I pick who runs around this town. Yeah. It, it's also, I mean, look, if you're, we are sort of cynical, obviously we've been in this line of work for a while and, and so when you look at debate answers or answers to the few journalists that she's appears in front of and they ask her about something like inflation and she goes into the stem winder about growing up a middle class child and then, you know, whatever she can do to fill time to get outta that answer.


Because obviously she's responsible for the inflation. The American people have suffered through If. you were running for president for the right reasons. If, you just wanted to be president because you think you can do some things for the American people. Wouldn't it bother you to be presiding over inflation like that? Wouldn't you want an answer like much less surviving the debate and trying to provide, you know, some electoral edge against your opponent? Wouldn't it be important to you to do something about it? Like, wouldn't it be important to have a border plan, like all the things that have sort of beset our country as a result of the administration that she serves in? You would think, If, you were running for president. You'd be like, yeah, we screwed a lot of that stuff up. I wanna do something different.


Let me explain it to you. That would be a real candidate. Well, you'd also be bothered that you were anointed because Joe Biden's dementia showed up on national television. He didn't actually have to go out and earn a single vote. But I think I would take it actually one step further. Of course there was no open primary in 2024 for the Democrats. They anointed her. But like there really wasn't an open primary in 2020. I mean, the powers that bee got together in South Carolina and decided that Joe Biden was the best candidate to take on Donald Trump. I mean none Of the police, I think you could make the argument about 2016. Just ask Bernie Sanders supporters. Exactly. Absolutely. I mean there was a long history of this in the Democratic party and not only did they anoint Joe Biden in 2020, they got Klobuchar and Buttigieg.


Yeah. All to endorsed everyone drop out, endorsed. And what he, he had come in like fifth place in like Iowa and New Hampshire. Michael If, you just don't understand. They were trying to save democracy by, by, by short-changing process. But there is, there is the Greek tragedy of Joe Biden dementia patient with an ego bigger than Washington DC is the same power structure that rigged the game form in 2020 is the one that dethroned him in 2024. Oh. Oh man. That is beautiful. Yeah. At Live by the sword. It's beautiful. Yeah. Beautiful. I mean in in Joe Biden's defense, I've never heard him say I'm a role model. I'm a member of the Role Model Club. Here's everyone, I'm your role model. Follow me. I'm someone to be admired.


In case you didn't know. Well, I'm sure we're gonna be hearing a lot more of that in her little sit down with Oprah Winfrey tonight. So what we have is a vacuous person whose true identity we really don't understand. She, she, what does she stand for? We have clues in 2019. She sounds very radical, but since then and certainly since she became the nominee, it's just a game of coverup. It's just cover and deny and obfuscate and not sign on to any earlier policy prescriptions. And like that, that one thing that Trump raises the debate is a good example where he was like, she wants taxpayers to pay for gender identity or sex change operations for illegals and prisoners.


A hundred percent true. He gets erroneously fact checked again by people like Susan Glasser at the New Yorker and Time Magazine who, who Time Magazine had to undo its fact check once it realized, holy shit, she really did say that in 2019 on an A CLU questionnaire. Oh my God. They can't believe it's so radical. Even for them they can't even believe it. But, but then the other, the the other fact checks come out from like the New York Times, the Washington Post and their fact checks are checks we're, we're not sure if she still has that position. She has needs context. Not needs context. That's what they're saying. Because when they went to her campaign, the campaign guy was like, she didn't say that since becoming the nominee and these newspapers with supposed actual journalists accept this as a reason to add context.


Well it's not something she has said like within the past two months. So nobody knows. No, I mean, who could know? It's, it's amazing. And then like to add a layer to it when confronted the very few times she has on those questions provides no clarification. We were talking about on the show a couple weeks ago about how easy it is from a communication standpoint to build in a little layer where you turn from the position that you're in saying like, well look, I was from California and this is the way we saw the world. But as vice president, I traveled to Pennsylvania, spent a lot of time with people and understand the fracking is an important American industry and it allows us to ultimately be independent of foreign sources of energy.


Like that's a very easy answer that she can't give. Why is she not giving it? One, she's rhetorically challenged, but two and more importantly is she doesn't want to piss off the left. Yep. That's the issue. So like for people who are trying to like, I don't know who this lady is That's interesting. Lemme just tell you who she is. Who she is is trying to win a general election. That's who she is. Yep. That's right. She will do absolutely anything to win it if she were to win a general election. What you've seen with the last, I don't know, dozen Democratic presidents is their first quarter of the first year that their president, their constituency goes from the entire country to the left. Yep. To try to work on behalf of the people that they see were the most helpful of their campaign to get 'em there in the first place.


Joe Biden ran as a moderate, Joe Biden ran as a caretaker. He was like a, a new deal Democrat during the first 90 days of his administration spent like $5 trillion. What do you think Kamala Harris would do? Yeah. And and, and that's the thing is, you know, If, you look at her senate record, she was the most liberal voting member of the Senate to the left of Bernie Sanders. And I think Bernie Sanders gave the perfect answer to where she stands on things. He said, well, you know, she's gotta get elected. The understanding is that like yeah. Understanding we, she can't really say she's crazy folks or else we don't get the crazy stuff. Yes. And now, so now you have Hillary Clinton coming out. She's on some ransom book tour and she sits down with the vial Kara Swisher.


Someday the vial is right. Tell my Kara, someday I'll tell my Kara Swisher story and excuses the absence of any policy positions coming from this woman. It's like not something that we need to worry about according to Hillary Clinton. And so 23, She does not have to do it. Kara, I'm gonna just cut to the chase. In fact, she's put out policies on her campaign website. Anybody who's truly interested can go and read about them. Right. She referenced policies. She actually doesn't just have policies and concepts. She has, you know, plans about what to do. I think it's a, you know, it's a double standard and it's a double standard.


That is partly because they are still getting to know her, but also because they're still grappling with the idea. Like, oh, am I really gonna vote for a woman to be president and a commander-in-Chief. Ugh. It's real double standard. People want to know what the president is gonna do. Is it a you're misogynist now If, you want policy If you want her to explain what she's gonna do for the economy. It's because she's new to this. What? I don't even understand what she's saying, but of course she's gotta inject the the woman thing in there. Back to I have a veg. I'm a role model. I, I, you know, I I really Well we were shorthanding it now I really, I love that audio.


You know, I think Hillary Clinton made a lot of really great points about misogyny and double standards. And I think she should be the Harris for President campaign surrogate in Wisconsin where she was so popular in 2016. It's such a crazy dichotomy. 'cause like, I kind of liked hearing her husband lie to us. Yeah. You know, it kind of felt good giving you But it sort of felt good. Hers is just so grading. I mean, almost these Lines are bad. Is just so terrible. And that must really irk her. It must. And she was like, he's such a lying basketball. Like, for, for it. But they, they don't, they don't, she's, He's all sorts of reasons to dislike him. So Democrats do Not, so you've got Kamala out there, fake Kamala, right.


Like Avatar, whatever you wanna call her. But just, there's nothing to connect to. Even at that NABJ thing. She went to yesterday or the day before yesterday. We played it yesterday where, you know, they asked her, how many ways are you joyful? Like what makes you joyful? I mean, I threw up in my mouth when she turned to walk away away. It was actually really interesting. I don't know If you like, she shook their hands and she turned on a dime was out of it to the point where even the, the black journalists, the three who were interviewing her were like, whoa, what? I guess she's gone, she's leaving like absolutely no charm, no ability to like show We've had a connection here and this is really cool. Thanks for having me.


Just, I'm outta here. Peace out. We'll we'll lay the video in later. Forgot to ask my team to pull it. But just contrast that with Trump, who for some reason had a rally in New York. I don't know why he's not gonna win New York, but, oh, I mean I guess you never know. And there's lots of thoughts from this appearance 'cause it's quite amazing. But the one I want, hold on. I want the one where he's talking about, hold on. Where is it? The guy telling the, the Harry talking about Harry. Do you guys have that? Yes. Let's Saw, let's listen to hot 12. We can do all of this and more, but patriotic New Yorkers must get your asses out to vote.


Gotta get Out. Gotta get out. Harry, get up Harry. Harry, get your fat ass out of the couch. You're gonna vote for Trump today, Harry, Get Up Harry, come on, let's go. Let's go Harry. Just love it. It's a great geo. Know who Harry is. But it's amazing. Yeah, That's the thing. He's funny. He can make fun of himself, of us, of you know, the country if he needs to. People appreciate that. That's who he is. He's the other stuff too. But that's who he is.


That's charming. Yeah. I mean he sounds like a human, which is just after you see those Kamala Harris clips, it's so jarring because he's able to connect with people. Like you'll see media people being like, how, how, how do people think that a billionaire is relatable? That's why he talks like people talk to each other. Not like, oh we'll undo the memory of the past. Like no one can relate to Kamal Harris whatsoever. When he says that. You think of, you know, I know a buddy like a Harry who never votes. You know, it might be a good idea to tell him, Harry, get off your ass this year, you're gonna vote. Yeah. Everyone laughed. 'cause everyone can relate to that. Yeah. So I mean he's, that's a brilliant maneuver by him. And also the reason I think he's in New York, it's actually that's brilliant too.


That's where we're gonna pick up house seats. That's where we're gonna offend house seats. And when he becomes president, we need the house. Yeah. So he's showing up at that rally that energizes a lot of those voters. Especially like all through Long Island. Yeah. Those people are gonna be juiced and ready to go. Yeah. I mean in 2022. That makes sense. Our, our majority was basically entirely banked on the gains in New York and California that we had. Yeah. You know? Yeah. That's what he is doing. Yeah. Because he Was in Long Island, which is Yep. They, they actually can win Long Island. It's, it's, that's where we have Republicans on Long Island and Staten Island and up north where I grew up, it's the city that's blue. As blue can be, here's a little bit more. So when he shows up, I mean like a boss, they were really happy to see him take a look at the reception he got in Saudi.


Look at the number of people there. You guys Look At that. Wow. Amazing. Right? It's incredible. It was, it really is. Some 16,000. I'm sure Trump is online right now saying it's 160,000 But. it was a lot. It was a lot either way. But you know, I, I think one of the things that Trump has that's really, really hard to find in anyone and certainly is like a great contrast with Kamala Harris, is that he's got multiple gears.


He does the stadium tour and the big stage stuff. And he is funny and he is witty and he's got all this stuff, but he's also really, really good in a room full of eight people. Yeah. You know, and, and the people who've spent time with him maybe for the first time in a small room, like they come away with a real positive impression of him. Like, have you ever heard of anyone being like, Hey, I went to meet with Kamala Harris today and we sat on her couch and man, she's just the best. Yeah. Holmes, Look what happened with the teamsters. Yeah. Right, right. They had one meeting with her. They were like, for the first time ever, we're not gonna endorse the Democrat. Ashbrook always makes this point because it's sort of like, it comes up every cycle is like, let so and so be so and so.


Yeah. And Kamala Harris is like the only candidate in history where you never hear that advice. Right? Yeah. Right. Just like Kamala, be Kamala. It's like, please no, dear God, hide her. We only have 45 days. Don't let her do that. No. There's an Axios report out today talking about how the plan is keep her and Wal the hell away from the press. And you have to admit it's a good plan. It was 100% what you guys would be via advising if she brought you in on how to win. Would am I wrong? Oh yeah. I mean, If, you have that dumpster fire that's just waiting to be ignited with gasoline. No, you hide that thing in back. I mean there look, they did a version of it with Joe Biden in 2020.


Different reasons for her. It's like we were saying, I think last time we were together, Megan, the problem that she's got is there's no way to completely bottle it up because any public appearance runs the risk of abject catastrophe because she's just that, she's just that bad. They're just trying to mitigate the damage. Yep. But every time she walks out of the front door of the Naval Observatory, where she lives up in the vice president's residence, it's a problem. And they know it's a problem. And I think this is like, like Holmes says, this is a major problem because essentially this is an admission that that campaign can only play defense. They just wanna make sure there's not any more bleeding.


They can just hold it out for 45 days. And then on the complete opposite side of the coin, you've got Trump going and doing podcasts that you have millions of people listening to doing these stadium tours that you have tens of thousands of people showing up to. He's actually going on offense, trying to gain ground, trying to get more people on his side that are out there and who feel like this economy's terrible, the border's in crisis. And all that Kamala's team can do is say, we gotta run out the clock. We gotta hope we're at numbers enough that we can just watch the clock run out. But think about that. She can't even talk about the job she wants. If you were interviewing somebody for a position and they can't even talk. Like If, you were interviewing somebody to fill out spreadsheets for a living and they can't talk about what they would do in that job.


You'd be like, ah, I'm gonna find somebody else. She's not trying to fill out spreadsheets. She's supposed to be in charge of the free world. Yeah. And she can't even talk about the job. I mean, that is, red flags are real. Yeah. I, I'd be like, I'd feel like that's the sign. Everybody is looking for the sign. That's the sign. That's it. So meanwhile you got Trump who charms this crowd, and I wanna show you a little bit more of this Long Island rally 'cause it was pretty extraordinary. But before he went out there, he met with this little boy Liam, who has made the news before. Trump, I believe, sent him a special birthday gift, was a signed photo of Trump. And he was so sweet, he was overwhelmed. And so this boy shows up backstage to the Trump rally.


And he, as I say, I, I believe it's a brain disorder that Liam s suffers from. But clearly he's special needs. And that can be awkward for some people to be around, especially, you know, a 78-year-old guy. Maybe he'll know how to handle this. Maybe he won't. I've gotta tell you, Trump did extraordinarily well with this little boy. Take a look for yourselves, watch what happened. I'm supposed to be in that stage, but that doesn't matter 'cause I got you the best president you'll ever have. This is the best president you'll ever have. How are you, Bob? Hi, mom. Okay, honey, this is yours. And in you is real good stuff. Okay.


So beautiful. Thank you. See, look at the, look at these great photographers and we're gonna have that picture of her life. Okay. And is she gonna come out and watch me? Of course. Because I left the stage in order to come and say hello there. Especially anymore. Okay, honey. So beautiful. So you take care of mom and dad, visit your sister, right? Gray here. So why don't you do this, take care of yourself. Okay? I'm gonna go right after this. Thank you. Take care of yourself. Are you okay? I wish I looked like that. If I look like that every president, You, you just, you, you gotta love that. You, you anybody, anybody who knows how to handle themselves around people with disabilities is a very, very special person.


And I feel like this is not a one-off thing for Trump. I don't know. If, you remember the concert that was given a few years ago by a Jewish group and they sang just a beautiful rendition of America, the beautiful, I think. And then everybody just ran over to Trump. Like all of these, all of these kids with disability. It was down syndrome and, and other possi disabilities that were part of that crowd, right? Yeah. I mean, that was the whole basis of the song. They finished the song and they all just sprinted towards Trump. And Trump's standing there hugging everybody. He wants to spend time with them. And I just think it, it really reveals somebody's character. Yes. No, no question about it. It's pretty Extraordinary range, right? To be able to deal with sweet Liam in that very nice way where maybe you're not getting verbal answers, but you keep the conversation going and you pay respects to the mother and the sister and you know, do, and then also can go out there and say, Harry, Harry, get your fat ass off the couch.


It's, I think it's called emotional range. Here was at that same rally talking about the assassination attempt that happened days ago. Take a listen to. So nine, This could only happen with a woman because men aren't smart enough. I hate to tell You fellas. And he was running, running, running. And a woman driving a car innocently said, he looks like a bad person to me. He looks very suspicious. And she followed him and pulled up to the back of the car and started taking pictures of his license plate. Can you believe that?


Who the hell would do that? Right? Only a woman. Pretty Good. I did not know it was a woman until he said that. Did you guys know it was a woman? No, That was news. What, what they called that Was news. Woman's intuition. That's right. That's it. Yeah. No, it's a real thing. Oh man. But He's right. Who the hell would do that? If. you see a man running and he gets in his car and starts speeding away. Like, I, I might take a photo. I don't think I'd follow the man. I'm not sure I'd follow. I don't know exactly how it went down. But anyway, I love that he called it out and, and that, you know, he told the story and now we've learned a little bit more. And he said he really would like to meet her, which absolutely has to happen.


Totally. We have to talk about the latest on the assassination and all that stuff. He, he did add a little bit more on that. I'll, I'll let you hear it. In Sat 10 And God has now spared my life. It must have been God thank you. Not once, but twice. And there are those that say he did it because Trump is gonna turn this state around. He's gonna turn this country around. He's gonna make America great again. And maybe, and we're gonna bring back religion into our country.


These encounters with death have not broken my will. They have really given me a much bigger and stronger mission. They've only hardened my resolve to use my time on earth to make America great again for all Americans to put America first. I gotta say, guys, what do you notice there? He's on prompter and he's sticking to prompter and thumbs up on that decision that that's Oh yeah. What we needed more of at the RNC and over the past eight weeks. N no question about it. It's a powerful message. It's undeniable.


Right? I mean, look, I think there are elements of the electorate who have a, a hard opinion about Donald Trump for the inverse reason that they, they don't see the kind of emotional range that we've just shown here in the last Yeah. Five, six minutes. And they think he's hard to relate to. Think he's mean. They don't like his tone or whatever. Watch that. Yep. You know, and in the context of the election that we're in, the proximity to the election election day, that stuff is really, really important. 'cause we're talking about 50, 60,000 votes max in six or seven states. This is gonna come down to somebody who didn't vote for Trump in 2020 because they thought he was sort of a dick. And they see that kind of thing. And it's like, well, I don't know man.


Maybe God's plan is bigger here. Maybe this, you know, it speaks to people in a different level. He keeps that kind of messaging around the traditional, what everybody loves about Trump stuff. He can knit together a coalition here that's not only gonna win, but I think it's gonna surprise some people in some other states that they've written him off in the Michigan's, Wisconsin's, Arizona, you know, other places in, in Pennsylvania, which looks tight as a tick. You know, I, I have friends, one dear friend of mine just said this to me the other day, who genuinely believe Trump will win because of that head turn that saved his life. In other words, God saved him for a reason.


And like, why would God have done that? You know, if he weren't gonna win this election. I realize what we need is people to actually get out and vote on November 5th and not like, you don't, you can't leave it in the Lord's hands. But it, it does feel like divine intervention. And I think it was smart of Trump to raise that. It Republicans tend to be more religious than the left. And he knows the crowd he's speaking to. It's more conservative in Long Island. And I think he was on point to just stick to the script there, deliver what was an important message about what happened to him. You know, sticking to the prompter, right? Like, he's obviously very comfortable off prompter, unlike his opponent. But that led to a pretty poignant moment.


And then when he swung by later and visited the set of Gutfeld, he, in his typical self, in his typical, you know, person personality, made fun of the whole thing a little, which is good. I mean, to me this shows emotional resilience, right? Like as if I had just been almost shot at, I would not even be in public, nevermind at a rally and on Gutfeld. But here he is in so 14 Mr. P, How's your golf game? Well, haven't been thinking about it too much lately. Was I, I always said golf is a very dangerous game. It really, it really is. Especially if they're playing with you. Yeah, That's true.


That's sad. What? That was a mean joke. Pretty sad. Did you, if they Had told you that the shooter was there, would you have tried to take him out with your three wood? I think so. Yeah. I think so. If I knew actually the Secret Service did a great jab. They saw the barrel of a gun. Big gun. Yeah. And it came out through bushes. And how many people would see that first? You know, he really was very exceptional to have done it. Hmm Hmm. What do you make of it? Well, it's kind of an emotional journey for him at this point. Yeah. Right. I mean, I, I just look, he's bigger than life. He's been famous my entire life. He's been part of pub public eye.


He is been brash and he's the first guy who's famous for being famous. But it to have your life literally that close to ending two times in three months, eh, it's gotta give you a little bit of perspective. Yeah. I I I love how he's able to do two things, like on gut felt he's able to joke about it, which like has to be a coping mechanism. I don't know how you could still run for president, let alone play golf again. Yeah. Unless you could find the humor in the fact somebody tried to kill you. But like, back to your earlier point, Holmes, you know, he's also been able to see to, to use these attempts on his life as a way to make a positive case for his election. And he has not been as strong at doing that in other cases.


He's always been really great at pointing out the failures of the system and that's why he was elected in 2016. But this time's different 'cause he's had the job. Yeah. And so making this positive case, this emotional case that's gonna get that swing voter and the suburbs of Philadelphia to be like, I'm gonna give Donald Trump another chance is so, so important. Mm. That's a good point. You do wonder how he can maintain a good attitude given everything. Yeah. That's happened to him, right? The, the civil lawsuits. Let's not forget that nutcase Eugene Carroll, oh, she's gonna sue me. That's my opinion. Eugene, she got $80 million. Tisch James the Ag, who ran on a promise to get Trump got almost $500 million.


He's fighting both of those on appeal right now. The four criminal cases against him, the two impeachments, two assassination attempts. You do wonder, how does the guys still have a smile on his face? But actually I figured it out. I have the answer. I'm gonna play it for you in so 40. Why do I stand proudly behind my new modeling work? The more pressing question is, why has the media chosen to scrutinize my celebration of the human forum in a fashion photo shoot? Are we no longer able to appreciate oh boy, the beauty of the human body throughout history.


Master artist, thank You for choosing us to get Meghan Evoking profound emotions and admiration. We should honor our bodies and embrace the timeless tradition of using art as a powerful means of self-expression. You do it deliberately. You do it deliberate. I do do it deliberate. Yeah. I mean, Melania Trump has been in a lot of nude photos. They're all over the internet and she looks spectacular. And here for some reason in promotion with her book, she's chosen to remind us. Here you go. British GQs fellas. I mean, what do you think? It's beautiful art. Is it not, Certainly not gonna subtract votes.


I know that. Smart. What's your take? I was recently in Florence and you know, I saw David that, that she showed in that clip and it really is breathtaking If. you think you are going to get this crew to provide any critique of Melania's nude modeling? I'm sorry. My theory is that is why he is so joyful. I think most men in America would be pretty joyful if they had Melania Trump waiting for them. I bad theory At home. It's as good a argument as any.


Yeah. She's got a book coming out. Everybody's like, she's not doing interviews. How's she ever gonna sell this book? I'm like, she's smarter than the rest of us. Like that's how she's gonna sell the book. Gonna get a million tongues wagging. Alright, so while on Gutfeld Trump got into some sub substantive stories, and this one's actually funny too. It's about his one interaction with Tim Walls. Listen here, He called up years ago. I was in the White House and he said, my house is being surrounded by people with American flags. I said, is that a good thing or a bad thing? He said, I think they're gonna attack me. He said, could you put out a word like that?


I'm your friend. I don't even know him. But that's the only time I ever spoke to him long ago. I put out a statement, he's a good man, the governor, he's on our side. It's, I don't, I didn't know him, but I didn't want him to get hurt. And everybody put down their flags and they left. He said it was a miracle. He remembers it. Actually. He remember he was a little bit nervous and he said, we have one guard at the door and you have 15,000 people out there. And I'm a little bit, I don't know, they look violent. I said, are they carrying the American flag? They're not gonna be violent. Yes. But I put out a statement and they, they just went back and they just, it was sort of a beautiful thing in a lot of ways. Beautiful. Yeah, It's a Great story town, right?


It makes Trump look magnanimous and it makes Tim Walls look like a scared little cower. Does it not? Yeah. And the conclusions are always so great. That was a beautiful thing. Yeah. It's just a beautiful, great big, beautiful thing. It came to me, tears in his eyes. Here's the difference though. Here's another reason why it works. It works because Trump understood. Tim Walls felt like he was under threat and he stepped in to save him. And the Democrats right now fully understand that Trump is under threat and seem to be cheering it on. Yes. Their language keeps winding up in the public musings of his would be assassins.


And then when asked, might now be a good time to tone it down. This was the Democrat's message. Did you see this remarkable exchange between Peter Ducey and Kareem Jean Pierre at the White House this week? Watch this. How many More assassination attempts on Donald Trump until the president and the vice president, and you pick a different word to describe Trump other than threat, Peter, if anything from this administration? I actually completely disagree with the premise of your question. The question that you're asking it is also incredibly dangerous in the way that you're asking it because American people are watching.


And to say that, to say that from a administration who has consistently condemned political violence from an administration where the president called the former president and was thankful, grateful that he was okay. I mean, so The problem is his question, his question is incredibly dangerous to them. That's how she turned it. That's the thing is you, this is something that the Democrats for years have really focused and honed in on, is saying that speech is dangerous. What you're saying is gonna get people killed. What you're saying is gonna get people hurt. They've been using this trick against conservative saying that's stochastic terrorism, while ignoring actual threats, actual violence, actual bullets being fired at Donald Trump.


They say, well, maybe he should tone it down their, their, their attack on free speech, on letting Americans think what might be true instead of force feeding them their own version of what's going on. Yeah. Our, our, that's the twins, the Democrats, our, our words are violence and their violence is justified. That's it. That's exactly, I mean that's, that's the magic trick they pull. It's true. It's disgusting. I mean, look it there, their media allies have actually made it even worse, right? I mean, you sort of expect caustic language at the end of a general election for president of the United States. That just kind of comes with the territory. But when you get, like Lester Holt on NBC the other night when they're talking about another assassination attempt and their pivot to the next story is it comes amongst heated rhetoric from JD Vance, where now Springfield, Ohio is under threat from potential bombs.


Right? And it's like, first of all, the story wasn't true. So thanks for putting that on headline nightly news for NBC. But second of all, like what is the campaign rhetoric of JD Vance have to do with an assassination attempt on a guy who's he's running with? Right. And what, what he said nothing Right before, what Josh described is we don't know the motive of the shooter. Yeah. But everything you're hearing from Trump and Vance is bad. Yep. Like they, they are ascribing a motive to the shooter for partisan purposes. I mean, they're all democrats. We, we know they're Democrats. How hard would it have been for Ka Jean Pierre just to say, you know what?


You're right. Political rhetoric needs to be toned down in this country just and end it there. Nobody's, nobody's gonna falter for that. She's certainly not gonna get a bad writeup in A, B, C or NBC to the contrary. That nobody, nobody's going to Hi. Hit her for that. So why does she feel the need to be so partisan from that? From that podium? Yeah. What does it cost Her? And the, the nerve Yeah, the nerve Duncan, for her to turn it around to say what you are asking is incredibly dangerous. It's what's dangerous is your bringing up that we continue referring to him as a threat. Yeah. I it is like, I don't know if there's a better word to describe it than being gaslit.


A hundred percent. Like they just stare at you and they reflect back and say what you're asking is dangerous. Like not the assassination temp of a former president. And it's like, how do you have a conversation with somebody who operates like that? I mean, it's so incredibly disingenuous And, and, and Ash Brook's point, like what would it cost her? It would cost her nothing to be like Yeah. You know, it would be be valuable for us all to tone down our rhetoric at times. Period. End of statement. Yeah. Like like's gonna have, she gonna get a PolitiFact PolitiFact, you know, for Pinocchios in two weeks. Like it doesn't matter. You know, like why not just say that it's 'cause she's, she will, she will get her hand slapped. 'cause right now the, all the buzz on the dem side is like, we're not gonna go there. This is Trump's fault.


He brought it on himself. That's the party line. So she's afraid to say that. You mentioned Lester Holt. We played Nora O'Donnell who refused to be outdone by Lester Holt and by Lindsay Davis who did the same thing over on a, b, C on Sunday night, the night of the assassination. Listen to Nora, you guys, Donald Trump is blaming Democrats for inflaming political rhetoric. But the former president's own words seem to be increasing the threat of political violence in Springfield, Ohio. That's where a false and ugly accusation against Haitians, thousands of whom are legal, permanent residents, is impacting everyday life. We already knew that the bomb threats were a hoax when she read that.


She just, that is Stunning. It's just stunning. I mean, look, it's gonna get worse. You know, I mean your audience should know this. It's gonna get worse As bad as you think that clip is, as bad as Lester Holt was as bad as everything that you're seeing the Washington Post, New York Times and everything, it's going to get worse. Yep. They're gonna acute try to wedge Republicans against the Trump. They're gonna try to say anything you could possibly, there is no bottom of the barrel for this crew. They will do whatever it takes to try to figure out a way to get Donald Trump the furthest place away from this White House. And they're gonna do it every day, every minute until election day. You could say they're ruthless. Yeah. That's not quite, that's what I'm detecting.


Alright. There's more to, there's more to do on the assassination and we'll do that right after this Quick break. The fellas. Stay with me for the whole show. Lucky us.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you. That someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable But. it is a sad reality for some American homeowners and a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. And it's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, then take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. And by the time you find this out, the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure that you're not already a victim of this kind of thing. It's promo code Megan and Home Title Lock dot com or just by using the link below.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Guys a bit of breaking news here. It involves the North Carolina gubernatorial race, which we haven't been covering really at all. But we do watch these state races from time to time because they can, if there's, you know, one person who runs away with it, or one person who absolutely, absolutely is engulfed in scandal, it can depress the vote potentially for that party or inflate the vote for the other. So this would be in that category. Bad news for the Republicans in that state. There is a retiring governor, Roy Cooper, who's a dem. And the race to replace him is between the Lieutenant Governor Mark Robinson, a Republican, and the North Carolina, attorney General Josh Stein aem.


Mark Robinson has found himself engulfed in controversy. He's made a lot of controversial comments that we already know about. A lot of us first noticed him 'cause we don't pay a lot of attention to the Lieutenant Governors in the various states. When this clip went viral or he was making a lot of sense about the gender issue, apparently the sensible comments were not uniform on all subjects. But here's just a reminder for our audience of Mark Robinson. You can go to the doctor and get cut up. You can go down to the dress shop and get made up. You can go down there and get drugged up, but at the end of the day, you were just a drugged up, dressed up, made up, cut up man or woman.


You ain't changed what God put in you that DNA. Well, that kind of sensible talking is what drew a lot of fans his way. However, it looks like he's about to potentially be forced out of this race publication, Carolina Journal reporting. Now that sources with direct knowledge have spoken to them on the condition of anonymity and said that Robinson is under pressure from staff and members of the Trump campaign to withdraw from this race due to the nature of a story that's about to hit tonight, which they say involves activity on adult websites in the two thousands.


National Review. Also reporting on it, saying it involves sexual and race related comments in chat rooms. So that's a little different than activity on adult websites. We don't know exactly what the nature of the quote scandal is, but according to the Carolina Journal, even Team Trump is distancing itself from him and potentially even pressuring him to withdraw. The Robinson campaign responded. The director, communications director, quote, whomever, your sources are here, it is complete fiction. So they've been given, tonight is actually the deadline, it's the state deadline to withdraw from the race.


And this is APO research that was leaked to the media by his opponent, the campaign of his opponent who leaked it to CNN and local Raleigh News outlet, WRAL expected to hit airwaves tonight. So is it important? Do we care? What do you make of it? Yeah, I mean, we care a lot, but you may or may not have noticed that the Republican Party over the last few, few years has run into a, a touch of a candidate quality problem from time to time. Mm. This would certainly be one of them. Look, north Carolina's a really important state. The problem that you have is when you get down ballot and you're dealing with governor's races, then it's not a Senate race there this year. But if there's somebody who just lags the field significantly depresses turnout, or at least has the capacity to depress turnout in a very meaningful way, and in the state where you need every last Republican vote for Donald Trump to get to two 70 on the electoral college, any little thing like this is potentially extremely problematic.


Means smug. You're from North. Carolina. What's the take? I think there is, among Republicans in North Carolina, a lot of frustration because republicans have a super majority in the state legislature. They controlled the State House, the state Senate, and both senates Senate seats in North Carolina to, to the United States Senate are Republicans as well. It seems like for a while, governors just alluded part of the Republican majority in the state. And so for Republicans, the most important thing is to win. They, they need to get the governor's mansion under Republican control because for so long you've seen the state start to take this like leftward tilt, which actually doesn't reflect the voters or the people of North Carolina.


And so to Republicans, this hunger to win is, I mean, it, it, it, it, it can't be overstated how badly we need this race. You see, Donald Trump is neck and neck with Kamala Harris in North Carolina, and voters tend to break late in the state of North Carolina. So while there's time, whatever decision needs to be made, whatever can lead to a win at the top of the ticket and the governor's race needs to be done. Hmm. North Carolina is important. The latest poll, which we were gonna get to in this block, is from Emerson polling showing them neck and neck in these swing states in North, Carolina Trump was up one in August. Now it's showing a two point swing to Harris Harris up one.


All of that is within the margin of error. And thus there could have been absolutely no movement from right August to now. But anyway, for what it's worth, she's showing up one, which just tells us it's just as tight as it could be there. So every tiny movement could potentially matter. Yeah, I mean, no question about it. I look if this was the Democratic party, that guy would be packing up the printer cartridges right now. Right. With the Republican party. You know, look, we've had a problem when it comes to trying to figure out how to put our best team on the field in some of these races over the years, I think the Senate Republicans who had a huge problem in 2022 corrected that under the leadership of Steve Daines at the, at the Senatorial Committee, But, it is a problem.


And If, you leave these things to their own sort of merits. They often just don't work out for you. And this is one of the prime examples. I think the only mistake Democrats made is if they really have the goods on this guy, they should have waited till after the deadline. But he's already trailing in. You know, I mean, here's the thing, Maggie, this, He's behind, I think by eight. Yeah. I, this is a near double digit margin between where he's at the ballot and where Donald Trump is on the ballot. That in and of itself, before whatever this story is hits, tells you about the quality of this campaign that he's running. You can't have it. You can't have it in elections with stakes this high where the American people and the people in North Carolina's entire fortunes are riding here.


You can't, as a party just sort of throw it up, let go and let God and hope something works out in your favor. Like these things take a lot of work to ensure that you get the right candidate match with the right constituency in statewide elections, particularly purple states and ones that are gonna be ultimately very competitive. I love the, the, I think it's a, it's a Goodfellas reference. I can't have it right. You can't, Paul Paulsa. I can't have it. I can't have it. I can't Can't have it. Can't have it. Yeah, you can't have it, but you're about to have it. And by the way, for what it's worth, the Lieutenant governor Mark Robinson's spokesperson, Michael Long Lonergan told National Review online just now that it is a quote, complete fiction, that Robinson will drop out of this year's North Carolina gubernatorial race.


Tough to know what to wish for. I guess he's gonna do whatever he is gonna do. It's kind of, well, me, Meg, Megan, I will have To say at this point, I'll see your movie reference and I'll raise you one with Bronx Tale. And tomorrow for Robinson, it's like Bronx Tale where they lock the door and now use can't leave. Yeah, I Done sir. Beginning Mailin ballots are going out tomorrow. So I mean, yeah, this is a very small window thing is probably baked. Yeah, exactly right. It's baked. And they probably did hold it until right now for that reason. Right. That just as long as they possibly could before they thought it was gonna, whatever.


I mean, look, it could be worse, it could be something higher up the ticket. Like Trump, this is, you know, one gubernatorial race. Things are, I just don't know whether North Carolinians, who tend to be a little bit more red stady, but you know, by history anyway, are gonna hold this against Trump who hasn't been appearing at rallies with this guy anyway. And even JD Vance apparently had the sense to distance himself from him prior to this, because they did not appear to rally that when he was gonna go suddenly the, the Lieutenant Governor got covid. But there, you know, I just, it seems like Team Vance Trump may have known beforehand like, Hmm, this is not our best ambassador. Maybe don't share the stage.


I think that's right. But I mean, look, If, you go on the, the way back machine. We've had this issue before in 2012 when MIT Romney was on the top of the ticket. There was a guy by the name of Todd Aiken in the state of Missouri who was running Oh yeah. Senate there. And he said some sort of unspeakable things about women's bodies and everything else, impossible to justify. And there was a huge effort starting with MIT Romney's team all the way down to try to get him out of that race. And he said similar things to what that spokesperson of Mark Robinson was just basically like, I won the nomination, I'm gonna go forward. The end result of that was a massive shift where he was winning that race by 10 points. He ended up losing it by 10 plus to a Democrat in a very red state. But he also dragged the whole ticket down.


He made Missouri an incredibly competitive race when it really should not have. And you can also argue there was some spillover effect. I don't think that's gonna happen with Trump just because Trump is so identifiable. I mean, there's, there's no one that you can be like, well, Trump knows this guy so that therefore Trump has more baggage than he already has, like Trump's his own thing, you know? So I don't think he's dragging Trump. But you can see with enthusiasm, there are segments of the electorate that get really ginned up about governor's elections as you were talking about. And like, is there a little softening of your motivation, perhaps any softening spells trouble? Hmm. Alright, let's go back to the Trump assassination attempt, which is already being memory hold in so many corners of the media.


I mean, let's face it, virtually every single one, they don't wanna talk about it. They're not interested. Anything that makes Trump look sympathetic is not interesting to them. How is it going in the wake of now two attempts on the president's life to tone down the rhetoric about him? Let's check in back in with our old friend, Hillary Clinton who said this on M-S-N-B-C within 24 hours of the assassination attempt news breaking the day before 22 South 22. And sadly, the press is still not able to cover Trump the way that they should. I don't understand why it's so difficult for the press to have a consistent narrative about how dangerous Trump is.


You know, the late great journalist Harry Evans, you know, one time said that, you know, journalists should, you know, really try to achieve objectivity. And by that he said, I mean, they should cover the object. Well, the object in this case is Donald Trump, his demagoguery, his danger to our country and the world and stick with it. Americans need to understand that they have to take Trump both seriously and literally, he has said what he wants to do, he and his allies with Project 2025, his desire to be a dictator, at least on day one.


All of that is in the public record. He can't go back and give this very dangerous man another chance to do harm to our country and the world. Well, I don't understand why she can't find a consistently good hairdresser. So we're all, Oh my God. I was gonna say like, did she put on a Madeline Albright mask? I mean, what happened there? That's like Sometimes she looks quite good at the DNC. She looked quite good then it fell apart on whatever. My point is, I don't think she got the message about the dangerous rhetoric, guys. Oh, she sure didn't. I mean, what an inarticulate surrogate. I can't even imagine that they And Holmes Wait, can, can I just say, and let's just be clear, it's their message.


The Dems are the ones who say our words matter and can be dangerous. And we have to be responsible with them. Even 13 years later. They can cause a mad man to attack Paul Pelosi. That's them who say they're the ones who say that, You know, you know what I wonder is like, who's making Hillary Clinton still do this? What you, you've been in the public sphere for, so couldn't you just hang it up to shame hang the jersey up? Like why, who needs another memoir from Hillary Clinton that she has to get out and do a meeting tour for where we, we just need her musings on the politics of the day. I mean, how pathetic is that? Number one? I Have an answer to that.


Okay. I think I know it's, it's purely speculative. Okay. But Hillary Clinton has a very weird and I think shitty marriage. And I have lots of reasons to believe that, as everybody knows, I don't think she has a husband who is in love with her or faithful to her. And I think, I can't really blame him because she seems to have accepted this behavior since the inception of their marriage. And so past is prologue. You're gonna get what you tolerate, you know, what you permit, you promote. So she's in this marriage that is, you know, at best Loveless and at Worst hateful. And she spent all of her daughter's upbringing away at work.


Yeah. At the law firm in the White House running for office. And Chelsea Clinton is not a nice person. And I think really is just sort of getting along Based on the family name at this point. Remember her short stint as a Today Show correspondent, it was like, just use the name to up and up. That doesn't do anything for your ego. You're, you're, you're unable to affirm your yourself. You need OO other people to do it. And so now she's got a daughter who I guess married a rich guy, but is struggling in her own right. Hillary's in a loveless marriage. She probably doesn't have a lot of real friends, just people who are gls. And so she absolutely does have to write a fifth memoir Oh, and go on M-S-N-B-C and be told that she's amazing and that she matters.


It's, and also the other thing, and I, I was googling this 'cause there was a rotating Chiron on that clip of SNBC. And every time I watch M-S-N-B-C, it feels like I'm opening a time capsule from 2016. And in that rotating Chiron and Hillary Clinton's on television, there was a promo for, from Russia with Lev, a new documentary about Russia with Lev Parnas. And it's no way, how are we still snbc talking about Russia? I mean, these people are so, one note, it's incredible. That's Rachel Maddow's new documentary. Steve Cracker is telling me unbelievable. She's doing new documentaries on the Russian still. It's still unbelievable. It's unbelievable. It really is unbelievable.


There's also, look, there's one more element to Hillary Clinton. It was what you got to at the top of the show, that Kamala's role model thing. I'm the first woman, I'm the first, we had like an internal bingo game here about Hillary Clinton's speech at the DNC. And like I, my first round draft pick is, I guarantee that she says the name Geraldine Ferraro. And the reason that she says the name Geraldine Ferraro is because she was obviously the first woman vice presidential candidate. But then she'll use it as a way to talk about how she sort of broke these ceilings in order for Kamala to become the first woman presidential, you know, maybe president, right?


Yeah. It's, it, it's like that, that thing that you always say, Holmes, we always talk about this too, like when people rise during someone's farewell addressing the United States Senate and they're ostensibly there to praise this man or woman for their incredible service, but in fact they just talk about themselves. Yeah. Yeah. And how what they did helped this person have a illustrious career that's Like Chris Christie at the, at the 16 RNC, right? Wasn't that the best Politicians in the world do this. So they go get like the only people who would ever consider making a eulogy to someone about the, their efforts to be, to help one segment of America. And it just so intersected with the dead guy and he who helped my efforts.


And so therefore good man. Yeah. It's so true. Okay, so back to whether, not one but two assassination attempts is tamping down the rhetoric on the dem side. This one happened the day before the second assassination attempt, but two months after the first one where Trump took a bullet to the head, has it tamped down the rhetoric? Let's check in with our friends at M-S-N-B-C, Jonathan Capehart Show and a woman who goes by Democratic party activist Reverend Dr. Jackie Lewis. It is outrageous. It's horrifying, but it's expected from a fascist authoritarian person who wants to create HAC in this country.


Who wants to take us to Tara Nazi Germany. Dear me, I can't even talk. Nazi Germany. We exported, we exported racism, fascism to Nazi Germany, we exported it to South Africa. Jonathan, we know how to do it. We're good at it. And let's not pretend that Donald Trump isn't exactly like Mussolini. Exactly like Hitler. He is that guy. And we're not gonna get what we want if we elect this fascist authoritarian weasel. No notes. No notes. It's perfect. That's absolutely the most insane thing I've heard yet.


It's, it was absolutely insane. She started with like the shocking but not surprising thing that like you hear from a lot of political spokespeople, then it just devolves into he's Hitler. He is Mussolini. We exported this to the other. Exactly what with the doctor's coat on with the yellow line. What's, what does that mean? Did She mean I gotta give a hat tip to Victor Davis Hansen for mentioning that. That's where I learned about it from. And he was saying, 'cause he's of course a truly like brilliant and very well informed historian. And he said, I'll bet you anything that you act If, you actually asked her to tell you anything about Mussolini or his background or life. She couldn't do it. Here's her background.


FYI, senior minister at Middle Collegiate church in New York City, which I think I have attended many times. It was connected with my son's old school. She's an activist preacher advocate for racial equality, economic justice, and lgbtqia plus equality. Oh, nice Lord. Checks all the boxes. Wow. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, I'm still reeling fellas. I don't think I've ever, right, You mean, and, and of course does MSC say that's a lot, you know, just got shot a couple weeks ago maybe? Eh, no, no, it's fine. They, because they believe it for the same reason. You know, Trump protects Tim Walls when Tim Walls feels in trouble and the Democrats are the ones causing the danger for Donald Trump.


And they don't care. Their lunatics twice have now tried to take him out. I mean, they're still trying to tell us they don't know the political affiliation of the, of the wouldbe shooter on Sunday. Right. Like, also, also pay no attention to that bumper sticker. It's bumper stick and his 19 donations to vote blue. Right. It's, we have no idea what, we'll never know. Donald Trump has been president before. Like that's the thing that is most shocking, that they're trying to use this same strategies they tried in 2015 and 2016. It's like he was president, was this Nazi Germany while he was president? You know, like, like, like do people actually believe that? And and I, I think they do. And so this is the thing, like we've discussed why Kamala doesn't talk about any policy or what she would do anything like that.


Because the unifying message to their voters is Trump is Hitler. Trump is Hitler. And that's also why they can never backpedal on any of this rhetoric. Because if they say, well listen, we don't want to have, you know, any violence done to Donald Trump, then their voters will be like, wait a minute. You told us 10 seconds ago this guy was Hitler. I I, if he's Hitler, shouldn't we get rid of him? Yeah. That's why they can never backpedal because their whole election, their whole message I is Based on the fact of telling their voters that you're gonna die. The world's gonna end Trump is Hitler. That's why you're gonna vote. Yeah. It's like bailing wire and duct tape to try to keep their coalition together in the first place. And with this lady, somebody called the big lie, so called Well Let's, Did she hold on Megan, Let's see if they got the message that Trump, Hitler, She had this this export Import.


Yeah, sorry, go ahead. Yeah, this, she was saying that we exported our hate to Hitler. Did she mean import the other way around? Like, I have no idea. Unless Donald Trump has a time machine, which many people have suggested. Yeah. He's got get in the Delore and do right back to the 1930s. I mean it's just unbelievable nonsense. Let's, Let's see if the message has spread, like is this hate actually getting out there in a way that is, you know, potentially disturbing? You could choose number one or number two assassination attempts. Or you could just listen to CSPAN in. So 29 Louisiana, Willie Democrat. Good morning.


Good morning. I just wanna say I'm a very patriotic American. I did 20 years in the military, two two of Vietnam wounded in 1966 when back in 68. And I look at myself and think about we as a military man, we pulled a close with kill capital, destroy the enemy by all means available and to sea. We let this man Trump destroy America. And I look at it and say, well these two people had to step up and take that shot. I 83. Nothing to lose. What? I'm sorry Willie. You're not advocating violence, are you? Not violence? I'm talking about defending my country. All right, Dan in Louisville, Kentucky machine.


How about the look on that guy's face. He's like, wait a minute button. Oh there is such humor. I don't know If you ever, like I, we had to watch these shows when we were in the Senate. 'cause you'd have CSPAN on. Yeah, because they put the floor on at like eight, nine o'clock. So you'd have to turn it on and they would do these call-in shows. It is high comedy when you'd get into the end of an election season. 'cause the whole gist of what they do is that they sit there, they read the news basically on screen, like they got a newspaper, they're literally reading it to you. And then they take calls and they take Republican, Democrat, republican, democrat. And there's always this guy that looks exactly like that guy that they had on there who's like earnestly staring into the camera and they're like, oh yeah, call her from here. And the the guy, they inevitably lose their mind.


Yeah. And watching the face of the guy when he understands he is got a live one on. It's one of the funniest things you can ever see in politics. Oh God. Oh man. I kind of expected him to push back a little. Like to be clear, you know, we are not calling for violence. Do not listen to Willie. Willie Sounds like a psycho, like maybe something like that. I know. Ban anchor. But my friend, you know, television person to television person. Maybe just a word of like please don't, please don't. Yeah, that's all. Please. Nothing more than that. That'll do it. Also, Also maybe a quick call to the FBI on. Yeah, yeah. Where exactly are you Willie?


Just where, where exactly In Louisiana. Walk us through it. I know Holmes has gotta go before the rest of you have to go and before he goes, I do wanna get to these polls. Okay. 'cause I'd love to have everybody's take on them. Yeah. How do you feel about what's come out? Because I read you some of the numbers on the, well I gave you the North Carolina headline on the Emerson polling, but I'll just go down the list. Pennsylvania, they have Trump up one in July. They had him up six in Georgia. They have Trump up three in July. This is against Harris. He was up six in Arizona. They have Trump up one in July, he was up eight in Wisconsin.


Trump is up one that's the same result as July in Nevada. It's a tie. They don't have July polling, they only have August. Harris was up one. North Carolina, we went over it's Harris up one and Michigan. They have Harris up two in July. It was Trump up three. Now you could make a good argument that this is not going in the right direction for Trump. Right? If, you just wanna look at like directional polling as opposed to just today's snapshot. I think you'd be feeling better If. you were on Team Harris, but what do I know you guys tell me. I think there's three different lenses that you have to put on today's polling in order to give it the proper context.


The first lens is 2020, the last time that Trump was on the ballot. And what do those polls look like? Vis-a-vis Biden and what turned out to be a very close election. The second is the Biden numbers. Many of one which you just read in those July polling numbers where Trump had this just magnificent lead over a clear invalid who had like basically defecated on on himself in his debate stage. Right? I mean this is like the, it'll only be the high water mark for any Republican, let alone Donald Trump. And then the third lens is what does it look like from the time that Kamala Harris got in the race through the DNC convention by all three of those lenses. He's better than he was in 2020 by a long shot. Three four points per state.


Some even more than that for the, for the pre the Biden ma late matchup in in late June and early July. It's clearly a step back. But you've got a brand new candidate who's ran a coronation campaign for 10 weeks. Much of that is kind of comes with the territory. But the, the third piece that I think is most important is that she was riding this incredible high through the DNC that began to fade just after Labor Day. And it settled into this remarkable place where it looks an awful lot like the race you thought you were gonna get in September of 2023. This is just gonna be a tight election. We know what these candidates and, and, and how the American people have broken down over the last several cycles.


It is just gonna be a nailbiter. But by looking at those three different lenses, you would say the only thing that I have a little bit of a problem in, I think if he would've just blown the water out in that debate, it's over. And he had a chance to actually end her campaign 'cause it was heading back in the wrong direction. She's sort of stabilized and I think we're probably in for, you know, a real late night on election night. And in the case of like Maricopa County, Arizona, it would probably be December. Yeah. I think the one thing I would add on that to Holmes's second point on those June and July numbers of Biden or when Harris Wright, you know, got right in the race, like Trump had a, a bigger lead in in those surveys.


But you gotta look at who were the people you know, sitting on the sidelines who were the undecided voters at that point? They, the vast, vast majority were based Democrat voters who just, and young and young voters who are just demoralized about Biden and this sort of malaise in the Democratic party. So yes. Is the election tighter? And has Harris taken a theoretical lead in some of these states? Yes. But. it was just getting back her side to reengage in politics. Right. So like to back to what Holmes said, it's like this is the race we expected a year ago today. Can I give you a couple other numbers?


Quinnipiac blue wall polling, that's Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin that is showing Harris is up five in Pennsylvania in on August 14th. They were showing her up three. And this is said to be a more Democrat leaning poll. RCP says that, anyway, Michigan Harris is up five according to this poll. There was no recent poll to compare it to. And Wisconsin, they have Harris up one. The last Q poll in Wisconsin was back in May, Biden was up six. So by that measure Trump's doing much better in the state of Wisconsin.


And then there's this Seltzer Iowa poll and this is, this is the Des Moines Iowa or De Des Moines register poll conducted by Seltzer and Co. It was conducted last week before the second assassination attempt. My God, it's amazing how we just kind of throw that out there now and it's showing Trump up four, which you might think sounds good, but Mm. 'cause he won Iowa Trump did by 8.2 in 2020 and 9.4 in 2016. So why is he only up four in this, what is said to be the gold standard poll in Iowa? Not that we're worried about Trump losing Iowa. Just what does that tell you? Yeah, I I think, if I'm not mistaken, those numbers are very similar to where he was in 2020 and maybe even leaner than that in 2016.


I I, I'm Not worried about that at this point in the race that, that's interesting. Also, just say nobody's up five in any of these states that, I mean that that's okay. It's, it's a lie. This is a margin of, this is a margin of error race. You would have to work very, very hard to try to find a five point split in your sample base. Like I wouldn't even release that poll. 'cause it's just not, it's not true. I mean, the upside of what we do for a living is that we have a lot of polls. We get, we're privy to a lot of this stuff. And I think that the reality is Pennsylvania's tied. I mean it's just straight up tide and turnout obviously gonna have a lot to do. The universes then ultimately make up the election day turnout are gonna be really big. Early votes really big. Everything's really big. It just, the composition of all of that matters.


I mean we saw in 2022 Democrats basically put the election away in Pennsylvania before they got to election day. Right? I mean, most people who voted in that election never got to see John. John Federman actually have that debate moment against Oz where he just did terribly. Their votes were already in the bank. I think the Republican party got a little bit better handle on it this time around. I mean there's no like denying that the sky is blue and people actually do vote by mail and they vote early and all those things and their efforts underway. I do do, I do Do you feel good about the get out the vote effort? I wouldn't say I feel good. I'd say I feel better. I feel a lot better than when we were at 2020. But, and, and I feel better Than how, how does it get amped up to good to great?


I Don't think, I don't think, well, we'll see. I mean, look, I'd love to be surprised. I'd love to be surprised. I mean, one hopeful data point in particular in Arizona If, you look at the absentee by mail and ev early vote in like the Arizona primary on the Republican side. Yes, good point. We, we saw a lot of very strong numbers in the Republican primary and there have been some attrition there in 2020. And a lot of that is, you know, due to, to Trump and, and other folks who are trying to get people to only vote on election day, which is a huge mistake in some of these states where they mail out ballots. Right. But the other thing I would note is like no one in our politics has outperformed his polling more consistently than Donald Trump.


Yeah. You know, and I remember in 2020, and I in particular, and I agree with you, I mean like the seltzer poll has largely been seen as the gold standard. But I remember in 2020 when Jonie put up like a, you may even remember this, put up like a Trump ad in the final like week or week and a half before election day in 2020. And all these DC journalists were like, oh, maybe Jonie Ernst is in trouble in the Senate race. And then she like, I think she won by nine. You know? Yeah. And so like it's just, it's it's tight. It's tight. I hate to say it's all gonna come down and turn out and be the most glib hack in Washington. But the reality is, it kind of is. Yeah. The, the other poll is the New York Times Sienna poll, which is showing them Tide.


And by the way, to your point I, I wanted to mention, so Quinnipiac this more dem leading poll shows her up five in Pennsylvania. But as I mentioned, Emerson shows her up, shows Trump up one, it shows Michigan up the Quinnipiac Harris up five and Emerson is showing Harris up two. So yeah, to your point, no one's up five. So anyway, back to the New York Times Sienna poll, a new one just dropped showing that while overwhelmingly viewers or voters thought that she won the debate, 67% to 40%, this is from the New York Times quote. But she failed. She has failed so far to seize a decisive advantage in the presidential campaign as a result of it.


They have them tied 47 to 47 before the debate they had Trump up to in Pennsylvania. They're showing her up four. But that is unchanged since early August when Harris was up four. They have, let's see, this is interesting too. Harris's biggest problem overall is that far more voters see her as too liberal than view Trump as too conservative. Yeah. So that is some good news for team Trump. Like she's not defining herself and bit by bit they are defining her. No question about it.


I mean I think we've talked about this a lot probably with you too, Megan. Is it it the, the one great lie about this entire election is that somehow Donald Trump is the radical. Yeah. Right. I mean, from an ideological standpoint, from a policy standpoint, he is dead center in the middle of this election. I've never seen a nominee of either two parties be more in the center in terms of what their policy prescriptions are if they were to become president of the United States. She has a record of being a far leftist and has since provided absolutely no context for us to believe that she has somehow had an epiphany other than to say, well now I don't believe any of that stuff. Right. And how and how do we know that Donald Trump is at the center of the electorate? Well, because even on the things that the Democrats used to call him extreme on like the border wall.


Yeah. Now you've got Kamala Harris literally cutting ads featuring it. Yeah. Featuring it. So yeah, she is the radical. And the other part of this that is sort of easy, I wouldn't say easy, but makes the job easier. Everything Kamala said in 2019 is on tape, it's on video, you know, so like all the time that she's using, avoiding interviews is an opportunity for team Trump to run another ad of her own words out of her own mouth saying radical things. There's all one state before we wrap this up, you mentioned Wisconsin. Wisconsin has been moving over the last week to 10 days. That was a state that I think If you looked at in early August. You would say, boy, it feels like a reach both for Trump and for a senate race with a candidate by the name of Eric Covey.


It just looked like that margin couldn't be closed. And you saw Democrats hovering around that 50 or above line, which is usually trouble when it comes to an election like this. What we've seen over the last week to 10 days is that has just absolutely collapsed. I mean, that is a now margin of error raise and a lot of advertising going on, that there's a lot of advertising going on there that people don't, you know, have a perfect window into here in Washington DC or New York or anywhere else. But the voters are being subjected to the arguments in real time in a very heavy way. And to the point that we were talking about, who is in the center of the electorate, what arguments are being made that resonate with that center of the electorate?


It's Donald Trump's argument. It's about closing the border. It's about having a strong economy. It's about making sure that your communities are safe. What is she talking about? Donald Trump's crazy, right? Joy. Joy and, and and, but it's like, it's just amorphous nothingness. Right? And you can see in some of these states where they haven't been subjected to the level of advertising that like a Pennsylvania has since last April. Once that has become heavier, you're seeing real ballot moves. I would not be surprised at all if Wisconsin comes very online here in the next two or three weeks as that begins to penetrate even deeper into the electorate. Hmm. Okay. So we are gonna talk about how far left she is, but we'll let Holmes go 'cause he has, has something else to do.


Before we do that, Josh Holmes, great to see you. Thank you fellas, for sticking around. We'll take a quick break and be right back.


I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


As we were able to find that Iowa, the Des Moines Register poll, at least for 2020, mid-September. And it showed Biden and Trump tied. So, so you guys were exactly right by that standard. He's doing better even in Iowa than he did that time and he, he won it, you know, by a healthy margin, as I said last time around. So interesting. Okay. There's a lot still to get through. I need another half an hour of the show, but I don't have it. Okay. Just how far left is Kamala Harris? Can we find? Yeah. This clip is being circulated online.


This is from 2007. Her talking about her right to intrude on the peaceful homes of gun owners sought seven. Just because you legally possess a gun in the sanctity of your locked home doesn't mean that we're not gonna walk into that home and check to see if you're being responsible and safe in the way you conduct your affair. Wait what? I mean, Wow, I I mean we could play 25. You're being legal like that M walk. I mean, what the hell? I love how she also mentioned your house may be locked, but that's not gonna stop. Yeah, that won't stop. Yeah. I mean it's, it's really incredible, Megan.


I mean, the further you go back, there's like, there's multiple iterations of Kamala Harris depending on where she was at the stage of her career, where she's sort of like, it ebbs and flows between left wing lunatic and person trying to triangulate for a general election. But I mean, you go back to the old stuff and she really gives you that unvarnished, uncut left wing lunacy. It's really incredible. Yeah. Okay. But what we're hearing from the left is that that person there will terrify people. And I don't just mean gun owners in America who should be terrified by her. I mean people like Vladimir Putin, who is going to be afraid of Kamala Harris for reasons you may not have anticipated.


Take a listen to M-S-N-B-C guest, Brigadier General Steven Anderson yesterday saw 28. But Kamala Harris would be just the opposite. Why? Because she's an inspiration. Not only is she positive, does she bring hope and optimism, but as a black woman, the, the product of a mixed marriage, she will inspire millions of people throughout the world. Our credibility as a nation, you know, that we would be able to allow our country is so great that we're allowed a woman like that to become the commander in chief, the president of the United States that is gonna send a powerful message all over the world. People like Vladimir Putin are gonna say, Hey, wait a minute, these guys, you know, they truly have democratic country.


They truly are representative. They truly are fighting for all their people in Kamala Harris is a manifestation of that. Wow. Which it's just, it's ins was she's just gonna look at Putin and say, I'm a role model damnit, pay attention to me. I'm a role model. Don't you know another first I'm from the middle class. I mean, first I know like Putin would be quaking in his boots because he is like, folks, representation matters. And I look at this country and I know I can't mess with them, but I mean that's the level of brain rot that has taken over the left where the only thing that matters And the military smoke. How did that guy become a brigadier general? I mean the, I think he's trying to figure out how to get on TV and he's figured out the way.


Yeah. If, you just push a left wing line, just shallow pander and there you go. You know, also, I mean, we can go back to recent history when Barack Obama was elected, you know, same sort of milestone presidency and people made the same argument back then. How did that work with the red line in Syria? Didn't really work. How did it work when Putin invaded Crimea? Was he like, well I can't do that because America just elected their first black president. I mean like, like, like it's, it is elementary level brain rot. Like I, I can't believe people go on national television and make an argument that asinine The the interracial marriage, that's what's gonna bring him to his knees. Yeah. Right. He's gonna be like, you know, If, you had just been a black Indian woman that's, but she married a white guy.


I give up. I'm disarming. Also, I would point out like America's enemies want the Democrats elected. We just found out last night reported in the hill that, you know, the Trump campaign was hacked by Iran. And Iran has been trying to peal all of this information from the Trump campaign to Joe Biden and his former staffers and campaign folks. So, I mean, I think America's enemies have been very clear with who they would like to be elected. And it's Kamala Harris. Yeah. This should concern you if you're on the receiving end of that offer. Like why are, why do they want me? What is it about me that makes me so appealing to Iran? Hmm. Speaking of interracial marriages, I've gotta get this insanity to you.


Sonny Hostin over at the View had some choice words for Brittany Mahomes who's married to the other Mahomes guy who plays for the Chiefs. And he's apparently a very good football player. And he, she had the temerity to like a Trump post online something about Trump or Trump a Trump post. And she's been taking shit for it ever since. She wound up posting this defensive tweet saying, God, people are like, you gotta settle down, like go be a better person and don't jump all over people for just random stuff. And here's Sonny Hassan weighing in on it yesterday saw 30. It just seems to me that since she is in an interracial marriage, she should have known that to support a racist is problematic.


Her children are, are biracial and her families, one of the families in that in the seventies could not have lived in any of Donald Trump's buildings. So it just seems to me that maybe she's just not that politically savvy or maybe she's just not read in. Well, and granted But it all we know is that Problematic. That's their favorite, that's their favorite term to use when they don't actually know what it is and it's full of shit. Yep. You know, it's problematic. Well, it's been said, of Course you have to insult her, right? Like she's not read in, she just, she's too dumb to know she's supporting this racist. But I, Sonny Hostin am here to tell her It's the problem with the left.


Nobody's allowed to have a differing opinion. That's the thing. It's like the everything has to be monolithic. No, here are the talking points. This is what you have to sign onto and salute and If. you don't, you're out. Yeah. I mean it is, I don't know how anybody watches that show. I mean, I don't know if it was Steve or you, Megan, who was watching the View that picked that up and they were, you were like, oh, hmm, you always have the best view. You do content like you, you do the hard work. I have great producers For the rest of America. Yeah. They're the ones who make this show so great. They find all sorts of fun nuggets. But it's just so, it's like, why don't you expand that further? Let's talk about Trump doubling his support, at least according to the latest poll with black men. Are they also uninformed and not read in?


Because if I said that you'd be calling me a racist, but I guess you, you're by implication you can say it about a white woman, but you're also saying it about black voters who are ready to pull the lever for Trump. They're just too dumb to realize they're voting for a racist who hates them. Listen to Sonny Hostin. She knows better. Yeah. And then also like just brass tack here. Donald Trump presided over an economy that had the lowest African American unemployment rate in history. You know, maybe that is motivating black voters to support Donald Trump in larger margins than they did in 2020. But I mean like that's just an informed, informed opinion of your own personal situation.


And according to Sonny hosts, that doesn't matter. And I also think it's sort of remarkable and the view is great at this. They love attacking women, just a real woman supporting women show. But like why can't she just have her own views? Why is it about her kids or what her husband does and all these sort of other things. Right? Why can't she just believe what she believes? You would think most Independent Women, and I assume the View is a show for that sort of thing would support that sort of thing. And, and from, from what I understand, it's not like she was out on the campaign trail, it's just that she liked the post on social media. So they've got their researchers going through the posts of people to see what they like and don't like.


Of course, get outta here. It made news. It may news because you're not allowed to like anything Trump does. Go ahead smug. Right. That's the thing is they have to make, they're like an ingroup and an outgroup and If. you do anything against the rules. You have to be put in the outgroup as an example to others. That's how you keep these insane people. On the same side, how you can end up with queers for Palestine. None of the left makes sense to be working together right now. All they're put together by is this DEI framework of Trump is the next Hitler. And if any way you disagree with us, well you're out in the cold, you're done for Yeah. I mean they, they create this basically culture of silence, right. Where like people don't express their views.


Yep. Right. 'cause they're scared they're gonna be part of the outgroup. And I gotta tell you, Megan, that's why Donald Trump always outperforms his polls. Yeah. Mm. Very good. Very good way to end the show you Guys. Yeah. I'm just sort of Ty. There you go. Pleasure as always. Love having you on. Thanks for coming on fellas. Thank you. Thanks for having us. Thanks much. Alright. And we're back tomorrow with Maureen Callahan. We're gonna be doing a deep dive on these disturbing Sean Combs, Diddy allegations. Good lord. Stay tuned for that. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with Bet MGM sports book. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet, hike the bet. MGM map is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.