
Trump country is booming. We're building, hiring and winning in America because energy tax credits create jobs and put America first Jobs and factories will come roaring back into our country. More production at home will mean stronger competition and lower prices for consumers. And America's comeback depends on American energy. President Trump keep what works. Don't repeal energy tax credits. Learn more at Built For America US Paid for by Built For America.


Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, June 24th, 2025 and this is your AM Update. The President without knock on wood, having a single American casualty obliterated the Iranian nuclear program. What the president is really trying to figure out here is to build a long-term settlement. Here, President Trump announces a ceasefire between Israel and Iran following the Iranian's Limited retaliatory strikes against American targets. The honor Joe Biden. There was a 1,272 Nationals Iran releasing the country, right? So we know that some terrorists have have crossed that border. We'd be a fool of think zero Cross Borders are Tom Holman detailing the number of Iranians who illegally entered the US under Joe Biden Jurors in the Sean Diddy Combs criminal trial view.


More sexually explicit materials as the prosecution's case enters the final stretch and its primary day in New York City as Democrat voters decide largely between their disgraced former governor and an A OC protege. All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


It's time you've heard about Riverbend Ranch. Riverbend Ranch is located just a few miles from West Yellowstone, Montana and is known as one of the most respected Angus ranches in the nation. Angus Beef is known for its great flavor and tenderness, but the cattle at Riverbend Ranch are not your average Angus cattle. 35 years ago using ultrasound technology, the owner of Riverbend Ranch began scouring the nation to identify specific purebred Angus cows that genetically produce a higher level of marbling and tenderness than normal Angus cattle. After over 30 years of careful selection and breeding, Riverbend Ranch developed beef that has superior flavor and tenderness. They take great, great pride in the humane treatment of their herd. The cattle spend their days in Lush Mountain Meadows of Idaho, Montana and Wyoming, and they're raised without the use of artificial growth hormones or antibiotics. This is real American beef, born in America, raised in America, and processed in America, and the beef is shipped directly from the ranch to your home. Go to Riverbend Ranch dot com. Use promo code Megan to get $20 off on your first order. It's absolutely delicious. You can taste the difference. Riverbend Ranch dot com promo code Megan


Iran launching multiple missiles at US bases in the Middle East on Monday. Retaliation for President Trump's momentous decision to bomb three key Iranian nuclear facilities on Saturday evening in a targeted military strike. The Iranian National Security Council saying the number of missiles launched was equal to the number of bombs used by the US in the attack US B two bombers on Saturday dropping 14 30,000 pound bunker buster bombs on two locations in Iran. Qatar is home to the largest US military base in the Middle East where approximately 10,000 US service members are stationed. Following the strike. Reuters reporting a senior Iranian official saying the country quote has the necessary rationality to begin diplomacy, but also saying if the US is seeking negotiations, then Israeli and US attacks must stop.


President Trump posting on truth social that Iran gave advanced notice of the strikes writing quote, Iran has officially responded to our obliteration of their nuclear facilities with a very weak response, which we expected and have very effectively countered. There have been 14 missiles fired, 13 were knocked down and one was set free because it was headed in a non-threatening direction. I am pleased to report that no Americans were harmed and hardly any damage was done. Most importantly, they've gotten it all out of their system and there will hopefully be no further hate. I wanna thank Iran for giving us early notice which made it possible for no lives to be lost and nobody to be injured. Perhaps Iran can now proceed to peace and harmony in the region and I will enthusiastically encourage Israel to do the same.


President Trump following up in another post quote, congratulations world. It's time for peace. Hours later, president Trump posting to truth social quote. It has been fully agreed by and between Israel and Iran that there will be a complete and total ceasefire. An official end to the 12 day war will be saluted by the world on the assumption that everything works as it should, which it will. I would like to congratulate both countries, Israel and Iran, on having the stamina, courage, and intelligence to end what should be called the 12 Day War Vice President JD Vance reacting on Fox moments after the president's announcement. First of all, the president without knock on wood, having a single American casualty obliterated the Iranian nuclear program.


We are now in a place where we weren't A week ago. A week ago, Iran was very close to having a nuclear weapon. Now Iran is incapable of building a nuclear weapon with the equipment they have because we destroyed it. While we have obliterated the Iranian nuclear program, our hope and our expectation is that they're not gonna try to rebuild that program. And I think that's what the president is really trying to figure out here is to build a long-term settlement here to where we can have peace in the region where our regional allies, and of course the American people most importantly can be secured, but where we can ensure that the destruction of the Iranian nuclear program that has already happened is not something they try to rebuild. A senior Iranian official leader confirmed to Reuters that the Islamic Republic has agreed to AC ceases fire proposal in recent years, the Iranian regime facing rising discontent among its people.


In 2022, a widespread revolt sparked when a young woman was beaten to death for violating the mandatory hijab law. The protests lasting months, but eventually fading, following a major crackdown as recently as May protests erupting in response to rising prices and poor economic conditions. On Monday, the exiled son of the last s Shah of Iran raise up Avi whose father was ousted by the Mullahs in 1979, offering to lead a transition to a democratic Iran. If the Iranian people rise up against the regime, There's only one way to achieve peace, a secular democratic Iran. I am here today to submit myself to my compatriots, to lead them down this road of peace and democratic transition.


To those of you who are loyal to the Iranian nation and not the Islamic Republic, there is a future for you in a democratic Iran if you join the people. Now I am establishing a formal channel for military security and police personnel to reach out directly to me, my team, and our expanding operation. This is a secure platform to efficiency, manage the growing volume of inbound communications and requests from those breaking with the regime and seeking to join our movement.


Pavi going on to implore supreme leader Ali Kane, who is reportedly in hiding to step down and face justice promising a fair trial and due process in return. It is unclear what level of support Pavi has inside Iran. However, author and historian Victor Davis Hansen, Monday on The Megyn Kelly Show describing the stark change in circumstances the Iranian regime is facing and predicting the end of the Ayatollah's reign may well be in sight. No one would've believed. This is if you said in 20 months Israeli and American pilots are gonna be flying at will all through Iranian airspace, there's gonna be no ability to knock anybody down. They have no air defenses.


They had this reputation, but it was kind of shattered this last two weeks. And I think that we're still stuck with the idea that they can do all of these formidable things, but they actually are in a state of panic right now. I think the biggest danger just to finish for the Iranians is the military because they have taken out the top 20 or 25 generals with the closest ties at theocracy and everybody who else the subordinate generals know they're gonna be on the list. If there's going to be a regime change, and I'm sure it's gonna be the people, I think it's gonna gonna be somebody in the military who's gonna say to the people, we didn't do this. They did that. Theocracy did.


Borders are Tom Holman commenting on the number of Iranian illegals inside America describing the realities caused by four years of Joe Biden's wide open southern border in a Fox News interview. Over 2 million people crossed that border. We don't know who they are, where they came from because they got away. Do we know where every one that 2 million are? No, we don't know who they all are. We don't know why they're here, where they came from, but we do know be Border patrol intelligence. In the last four years, they found prayer mats assault to the border. They found identification from people of Iran, Turkey, Uzbekistan, Syria, south to the border, right? So we know that some terrorists have have, have crossed that border.


We'd be a fool to think zero Cross Fox's Bill Milus reporting of the 1,504 Iranian nationals caught crossing the border illegally from fiscal year 2021 through 20 24, 40 8% were released back into the country. It's unclear how many Iranians who entered the country under the Biden administration were on the terror watch list. Though all Iranians are classified as special interest aliens due to national security concerns. In early June, president Trump imposing a travel ban on foreign nationals entering from Iran as well as other high risk nations coming up, closing arguments in the Sean Diddy Combs trial expected Thursday as the prosecution nears the end of its case and New York City voters today turn out to choose who will be the Democrat candidate in the mayoral primary, an accused serial sexual harasser, or a socialist.


If you've ever tried to sleep through a summer heatwave, You know the struggle. You flip the pillow over, you toss the covers, you're sweating through the night, it's unpleasant. Let me tell you about Cozy Earth sheets. These are not your average sheets made from Visco, from bamboo, Cozy Earth bedding is naturally temperature regulating, designed to keep you cool, dry and comfortable all night long. But Cozy Earth is not just for bedtime. They're apparel line like the all day Tea and Studio Pant collection is ridiculously soft, breathable, and perfect for lounging traveling or just living in comfort. Once you try it, you'll wanna wear it everywhere. And here's the best part, there's no risk. Cozy Earth offers a 100 night sleep trial and a 10 year warranty. Try them during the hottest stretch of the year. If you're not completely in love, send a mom back in luxury. Should not be out of reach. Go to Cozy Earth dot com, use my code Megan for up to 40% off best selling temperature regulating sheets, apparel and more. Trust me, you'll feel the difference. The very first night Cozy Earth dot com code Megan,


Special agent for Homeland Security Investigations. Joseph Cielo back on the stand. Monday in the Sean Diddy Combs criminal trial agent Cielo called by prosecutors to link together troves of evidence, including thousands of pages of text messages, phone records, financial records, and other documents seeking to prove Mr. Combs was the leader of a criminal enterprise involving members of his staff. Cielo, confirming several sexually explicit videos depicting alleged girlfriend and combs victim Jane engaging in relations with other men. Adding combs can also be seen in the videos the jury viewing 12 more minutes of videos of Jane engaging in what she and combs referred to as hotel nights or debauchery reporters.


Inside the courtroom reporting two jury members closed their eyes as the footage was played, the defense anticipates resting its case. By the end of today, they say they will not call Combs or anyone else as a witness, instead opting to present additional other evidence that they say will support their client's innocence. Closing arguments expected to begin on Thursday, its primary day in New York City. New Yorkers turning out to vote for their preferred mayoral candidate. As recent polls show disgraced former governor Andrew Cuomo may lose to Zoran Memani in his bid to secure the Democrat nomination as political put it, quote, how on earth are voters in America's largest city, choosing between a 33-year-old socialist and a sex pest for mayor, the former Momani endorsed by congresswoman a OC, running on a radical leftist platform.


Here now a montage from several of his campaign ads On June 24th. Let's get some more free transit. New York is a sanctuary city, but Eric Adams has allowed ice to operate in our neighborhoods and on our campuses with impunity. The landlord lobby knows I'm gonna freeze your rent. City owned grocery stores with guaranteed lower prices. We're gonna take the price gouging out of produce. And the latter Governor Cuomo resigning from his post is Governor In August, 2021, after a report by New York Attorney General Leticia James concluded he sexually harassed at least 11 women. Governor Cuomo, a once rising star in the Democrat party, thought at one point to be a possible future presidential contender, also haunted by another 2021 New York Attorney General Report, finding his administration under reported nursing home deaths during COVID by as much as 50% that was following his widely challenged and heavily criticized decision to send COVID positive patients into New York nursing homes despite being explicitly warned it would kill elderly residents.


A reminder incumbent Mayor Eric Adams announced in April, he is running as an independent New York City uses ranked choice voting, meaning if no single candidate earns more than half of the vote on the first round of the primary vote, the last ranked candidate is tossed out, and the second preference of those who voted for that last ranked candidate is counted. Instead, Ani is counting on Cuomo, not securing more than half the vote in the first round, hoping subsequent rounds will push him over the threshold. The final survey of the race conducted by Emerson College PS 11 and the Hill finding Cuomo holding a narrow lead at 35%, followed by ANI at 32.


And the third place candidate Comptroller Brad Lander, trailing by double digits when ranked choice is considered. Emerson has Ani winning the primary at 52% versus Cuomo's 48. Another recent poll by Marist showing Governor Cuomo leading with 38% to mom, Donny's 27, and the other candidates trailing far behind despite the ultimate outcome. NBC's chief data analyst, Steve Kki, explains how this raise could lead to an even more dramatic general election. Let's say that Andrew Cuomo were to lose the Democratic primary to Zoran ami. So Zoran Momani would then be the Democratic candidate, but Cuomo is also going to be the nominee of a party he created called the Fight and Deliver Party.


So even if he loses the primary and Momani is the Democratic candidate, Cuomo can still run in November as the fight and deliver candidate for that matter. If Cuomo were to win the primary and Momani were to lose it, there's a party called the Working Families Party that's already said a Democrat should vote for Momani and this primary that may well endorse him if he wants to run as their candidate so he could take another shot at it in the general election. Republican Curtis Lewa will also be vying for the city's top job in the general election that vote set for November 4th. And that'll do it for your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for The Megyn Kelly Show.


Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at noon east on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.


What time is it? Chumba time? Chumba Casino dot com is the online social casino with over 100 free games play anytime anywhere for your chance to redeem some serious prizes. No purchase necessary. VGW Group Void were prohibited by law. 21 plus terms and conditions apply.