
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, February 25th, 2025, and this is your AM Update for The agreements being worked on. Now they're very close to a final deal. Despite some tension between president's Trump and Zelensky, The U, US and Ukraine are close to signing an agreement. As The U US prepares to make a significant financial investment into Ukraine, European leaders step up to provide security assurances. We're able to announce the closure of this site. We're closing 53 sites within the span of a year. New York City Mayor Eric Adams, announces the closure of the four star hotel that was used as a command center to receive thousands of migrants under the Biden administration and a major shakeup at M-S-N-B-C leaves viewers without any joy, all that and more coming up on your AM update.


So many people these days are super focused on their health, right? On eating healthier and living healthier. And in that vein, let me tell you about Jacob. And Kristen, the founders of We Heart Nutrition. They are raising five kids while running a company that is helping hardworking Americans to live that American dream. We Heart Nutrition makes high quality research backed supplements for women and men at every stage of life helping you stay strong, energized, and hitting your wellness goals. But this is not just another supplement company. They're proudly pro-life. Donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers supporting moms and babies in need, they have over 1005 star reviews from real people who are seeing real results. Go to We Heart Nutrition dot com and take their quick 22nd quiz to get your personalized supplement subscription recommendation delivered right to your door each month. And right now they are giving you 20% off your first order with my code Megan, invest in your health. Go to We Heart Nutrition dot com and use the code Megan for 20% off. That's We Heart Nutrition dot com code M-E-G-Y-N.


Despite many public barbs and expressions of discontent, The U, US and Ukraine are reportedly within inches of signing a deal that would forge an extended economic partnership. The latest details confirmed to Axios by Ukrainian officials call for a reconstruction investment fund. The U US and Ukraine will be co-managers. The Ukrainians will contribute 500 billion to the fund, double what The U US will put in, expected to take the form of minerals. This appears to be a compromise from President Trump's initial position that Ukraine would have to pay The U US back for its support over the last three years. The draft of the agreement reads, quote, the government of the United States of America intends to provide a long-term financial commitment to the development of a stable and economically prosperous Ukraine.


The fund will invest in projects in Ukraine, which they hope will lure other investors into Ukraine along with new development prospects. Further details from the agreement stipulate some direct repayment to The U US for its aid, though the exact terms remain unclear. President Trump commented on the agreement from the Oval Office yesterday while hosting French President Emmanuel Macron. I will be meeting with President Zelinsky. In fact, he may come in this week or next week to sign the agreement and which would be nice I'd I'd love to meet him with meet at the Oval Office. So the agreement's being worked on now they're very close to a final deal. It'll be a deal with rare earths and various other things and he would like to come as I understand it here to sign it and that would be great with me.


I think they then have to get it approved by their counsel or whoever might approve it, but I'm sure that will happen. President Trump stating the war could end within weeks. Quote, if they are smart terms of the deal. Do not include any type of US military commitment in Ukraine. It is purely an economic proposition backed by the idea that an area of strong financial interest for America will not be an easy target for the wandering eye of Russian president Vladimir Putin. Since taking office, president Trump repeatedly stated his expectation is for European leaders to take more of a lead in protecting Europe. French President Emmanuel Macron has been a leader in rallying European leaders to contribute more.


Holding two emergency sessions to coordinate Europe's response. Mr. Macron spoke about those efforts yesterday at the White House via a translator. And we've also been able to speak about some of this work with our British partners to talk about deployments of peace forces on Ukrainian soil, which are part of these security guarantees. Other countries are ready to join. In this effort, we have the same wish, the renewal of an international situation where we are all able to shoulder our responsibilities. Europeans shouldering their responsibilities alongside their American allies who will shoulder their own responsibilities.


Europeans need to do more for security in Europe, for defense in Europe, and to more fairly share the security burden, burden that your country has been caring for so many years. Earlier in the day, president Trump was asked if President Putin will accept European troops in Ukraine as peacekeepers the president responding from the oval. Yeah, he will accept that. I've asked him that question. You talk to me, I've asked him that question. Look, if we do this deal, he's not looking for more war doesn't mind, but I've specifically asked him that question. He has no problem with it. President Trump says at some point he will meet with Mr. Putin. Over the weekend, Russia's Deputy Foreign Minister, Sergey OV telling Russian State Media the groundwork for the summit is underway and topics will include wider talks on global issues, not just the war in Ukraine.


British Prime Minister Kiir Starmer is scheduled to visit the White House on Thursday for further discussions on European participation in Ukraine's security. Meanwhile, in Germany, the potential next chancellor is telling his European counterparts, The U us cannot be relied on Friedrich Mertz hot off his Sunday election win. Criticizing the Trump administration's approach to negotiations with Russia saying the attempt to make a deal with Russia on Ukraine in his view without the Europeans or Ukraine is unacceptable. Mr. Mertz saying if they quote, do not just make America first, but America alone, their motto, then it will be difficult.


He followed up on that comment with optimism that he will succeed in maintaining the transatlantic partnership. But before Mr. Mertz can shape Germany's foreign policy, he has to secure his own path to power at home. Germany's parliamentary system means parties have to form coalitions. Mertz Center right coalition secured just 29% of the seats in second place. The A FD, the alternative for Germany party. They want about 21% of the seats the conservative government voted for by about half of the German population will likely not come to fruition. However, historian Victor Davis Hansen explained further on the me Kelly show yesterday, Obstructive criticism. It says, we want you to be live up to your Western obligations to ensure free speech and it's gonna make it much worse because if you took the AFDs vote and Merc's vote, it's about 50 51% of the people and they should have a conservative government.


Yes, but he's going to reach out to the Green Party and the social Democrats and there's not going to be a conservative voice in Germany. And that's gonna make people even angrier after they ha they feel they voted for a conservative majority Coming up. New York City Mayor Eric Adams says, the Roosevelt Hotel converted migrant processing facility is closing and a big shakeup at M-S-N-B-C leaves viewers joyless


These days. Personal safety is not something that can be left to chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. That's why Berna is the choice for many. Berna is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool, compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Burna uses non-lethal rounds, tear, gas, pepper, and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part, burna can be shipped direct to your door and it's legal in all 50 states. Burna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Sometimes a firearm is not the right option for you, and Byrna provides a powerful alternative. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com, that's B yna.com/megan to receive a 10% discount and learn why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are making the switch to Bea's less lethal protection. Bea, non-lethal self-defense, always ready.


New York City Mayor Eric Adams announcing the closure of the Roosevelt Hotel used as a processing center and migrant shelter. Since 2023, Our administration has skillfully managed this crisis, which has seen over 232,000 migrants into our city. Asking for shelter and the Roosevelt Hotel has been key in allowing us to effectively manage our operation, processing almost 75% of individuals that have come into our care through these doors. Now, thanks to the silent policy decisions of our team, we're able to announce the closure of this site and help even more asylum seekers take the next steps in their journeys while simultaneously saving taxpayers millions of dollars.


With disclosure, we're closing 53 sites within the span of a year. A flashpoint of the immigration debate, the four star accommodation rented out by taxpayers under a $220 million contract providing lodging for thousands of migrants brought in under the Biden administration. The city quickly began to collapse amid the influx of migrants bust to the city by Texas governor Greg Abbott. The 4,000 migrants arriving per week in New York at that time, just a tiny fraction of the onslaught Texas was dealing with along the southern border. In December, mayor Adams office reported that the arrivals had fallen to just 800.


New York City is a sanctuary city with a right to housing, meaning the city was barred from cooperating with ice officials and they were required to provide shelter for all new arrivals. The Roosevelt Hotel and other shelters will officially close by June of this year. With the arrival of the Trump administration, mayor Adams promise to increase cooperation between city and federal officials. Critics of the mayor say this, closure is the product of a quid pro quo deal. Mayor Adams was facing corruption charges brought under the Biden administration. They were dropped by the Trump DOJ. Mayor Adams denies the allegations. He began publicly speaking out about the immigration crisis in the summer of 2023 saying Our cup has basically runeth over.


We have no more room in the city. Documents obtained by CBS suggest the Trump administration is preparing to implement Title 42. The order used during COVID to expel incoming migrants on the grounds of health concerns without entertaining any asylum claims. Title 42 was first implemented under Trump 1.0. The Biden administration kept it in place until 2023 CBS reporting. The CDC is planning to issue an order labeling the illegal immigrants as a public health risk. In May, 2024, a measles outbreak in Chicago was traced back to a migrant shelter. Joy Reed.


Out of a job as MSNBC's new president makes major programming changes. Reed is the highest profile star of the network to get the acts, though others are now going to. In December, Reed was reportedly required to take a pay cut from her alleged $3 million salary in order to hold onto her chair. Never a good sign. The network plans to fill the time slot with the panel show hosted by Simone Sanders Townsend, who previously worked as a senior advisor to Kamala Harris. Michael Steele, never Trumper, who at one point headed the RNC and left wing journalist, Alicia Menendez, the daughter of former Democratic Senator Bob Menendez. The final episode of the Readout aired last night.


The Readout worked because everybody from the interns on up put their whole heart into it. Much love to everybody. Everybody who made the readout. Great. Shout out to our amazing readers, our audience. I just love running into y'all in the airport on these streets and on social media. I could not love or appreciate you more. Thank you, thank you. Thank you for holding us down almost five years. We are a toddler and we out in these streets in this world and we are not gonna stop. Those four viewers are really going to miss her. Alex Wagner hosted the 9:00 PM slot. Four days per week is getting a demotion to correspondent former Biden White House Press Secretary, Jen Psaki will take over that time slot after the conclusion of the first a hundred days of the Trump administration.


That's when Rachel, Matt Al goes back to work hosting just one day a week while still earning her $30 million paycheck, reportedly earning. Hmm. That'll do it. For your AM update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly show leader today. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one eleven@noeaonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly And on all podcast platforms,


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by The U US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing The U US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past hoarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.