
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the me Kelly Show. And what a day. The sun is shining just a little bit brighter. The fall leaves are in absolutely perfect form, and we are feeling very good. Here at the Megan Kelly Show. And I dare say In America, the democratic and media struggle Sessions are in full swing. Shoot it into my veins as the kids say, as former President Donald Trump and his garbage supporters celebrate his truly historic victory.


We're gonna break down everything for you today. It's truly stunning. But get ready because we have so much goodness prepared for you today. From the data to the reaction, and dare I say it, the dreams, the ambitions, the aspirations that were unburdened by what has been when Americans decided to turn the page on the Democrats and say, we are not going back and say, hard work is good work and say we're gonna win. But first, an important message from Vice President Kamala Harris. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.


The path may seem hard, the work may seem heavy, but joy cometh in the morning. And church morning is on its way. Yes, yes. Preach. Sister Joy does cometh in the morning. That's all I got for you. Because she has yet to concede, she has yet to concede. Though we are told she plans to speak later this afternoon, reportedly at 4:00 PM at her alma mater, at h Howard University, and that she's going to call Trump before that, nearly 24 hours after she took a page right outta Hillary Clinton's 2016 playbook and refused to face her devastated supporters. Instead, sending some man on her campaign staff out there to deliver the news that everyone needed to get the F outta there.


It's, there's no party. Get out, no fireworks, no glass ceiling shattering. We had so much fun last night. thank you to all of you. Millions of you who joined us on our YouTube live feed and our SiriusXM live feed throughout the night. The fun continues now in person. Guess who I have right here with me in the Red Studio. The guys from the Fifth Column are here. Right here. Camille Foster, Michael Moynihan, and Matt Welsh. There's no greater purpose in life than protecting those we love. And in our uncertain world today, that can make you feel a little uneasy. Right? Safety and comfort in our lives is so important. And this is one of the many reasons why I wanna tell you about Birch Gold Group. A lot of people feel unsettled right now with our economy the way it is.


They wanna diversify. They don't know how to do that. And Birch Gold Group can be a lifeline. The the investments in gold are like this right now. And there's a reason for that. Gold really has stood the test of time. It's one of the safest investments that we can make. I mean, you actually get gold You know it's not like something, oh, You know one of these other products. It's kind of made up. Maybe you're considering whether an IRA or 401k still fits your needs in today's environment. At Birch Gold, they're gonna help you convert those accounts into an IRA In physical. You can touch it gold tax free and penalty free And. it doesn't cost you 1 cent out of pocket. Over the past four years, the price of gold has actually increased 40%.


Get a free info kit to learn more about gold and your options by texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. If you want safety and to protect your savings for your family and future generations, text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and see if Birch Gold Group, which has an eight plus rating from the Better Business Bureau, is right for you and the family you love. Fellas, welcome back. Thank you for having us. Thanks For having Us. Yeah. So fun to have you here live. Yeah, yeah, yeah. I didn't know what it was gonna be like today 'cause we booked this a while ago, but we didn't know what the outcome would be like. So I didn't know if you'd be in a mood or if you would Be, oh, she's in a mood. Oh, I want me to Mood back was a very Enthusiastic read. That talk was like, wow. She, I think she's happy about what Happened.


That sound bite is my favorite soundbite of campaign 2024. Joy. Come in the mode Come. Where's your Sean Hannity football? You should be like spiking in. I, I've got something better. Look, I have the Kamala Harris bobble doll. Look at her. Aw. The little bobblehead. And this was Kamala Harris last night. I can almost Hear her laughing. Yeah. Yeah. Oh, That's how it went. Sorry. But thank you guys. It was rough. Just hurt by The way, the record. It was a rough night. Yes. Her team blew. There's so much to go over. Can we just start with the total and utter collapse of polling? Yes. Polling Again Yes. Is a lie. Yes. They don't know anything.


Only Henry Olson, our guest, who I loved, knew what he was talking about. Nate Silver didn't know what he was talking about. Nate Cohen over at the New York Times and Ann Seltzer of the Des Moines Register. Wow. A total and utter fail. Yes. Where is Anne Silver Today? Someone do a, a wellness check to see if she's still around. You know. Nate Silver was right about one thing. I think when he said that You know what's happening with these polls is nobody wants to go out on a limb. 'cause they all want to be in the same space. That seems to be true. But he said then said he ran 80,000 simulations. Yeah. Simulations. And they came up like four. Exactly.


40,000 each or 40,000 in one each. Yeah. No, the polling stuff is, is appalling because the only people that were Right, and they were almost not entirely right. Because we looking at something that we're slightly surprised by, which is popular vote was poly market. The crypto market. Yes. Yes. If you watched Poly Market, and that is the kind of wisdom Of the crowd That makes Yep. They were. Right. And the other, the one other, other competitor is, is another version of it too, By the way. My husband Doug Bru, obsessed, obsessed. It was his. How much did he win? It was his comfort blanket throughout the whole You know, past two months. Like poly market though. But poly Market. I knew he put 20 grand on Jill Stein. I thought that was a risk. But he said it's gonna pay big. So It was in Dearborn, it was wasn't Quite Wrong. She came in Second Place.


That's Incredible. Second Place. Can you believe that Dearborn goes for Trump? Yes. And Jill Stein Kamala nowhere to be found. No. Just one more minute on the polls. Because they'd been warned, they'd been warned year after year that they had it wrong. That they shouldn't underestimate Donald Trump. That there was a secret Trump voter that doesn't like to deal with pollsters. And now, notwithstanding the fact that some got it, like Atlas got it. And as I pointed out, our guest, Henry Olson, he got it. You had hard partisans like Larry Sabato, who lost his mind. He's also known as the MyPillow guy. They may or may not be the same person there. Who, of course they were doing these. So-called polls through their lens of what they want to be.


And they've been out. Who will pay attention to these people? Again, I had an inkling on Monday night of some of this, I don't know what we call the, the quiet Trump poll re respondent, but we hosted a thing. Shy Trump voter. Shy Trump voter. Right. So we hosted a, a live Reason Roundtable podcast taping in the comedy cell, the village underground in New York. And at the beginning I was like, all right, who, who voted here? You know. Gimme a a show of hands for Kamala Harris. There was surprisingly a lot for Donald Trump. Crickets. There was no way in a group of Yeah. Libertarians, conservatives, independents, that there's gonna be zero Trump voters. And afterwards, when I talk to people, the Trump voter hall came up to me and they're like, oh yeah, I was Say that.


Can I say that? I have a friend in Hollywood and she sent me a text today saying, I, I have to pretend that I'm sad. I'm pretending I'm sad with all my friends. She's a conservative who's gotta stay underground. And that's just the way some of these circles work. Now, I don't know if that's how they work all over the Midwest. You know, which is not, I don't think so. You Know. Yeah. But I do think, like, we had a woman call in yesterday from Wisconsin, and she's like, yeah, I lied to the pollsters. I just kind of wanna mess with 'em. I don't care. Like they're kind of against these pollsters. Mm. But the smart ones figure out ways around that you cannot believe in these people. I really do believe it was their own bias that pushed them into these You know, either subconscious or conscious bias that pushed them into manipulating all of us. Or trying to, to save her ass, which was unsavable, Not trying to succeeding.


I mean, that is the manipulation that you can't avoid. Right? I mean, if the only information out in the ether is this is what's happening and everyone lined up agree, we cannot, in this Pavlovian response say, well, this has happened in the past. This is the only information we have to go on. So we're all talking about these polls. I don't know if you were, but we have been. And everywhere that I have seen, we're talking about the polls. And we're not saying like, well, there's like a shy Trump voter, but it's even on those margins. Like this is a blowout. It's A blowout. Yeah. 51% crush churches. I mean, it's A landslide. 51%. It's a landslide. We're talking about all the blue wall states. We don't know. I mean, like every swing state, He won seven outta seven swing state. Seven Outta seven. I mean, it's unbelievable.


And we were told it was so tight, tight, tight, tight, tight. You know every, every poll said it was tight. No one said he was running away with it. No one predicted. And Seltzer told me that Jill Stein was gonna win. Go back to Jill Stein. So Sorry. Camilla, what were you gonna Say? no, I was just gonna ask, I mean, I do wonder about the bounces that we saw in the polling to the extent these things were happening, And, it seems like maybe some of them were converging on what seemed to be the, the, the popular knowledge at the time. But after the DNC, there did seem to be a lot of enthusiasm. You did seem to see that folks were going from being very skeptical of Kamala Harris to actually believing in Kamala Harris for a little bit after that debate performance against Trump. You did seem to see like a lot of energy in the ether for her. So I wonder whether or not there might be some truth to what the polls were saying despite the fact that there were probably certain people that were never responding to the poll.


Even Lying to the pulses. I mean, let's talk about it all. I can't wait to discuss every single aspect of this. We're gonna get to the media and their reaction to what we're seeing. But so great. Let's talk about why, how this happened. Because if you look at the coalition that put Trump over the edge, it was working class men and women. It was black men, And, it was Latinos, especially men, but also women. There was not some huge disproportionate female vote. Nope. That helped her. They, the women did go more for Kamala than they did for Trump. But it was not the huge disparate number that would've counterbalanced the, his strength with, with men and those people. They were getting pulled. It's not like the pollsters didn't understand to reach out to the working class or Latinos.


They've been pulled. So when did this happen? Like do you think it was a late breaking thing or do you think we were in a mirage the whole time? Whole time. The Whole time. Whole time. Hmm. I have been banging on about this since I did a documentary in 2001 when I went to Star County, the most Hispanic county in America. 2021. You mentioned this. 21. Sorry. 20. Yeah. 21. You mentioned this on the show one time. I did And I. I've been, what I saw there kind of changed my mind on so much. 'cause I talked to people and these were not shy Trump voters. There were Tejanos, like You know Mexican Americans who had been there a couple generations. They were recent immigrants and they were all in for maga. And you look at what happened, I mean, Hillary Clinton won, I think by 40 points or something.


Biden still won, but it was You know by about five, six, something like that. Donald Trump won Star County, the most Hispanic county in America. Donald Trump won last night. That is shocking. The, you look at the other details here. And we don't, we don't pay attention to where we live with the elites in New York City. I mean, we're in Connecticut now, but in New York City, look at what happened in New York City last night. The best showing for Republicans since 1988. Yeah, it's incredible. Look At New Jersey and New Jersey's the same. All of the states. We're not talking about just the blue all states, which are shocking us. Just the the Sunbelt states, which are shocking us a little less. But we're seeing it everywhere, all across. I mean, New York state is the same. I mean, Matt, we were talking about this on the way in Connecticut Too.


Connecticut too. I mean, the numbers are all going in one direction, which is why we have the popular vote the way it is. They, I mean, that was the thing. That poll market got wrong. The popular vote Just FYI. He's winning the po, the popular vote right now by 5 million. Keep By 5 million. 5 million. That is not, that is no small amount. Huge. That's gonna be a huge wake up call. And I actually invite people who are drowning in their tears today to be somewhat happy that it wasn't close. Right. I was, I was rooting for Harris to win. I didn't vote for, had nothing, no comments. Thought about communist. Listen, you're red. Can't work With this. But as much as anything, I was rooting for whatever happened to be decisive so we wouldn't have a bunch of stop the steal nonsense on either direction or Stacey Abrams nonsense.


But I wanted anyone to understand their loss. And there is, there needs to be with media, with a whole lot of identity politics in particular, there needs to be an understanding of this loss. Yes. The way your theory of the case of America, your theory of why people are voting for Trump, it's over now because it's over 51%. You have to deal with that. He was at 46.8 and 46.3 in the previous elections. 51 is absolutely decisive. It means your theory of the case is wrong. You can slice and, and dice it and say, oh, the women did this and the Hispanics did this. No America did. That's right. This, yes. Well, let me tell you something. It doesn't seem to be going well. Your theory that people need to accept. They don't have to. I give you Stop 13, take a listen.


Oh, watch. We may not have rights tomorrow. I be Tomorrow today. Just to face crying. Everybody Feels threatened by him, is fucking scared. Like we're, we're scared for our lives. We're scared for our friends. Like, Oh my God. Go sleep. Mom might wake up a mother. Fucking what? I'm actually get it up. I'm moving to get it up. Oh, the dog.


48 years old. And it sad. It's anything like this. I never thought I would in this country trial. Yeah. They're playing music Ready. Or a female black president. That is what I was worried about. Because the country is full of racist, misogynists men and women. Yes. That's it, sister. I think it's a sister. Unclear misogynist women. I don't think it's not, they're not accepting loss. Well, wow. Isn't Going well. No. I think America's full of people that have mental health issues. Yeah, the beginning was great. It on camera. I love it though. First woman had a shining T-shirt on. Did you see that? And she's screaming.


And I was like, oh my gosh. Her favorite movie. Great ones are in danger. Good Lord. I might wake up tomorrow. A slave. A slave, by the way. I'm Gonna get killed. Yeah. Camille, we gotta talk about that type thing. I'm sorry, big big announcement. Sorry. Just so You know, slavery is back. Oh, you've got like a couple of months today. Yeah. It doesn't even need to be inaugurated again. Matt, that's today. Matt Walsh of the Daily Wire. Not to be confused with Matt Welsh of reason. And I know what a woman is. The Fifth Column. He sent out a tweet today saying, okay, now that we've won, here's the truth. We are implementing Project 2025. It starts today. That will be clipped by about a thousand people. See they're doing it. But why we shouldn't be surprised by this at all.


I mean, I have been collecting the best thing. I mentioned this, I did the free press live stream last night, and anyone who would listen, I would point, I was pointing out that the previous morning, Michael Belos, the historian. Yeah. Used to be a credible historian. Comes on mornings. I presume it's Morning Joe. That's where all the lunatics go. And he was like, You know Donald Trump is gonna ban historians. Yeah. Did you see And? I was like, if it starts with you, okay. It's like dictator on day one. Just one in Michael Beschloss. But people are like, no one pushed back on this idea. No. Right. There's yes. They're, they're like, yes. Gravely and toning. Yeah. No, it's going to be very, but there's gonna be no more history. And, and Joe Scarborough's like, it's gonna be like Jeff Bezos.


They'll be afraid to publish you. And it's like, guys, there's a fucking internet. Do you guys know about this? You can go post something, put it online. But that response is because of people talking like That. So my favorite though, this is not a reaction to last night's news, but this guy, you'll know how was on M-S-N-B-C. He was talking to Nicole Wallace and he was predicting that he was going to have to leave the country if Trump won. Get look at. So 12. It is Michael Cohen. What do you Think happens to you if he wins? Well, I'm outta here. I mean, I'm already working on foreign passport with a completely different name.


I don't know how it's going to work as far as dealing with my wife and my children. I certainly don't want them moving to where I'm looking to go. So You're outta here. Just doesn't leave his Wife anymore. I have no choice. Unbelievable state of being. Michael. I'll still be available to you, but by remote. Remote. Right? Right. By remote. I mean, I'm not gonna give up by Your time. I'm leaving my wife. I'm leaving my wife. But I'll be available To you working on it. When you say you're working, you Did admit to passports by Yes. Not your name. You're not working on it. You get it or you don't. This is the level of freak out. Right. Wow. This is the level of leftist freak out. Now, one of the most interesting things I saw this morning though, is And I loved Morning Joe.


I, I loved watching them try to keep his dick together. And it, You know how he gas lit us. And he was like the best by never sharpest Of out. Yeah. He was one of the worst single Actors. He was the worst. Yeah. He was as was Kamala Harris. But Yes. And then, and then the switcheroo happened and he was like, Kamala, she's great. Yes. This is an amazing move. Yes. As if he had never done the other stuff. Right. That's kind of what he tried today. Yep. Where he was like, I've been telling the Democrat party Yes. That they've been too far over to the left. They're lunatics and they're gonna keep losing. He, it was ultimate gaslighting. Hold on, we've got a little bit of it. I think it's thought six. So every Democrat that we have ever sat down with dinner with over the past five years, who have kids that go to colleges say their kids are afraid to speak in class.


'cause they'll be canceled. She'll be destroyed in social media by noon. So they just sit in class quiet. Now, if any of you, which camera gimme a camera to look at, boom. Well Look at that one. If any of you out there say, oh, that's just like a, a conservative white southern guy, dah, dah, dah. That's what you're losing. That's what you're losing. Because that's what I heard. And I didn't hear it from Republicans. I didn't hear it from Trumpers. I heard it from Democrats over the past three or four years. Their kids, you don't say were afraid to talk in pla You know. The Democrats have gotta stop all the spending. As we've said on the show a thousand times, Democrats should be smarter on the women's athletics thing, 85% of Americans oppose men transitioning after puberty and competing against welcome to the team, jail against women.


But immigration has been a terrible decision for Democrats. I don't know who Their Fox news to when they let millions of people come, lack Providence Cosing through the border. Listen, we spent a lot of time talking about abortion rights. America decided not to blame Donald Trump. Right. America decided, okay, I can vote to protect abortion rights and also vote for him. And we're not gonna have these immigrants ISTs, we're not gonna have our kids turning trans when they go to school. So I'm not sure they were playing to anything that was smart here in terms of open an open border. And that's what it is. An open border. And I think it's a bad decision. I hope they learned from it. Amazing. Amazing. Can I point something out? This is, I, I hadn't seen that first clip with Joe Scarborough.


And. I started having heart palpitations and I'm very hung over. So it's very dangerous today. Yeah. We'll, at some hair of the dog. Oh my God, I feel terrible. But I have to say, when he's saying, I have been hearing this, you have A fucking TV show. Right. Why are you not telling us, well, why say this? Everybody on these panels knows what went wrong and they didn't tell us when they had a fucking TV show. Exactly. Right. Why are you telling us now? You're like, everyone's discovered. She's Like, You know the trans thing is like, you Could, you could have talked about it. Kelly's old show about it. I know, I know. I had a way of getting my message out. Good Lord. What is wrong with these people? It's amazing for them to look us in the face and be like, we tried to warn you. What? Yes. We always knew. We just Didn't wanna tell you. All you said was Hitler.


Hitler, Hitler. Yes. We sayings You know by the, It's not news. And I mean very seriously about this. Is that You know that it's partisan You know that You know MSNBC's on this side, Fox and there, but you cannot pretend to be news when you're only talking about issues that will get a candidate elected. Yeah. And only saying the day after. Well, we've been hearing this the whole time. I know. But we were trying to get somebody elected. You are a television station that is working in service of a candidate. Wait, we had fine just label it that Way. We had lots of conversations about it at our dinner table. Well, that's quite helpful. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. See how that worked out for you. Yeah. What what's very strange though is that Joe does seem to be trying to have it both ways. Like he's blaming Democrats for the loss, but he is also talking openly about the fact that he insists there are, there are racist misogynist Latino men.


Correct. Yeah. And they are the reason why they didn't Manage To win this election. I'm, I'm not sure how it can be both things. It's Still along. Can we look at that? We've got, I don't know if it's just him. We Oh, we have a lot. We have a lot. Yeah. I've got too covered you guys to soon, soon we're gonna have to replay Joel Cometh in the moment. But for now, we'll do the racist misogynistic montage. Let's watch, Let's be honest about this. Okay? Let's be absolutely blunt about it. There were appeals to racism in this campaign and there is racial bias in this country, and there is sexism in this country. And anybody who thinks that that did not in any way impact on the outcome of this race is wrong. There was a lot of gender bias in this.


There was a lot of race bias in this. We've gotta be honest, among Hispanic men and black men, there's a lot of misogyny. I think, What, do you like me to say it or do you wanna say it? Well, if she, if she were a six foot four white man from, from Arkansas, now, do you think she would be losing by that much? I, I think if she, if she could like chew tobacco and carry a shotgun and talk about football and, and, and be a guy's guy. I mean, you tell me. You mean be different Candidate evidence, zero evidence to support any of those assertions. Yeah. All they're looking at are the demographics. And what the demographics do seem to suggest is that a lot of people decided they don't like Kamala Harris. People who are in entirely comfortable voting for, for Barack Obama.


Many people who are probably comfortable voting for a Hillary Clinton, who, people who just don't like Kamala Harris, Who would've run to vote from Michelle Obama. She, yeah. She underperformed everywhere. Every, there was every indication before she was selected that she was a bad candidate. She was one of the first people to get bounced from the Democratic par primary. The only reason she got selected because, And what group made that decision That that was everyone. That was Democrats. That Was everyone. Right? I mean, all of the Democrats narrowly, They're looking at the country now, like you're a bunch of racists. Yeah. You, and to blame the Hispanic men. Like what, why is it there Far? Joe Scarborough did the same thing. I I think that Al Sharp didn't answer and it's always a very crisp, cogent answer for Al Sharpton. But That answer was in response to Joe Scarborough saying, the You know we have to deal with the fact that Hispanic men are misogynists and can be racist and they can be racist against black people.


And we're slicing it thinner and thinner and thinner. I don't know if this turned out to be true. I think it is, and somebody can correct me if I'm wrong. The last that I saw is that she didn't outperform a single county in America. Yeah. Yep. It is not, it is bigger than this guys you're doing like at the same time, Joe Scarborough says, we have to stop all this You know psycho progressive stuff that alienates people And. then they go and do it. Yes. Yeah. And you say that's why they're like that clip that you play of Kamala, which I hope you play over and over again. The joy in the morning is, It might be our theme song now. She's just so awkward beyond being a bad candidate for a thousand policy reasons that we didn't even know her policy. She's just not an appealing candidate.


Full stop. She's bad at it. And. then they picked Tim Waltz to make it even Worse. Standby. We need to watch it one more time. See, See it Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. The path may seem hard, the work may seem heavy, but joy cometh in the morning and church morning is on its way. The arms Extended You know you guys, you're busy men. So you may not have seen our other favorite montage of her accents, but let's just have some fun, fun. We earned it. Let's watch. Yeah. Do we have the accents? How did You know? See The accent. The accent You know, happy man You know for the, the suffering of other people.


Have you No sense of purpose. You better thank a union member for sick leave. You better Thank a union member for paid leave. You better. Thank a union member for vacation time. I love you back. Beat him in November. We gonna beat him in November. We're gonna beat him. We'll beat him in November. And you all helped us win in 2020. And we gonna do it again in 2024. We We going, we going do it again. Brothers and sisters. And I. So, oh God, you so, And to all my HBCU brothers and sisters.


I mean, it's a real mystery why she lost How I can't The one when she was in Ireland and she's like, I'm talking old to you. Like you gotta vote. It's gotten fucking crazy. Like, and it's like, oh, Kamala, you're so Camille. That first one was a Jamaican accent. Was is that what she was doing? I think she was doing a Jamaica accent. That's Jamaican. Yeah. Yeah. Have You know this Iman or whatever. How Yeah. It was literally The worst Jamaica. You think my Jamaican accents better? It, I mean the, the point is there wasn't an authentic bone. There isn't an authentic bone in her body. We still don't know who Kamala Harris is. No, it's not misogynistic or racist to observe that. No. And it's not being persnickety to say that maybe she should have done some interviews.


Yeah. And talked to people since she didn't compete in a primary. This is where you lose me. I lose you. Really? Yeah. Because you don't think that she should have done Interviews because what going out there and talking is what really sealed her fate. No, I mean it w it it would have absolutely sealed her fate. Yeah. But that would've given American voters more to work with. Mm, I see. If she was a good candidate. I mean, I saw someone tweeting yesterday that You know this is back when they thought that she was going to win. That it was a, a very clever move of her not to go and show, show Rogan. 'cause it was just gonna be a trap in some senses. It's true. Her unscripted for three hours would be a disaster. Yes. In kind of any setting as far as we know, we've never really seen a three hour Kamala Harris that works out. But that is part of what primary campaigns and also the media campaign do.


They're supposed to toughen up a candidate. Moynihan mentioned Tim Walls earlier. Remember his deer in the headlights performance at the vice presidential campaign because he too was cloistered. One of the positive things about this drumming is that it's going to make sure that the next democratic media strategy can't be the same. Yeah. You can't just put your candidate in the bunker. Yeah. Sequestered. They did it. They really did it twice in a row. They did it twice in a row. Yep. And they had a lot of media, including people who interviewed her like Stephanie Rule say, yeah, that's good strategy. Yeah. Let's do it that way. I didn't even wanna talk to her. That's terrible. That that was anti-Democratic so crazy. And voters absolutely rejected it. Tim Walls had a, a great slogan that I wish he believed in. And I think that Americans kind of showed how much they didn't believe it.


Which is mind your You know, we say mind your own damn business here. Yeah. Democrats never actually let Americans mind their own damn business and calling the people who don't vote. Democrats racist is part of that. If, if you wake up in the morning and suddenly there's a new like in encyclopedia drops on your desk about the acceptable terms that you must use to everybody, and if you do it wrong, a whole bunch of people are gonna point their fingers and either laugh at you or, or or say that you have committed a transgression against other people. If you bum them out in their workplace, if you change the rules under which they compete in high school, if you do all kinds of, you are not letting them mind their own damn business. There is a live and let live ethos that is natural to America. And. it should have been at some point natural to Democrats.


It is not at all. They are constantly the HR manager, like pointing the bank. You should telling you what to do and people are sick of it. Sick of it. Yes. Across the country. Yeah. Here's one of the things that we're hearing this morning. I heard it on Morning Joe and elsewhere. She hit all her marks. She can't Yeah. She's in a great Campaign. Can't you can't blame Kamala Harris hit. That's Incredibles a little bit. Marks. How on earth can they say that? I mean, I take you back to her performance on the View. Yeah. With a very friendly interviewer. Sonny Hostin was all in for Kamala Harris. And this was one of the defining moments of her 107 day campaign. Watch. Well, if, if anything, would you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years, There has done a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact.


Yeah. It's weird. It's very amazing. I mean, first of all, to not be prepared for that question. She did not hit all her marks. My She did not hit all. I mean, also Sonny Halston had to read that question off a cart. I it was such, you couldn't think, you couldn't remember that one because It was mildly challenging. She never wanna come up with that on her own. She shaking, Saying, I dunno if I'm scared And I die know you're not gonna nail this. She was shaking like I am right now from being hungover. But that amazing thing is that You know, people have talked about that quite a bit. A bit And it will become a cliche quickly, but it shouldn't be because it's absolutely true. But what she had to do was differentiate herself because what they did was say that they're not in power. Right. I'm not in power. She took credit for being vice president when it mattered. Right. When she thought you could gain something Afghanistan and the debate, she was like, what Joe did.


And I was like, oh, it's not yours anymore. And Also I've met with president's, prime ministers. Chancellors on Kings. Yes. Yes. The, the, the Prime Minister of Trinidad and Tobago, which she had on one day. That's leadership. But she, but like this is honest. Like she doesn't have anything. You, if you came out there and said, look, we have to be honest, we should have handled the border differently. Yes. Americans are forgiving. We're forgiving people. If you present that in a way that says, I need to correct this, and that's why I'm running. Just to say I was in the second position. Yes. All right. I'm sorry. But let's, let's be honest, vice, I was never given the job of setting policy. I was given the job of supporting him in his policy setting. And I did that. But now that I'm being asked, what will I do? And I can see what's happened to the country.


Here's exactly what I'll do. Sure. Kamala has been a prominent figure in American politics for a little while now. She ushered into the Senate in 2016 along with Donald Trump being ushered into the presidency. But I'd watched tape of her talking in 2011 about her smart on crime book. And she was cogent and she was even compelling. And she was a pretty good speaker. She was also a totally different person. The policy she was talking about at that time when she was locking up parents for not having their kids go to school regularly. She was defending them saying, we need to stop making this all about politics. When we talk about criminal justice reform, we shouldn't make this about kind of race and identity. It's it the polar opposite of the things that she would be saying in 2020. And it's very strange. And I don't know that there's necessarily a connection.


Maybe it's something else entirely that she could do that when she was being somewhat reasonable on policy. And by the time she gets to 2020 and she's crowing about how amazing these demonstrators are who are in the streets in late June after you've already seen police precincts burn to the ground and she's saying they're gonna stay on the streets. They're gonna be there before the election. They'll be there after the election. It, it's strange that she is someone now who can barely string words together. Right. Right. In a coherent, It's why, where are are her words? I don't really know what's going on. I think Politics destroys people. I have. She's trying to please everybody. Not Everybody that's is like that. JD Vance got into politics and began shining more than he ever has. He had A rough start, but he, it's been a a, a sort of short ride for him too, because he was a novelist.


He had different politic. no You know this is not gonna turn Into bobblehead. no, no. That just fell off my desk. no, the The, the thing that it can't be explained is how she became so inarticulate. Because Camille sent me this clip and she did seem like a different person. But when you're trying to be one something to everybody, she couldn't hammer down any position. 'cause she didn't want to alienate every anybody. This, this goes back to my Phil Houston, who's the s by the lie guy. He's CIA deception detection inventor and teacher for 25 years. And on the inside of the agency detecting our foreign spies inside the agency. Double agency not, and he always says that a truth teller runs toward the truth. Hmm. That you can, that's what you can hear the difference in the way a truth teller talks to you. They're not trying to avoid the soft spot.


They're like, yeah, let's go right to the soft spot because it's actually not soft for me at all. I'm completely rock solid wr there, let's go. And she spoke like somebody who was constantly deceiving. Like she had something to hide and she really didn't want you to press that issue. Yeah. And people perceive that you don't have to be Phil Houston, this by the lie guy to know it. You just know it on a gut level. She's last, she didn't have the confidential or, or the positions that she could share. And like Joe Biden and like a lot of Democrats over the last 10, and he arguably 20 years, she is running as an anti thing. I'm not Trump. So I'm going to keep the coalition together by not alienate anybody. And I'm just going to not be Trump. And at some point, you can't just run as the opposite.


Democrats did this under George W. Bush too, who Yeah. We've forgotten now. But he was a divisive, polarizing, and also popular president. And so we're not going to be Bush and that's not good enough. Alright. You can't just say, I'm not going to be this guy. Especially when your guy is the president. And Americans have a very strong negative attitude about the current economy. Definitely About the future economy. I think Gallop had came out with numbers this week where like 63% things, the economy's going to get worse. They're feeling terrible about Congress and even worse about the media. So if you have all of that, it's not good enough to say that you're not this other person who's been the president in the past. You've got to have some kind of articulable vision. Donald Trump is not for whatever You know, love him and hate him.


He's not running as I am not the Democrat. He's, I am Donald Trump. Yeah. I am saying crazy things all the time. I'm making you laugh. I've, you like my policies, you hate my policies. But there were policies but I no question It was a policy election from him. In a way it is a policy election. And it's also his personality election too. Yeah. You don't have any sense that he's like trying not to alienate constituencies. no, no. When he's out there, he's a personality and people Nate Silver had, I think the best kind of summation of his appeal is that he's like a billboard lawyer. Right. Like, you don't, you don't get him necessarily because you think that he's the most polished and articulate. You get him 'cause he's gonna go punch somebody in the mouth. But that, that is a positive vision of in You know he's his own personality.


She did not run on the personality authentic And familiar versus inauthentic. And maybe completely alien. She's the vice president. But you have no idea who this person is. What way by no, It was no plan. Right. I mean, time after time when she did put herself out there and she was asked what exactly on the border, like, why don't you do it earlier? You say now that you're gonna be John Wayne You know you're gonna go down there. You're gonna crack some skulls and you get You know. And Why didn't do it earlier. She didn't have an answer. It led to one of the most infamous, in my view exchanges. It was at the CNN Town Hall. And this is the best she could come up with after having been pressed on this by Stephanie Rule and others. This is not her first crack at it. Why not earlier? This is, I love it. Take a look at, well, 1 0 4, Some voters though might ask, you've been in the White House for, for four years, you were vice president, not the president.


But why wasn't any of that done over the last four years? Well, there was a lot that was done. But there's more to do Anderson and, and I'm pointing out things that need to be done that haven't been done, but need to be done. She is so bad at this. I just wanna say that the art of bullshitting, my friend Eli Lake, has one of the best podcasts I've listened to in a very long time about the difference between lying and bullshitting. It's up on the, honestly, feed Barry Wise's feet and he has this kind of deep investigation on how politicians bullshit and why that's different from lying. You have to be able to bullshit his argument, which I I agree with is it Americans not only tolerate bullshit, they should kind of like it.


They don't like lying. Mm. And that is not good bullshit. no. She has no idea where to go. And she's like, we've done things, but we'll do more. But why didn't we do them in the past? Because we're gonna do them in the future. Done. That was good. You, that was not bad. And I should actually run. But that the thing is bus the kid Who you're a teacher and he doesn't bring the homework in and he's like, I'll get it to you tomorrow. Doesn't get it. And then the third day I'll get it to you. You just stop believing them. Yeah. Right. You had the years, you didn't do anything. Why would I believe you now? And Honestly, it's like I object to your laziness and not preparing a better answer. Yeah. You know if you're, you're gonna spin me at least put some effort into that. They Must have had these sessions. 'cause this is what happens with politicians before debates and before town halls that they're drilled by the people around them.


Those have to have happened. No, but no. You remember the reporting on how she doesn't like to do her homework. Yes. And that's what I'm like, there are people telling her what to say and she just, eh, not listening. I guess the only Homework she appears to have done is to have studied those note cards before the debate to memorize debate. 10 to 12 grand answers that she could just deliver. And she was good at that. She good at Yes, she did remember her lines. Yep. But she could never do it in the interview context. Yeah. I never understood why they just did, just didn't do that prior to the interviews. There's not a huge range of subjects you're gonna get asked about. You might fall down in the job and maybe two or three that we didn't prepare you for. But if you memorize these 12 note cards on the core subjects, you can do well with Anderson Cooper. You could even do well with Brett Bear. She didn't. Or they didn't. I don't know.


I It doesn't matter. It's all You know Lisa. It's the same place. So I wanna make this point going back to the new Scarborough. I told you, I I completely understand everybody anti You know the trans insanity and better me messaging on inflation. They bring back Chris Matthews, who, I mean, everybody's bringing back the guys they Buy. I still happy to see him. It's been a good Skelter is back on CNN and Matthews is back on Ms. The morning show. It's like the left hand's not talking on the right hand. The morning show needs to talk to the evening shows. Yeah. Because Joy Reid is not pulling away. This Is not a joy campaign anymore. This is No, she is not pulling away from the the core messaging. This was her, one of her initial reactions last night. Let's play sot nine Black voters came through for Kamala Harris.


White women voters did not. Hmm. That is what it appears happened in that state, is that if you can't flip enough white women, and we've talked about this on this set numerous times, is that you have a state where you've got a six week abortion or 12 week abortion. I think theirs might be 12 weeks. Yep. But it's a state where women lost their reproductive rights. Where there was a very heavy push to get women to focus on not putting in place You know re electing, putting back into the White House, the person who was responsible for taking those rights away and restoring them. But that message, obviously was not enough to get enough white women to vote for Vice President Harris, a fellow woman.


This will be the second opportunity that white women in this country have to change the way that they interact with the patriarchy and Oh, the patriarch. And they didn't do it. That's the problem. The white, the white women are the problem because they don't understand how to interact with the patriarchy. Which I I don't think that's gonna be a winning message during the four years we're about to have of Trump. But she's gonna double down. And it's not just Joy Reed over on MSN bbc. The Ladies of the View Love the, I mean, you're here. I had to do it. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, we were in the other room. And. it was literally on. Oh, And. it was like, it just, when you come to Meghan Kelly's, the view is on. She likes to hurt us. Yes. Sonny Hosan was reading a card about something.


Here you go. Yeah. Speaking of Sonny Hostin, take a look at stop 15. I worry not about myself. Actually. I don't worry about my station in life. I worry about the working class. I worry about my mother, a retired teacher. I worry about our elderly and their social security and their Medicare. I worry about my children's future, especially my daughter who now has less rights than I have. And I. Remember my father telling me many, many years ago that I was the first person in, in his family to enjoy full civil rights and now I have less civil rights than I had when he told me that.


I think that going forward, the convicted felon box, unemployment applications better be taken off. Because if you can be the president of the United States, then you should then you should not be prevented from employment in this country. I'm worried about mass deportation and internment camps. And. I'm also worried about Elon Musk warning Americans to prepare for temporary hardship. Everyone's wearing black. She's in mourning. She's worried about her daughter, who is a multi-millionaire. I mean, her parents are multimillionaires. Her home looks like Mar-a-Lago. It's just a massive sprawling estate. Yeah. She lives in New York where we have abortion on demand all the way. Yeah. I'm, I'm end Sure What she's talking about.


But the people that she has different rights, they're not gonna have all the rights. The people That tend to gardens. Yeah. The people upset About that. People are mow her lawn. She's upset about that are the working class that she cares for. Even Though they, they voted for Donald Trump. Yeah. You know what this is. If you wanna learn a lesson from this election now, I mean to go back before I cannot stand, we blame a group for something. Jerk the white women. Oh yeah. The white. No, it's just they are the problem. I mean there's, I mean, what are we at like 75 million votes for Donald Trump now? And the white women are the problem. It's the, it's white. I just, I, I can't stand it. But one lesson has to be learned and they're still in the habit of it now. So the next day you're gonna get it. Morning Joe. You're gonna get it. Well, I mean they're actually a little confused. Morning Joe. You have Joe Scarborough doing both. Yeah. Doing the race kind of hustling thing and then saying this is the problem.


But I'll tell you what people don't like. 75 million people voted for Donald Trump in 2020. Do you wanna call them fascist sympathizers? Because fascism means one thing and we know what they're telegraphing. They're telegraphing Hitler. The New Republic had Donald Trump's face with a Hitler mustache on it. Yeah. They were less subtle. We have this thing every day when it's like You know the historians are gonna be thrown in prison. They're going to round us journalists up and put us in camps. And She just said, camps, No one cares about you. Literally no one gives a shit. Stop thinking that anyone cares what you think. We care about you because we get to make fun of you because you're a fucking idiot. I'm sorry I'm very exercised this morning 'cause I'm hung over and because I hate these people so much.


But can we stop this? The Hispanics, they're You know there are minorities. They're this, that and the other. You talk to Hispanic people, they're like, what did you see? There's a Harvard study about the use of the word Latinx. Yeah. They're Not And. it went like 2%. If it was like anyone even around it, it negatively rebounded on everything around them. How many times do I have to tell you? It's lax. Yeah, Yeah. No. Is that, well, There's a debate. Oh, it's not that we don't know for sure. No, it's not said. Doesn't matter. So we actually don't know what, How to say it. Even that is still under debate. Hold on. Speaking of Latinos, take a listen to Harry Entin over on C Nnn. I love hearing summarizing what happened. I know he's been doing a great job. Shot 17.


Look at this. Kamala Harris won Latinos in Pennsylvania, but just by 15 points. If you go back four years ago among Latinos in Pennsylvania, Joe Biden's margin was, get this John 42 points. Wow. Wow. Donald Trump winning among Latinos in Florida by 18 points. So you might say You know Latinos in Florida. Cubans as you two were pointing out, it wasn't just Cubans. But keep in mind, four years ago, Joe Biden carried Latinos in the great state of Florida. So Donald Trump flipped it. How about Texas? How about Texas? Look here again. Another win for Donald Trump. We are seeing this movement across the map. It's, remember eight years ago, Latinos were one of the biggest trouble spots for, for Donald Trump against Hillary Clinton, Miami Dade.


He lost that by what? 30 points four of eight years ago. Tonight or last night, he carried Miami Dade. We're just seeing this explosion of Latino support for Donald Trump. And the bottom line is we've been talking about realignment, realignment, realignment among Hispanics. Definitely realignment. This is what realignment looks like. Realignment Looks. I mean, maybe they too don't understand the patriarchy and how they interact with it. And You know with Sonny Hostin, she's talking about, she's worried about the working class. What is the realignment? The realignment is a working class realignment, correct? Yes. I mean that the Latinos have more of a working class than the whites and the white women and everybody else. But You know this is yet another liberal elite bullshit line of like, you're too stupid to know what's good for you.


Yes. The gardener is dumb over again. I need to tell the gardener how to go. Americans love being condescended too. It's just gonna work Over And over again. But why do you think that the, the Latinos have moved over to Trump in such massive numbers? Patrick Ruffini, I think has done a lot of the best work on this. He has a, a book that came out I think last December about the working class realignment. It's cultural issues. It it is as much as is it's Latinx like to the extent, hello. To the extent that that is something that people have ever heard about. It's like, what are you even talking about? And, and again, it's things that affect you in your cultural life and in your workplace. And you don't understand it and you don't like it. And, it feels like a them has imposed it upon you.


I said this before the election. Donald Trump could always depend on having a bigger vote among people who are mad at them. I know so many people, we all know so many people who live in New York who hate the way that New York is governed the city, the state or whatever. And if you wanted to express how you don't like, things are governed in New York. How did you vote? You know yesterday you voted for Trump. Even though, what's he gonna do to New York? Who knows? But if you're mad at them and the them tend to be the people who control culture, more media, Hollywood and also big city governance. You express this by Trump because them have been bumming you out. They've been kind of getting in your kitchen. They've been condescending to you for a long time and you're sick of it. The cultural thing Is very cultural than they're mostly Catholic.


Mostly religion. And I'm Catholic and you go to mass on Sundays and you hear when we, they get into the culture stuff, they are not protran. They do not believe God makes mistakes in creating human beings or in, they don't buy into any of the trans insanity. Trust me, because when I was first getting the papers for my annulment, which I am actually in the process of trying to do on my first marriage, Doug And I are good. I was saying what? No, we're good. Moynihan wakes up. We're Good. So Megan, this is a new America. Joy coming. Joy coming. The Monahan household, I looked into, I, I went to this period where I was like, I don't know, am I really Catholic?


Do I really wanna do, this is absurd that they're making me do this. And I shopped around for some other religions within the Christianity. And I wound up sticking with my faith that I was born into because they're hardcore on the issues that I'm hardcore on too. Like I appreciate that they're holding the line on the trans insanity and so are my fellow people in the la tx community. And not just that, but on immigration. But Latinos are like Trump. Well, This is a big immigration, big thing. Yeah. Yeah. I I do think that the biggest loser yesterday might be identity politics writ large. Hundred percent. There's a very real sense in which Kamala Harris is an identity politics candidate. Her entire legacy in the Senate, to the extent she has one, is just trying to position herself with respect to what activists are interested in.


Along those lines, And, it, there's, it's interesting just how kind of absurd the notion of Latino is as a category. I don't know if it's as absurd as like Asian, because there's so many. Yeah. The, the geographic territory is different, but it might be about as absurd as Asian. The, the El Salvadorians are not, Mexicans, are not, are not Ecuadorians, are not Chileans. And even within those communities, Brazil is massive. It is incredibly diverse. And the fact that Democrats imagine they could message to this diverse constellation of people by just saying, Latinos, we know what you want. You're concerned about your fellow brethren who are trying to cross the border illegally. We don't want them to come illegally. We want them to come the way that we did. Or at least I'm here.


Maybe I came illegally, but I got legal real quick. And this isn't working out particularly well. It isn't happening in a way that's orderly. This is unacceptable. And the Democrats thought they could skate on that, and they simply cannot. And I, I heard someone else make, make the observation that the Democrats kept messaging to them as if they were this one monolithic block. The, the Republicans were messaging to them the same way they messaged to everybody else. These are the issues that matter to you. We understand it. We're going to do something to address it. While the Democrats were telling you there is no crisis on the record And trying to spin you up on abortion. Yeah. Which by the way, is another thing that Catholics aren't so pro on there. I, I've been saying this for years and I'm a, a broken record, but it You know. This is the Marxist concept of false consciousness. When Marx and Angles were asked, why are the working class not You know, lining up behind you?


They say, well, they're suffering from false consciousness. The capital de express is tricking them into, and you continue to believe that, then you don't have to change your policies at all. So one of the things which I, they, they just project themselves in Park Slope onto Hispanics, because Hispanics are a minority group, and I'm really good. I care about minorities. What, what happened? Tony Hinchcliffe, right? Mm. The comment talked about This for how long? Yeah. A week. How much, how much did we give this what? You have Charlie Cook coming on, brilliant guy, but he lives in Florida. He's British, but like, trust him on this. He knows a lot about Florida. He's American now. He can never, he never, never. He's here. You get Yeah. no, no. With that accent, you can't do it. But Oceola County, which I think has one of the highest percentages of Puerto Ricans outside of Puerto Rico, flipped for Trump.


Yep. Apparently they have a sense of humor. They might, that doesn't mean the joke's Funny. You can say it's not a funny joke, but I know it's a joke. And I got upset. I said this And I was kind of booed by the crowd at Bill Maher. It was just kinda looking at when, when Joe Biden said, I was booed by the crowd at Bill Maher. Yeah. It s just, all The best of Us have been there. They look at you very sly. But when, when Joe Biden said a speaker at this Madison Square Garden, a speaker. Yeah. He's a comedian as though it might been Trump. It's the same thing. She did the same thing. It's not the same thing to say a speaker say, oh, he's saying that they're not stupid like that. They see this stuff and they say, yeah, that's a, that's a bad joke. But they're not like, oh my God, clutch the pearls. Get the fainting couch. Because that's how these people are, and they think people in Osceola County are the same way.


They're not. I'm sorry to tell you. Alright, standby more with the guys from the Fifth Column coming up. But first this,


let's be honest, the world is not getting any simpler. Whether it's a natural disaster, a supply chain issue, or just a nasty virus, things happen that we simply cannot control. But what we can control is how prepared we are. We have seen time and time again that preparation is key. It's about being proactive, not reactive. That's where the Jce case comes in. The jce case is an emergency kit with prescription antibiotics that cover a huge range of common infections. The Jce case takes the guesswork and the panic out of these challenging situations, you'll have the right medication and you'll have it when you need it in times of uncertainty. You don't wanna be dependent on outside systems. With the Jce case, you have a practical, reliable solution right at your fingertips. And this is about taking control in a world that sometimes feels out of control. So don't wait until it's too late. Get prepared right now. Go to jce JAS e.com and enter mk at checkout. That's promo code mk@jse.com to get the right meds the moment you need them. This is about smart preparation for you and your family's peace of mind.


So we have got to talk about the failure of the celebrity Oprah Winfrey. You have no power. You do not have any control over this electorate. Neither do you. J Lo Let's take a look at Oprah's final closing message on the campaign trail. We don't get to sit this one out. If we don't show up tomorrow, it is entirely possible that we will not have the opportunity to ever cast a ballot again. We're, we're voting to save ourselves from this precipice of danger.


We're not listening to you. You do not have the influence you think you do. I gotta play J-Lo too. Here we go. Oh, You matter. I remember, I remember growing up thinking my president cared about me, cared about my parents, cared about my neighbors and my community. Not just some Americans, but all Americans. I believe that our kids and this wonderfully progressive, innovative, and inclusive young generation deserve that too. And it's in our hands. It's in, it's our responsibility to provide that for them. He has consistently worked to divide us.


Yeah. At Madison Square Garden. Yeah. He Minded us. He really is. And how he really feels. It wasn't just Puerto Ricans that were offended that day. Okay. It was every Latino in this country. Latino Humanity and anyone of decent character. All right. I had enough of her. We get, we get the gist. Yeah. Yeah. I'm a mother, I'm a sister. It is the end. I'm a mother. I'm a sister, and you matter. Yeah. Where we went, they, they do it every time. They, they parade out the celebrities, I mean, from Taylor Swift to Beyonce, to Oprah, to J-Lo to usher to Bruce Springsteen.


That's why she got people at her rallies. By the way, Joe Garbo this morning saying, never tell me that the rally size matters again. By the way, we knew it didn't matter who went to mit Romney's rallies. I mean, they were enormous. Would never tell me that they matter. The reason her rallies were big is because Beyonce was there, But she didn't perform. No, but she performed. That might have made the difference. But I mean, The r the rallies with just Kamala Harris were not big. And the celeb factor, it doesn't help. And, I would argue hurts. I think that watching that J-Lo thing, I, the first time in my life I've sympathized with Ben Affleck, which is pretty Oh Gosh. But the other thing that was interesting about that is she came out in support of Ronald Reagan. Yeah. No kidding. Of course. Did you see that? Yeah. JLo Yes. Came Out, who was the President up?


Who was the president growing up when the 55-year-old JLo was growing up. She said, when I was growing up, our president cared about us. thank you. Ronald Reagan. Oprah Winfrey. By the way, when Donald Trump was asked, when he was running or or flirting with running with the reform party, he was asked, who would your vice presidential pick be? And he said, Oprah Winfrey. It's a bit of a stab in the back from them. And she sent him a note Then, or now. Yeah. Then at the time. Yeah. Yeah. A note about this. Yeah. They're friendly, cozy, And, and now, I mean, if there's no election, this, this ridiculousness that there's gonna be no election four years from now. I want them all to account for this. Because no one ever has to account for anything in political prognostication. That's wrong. We need to bring these people forward.


Who said there's gonna be no, I mean, her and Steadman, is that his name? Yeah. Steadman stead. Steadfast. Yeah. They'll be on the moon. She's a billionaire. She doesn't worry about voting. She can literally take a rocket to a different planet. And we have to sit there and be like, oh my God, she understands this. But that, the one thing I'll say, final thing about, about the celebrity stuff. What is the realignment? What are we talking about here? We're talking about working class voters. What really resonates with working class voters? Billionaires like Taylor Swift, billionaires, like Oprah Winfrey, multi multi multimillionaires. Like J-Lo they understand our issues. It's like, screw you. You have private jets? Yes. I'm waiting to get on a spirit flight. Yes. Okay. And like you're And I got stabbed too. During that week. I got stabbed.


And they're like, oh yeah, I'm getting off my jet to come to this rally and then leaving again. That doesn't resonate. Not because they don't like them, not because they don't think they're talented, but, but they don't think they have anything to say about their own lives. This is the, this is the Cardi B speech where she like, one, the MPS's not working. She has to read it off of the phone. So dumb. But then at some point, she's like, yeah, I mean, the prices are too high even for me. Seriously, she's, are you kidding? Right. Yeah. Even for me, at the prices at the grocery store, she promised me to my face, she's gonna stop the gouging. This, this is incredible. But, but I think we talked about this on your show when we were here shortly after the, the RNC, like the cultural firepower that conservatives actually have at their disposal now. Like the fact that you can appeal to a Dana White, to a Joe Rogan, even to an Elon Musk at this point.


Like they actually have power where it matters at the moment on the, in YouTube, like on the various podcasts. TikTok, my God. Like, it's, it's the, it's the, the happy dad guys, Theo v all of this stuff, all of this stuff. Sean Ryan has actually resonated with people. I I have to believe that the Joe Rogan endorsement and certainly the Joe Rogan interview, it's something that you actually hear people referring to regularly. Trump crushed it. He Was so entertaining There for three hours. And it. Was he exceptional for the entire time? No. But could Kamala Harris do it? I don't think so. Particularly when they're saying, isn't that Actually Trump? I listened to that whole Joe Rogan episode. And I have to say, I thought Trump crushed it. He was so interesting. Joe Rogan was taking him all different places that I'm sure he did not give a heads up on. Yeah. And even, even if he had, Trump would not.


No, but that's a real thing. I know. And by the way, It's one of the reasons he's like, the whales. I was like, what the hell? But Trump Knew his stuff. He knew his stuff. Trust me as a, as somebody who goes to the Jersey Shore and every summer. Yeah. These windmills are a menace. We're all working against them. Yeah. They're coming to basically up and down the jersey shoreline, which is one of the most beautiful coastlines in America. And they already killed them down in Cape May because they got very active down there. But they're still bringing a bunch of 'em. So it's an issue that we've been studying up on. Then they are killing the whales. And Shellenberger did this whole documentary that tox in large part about it. I don't know. I don't know how Trump knew about it or studied it, but he was able to go in depth on it without any direction they were going there, which Be able to do on Rogan. Yeah. I mean, that's the kind Of stuff you have to be able to do. Yeah. I think was her fear. And Rogan actually said, we invited her and we want her on, and I'm gonna take it easy on her.


I just wanna have a conversation with her. I wanna get to know her as a person. I don't think that was a setup. He's that's just his client. I think that's right. It's his style. He's not somebody who's combative. And people said, oh, like you expect people to come to you. Imagine if you did one interview in the history of your very, very long podcast that is traveling to somebody else, go see him. Go do it. You can't do it because you just don't have the personality for it. I'm, I'm, I'm sorry to say she couldn't, She spent time with a sex podcaster. Instead, she thought that was gonna Drive up. Oh, the call, call the ambulance or whatever it's called. The woman call her dad woman who was talking about, called the daddy about the ambulance. How do you still goes A week early? I don't stop insulting her. That sounds like a great show. We're different on this, on this issue. I, by the, the, the, the day that Trump, I, I thought he was like a real person was on Theo Vaughn's show when Theo Vaughn was talking about doing drugs.


Okay. And he started interviewing him. He's like, this is some pretty bad stuff. This is bad stuff. And Theo's like, yeah man. It's like And I was like, what is happening? And I was like, this is great. She can't do that. You need to be able to do that. Sorry to say, Alright, let's talk about what's gonna happen now. Because That's Right. They, another thing I heard over on MSC this morning was we, we are not like them. We are going to accept the results here. Hello. You were beating a landslide. Right? If this were tight, there's no way they'd be going quietly in the night. The only way that would force them to do it is that it's a landslide. I mean, Trump crushed them in every, and we are still awaiting the results in the house. That could take weeks because California cannot count. And we don't know how the house is gonna land.


But their New York Times latest is giving them a 57% chance. The Republicans of holding it officially. Now they just called Michigan FYI. But that was already understood to be in the Trump tally. So now he's got 200 and what, 92 electoral votes. It's going to keep going. So what was I saying that my train of thought, I'm getting tired and old. Okay. I don't think she has the mental capacity to go on. We have to replace with Somebody, some, just Some random person who's unpopular Jay around the corner, That they'll not accept that they wouldn't have accepted this vote if it had been tight at all. But now they're saying we, we will accept. But you tell me what will be the strategy going forward.


Because I don't think this, we're gonna come around on trans issues and we're gonna come around on the border and we're gonna, as Chris Matthews is talking about, come around on inflation and get more, I don't foresee any of that happening. You don't think so? No, because here's what's gonna happen. Trump's gonna get sworn in. If they don't stop 'em with some sort of law fair or last minute effort to, to declare him an insurrectionist and get faithless electors, he will eventually be sworn in and Elon's gonna start doing his thing. And RFKJ who scares the shit out of them is gonna start doing his thing. And me. And they're gonna, I told you you were wrong. All of us. No, you're not me. You're, you're so right. Yeah. I think there's some Issues. I'm not gonna lie. There's some of you. I killed a bear this morning. I predicted, I predicted that Trump is gonna curb him. I think he's gonna curb You think?


Yeah. I'm thinking he's gonna curb RFK Jr. Well, I Don't agree with that. He don't. You think, look, let me ask you, you who don't like RFKJ? Yeah. You saw dope sick You know what the FDA does with the people who are supposed to be serving us in the F fda and they rubber stamp these terrible drugs and they don't warn us properly. And then everybody is a addicted to opioids and dying. Same thing with the food. They don't give two shits. What kind of poisons are going into our food? Because they all want jobs with the food companies or with the drug companies as soon as they leave the FDA. 'cause they all want a pool in their backyard for the summer. That's exactly the kind of thing I think he's gonna say. I'd be happy to see the FDA dismantled. He's with you. You are a fan. But the person doing the dismantling, I don't necessarily want it to be RFK 'cause he's gonna replace it with something else.


Is It the brain worm? Is that, Is that it's not just the brain worm. It's, it's his chain of logic. There's always, there's always a a a, a thing of crazy right in the middle of it. It's a connective tissue that Doesn't drive you to him At all. Always. No. I, I don't, I I want there to be some kind of connection. I don't wanna replace a bureaucratic regime with an RFK regime. I want there to be no regime. Mean Don't Some Maha, I love the Maha life. I mean, I like Maha when he is like, yeah, people need sunshine. They should take hikes. But I don't think Trump wants to have a battle, a national battle about removing fluoride from the water. You, I don't know that he really wants to Do Let's do your homework. Camille Fluoride is Toxic, by the way, the thing about that FDA fluoride study is it doesn't really matter what's true or what's false, but it's just a weird thing to start with.


Because in the 19 and forties, fifties and sixties, if you were a tinfoil hat person before there was any studies in this at all, you talked about fluoride. That was always the joke. 'cause the fluoride in the water, the fact that he came out with that is just like bad politics. Maybe do that in the back end. Agreed. Agreed. Yeah. PR probably not. But yeah. I mean I think that the But look, Did you watch any of that hearing the Maha hearing? I mean, I've been getting into this lately over the past couple years, but Oh no. But the, Alright, Mr. Woo, who? Atlantic writer. I have not followed this closely. That's why you sound the way you do. Because trust me when I tell you that there are actual things that really need reform, including the amount of pesticides that are being, that our food is being treated with totally unnecessarily the different standards between the United States and Europe. I that When it comes to, I Don't doubt that Something As simple as fruit loops or we have 10 different chemical additives in ours just to make 'em extra red or my wife extra blue.


My wife is urgently concerned about a lot of these same issues. I just think you actually need someone who has a tremendous Amount of sophistication that Is our Fkj Some and some real rounding in these issues. That's Him, you guys. He's spent his entire life fighting these issues. As a lawyer, you don't need an MD to get an expertise in this story. I'll Accept that as well. I don't don't think he needs to be. I picked up his Fauci book and realized that about halfway through it that I was reading the entire thing was about how HIV didn't HIV didn't cause aids. That he's big on that thing too. There there's some And the thing is, is that Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Make did get he joke, his cousin Didn't do the murder. Michael the Cousin did the murder. Cousin did the murder joke. Cousin did the Murder. Michael Skakel Totally did the murder.


Guilty. Yeah. Right. How can you support this man supporting a murder? Apologies. He killed Martha Moxley back in 1971 with a Golf club. I, I remember the night for Halloween. Yes, exactly right. And and by the way, the cousin love This stuff. Don't joke. The Cousin, I do a love true crime cousin, just in case you have any doubt, was caught jerking off in a tree looking at her. Oh my God. I mean guilty. What? Yeah, you did. Yeah. Before she Was dead. Now in the tree. Yeah. How do you jerk off in a tree means that's what he's concerned, concerned about. I'm sorry. It's Trump America. We can talk about this now. You must have had a platform of something. Maybe I You know what that the sex podcast girl, she's a SiriusXM. I can get you booked on the show. You guys can talk about That was said that said the material that the material you had to use back then was different in a, it was in a tree looking down at somebody in a driveway.


I guess that's normal. I don't know. Oh, I'm sweating because I'm sorry. By the way, I just want everyone to know how bad I'm sweating. I Gotta ask something else. In the same way the celebrities fell flat and have no influence. And they're, they're gonna wrestle with that today. Oprah's gonna talk to Deepak Chopra about it. The Obamas. Oh man. Oh yeah. Oh Man. How about That? They're gonna blame her. I mean, but entirely what he made Obama, Kamala. Yeah. Because she has no rasm. She has no r. Yes. Correct. And that, I mean, you, that was the, the overheard remark that Obama was talking with Biden, right? Biden, Yeah. The lip reading. The lip reading. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. So I mean they tried to incept joy at the D nnc. They tried to say, if we just pretend that we're all experiencing this joy and then let's otherwise not have her do any interviews or, or expose herself at all.


We can somehow fool enough people. Yeah. That it'll work on election day. She was a bad candidate. She never, but his Contributions weren't particularly great either. I mean, he's got, he's the guy who goes out and, Hey black men, you gotta stop hating women. What are you doing? You Moved, moved by that at all. Why do People imagine that shame is going to work? Shame is a really bad strategy. Well, I I love one woman. I can only love one. You hate the rest of them. Exactly. Well, Exactly. Obama is right. I'm just, I'm so lovesick. You just can't use shame as a strategy and you can't use it in that way. And I mean he did it. Michelle Obama did exactly the same thing. They were not actually meaningfully advocate doing good work from an advocacy standpoint. They were also promulgating the exact same lies that we've heard over and over again about like dictator on day one.


About very fine people. Like that's what you're carding bar Barack Obama out here to do for you. Yeah. And Obama could have the, there was the, that the terrible month between Biden's debate, performance And. it should have actually happened long before that debate performance. But And I said it at the time that there's one person in America who I think had the normal kind of clout, authority and ear Yes. To tell Biden like, dude, back off. Yes. You've gotta, this isn't working. And that was Barack Obama. He should have done that certainly the day after the debate. Yeah. Instead of tweeting out as he did. Like You know Joe Biden might have some struggles with a word now and then, but he's still great. Yeah. And Everybody has a bad night. Everyone has a bad night. He should have been doing that within 24 hours. But he should have done that six months ago.


Eight, Eight months ago. What else did he not do within 24 hours? He didn't endorse her. It took him longest that it was a very long thought. I'm sure he did. And and You know it's, it's weird 'cause everyone has to learn a lot of lessons in the Democratic party from this election. 'cause you're right, the pointing out some of these You know the black men stuff, which I thought was actually weirdly odd for Obama. It was Obama never a guy. I mean, regardless of policy, the man understands politics. He's very, very good at it. He won two elections and they were not even close when he was talking. What was it? Couple years ago? He's done it multiple times now. Yes. About like wokeness. Yes. Yes. And he's like, this is With the thumbs. Yeah. And he's like, guys, this is too much. You can't cancel people for having different opinions.


He's kind of has that ecumenical broad mind and then slips into this is what we have to do as Democrats. Maybe that thing they slip into in the future is going to be different. Because I know that Obama's not really married to that kind of ideology. Yeah. He's just not that kind of person. And, I don't love him as a, as a political guy. But I think he's a very, very smart political mind. Well But for Barack Obama, the only thing we'd be talking about today is how America is racist. And that's the reason. Correct. Why Kamala Harris lost Exactly. If he t won that, if he hadn't won twice in this country, that is the only thing we'd be talking. They'll find a way though because she's got the double combo. Yeah. I Guess the racist Latinos, Even though she's actually not black, they should really only be playing the one. Maybe That's why they're mad. Yeah. Alright guys. thank you. thank you So much.


Awesome to have you here. Alright. Coming up the crew that was with me at three in the morning, dear until three in the morning last night. Think beyond Rich Lowry, Charles Cook and Maureen Callahan. Let's see if they're hungover.


It's possible if you're tired of the same old coffee from the big mega corporations pushing their woke agendas. Listen up. It's time to take a stand and support a brand that truly embodies American values. Blackout Coffee. They stand with hardworking Americans who believe in family faith and freedom. They roast some of the most incredible coffee you will ever taste using only premium grade beans roasted and shipped to you within 48 hours. And for the Cold Brew fans, Blackout Coffee is excited to announce the launch of their two new ready to drink cold brew coffee latte options. Don't settle for less. Make the switch to Blackout Coffee. Head over to Blackout Coffee dot com slash mk or use the code MK for 20% off your first order. That's Blackout Coffee dot com slash mk. The code is MK when you check out, join the movement. Taste the Difference. Remember with every sip you supporting a brand that stands for America, be awake, not woke.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply


Rich Lowry Charles C W Cook from National Review and the Daily mails. Maureen Callahan rejoin me now after a long, long night on the air. How's everybody feeling? Much better. Oh yeah, your voice is better. My voice came back. Oh, what do you think it was? It was Trump. I mean, my God, the stress is like gone. It's flushed out The first of the many gifts. Yes. He's going to give you Morgan. Yes, exactly. Alright, so now with a, with a full like six hours to think about it, how are we seeing the consequential, monumental news of last night? Well, I think it, it puts 2016 in different perspectives. So people like me would occasionally say kind of a fluky victory and draws an inside straight. You, you look in 2020, you can't replicate it 'cause it's such a narrow path.


So this isn't really a good coalition for the party. This is too hard. And last night he widened the path, he broadened the coalition and did it again. He replicated it. So it makes 2020 look more like the exception. And obviously we have a once in a lifetime pandemic that played a big role. It probably would've won in in 2020. So it it, it validates for now Trump's kind of politics and what he is tried to do. What do you think? To some extent, I also just think it's a referendum on the Democrats and her as a candidate. And Tim was as a candidate. They're crazy. Their policies are crazy. People are sick of the administration of which she was apart. They used to call it You know the Biden Harris administration.


Yep. That was, that was how they would always refer to it. And then they couldn't work out what to do 'cause they sort of had to distance her from it. But also they needed to make her look as if she has experience. And that's, I think that's killed her. One does wonder whether she, I mean I don't think Tim Walls killed her chances. I think she killed her chances. Yeah. And Biden with his policies and with his many cuts in the back while she wasn't looking, which I enjoyed. But I do wonder how she would've fared if she had chosen someone more serious and someone we could take seriously as her running mate instead of that absolute nimrod jumping around on the stage, moving his arms like he was flailing. Not to mention his radical trans policies and his stolen valor.


Military. I mean like he was stopped before he ever got outta the, outta the box from really connecting with people. He was outed as a liar, a serial fabulous. And then the hits just kept on coming. And that was the one thing she said on the record. She did on instinct. Right. Did on instinct. I think that this election is absolutely, I agree with Charles. It's a complete repudiation of the dems of these of their policies. Even even people on the inside are now saying that they ran a shit candidate. That the country is done with woke orthodoxy, with trans mania, with open porous borders.


That they have to listen, they have to go to ground, will they? I don't know. But watching the coverage on the left this morning, what's notable to me is it's less hysterical than 2016 or even when it was a close call. Well, Have you seen this clip? Oh show, lemme take you back to 16. This woman became infamous for her reaction to Trump's win watch. Donald J. Trump is now president of the United States President. Great Honor to be able to introduce for the first time ever anywhere. I'm no, no, That's present day.


Why that? Yeah. Hate me that bad. That's this morning. So I don't know. I'm not sure. Okay. I wasn't on TikTok My bad. I was just on basic cable, so my bad. But I do Think you, she's popped right? She wasn't actually. I think so, but you're she's not wrong. Right. If you watch M-S-N-B-C this morning and CNN they see they're in a, they're in the resignation piece of grief. You know, like acceptance because it was just so big. Yeah. Like there, there's just no no, you don't. Well, No, IIII think this is how they were last time. Actually. I think it's very similar. I mean, I remember watching TV the next morning and they were in resignation phase and they did sound more thoughtful and they did even indulge a little bit of self-criticism, which you didn't get last night, but they dropped it within a week.


Yeah, Yeah. We were, we were talking earlier, I remember after 2016 you had actually some press outlet. We need to understand these. Who are these working class people? Let's send a reporter to the rural areas or to a diner somewhere and learn more about them. So that, that lasted for a while. But the, at the same time there was a massive freak out on the left. And, and they, they took Trump as a permission slip to go insane. And that's, that's ultimately a huge reason why they lost this time, The Trump agenda going forward. Let's talk about it for a minute. There was an interesting tweet from our pal Mike Davis. He was on the show last night. We talked about him Brilliant lawyer article three project. And let me see exactly what it said 'cause I don't wanna misquote it.


He tweeted out prediction and keep in mind, we talked about last night, he clerked for Alito prediction Justice. Sam Alito is gleefully packing up his chambers. What did I say Last night? You did say that. And that would create the room for President Trump to appoint somebody who was joking some 25-year-old fresh outta law school who could say on the bench forever. I mean that and Clare Clarence Thomas potentially too. I mean, that could be two seats that could be secured for the next 40, 50 years depending on how young he goes for conservatives. I mean, that's gotta be something you like about Trump. Very much so. And that was the best thing about his first administration.


And that is something he has a record on that I actually find unimpeachable. I mean if you, if you look at the quality of the Supreme Court now, it is higher than it's been for a hundred years. Yes. And it's more ous and faithful and thoughtful than it's been for a hundred years as well. I mean it's, it is an irony. Right. I don't need to re-litigate all of my criticisms of Trump. But there is that and then there are the people he put on the bench who are phenomenal adherence of the constitutional order. So yes, this is something I really like about Trump and Not just the Supreme Court Charlie, but all, All the courts, all the federal court courts. Yeah. It's most litigation doesn't get up to the Supreme Court. So it matters. Yeah. It Matters Huge. An issue where the right is just one, they won the intellectual debate over how to interpret the Constitution.


Now the left doesn't go along with it, but even they have to pay lip service. Right? Yeah. They're Originalist two won the, won the political contention because they won the presidency and the Senate and paid a lot of attention to this and, and grew good constitutionalist judges that they put on the court. And that's one of the reasons why the left that they had the power just blow up the court. Right. Right. Yep. They've lost so thoroughly. By the way my team corrected me, he clerk for Gorsuch. So I had that wrong here. I wanna go back to the view. 'cause everyone loves view clips Sonny Hostin today with the following query watch. So 16, What we did not have is white women who voted about 52%. Right. For Donald Trump, uneducated white women is my understanding. You have Latino men actually voting more for him.


And you have, and black men was not the story, we're not the story here because they voted almost 80% for the vice president. Right. So why do you think that uneducated white women voted against their reproductive health freedoms? And why do you think Latino men voted in favor of someone that's going to deport, says he's gonna deport the majority of his Community? I don't think white women like being called uneducated white women think thank you. The economy that's matters. National security matter. That's what poll said. But but when you put people in these boxes, that's poll set. I think that's a takeaway from this race. But we, we have, Did she focus group that phrase, can you educated white Women? And by that she means non-college educated women, which in her world means you're uneducated. You're a dumb ass.


I mean, I ju I'm thinking of Charlie Kirk. He did not go to college. He is not dumb. He's responsible in large part for this win today. It's just so offensive. And then she just can't seem to understand why they would vote against their reproductive freedom. Maureen, It's so funny that you said what she really means is non-college educated. Because about a minute after that, which I like, I took in a sharp breath when she said that it was so hateful. She's such a racist. She's such a race. Baiter, everything is racialized with her and it's so unintellectual and dishonest. Anyway, whatever producer was in her ear said, no, no, no, no. Say non-college educated like that makes it better.


We got your point the first time. Yeah. Too late. You already lifted the dress up. Yeah. We saw your little Feelings. And then also she, she assumes most Latinos are illegals and are are stuff I think It's Latino. Oh yeah, sorry. Yeah, sorry, go ahead. But most of them are here legally and came here for the right reasons. And if you talk to any of them, they deeply resent people who are coming, coming over and just jumping, jumping the line. And there are a lot of pro-life women. Yeah. I mean, look, I get that she isn't That's fine. It's a free country. But it's such a, it is such a narcissistic myopic way of looking at the question. Like she can only see it from her perspective. So women must be voting against their own interests rather than what they think are their own interests.


Yeah. And the the uneducated thing, I mean, this is a thing I've written about a lot. We have a problem in, in America, it's less acute thankfully than it is in Europe. But we're getting there where we confuse education and credentials. Hmm. Credentials and education are not the same thing. They do this when they talk about misinformation as well. They pretend that if you haven't been to college, you are more susceptible to misinformation. It's just not true. The the whole woke agenda, especially with the trans stuff that you care so much about that is actually the preserve of people who've been to good colleges. Yeah. You almost have to be, have been to a good college to believe that nonsense. It's like the Orwell line about That's an idea. So stupid on an intellectual could believe it.


Yeah. It's, it's people who are uneducated who understand that it's trash. So what she's saying there is not just sort of condescending. It, it's also very selective in that half of the bad ideas in the world are believed by the people she's lionizing. Jen Psaki had similar comments about abortion and what she just cannot understand why it wasn't, it didn't rule the day watch. And for, for so many of you watching right now that news is to say the least, a lot to digest. I I understand that personally. She's calling President-elect actually Lost four years ago. He refused to accept the outcome and incited a violent insurrection on our nation's capitol.


This is the Framing campaign, while facing criminal indictments related to his efforts to overturn the 2020 results. And he's run as a convicted felon during this campaign. He has also promised to essentially be an authoritarian leader to use power like no American president ever has before and wield that power to go after his political enemies. This is a man who's also bragged about overturning Roe v Wade and stripping away women's bodily autonomy. He's promised to conduct mass deportations to crack down on the rights of millions of Americans. Donald Trump is the call an anti-democratic force, but he's just been elected democratically in our country.


Donald Trump was elected by expanding his support over a number of key groups. There will be a lot of times spent on how and why he won and what this will mean for the country over the next four years and beyond. I wish I had better news for my daughter later this morning. I mean, I know Tim Miller, And, I were talking about this earlier when she and so many others wake up to this news. I, I wish I could have called her and told her that the first woman president had just been elected. I wish that I won't be able to do that. But what I can do, what I can tell my daughter and what I will tell my daughter is that our roles as American citizens have never been more important than they are right Now. Oh my God. Oh, her poor daughter.


Poor Dora's daughter. The, the, the fact that she did that over music, like the celebratory, we've got a call to men. Yeah. Fascist dictator, multiple prosecutions, convicted felon, blah blah, blah. There, I, my own takeaway is that women were well aware that there was messaging on abortion that post Dobbs, they're in a different position on abortion than they were pre Dobbs. And they do not blame Donald Trump for it. And they do not think he's going to do anything to erode that. Right. If it's important to them when he gets into office, the women got it. Right. They ultimately understood he's not he said repeatedly Yeah.


That he's not going to try to do a ban. You said this last night, the wee hours of the morning, rich imagine now with the Republicans so far at 52 seats in the Senate, And, it could very well go up. We're waiting on the last few calls, but even if it doesn't, they have control. That's it. If they turned around and use the exact same rhetoric on the Democrats that they've been using, I believe in getting rid of the filibuster on abortion. Right. She just said it. Yeah. Like within the past seven days, let's get rid of the filibuster on abortion. We're going to pass a nationwide abortion ban and Trump's gonna sign it. None of that's gonna happen. Right. But can you imagine the freak out? Of course. And this is something the media missed about Trump's campaign all, all along. In many ways he was the moderate candidate.


Now mass by the way, he, he talks and, and asks and things he says at the rally, but on abortion, what's the moderate position that we should have it all the way through nine months and make Catholic hospitals do it. Her position or his position let the states decide. And actually I think some of the states have gone too far. Obviously his is his is more moderate on trans who has the more moderate position. Right. He, he just opposes this stuff the way 70% of the, the country. Right. Does even on on immigration, you wouldn't say mass deportations is a moderate position, but the public senate moved so right in that, on that in reaction to what's happened. They think that's more reasonable than just letting in millions of people unchecked because you've, you've let this flood happen at the southern border.


The other Thing is, I You know, can we just spend like a minute on the tariffs? I know that you guys are not pro tariff. I mean the, the old Republican party or pre-Trump Republican party was much more of a free trade Republican party and he's been very pro tariff And. it did place tariffs in place, which Joe Biden left in place on China. But that, whether you like it or don't like it, I do think it was very appealing to the working class who, who hear it as he's out there with his sword saying, I'm going to fight for you. These companies that wanna move south of the border, make all their goods, send them in here costing you jobs. I will fight them. I'm going to make it too painful for them to do any of that. I'm gonna use it as a weapon against China.


Who's hurt the United States on these free global trade policies. I think the working class guys got that and at least what they heard was he, he cares this is more than first time home buyers are gonna get a $25,000 down payment and just these little pinpoint prick policies she tried to run on. Absolutely. That that home buyer thing, which as many economists pointed out, was a non-starter because all it would do was inflate the price of houses. Everyone knows that except For Kamala apparently. Or I'm going to make it easier for black men to like sell weed just This and get bitcoin And it.


This constant sort of infantilization right. Of men especially, which is another thing that the the left has a huge problem with. They were not mentioning that in their come to Jesus moment on MS this morning. Oh really? They don't, I don't think they get what they're, what they've done to men. Really? Oh, that's fascinating. Did you get up in time to see Morning Joe or Something? No, I slept through it. But you can listen to the podcast on SiriusXM. So sometimes I do that for fun and And it to me it was just amazing. 'cause the gaslighting that Scarborough has been doing continued. We talked about it in the first hour. Rich where much in the same way. He was like, what Joe Biden, who once he decided the switcher rule was happening, he was like, I've been trying to warn everybody about these radical leftist policies for years at dinner.


You know the kids say can't say anything or they're gonna get canceled. And by the way, the young people, the young people turned out in droves, not a a majority for Trump, but kept it tight enough with that group that it put 'em over the top. And the Gen Xers are people, not you, you're a millennial are the ones that's the one age group that really voted in the majority for Trump. And I must submit for the record. That is because we grew up in the eighties when our parents didn't care about us and we had to raise ourselves and we are sick and tired of this nonsense helicopter bullshit, cupcake, snowflake life that we're shoving on kids and each other. We don't believe in safe spaces. Right. It used to be here. Flynn Bike You know have at it.


That's it. Yeah. Banana seed. Absolutely. Yeah. Just look rainbow. Yeah. So I I don't think it's any accident that Gen X put him over the top. And so now what? Right. I mean, do you actually think that there will be a challenge to Trump taking office once, to your point that they spoke like this in 16 after he won, but then we all know what happened. All they were ready to impeach him on day one. They didn't actually try to stop him from taking office, but this time there's been talk about that. Well, they should be if they believe what they say about him. If you really think that that was the last election we're ever gonna have, if Trump takes office, then they should try and stop it. I don't think they will because at first off, I don't think they believe that.


And second, I think even they're aware that it would be a little on the nose to do what they've been complaining about for four years. And if the house has gone to the Republicans, which now it looks as if it will, then there won't be an impeachment. At least not no good until after, after the midterms. What you are going to get, as I said last night, is a concerted attempt to make the case that this was the product of misinformation and lies and that the public was tricked. 'cause you just can't, over a sustained period of time, say the public is awful. I know they'll do it on M-S-N-B-C, but it's a democratic party writ large.


You can't say 51% of the country is wrong. It's just not electorally viable. So you have to say that 51% of the country was, was lied to and then that's gonna be Elon Musk, it's gonna be social media, it's gonna be dasd, the billionaires us. I think that's what's gonna happen. I think that's what you're gonna see more, more than an attempt to stop him taking office. Two things, there's just in Vice President Kamala Harris called President-elect Trump quote, to congratulate him on winning the 2024 presidential election per a senior Harris Aid. She discussed the importance of a peaceful transfer of power and being a president for all Americans said the aid so good.


She's conceded and she's supposed to actually concede publicly later today, I think they said at four. Secondly, I mean think of the number of hours we've all devoted to covering the law fair against Trump. And I. I'd love to get into what role that had in tonight's result or last night's result, but I'll give you the news headline first. Ken Delaney of of NBC new DOJ officials are evaluating how to wind down the two federal criminal cases against Trump before he takes office to comply with longstanding department policy that a sitting president can't be prosecuted. That'd be good. Wait, can we just just think about that? I mean, it's just remarkable.


Look what they did. I mean they they They had it. You mean they had it going during the election and then immediately stopped when it didn't work That the, just The, the audacity of what they did to him. The Banana Republic shit. Yeah. You know going after a former president and with two federal prosecutions, very scary prosecutions for stuff that You know in the Mar-a-Lago case. It wasn't great. He had the documents. He wasn't the first as everybody knows, but the January 6th thing was made up. It had already been tried and dismissed by the American people. And now like he, they are on the knee. He rested this, the, the, the mantle of power away from them.


They're on the knee, they're in submission, they've given it up. There will be no additional appeal to the 11th circuit that will be abandoned. There will be no going back to Judge Chuck and who hates him trying to get her to somehow say he's an inter insurrectionist before he gets certified. This is it. Fannie Willis is done. We talked about that. Alvin Bragg is the last man standing and that's a nothing. He's not sending Trump to jail. But that's it. That's the white flag. Rich. After all this time, one of The more amazing aspects of this campaign season was every time Trump or a Republican would say his political enemies have gone after him and prosecuted them, they get fact checked and they say, no, that's not true. How do You know that? Even if you put the Justice Department aside and just say it's, it's on the, the straight and narrow brag and Fannie Willis were Democrats.


Right? And and one of them basically pledged to do this and a political campaign. So of course his political enemies went after him. And Jack Smith was not separate from the Justice Department. He was a creature of the Justice Mar that is run by Joe Biden, his political. And so, And the number three guy from Justice went to work with Alvin Bragg. Matthew Colangelo. Yeah. So Trump, have you ever talked to him about this? You know why aren't, why don't you get stressed by things? Why don't you have trouble, trouble sleeping at night when all this is going on? He, it's like, I just kind of figure it's gonna work out and if it doesn't, I'll figure out some other way to make it work out. He made this work out right when at, at the outset, reasonable people thought four indictments, not survivable. Forget it. You're gonna be in courtrooms the whole time you might be going to jail.


And he, he tiptoed through the, the raindrops and prevailed over these people. And I say good. And by the way, the, the one thing that they got him on, well they got him on two things civilly. One was Tisch James with the lawsuit against his business saying that they committed corporate fraud by getting loans on more favorable terms than he was entitled to. All the banks said, we're fine with what he did, we got paid back fully. We're a sophisticated partner, we don't need your protection ts James. The, the appeal on that was brutal for Tisch James. That, that the appellate division is gonna reverse that, that verdict in Tisch James' favor and Trump's gonna emerge victorious on that. The one thing he's not gonna emerge victorious on, at least the way it looks now, is the Eugene Carroll civil suit against him.


Which then after she won, he allegedly defamed her by continuing to deny, which was also ridiculous. Yeah. Like court said, you have no right to, to continue saying I didn't do it. And I do. I can't help thinking about this moment, which just showed just how gleeful they were about trying to destroy him. And I've never forgotten it. It was Matt Ow and Eugene Carroll right after she won her 80 million. Do you wanna Design her Bag? Yeah. So one 14, You've talked about using some of Trump's money that you're about to get to help shore up women's rights. Do You know what that might be? What that might look like or? Yes, Rachel? Yes. Tell me. I had such, such great ideas for all the good I'm gonna do with this money.


First thing Rachel, you And, I are gonna go shopping. We're gonna get completely new wardrobes, new shoes, motorcycle for crowing new fishing. Rod for Robbie. Rachel, what do you want? Penthouse. It's yours. Rachel Penthouse and France. You want France? You wanna go fishing in France? No. Oh, alright. Alright. Okay. That's a joke. Joke. Although if, if me fishing in France could do something for women's rights, I would take the hit You know. I would obviously take one for the team. She's not laughing anymore. Rachel Maddow, she doesn't really give a damn about Eugene Carroll.


She was just a tool to hurt Trump and potentially stop his chances of being reelected so they could call him a sexual predator. Well, it didn't work. They did exactly that. that was Kamala Harris opening message when she got the, the, the nomination or was it the elevation? Was that he was a sexual predator. She knows his type. That's why Eugene Carroll was useful to them and it didn't work. Rachel Maddow's not laughing this morning. There's nothing like seeing people laugh about alleged sexual assault. I can think of nothing less funny than being a survivor of sexual assault. So that display right there was cynical, disgusting. And exactly what you're saying, it was just a tool.


She was just a useful idiot. You know, and again, with Kamala, the problems are manifold and we will be dissecting them for a long time to come. But the gall to go out there and say, this guy's a sexual predator when you're married to Doug, freaking haw. Mm. She knew. She Knew. How could she not know that was gonna come out? She had to know. It's interesting because Mark Halburn said right after she was elevated, has she been fully vetted? You know. And he suggested like, has your husband, has Tim Walls been fully vetted? Like are we sure that this is gonna work out? Let's talk about Trump.


He has been abused by this DOJ and the law Fair and so on. So he sounded magnanimous last night. You know, I mean, he said he wanted be a president for everyone and wants the country to unite. They always say that. And then we, we don't, but do you think we're going to have a, I don't know, like a kinder, gentler Trump in office or no, no. I was shaking heads. no, no. Well, It, it depends what you mean by that. I mean, he's not gonna change his nature, but he was president before and he didn't go after Hillary Clinton, which is what everybody said they expected him to do. So who would he go after this time? I mean, the argument would be what Biden for some of this investigations into the, I think one theory is he could go after the prosecutors, right?


I don't, or I mean, it could be Biden. 'cause Biden was said to have committed crimes by the special counsel who investigated him and just Said, I, I just don't see that. I don't see that happening. I don't either. I could possibly see going after the prosecutors. I actually, and he here, I'm sure I'll be wrong, but I actually don't think he will. I just, I just don't think he wants to spend his time doing it. And it. It'll Be all consuming if he tries to do it. Exactly. And he'll fail. And, and maybe This won And. it wants to be popular And. it wouldn't be popular. Right? Right. And maybe this won't be true because they're gonna un unwind it as, as you just shared with us on the news. But I thought this would be the, the flashpoint. They, they're You know shutting down the investigation, getting the guy in to shut, shut it down and controversies, and suppose the scandals over that. Maybe that won't, won't happen out the gate out.


What is going to happen now in the next whatever days? What are, what is it now? November 6th? January 20th, he'll be sworn in with Joe Biden. Does he? Pardon? Hunter? Does he, does he, there's some crazy You know speculation on the internet that he might go to Sotomayor and say, Hey, now it'd be a great time for you to step aside too. She's 70. Like I could have one that right now the Democrats control the Senate so we could get a confirmation. So do you, is there any chance of that? I I have a, this is pure speculation on my part. Just the product of having followed the Senate very closely. I am not a hundred percent convinced Joe Manchin would do it.


Joe Manchin's gonna be in the Senate until the beginning of, was it January 5th if Joe Biden now is a lame duck, having lost an election on of that magnitude, or this party having lost it, said, I'm gonna put in a new Supreme Court justice. I wonder if Joe Manchin, who remember just handed over, was about to hand over the keys to Jim Justice to be the new senator who won 70 to 30. I wonder if Manchin would, would go along with it. I might be wrong. Yeah, I think would feel too rushed and cynical and, and disorderly. But I'd be kind of shocked if he doesn't. Pardon Hunter. I think he'll Yeah. I Mean, how, how's he gonna get? I think he'll too picked off the ticket, have his su successor lose and then see his son go to jail.


You know sometime when he is in the retirement home in, in Wilmington. I I, I think I'll Pardon you think Trump might pardon him if, if Biden doesn't, I could see him loving the press. Yeah. Honestly, I could. I think Trump would pardon him. Yeah. He just wants, 'cause he would think, oh, well if I, if I pardon him, I look magnanimous. He's a popular thing to do. And he can say You know Trump would say, I've been on the end of all of this federal You know apparatus. And, I'm gonna use my position to get you off the hook. You already had JD Van saying nice things about Hunter Biden on this Joe Rogan interview. This just in Democrat. Tammy Baldwin wins the Senate race in Wisconsin securing a third term. So that is a house that the Republicans, I mean, sorry, a seat that the House of Republicans, why do I keep saying it?


Senate Republicans will not pick up. So what do we think the number may be? Now? You got 52 seats in the Senate. It's not gonna be 53 from Wisconsin, Michigan. Not clear whether Mike Rogers is gonna pull that out. I Think he's not. Pennsylvania is gonna go Republican. So that's 53. And then the question is, Nevada, is that going to be 54? And it looked as if it wasn't, but then there's a county, I forget the name of it, that is quite Republican that just dropped 20, 25,000 votes. And so it's possible that that puts the Republican candidate over the threshold. And then the question is, are there enough mail-in ballots and late ballots in Clark County to offset that?


Hmm. So that one's still live. So 54 is the maximum. 53 is the minimum. Pretty Good. Pretty Good. You feel confident about the house? I, I didn't, but then I also got the election wrong, Megan, so, And Last he's the prognosticator. That's True. I might, looking at him Last night, Even with the accent, we're not, we're, Last night I thought it was possible it would go to the Democrats. But this morning decision desk has, has predicted 221 Republican seats and now 223. So it seems it's pushing, It does matter. I mean, controlling both bodies of Congress would be amazing for President Trump. He could really push an agenda through including immigration reform. You three have been amazing.


thank you. thank you Megan so much. Guys. Great having us. We're part of history and it's, it's an honor. Thanks to all of you too for listening and watching me greatly appreciate it. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And, no fear.