
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the D-M-V-M-G-M and Game Sense. Remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. Happy Friday we made it. It's been a busy week. Last night I was out at the Al Smith dinner. Doug and I decided to go this year watching Donald Trump roast Kamala Harris, Tim Walls and more. We'll get into that experience and much, much more with my first guest today and later the first of our GOP Senate candidates will join us. Bernie Moreno of Ohio is in a very tight race.


This is the one Senate race that they are calling a tossup. He is trying to unseat the Democrat incumbent Sherrod Brown. And he could do it. It's like all the polls have the other guy up four up, four up three up, two up, two up one up one up one. So he's been behind in all of these polls and he's behind in the average of polls, but it's tightening just at the right time. So what does that mean for him? We'll get into it. But first, joining me now in the studio, Maureen Callahan, she's columnist for the Daily Mail and author of Ask Not the Kennedys and the women they destroyed.


There's a lot at stake in this upcoming election, but regardless of who is sitting in the White House, the fuse on the economy has already been lit. Even four years of a conservative presidency will not be enough to turn the tide on our $35 trillion national debt. And if the left wins, it will be like throwing gas on a dumpster fire. What can you do? Well, you do have options. You could protect your savings by diversifying into gold. With the help of Birch Gold Group, gold has stood firm in the face of greedy government's, economic upheavals, and global strife. And, it could protect you. Right now, Birch Gold will help you convert an IRA or a 401k into an IRA in physical gold tax free and penalty free And. It doesn't cost you 1 cent out of pocket. In the past four years, the buying power of the US dollar has declined while the price of gold has increased 40% coincidence. Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get your free info kit on gold Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 today.


Maureen, great to have you here. It's great to be back Megyn. Thanks for having me. Alright, so have you ever been to this Al Smith dinner? Never. Well, this, I've been a couple times. I used to go with Fox and I'm a Catholic and I love Cardinal Dolan. So it's kind of fun to go because what traditionally happens is the two presidential candidates come and they make fun of themselves in each other. Right. And, it's, it's very good natured. I think I told the audience, the one I remember is from I think 2008, where Barack Obama got up there and he was like, oh my, my name Barack comes from my mom. My middle name Hussein comes from someone who thought I'd never be running for president. Which is funny, right? So very funny. He mocks himself. Then you do some good natured ribbing of the opponent.


Everybody sits down and the whole setting is bipartisan. Like last night, I have to say, it was kind of bizarre. You're sitting there, they have this never ending Deus. I mean it's everybody's up in the Deus. It's like more people on the Deus than were on the floor. And you had Leticia James, the attorney general of the state of New York and Trump, the man whose fortune she's currently trying to steal, and she's gonna get overruled because that appellate court was crapping all over her successful verdict. So they're up there together. Mayor de Blasio's up there, mayor Bloomberg Berg is up there, mayor Adams is up there. Amazing. Who's been indicted when Trump gives him a little jazz.


Nice. Nicely saying good luck with everything. Yeah. Say good luck with everything. Yeah, exactly. Think you're gonna win. And you got Trump. You normally would have Kamala Harris, but she bailed. She refused to come. And she was the first candidate since Walter Mondale. Right? Since we were like 10, I don't know how old you were, what year that was, right? No, I'm around your age. Yeah, absolutely. And to, to not show up. And Trump made a joke outta that saying, you saw how that ended for Mondale. Right. Complete wipe out. He only won one state of the 50. It was a mistake. It would've been a chance to do some outreach to Catholics.


It's not just about New York. She's gonna win New York City. She's gonna win New York State. It's a What message are you sending to Catholics in America? This is a very big important gathering for them. They raised some $10 million for Catholic charities, which help little kids. Why wouldn't you go? And what she said was, reportedly she was busy. You know, she was on the just such bullshit. Trump is busy too. Really. You know, either you prioritize it or you don't. So she didn't get the chance to get up there, but she sent in a video. Are we going to watch the video? We're gonna watch part of the video. Okay. It was, I, we'll start with her because Trump is just, just is pure comedy gold.


But look at literally, nobody laughed. Nobody. It was, we were just confused. She did this bit from, I don't know, afar and incorporated Mary Catherine Gallagher, Molly Shannon's character from snl. So Culturally relevant. I know, right? Like Come up to date a little bit. Truly. Like, come on. The kids were probably like, who is that? Throw Your back into this if you're gonna do it remotely. I mean, this is what really struck me, and I think goes to the core of her essential problem. She cannot laugh at herself. She does not have a sense of humor, which is a sign of intelligence. And people love nothing more than others who can poke fun at themselves. I think. And we saw Trump do it. You know, Eric Adams, like his entire administration is under indictment every day.


Another person is resigning in disgrace. He showed up. Right. That could not have been easy for him. Right. You know, my husband was saying too, Trump had a moment up there, which was actually kind of endearing. Just be, I'm getting ahead of myself. But he said, you know, do you think it's e it's, it's not easy to come up here and speak to a room like this where half the people hate your guts and the other half loves you. And then of course he adjusted his numbers And it, 70% love you. You know. But he's like, you think it's easy to get up here and do this? He was exactly right. Like this is New York City. It went 87% for Joe Biden. These were not his fans, but he came and he stood in front of us and he did his bit in a good humored way.


He made fun of Kamala of course. And Joe Biden and Tim Walls and all of them and himself and took it like a man. Right? Yeah. So she instead bombs in via videotape with all the, the clee lights and the eye lights on her. You know, her lighting was just choose a glow, Maureen. Right? Right. And she has Molly Shannon pop in and do the entire bit. It really wasn't Kamala Harris, she just kinda wrapped it. Here's a little bit of what we saw. Sorry. Hey, what's going on? Who was that? Oh, sorry. Mary Cathy Gall. Mary Cathy gall. Sometimes when I get nervous, I stick my fingers under my arms and I 'em like that. Hmm. That's gross. So tell me something.


I'm giving a speech. Do you have some thoughts about what I might say tonight? My feelings about what you should say tonight would be best expressed in a monologue from one of my favorite made for TV series. Okay, let's hear it. Don't you see, man? We need a woman to represent us. A woman brings more heart, more compassion and think how smart she must be to become a top contender in a field dominated by men. It's time for a woman, bro. And with this woman, we can Fly. Thank you Mary Catherine. Thank You mama. Thank you. Your eminence and distinguished guest, the Al Smith dinner provides a rare opportunity to set aside partisanship and come together to do some good by supporting the tremendous charitable work of the Catholic Church.


Why didn't you Really, Where were you? I also love her Wiki thumbnail of what the Al Smith dinner is. Right? I mean, is that not her in a nutshell? Right? Let's go back to whatever, whatever, whatever. And I can just eat up some time. Right. You know, I was raised Catholic. I no longer really consider myself a Catholic, but I think she's making a huge mistake. I think there's no way to read that other than dismissal and disdain and to watch Jim Gaffigan like to have that thing land with a thud like the room, the what I watched was silent. Yes. And then he gets up and he makes fun of her. And he's a pretty middle of the road. He's not a Trump fan. He's, I think he's publicly criticized Trump in in the past. Oh, has he? Pretty sure. Yeah. It, it Seemed like he had no use for Her.


No, exactly. I was surprised last night. Yeah. Because I thought he's a hundred percent on Team Harris. And then when I heard him last night, I'm like, oh wait, what you No, he, it didn't go over well at all. And the only I went back and watched it again this morning. 'cause my experience of it in the room was, of course she's so repellent. She's not warm. She just totally missed the moment. The moment is about being funny, making fun of yourself, and then yes, others too. And sins don't burn is generally the rule at all these things. She did not make fun of herself at all. She got up there and the little bit that we cut outta that, that was almost the entire thing. We just played the audience. It, it didn't go on for much longer than that.


I wrote down the, the other things that were in there. She said, do you have any advice for me, Mary Catherine? And the Molly Shannon character says, don't, don't bear false witness against your neighbor. And Kamala Harris responds with, especially when it comes to election results. Oh, okay. But I'm bomb. Okay. And then the second one was the, my other piece of advice is maybe don't criticize Catholics. And Kamala says, oh, I would never do that. That would be like criticizing Detroit in Detroit. That's it. That's as much as we got out of her And it. Nothing about herself didn't take a shot at like her weird laugh, her cackle, her the coup.


You know, she should have gotten some SNL writers in there. She had somebody from SNL to write something funny about herself that would've made her seem warm. 100%. And there's no lack of material there. There's no dearth of stuff to poke fun at. Are you kidding? That little bit too of, first of all, don't don't offend Catholics like we can take it. Yeah. You know, like WaPo, their coverage of last night was that Trump was profane and below the belt. Right. And all I could think was, excuse me, nobody does that better than Catholics. Especially Irish Catholics. That's we are star bread and butter. So flu in that. Are you kidding?


That's great. That's true. So to then not bear false witness. Well how about these women that are causing some trouble vis-a-vis your husband. Yeah. What about them? How about that? As Mary Katherine Gallagher is saying, woman, woman vote for, well how about these other women? Yeah. And when I was reading a bit before joining you, I, I had not realized this, but in 2022, Biden signed an act called the Speak Now Act. And what that does is free any woman who has had to sign an NDA regarding a sex assault or harassment settlement to speak freely without any fear of retribution.


Let's do it. Let's go nanny. Right. Let's hear from the nanny And the ex-girlfriend. The Ex-girlfriend's not speaking, she's not under an NDA, at least not as your paper, that email's reported. I think she just doesn't wanna come out because her life will be ruined. I think so too. And I think my hope is that it, as difficult as it may be for her, that she can maybe see the bigger picture. Because this story is so completely under-reported still. It's infuriating and I cannot believe it. It's infuriating, honestly. Well, let's, let's table that. Okay. We'll do SNL first, or not SNL, but Al Smith. And then we'll do Doug mh Hof.


'cause we've saved this for you because Oh, there, there's so much to go over the dereliction that we've been seeing. So she missed the moment. She didn't get it. She offered no jokes at her own expense and she made absolutely zero inroads. I believe she did not go, because the Catholic church you might know at home is anti-abortion. They're not big on abortion. That's fine. She is. That's her number one issue. And they are not pro this trans mania. They do not believe that you can be born in the wrong body or change your sex. And I think she was worried about offending people on her side who believe in those things as though those people aren't aware that that's how we Catholics view the world and would see her visit to a dinner that every Democrat for 50 years has attended as somehow breaking new ground against them.


It's really incredible. I mean, if she's that fearful of her own base, what is she doing? You know, when she, it it, it's akin to what she was saying to Brett Bear the other evening when he was pressing her and she was saying, well, I will follow the law. I don't think she understands the job description of President of the United States and how, you know, Barack Obama had a lot of needles. He a lot of threads rather, he was trying to work through a needle when he was first running in 2008. He did not shy away from any of this stuff. And we know that David Pluff, one of his top guys, is now one of Kamala's top people. And I really think she is this, I mean, we know she's difficult to work for.


Like 90% of her staff has fled in tears. No one can get through to her. I don't, I think, you know, you often make the Meghan Markle comparison and I think that's right. Because I don't think she's smart enough to know what she doesn't know. I don't think she has the humility to listen to constructive criticism. If any one of us had had half those flaming disasters of interviews, I mean, I'd be holding crisis meetings Yeah. And asking people, how do I up my game? Tell me what to do. I will listen. And the chance, like on the heels of that disastrous Brett Bear interview to come out and show that you still have a sense of humor. You're still willing to put yourself in front of a crowd that may not be all in your favor.


Yeah. Even raise something about it. You know, like something that you did something silly, something about you that's bad, that's in the news and people will love you for It. They really would. They share the smartest thing she could do was is to go on Saturday Night Live. Yeah. But she won't, she doesn't have that gear. And I hadn't linked it to her lack of intelligence. But you're a hundred percent right. There's no evidence that Kamala Harris is an intelligent person. There really isn't. None. I've been very open-minded to it. I mean, I, I can see somebody clearly and say, I don't like this person, but I can tell that it's a smart person. She's not there. That's not her. So you're right. That's why she's unable to make fun of herself other than she can laugh at other people's jokes. She can just cackle her way through what she recognizes is supposed to be a funny situation.


So contrast that with Trump who gets up there. It actually was kind of funny. He was a little obsessed with the fact that there was a teleprompter, but they told him he couldn't use it. Why? I don't Know. I guess he really didn't wanna have to read his speech, old school. Oh. But I think they did him a favor because they let Jim Gaffigan use the teleprompter. He was the mc And, it seemed to fail on him more than once. And you could see him kind of like deftly, but stutter his way through a couple of bits as it stalled and then tried to recover. So I'm wondering if just, it was either tradition or whether they knew the prompter wasn't that steady and they wanted to spare Trump ah, from having to deal with that.


I don't know what the answer is. Anyway, it was funny to me and Doug that like, he kept going back to it. He's said now they told me I couldn't use the teleprompter. Now I get here. There's a beautiful teleprompter. It's beautiful. The best teleprompter, I guess only you could use it. Yeah. So he gets up there and hits everybody. I mean it was like machine gunfire. He just hit everybody in the room. But in a very funny way. And himself talked about like the indictments. All of that did not mention Tisch James, I think, I'm trying to remember. I don't remember whether he did that. But here's a sampling of how it went for him. It's a true pleasure to be with you this evening. Amazing pleasure. And these days it's really a pleasure anywhere in New York without a subpoena for my appearance.


But if you really wanted Vice President Harris to accept your invitation, I guess you should have told her the funds we're going to bail out the looters and riders in Minneapolis. And she would've been here guaranteed. She would've been here guaranteed. There's a group called White Dudes for Harris. Have you seen this? But I'm not worried about them at all because they're wives and their wives lovers are all voting for me. That's great. Campaigning can take a toll on a family and family life. Although I hear that Kamala and her husband carve out some really beautiful alone time at the end of the day for an intimate dinner.


Just dug her. And the teleprompter that she uses quite we tradition holes that I'm supposed to tell a few self-deprecating jokes this evening. So here it goes. Nope, I've got nothing. I've got, I guess I just don't see the point of taking shots at myself when other people have been shooting at me for a hell of a long time. And they shoot. But unfortunately Governor Walsh isn't here himself. But don't worry, he'll say that he was, he's gonna say My favorite. That's great.


I used to think that Democrats were crazy for saying that men have periods. But then I met Tim Waltz, the stupid show. The view is so bad now that the other day I was watching it and thinking to myself, you know what, they really need to bring Rosie O'Donnell back. Oh God, no. That's desperate. That's great. Isn't that good? That's so funny. And even the joke about like, you're supposed to say something self-deprecating. So here goes, I got nothing. Is him being self de like he's making fun Of himself. Want self-awareness. Yeah. Right. Because I, I am notoriously depicted as very thin skinned. Right.


And I'm a braggart and Why would I brag, do such A thing. And it's amazing to watch Michael Bloomberg, former mayor sit there with a stone face. Yes. Just completely w will not be charmed by this whatsoever. Right. No matter what you think of Trump, he was charming. Yeah. In that, in that little bit. He did. And that goes a long way relatedly. So I was at my doctor yesterday, and these are people I have known for like 15 years. I'm wearing a red baseball cap. One of the doctors says, I saw you from behind. And I thought, oh my God, is she wearing a MAGA cap? Oh. And I was thinking to myself, well what if I was so what?


Right, right. Do you think differently of me now? Like I'm not wearing a MAGA cap, but that doesn't mean you know what's going on inside of my head. It makes you wanna wear one. You know, it kind of makes you wanna just be like, you know, And. it just, it was a moment where I thought, there are so many people in this race as it comes to its inevitable, thankful close who are considering Donald Trump in ways they thought they never would. And I think there is going to be such a silent turnout for him. I really think he's going to win. Do you? I do. Do you? I'm getting worried. Tell me why. Because I've reached out to a lot of people who I know and said, how's it looking?


How's it looking? How's it looking? And they just keep giving me back the same feedback. 50 50. Really? 50. 50 50. You know? So I think that's real. I think that it, you'd rather be Trump. They also say, I'd rather be Trump than Kamala. Like the momentum seems to be with Trump and he's closing strong and he has a tendency to do that. And he doesn't have the baggage around him this time around covid and lockdowns and all that that he did going into the last one. But it's tight, Maureen. It's very, very tight. And I think it could very well be a real nailbiter on Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday. Right. No, Agreed. I, I wonder if we'll even know that night. You know? I know.


I really do. And it's, it's so for people like us who live for this stuff and marinate in the news, it's really exhilarating. And then just as a person and someone who loves this country, it's frightening. Yeah. And terrifying. It's such a fork. You know, it's not like, I don't know, even like Romney Obama, there, there were big differences. Big differences. Po policy speaking, But, it didn't feel, you know, I don't wanna say existential, I don't think this is existential for the country. I know many people do. It didn't feel this huge, you know, the, the gulf, the delta Yeah. Between the two of them just did not feel quite this enormous. Yeah. I mean, we are about to go on one of two paths and it's almost just diametrically opposed, depending on how this goes.


And not only that, the whole Senate house and White House could both go either way. Right. Right. You know, I know what the odds are, but I'm just saying it is potential that one party or the other could emerge with full control, which is just like terrifying in some ways. 100%. So yeah. I, I like, I actually woke up the past few nights at three in the morning. I'm like, am I becoming one of those lunatics whose life gets overwhelmed with politics? I've never been that person. It's just my team reminded me. They're like, no, it's that you're overwhelmed with the amount of news that we're trying to stuff into the show every day. And don't get to now. I still have more to say. And there's crazy stories and there's fact checks that we need to do.


There's just too much shit being thrown at us. And I feel like we've gotta keep it straight, you know? Right. The other side is upped. Its level of lies and we have to respond accordingly. Yes. Yes. And it's also, I think everybody's running on this level of cortisol and adrenaline and it's just, I I, I feel the same way. I mean, I have nights where it's difficult to sleep and I'm not even sure what it is that's keeping me awake. But it's this constant bombardment and it's this constant feeling that this, this election does feel different even though every election since Obama has been the most consequential ever. I find it fascinating by the way that our favorite multimillionaires, the Obamas who are all about democracy in the future of this country, have been very quiet when it comes to Kamala.


Like they're coming out of the woodwork Next week. They're checking a box. Right. They're checking their box, they're doing their duty, whatever. But these two do not want her in office. And that says everything to me. Whether you agree with Obama or not, he's one of the smartest political minds of the past 50 years. He is. He knows what he's doing And he didn't think she could do it. It he was didn't the last of the big names to endorse her And. it kind of got dragged into it because she had secured the whole thing, notwithstanding his reservations. And then what choice did he have? But he's smart enough to know she's not a smart person and she should not be having the job that he does know very well.


100%. And I really, when he said that thing to that audience of black men about his theory, that they don't wanna pull the trigger for Kamala because she's a woman. I mean says the man married to the most popular figure in the Democratic party. Michelle freaking Obama, Maybe in the nation. Yeah. We, we, this is not a sexist country that can't stand the idea of a woman that that party begged Michelle Obama to run begged. But he looks right back at them and says, it's your sexism at play. It's Your fault. It's your short shortcomings. You're too small minded. Who doesn't love to be told how small minded they are by a guy who's jetting back to his estate in Hawaii that she's building.


Right. No, All of them. And then Michelle Obama, you know, how much money does she get per speech? Look at all of her estate, her estates. And then she's, you know, she's out on the, as you as you know at the DNC talking about how we're suspicious of people who earn too much money. Ooh. It's just that, that they're everywhere saying that kind of messaging to us. And I think it's like Bruce Springsteen was out endorsing Kamala Harris. It's like, you have more money than God. Like just stop. Okay. John Bon Jovi was out endorsing Kamala Harris. Like you used to be a jersey boy who understood how these voters are living. Those days are long passed. I've been behind the stage at a John Bon Jovi concert seeing him first class firsthand. And I was with Kid Rock who was drinking his whiskey like a normal rocker should.


And there was John Bon Jovi, literally with his white wine, with his pinky out. I'm like, really? Who? Of course he endorsed Kamala Harris. You know. Wow. It's just, you see this parade of multimillionaires like, and then today Taylor Swift dropped a video on Insta where she just walks. You see her from behind walking into a stadium and then she turns to the camera and she's holding her little kitty. Here it is. Her little kitty just reminding us. She's a childless cat lady. Maureen, here it is. S-E-X-Y-Y-E. Play with me. I put a pot in your teeth with my pees. Now we coming 50 deep. You ain't know I was a hitter because I'm always looking cash shout new bar a MG outside.


What was going with some bloody red seats. Like Taylor Swift can relate at all to the problems, the working class or the middle class who are really considering Trump. Even if they don't much like the man, I'm gonna guess that's a $15,000 cat. I'm not kidding. She is so awkward. Anyway, she's so profoundly awkward. She is. You know who matters? Beyonce. Where's Beyonce for Kamala? It's true. She let her use the song, but she hasn't really been out there for her. She was for Hillary. It is kind of interesting. I Think it's very interesting. Well The other thing is Taylor Swift, like parading out. How old is Taylor Swift now? 34. Three four.


Parading out Like with your swagger, like childless cat lady. I'm not sure it has the message that you think it does because your love life and your travails are in the news every other week. Yeah. Like we understand you sing all the time about being rejected and cheated on and discarded. Right. Like, okay. It's like a little more complicated than you're leaving leading us to believe. Yes. It really is. I mean, I thought it was, you know, when she came out after that debate on Instagram and disabled her comments, but through her weight behind Kamala, I thought that was a really strange choice. I just thought why I, I guess she's so wealthy, it really doesn't matter.


Yeah. But why would you alienate half of your fan base? Yeah. Why would you do that? It makes no Sense. She doesn't care. I mean, I think she lost a few million subscribers on Spotify. I can't remember what the number was. But it, looking at, it was like she had 200 million subscribers and she went down to 200 million minus five And. it was like, I don't know. She lost a few million. Yeah. I was like, well in this huge, that's like Kim Kardashian losing a million followers on Instagram. She wouldn't even feel it. So she doesn't care. And that's fine. I think the consumer should just be aware of that when they give their daughters over to this woman and remember to counter program your daughter that Taylor Swift may sing some songs your daughter likes, but that does not make her any sort of moral arbiter in how they should live their life or choose their partners approach, relationships, anything.


It's true for all these rock stars. Nevermind just her Anything. Exactly. The Bruce Springsteen example too is so salient because he said, I don't know if you ever saw his thing on Broadway. Well then I saw it on HBO. I didn't pay money to see it, but everybody was raving about it. Like it was the most amazing one man show ever, ever, ever. And he gets up there and he starts talking about how he was just like a boy with a guitar and a dream and like we all got the memo a long time ago. But he says, you know, the thing about me is I am a fraud. I sing about what it's like to be working class. And I really have never been, Never. Well just assumed there were some years there in the childhood, maybe The childhood, but he was such a success from such an early age and was, and was sort of anointed the future of rock and roll at such a young age that he has lived in a bubble for the bulk of his adult life and he doesn't really know what it's like to be working class.


And he doesn't know what it's like to struggle. As great as his music is, it's just not the same. And I don't think Taylor Swift as she embarks on the 8000000th leg of this never ending eras tour. Yeah. Has time to immerse herself in the issues. Yeah. I don't Exactly. She's got one issue, which is abortion and that's what she's in favor of. E Similarly, today, Ian Sams, who works for the Kamala Harris campaign was tweeting out that Kamala's appearance with Brett Bear earned over 7 million viewers. Whereas Trump's town Hall in the middle of the day with Harris Faulkner, by the way, when people are at work, but that's fine. Only earned only about 3 million. And we were laughing thinking, this is not good news for you sir. You, you, you should not have wanted more people to see that interview.


Like it's not good for you. The 7 million saw her there that it didn't go well. 100%. I think a lot of that is people rubbernecking. Right? Like they can't believe it. Like that's the thing that if I were her, I would mock at the Al Smith dinner. Yeah. I would wanna mock that. I would wanna have people telling me to hard rap. Yeah. You know? Yeah. And like Watching her. That's good. Continue to go in on Brett Bear. Like I really think she thought she was like on fire. I think she thought she was winning this. And meanwhile her whole team is like, he's like, ma'am, like your people are telling me to hard rack begging me. It's not even going in yet. You know? And it's sort of like that.


I think it, it's one of the most insane interviews I've ever seen. Mm. You know something I, I was watching it with my family and all three of my kids who are not political beings, but they're just kind of taking it all in as kids. All three of them were like, just answer the question, why doesn't she answer the question? The Even Kids got it. That she was dodging and she left everybody with the same impression. She can't answer it or she won't answer it. Neither one is good. And so it is not something to be celebrated that she got 7 million viewers on that. And by the way, the reason Trump's town hall with with Harris Faulkner did not rate bigger is A, it was in the middle of the day, but B, because he does it all the time.


He's everywhere. Yes. Which Is good. That's what he should be doing. Yes. At this point, it's not about doing like four events in which you get huge ratings with, which absolutely Trump can do. He's got, unlike Kamala Harris, a lifetime of Huge ratings had the number one show in television for 10 years. Yep. Dr. Revitalize cable news for the last 10 that we've just been living through. Yeah. Not to mention broadcast. So please spare me. Right. If Trump wanted to just strategically drive the numbers up very easily, what he's doing right now is trying to blanket the field. Right. He's said yes to virtually every podcaster out there. Right. Because he's just about getting himself exposure.


Right. As opposed to just driving somebody's numbers up on one hit. And He's so smart to do podcasts where you have longer, more free ranging discussions, which really does show a nimbleness of mind. Like, and he'll just talk about anything, you know, whereas she needs these parameters and you, I think it was Jim Gaffigan at the event last night. You tell me who said something like, well she can make time for call her daddy. Yeah. But she can't make time for us. And that's all you really need to Say. Yeah. For the Catholics, I mean really that's, that's who she rejected in favor of the sex podcast. You know, the problem that Trump is having in this race, if he's having one and, and I mean he is in that, he's not running away with it.


So there's, why is that? It's of course the gender gap and I mean there are definitely hangover effects of January 6th and all that too, even with men. But the biggest problem is women don't like Trump. And I know there are lots of female Trump voters listening to this right now saying I do. I'm saying countrywide far more women dislike Trump than like him. And I just don't know, like how do you get through to those women? You know? Because I want them to listen to us talk like you do not seem like a far right or even necessarily a ripe, I've never asked you what your politics are. I don't care. I'm pretty middle of the road. Yeah. You know, and I Of course had a very complicated history with Trump.


All I can tell you for sure is that, you know, within the last eight years, I really did not much like Trump at all. But then I watched him govern and I looked at the alternative and I looked at the country and at some point this becomes a binary choice. And that's kind of how I felt in 2020. And I did vote for Trump in 2020, even though it was much more difficult decision for me then, you know, I was still like, I don't know if this is a good person, but I like the policies and now I'm at the point where I just see Trump very differently. I don't think Trump is a bad person. I think he's controversial for sure. And he says incendiary things. He's not the most sensitive character. But I don't really give an FI, I feel like I don't want the most sensitive character I would, I would elect one of those IFE democrats if I wanted that.


Right. I want a tough man when he stood up after getting shot. Yeah. That's like just a before and after moment. I want someone who's not afraid of China or Russia or Chuck Schumer. That was one of the best moments last night. He almost like, just must trust Chuck Schumer's hair. Like he's like, he did it. Yeah. They want us to believe Nancy Pelosi got rid of Biden. It was him. He did it. This guy right here. So funny. He's not Afraid of any of these people. Like even just sit on the same stage with Tish James. Yeah. How could he do it? That takes real pulse. Anyway, I just, I hope these women can see it's about more than his language.


Whether he's rough around the edges, you know, and it's the way we ended our show yesterday where he spoke to that Bloomberg journalist Maureen, and, and the guy was like, oh, is it papa to call him Gavin a new scum? Any one of the CEOs in this room would get fired for using language like that. And Trump was like, I don't care. They don't get attacked like I do. They, they don't have to fight the way I do. Right. He's So right. He's, there's never been somebody more attacked than Trump. And so this is how he's chosen to get through it. Right. You know, to be bare knuckled and not unforgiving. 'cause he will forgive you if you, if you're warm to him, he'll be warm to you. But if you're not, he'll, he'll keep it going forever.


And to be sometimes petty. But it's that same streak that makes him stand up for Brett Kavanaugh that makes him not fold when he gets indicted four times when they literally try to steal his entire corporate fortune when they accuse him of rape and a 3-year-old trumped up charge. It's the, all of that has to come in this package. I just, I really hope women consider that in deciding whether he's too much. So to your disclosure about who you voted for in 2020, I voted for Biden and I knew he was not fully compost menis.


I knew he was installed there by the party, but I felt a real kind of fatigue, I think with COV, with lockdown. Trump's administration had felt extremely erratic. People coming and going And, it just seemed like that was a check for normalcy. And I felt relieved when I did it, even though Joe Biden would never have been my first choice. Now, I am also someone who has been yelled at personally by Donald Trump. I'd had nothing like what you had, but I know what it's like. And I have to tell you, Megyn, it was a high watermark of my career to be yelled at by this guy. And he kept going to the point where I said, sir, I think I have to let you go.


Like, you must have more important things to do than yell at the likes of me. But I think what's happening is you have to really, I look at, you know, they sort of, there's sort of this argument like, well, you're kind of at this point voting for a person and then there's this whole apparatus that really runs the country. But when I think about the last person in the room, or the 3:00 AM call argument, all I can think about is Joe Biden in the situation room being told by his top military advisors, his top war strategists, don't exit Afghanistan like this. Don't. Please don't. And he said, you know what, I'm gonna do it. I'm gonna, so it matters.


It matters. And every time Kamala Harris opens her mouth, she is not for us. She's not for anybody but herself. She's really not. And I truly believe, yes, you should always be suspicious of anybody who wants this amount of power, but we do know how Trump governed in the first term, this country did really well under him really well. And you kind of know what you're gonna get. You do know, I actually think that that trump's his ego, his enormous ego and the fact that like everything is a reflection of him that's close to him. The Trump brands Trump tower, his Trump company, you know, Melania, all of it. Like I think that's how he sees it's, it's not a bad thing to have him feeling that way about the country.


Like the country does. Well I do. Well it looks good for me. That actually we can use that to our advantage. That's how I thought it played out the first time around. He took personal pride in the US successes and he took any losses personally too and like wouldn't allow it and would stay on it like a dog with a bone. Right. The way he would, a reporter who he thought had crossed him right. The way he would do a political enemy who he thought wouldn't stop opposing him. I just think it's actually a net positive a all the tumult that comes with him personally, I think there, it it net net it's a positive for us as a country. And you look at the other side, it's like, I do think that Brett bear question to Kamala Harris about what did you know about the mental acuity?


How amazing was it that someone finally asked that question? We've given her a total pass. And just today, Maureen, he's overseas. I think he's in Berlin. President Biden, look, this is circulating on Twitter right now. Just take a look at the current state of our sitting president. Okay. Look at this. I don't know if you've seen this video. Watch this ll describe it for audience. He's walking in like he's 200 at the, trying to figure out where he stand. Oh. And then he stops and thinks he's nailed it. Like a 2-year-old with a big smile buddy who's ever spent time with a 2-year-old relates to what he just did there.


Unsteadily walks out and you have that feeling as the adult like, oh, oh, she gonna make it. Then when you can see he nails his spot, he looks up and gives a big smile, just like you've told your little junior to do for his school picture or his school play. I know She covered that up and refuses to take responsibility for any of it. I could not believe he asked that question. I was like, finally, because when I was watching the debate, I was like, are we just pretending that this is not a thing that's happened? That she's not been with him every week as she has said, or last one in the room when a big decision is being made and she knows nothing.


I mean, the Biden that we just saw is, and that we have been seeing is terrifying. It's disheartening. It makes me extremely angry because this is what the power structure is about. Just holding onto power how however long you can Biden, I think is marshaling every last resource he has to shiv Kamala. That's what he's got the energy for. Oh, It Looks, I'm sorry, I'm doing the Kamala hands. Oh, the, the Kamala Hands. I've started been making The Kamala, I decided that's one thing I like about Kamala Harris really well, she has pretty hands. Well she does. And they're very well manicured.


Yeah. And she has like a very expensive like gemstone. I'm sure Dougie gave it to her. I'm sure he did. Seems like a piece of apology jewelry to Me. I was just gonna say maybe outta after a fight, After a little indiscretion maybe, you know. But I think that, you know, watching that video, I've never seen Joe Biden as animated in recent memory as he was talking shit to Barack Obama. Yes. With the, the lip readers say it was about her. Yeah. She's not strong. Not like me. Yeah. Not like, not like Methuselah. Yeah. Yeah. He knows. Okay, by the way, oh, here's the lip reading thing. Okay. I don't have the, the translation in front of me, but was it the New York Post or the Daily Mail?


Somebody hired a lip reader to try to figure out what they were saying and he was saying she's not as strong as I am. And. it was the Daily Mail. I don't have it in front of me anyway. You, you Can, it was something like that. And Barack Obama I think was saying like, yeah, I know it. Or I agree. This is at Ethel's funeral, right Ethel? Yes. Well then Bill Clinton got up there and said like the weirdest stuff about how they always flirted together. Like what do you, And how he was, what are you doing? Was like, the replacement rates are down, we need more women like you to just shoot 'em out. Like, Okay, wait, my team sent me the transcript. Here it is. Early in the conversation, Biden says to Obama, she's not as strong as me. Obama. Obama solemnly replies.


I know that's true. We have time. Obama then says to Biden, no that's not on. Presumably looking at a mic to which Biden simply responds, Hmm. Obama adds. I think it's important that we can have some time together. We'll take it at face value. Biden then appears to back his predecessor up saying, yeah, we'll get there in time. Obama then turns his back to the camera and says something to Biden, to which Biden responds. So the relevant part is she's not as strong as me. I know that's true. We have time, not much. So that's according to the daily males lip reader.


We don't know whether that's in fact what happened. But I think you're right. He is trying to shive her because it would be the greatest I told you so for Team Biden ever. Right. Like you should have stuck with the one that brung you 100%. So we ran this image of Biden last week. I did a column that was sort of a wrap of Kamala's Media Blitzkrieg, and at the last minute they swapped in this image of Biden wearing a MAGA hat. Like a Trump hat. Yeah. Megyn. I thought it was superimposed. I thought it was a joke that we were pulling. I thought that at first too. And then I realized it was real and I thought, oh, there's not a mean girl within 500 yards of Biden that can compete with his animosity.


His he is re he is wanting to take her down. And I love it. I just love it. I, because it's a real party at war. We know what they think. Yeah. We know what Biden thinks. We know what the Obamas think. I, you know, Hillary is busy out promoting her book. Does she have time to give lip service? I don't think she does. And then Bill Clinton goes out there and tries to say that if only they had vetted those illegals, then Lake and Ri would still be alive. I mean, is he remarkable? Is he that far gone that he doesn't know that guy is a problem for the Obama or for the Harris administration? Not for earlier years. Like that guy was let out by the Harris Biden administration.


Right. Which makes me wonder, is Bill Clinton also trying to sabotage Her? I know, like, it's, it's a good question. I just thought it was sort of age and him slipping. But maybe it's something more nefarious than that. Alright, now I gotta ask you, but you don't have to answer. Mm. Alright. What are you thinking about this time around This election? Yeah, I am afraid to say what I think I might do. I, you know, I've talked about this with you a lot and I was talking to a friend of mine about this yesterday. There are people I am very close to who would consider themselves never Trumpers. I considered myself a never Trumper. But even just looking at the devastation wrought by these hurricanes.


I have cousins who live down in Florida. I have a cousin who she and her family have lost their house. They've lost everything. And she was saying, FEMA on the ground here is useless. Like, we have no help. These are people who have resources. They're not like the people in Bat Cave who are really the poorest of the poor. And I said to her, you know, my parents, they lost their house in Hurricane Sandy. And FEMA was also useless. I cannot tell you Megyn, how many times my brother would go to FEMA and say, where's our application? And they would say, we lost it. We invite you to reapply. That's the reality of fema. And that's the reality of this administration, which is just falling apart at the seams.


Whether it's that or the, the migrant crisis or the soft on crime policies that are destroying our greatest cities. And I think, well it wasn't like that under Donald Trump and the Middle East wasn't on fire under Donald Trump, and we didn't have an embolden Putin under Trump and Ukraine wasn't, you know, all of this stuff. And so I'm really trying to think as rationally as possible. And it is poss I thought, I thought for a while, never, especially after he gave that interview to Time Magazine, really left a bad taste in my mouth. But looking what they've done to him, the Lawfare, which every New Yorker, no matter how you feel about him, all rec, we all know bullshit when we see it.


Yep. So, yeah, I mean, I'm kind of thinking I could, I might, and I think I'm like a lot of people, women especially. Yeah, I really do. Abortion's not their biggest issue. No. For the Dems and women, I've told this story before, but in, in 2020, it was still kind of near my own personal bad period with Trump. And so I still wasn't much of a personal fan of his, but I had seen him govern for four years and I liked his policies a lot and he was chaotic. Like, I, I don't love thinking about my president quite that much. Right? Like, I kind of wanna think about myself more. And I, I know others felt that way. I've heard that people express that. But overall, I was very happy with the direction of the, of the country.


But it was still hard for me personally to actually vote for Trump because of everything that it almost felt like, am I betraying myself? Is this a lack of dignity on my part? Right? Like, he did not treat me well. I know he was very angry at me and whatever, but, and I remember telling my group of friends who are really, they did not like Trump. They were, they were all Democrats and they couldn't stand Trump. And then they were doubly mad about what had happened between yours truly and Trump. And we had dinner and I, I told them I voted for Trump and I actually like choked up because I was, it was just the end of an emotional saga for me where I just felt like, you know what?


I, I've come full circle with this guy. He, he's been this weirdly large figure in my life for all sorts of strange reasons, but I see the good in him and I see what he can do for this country. And. it isn't about me. It is not about me. You know, it's about my values. Like, it's not about my personal ego or what happened to me. And my friends were pretty shocked. They were kind and loving, but couldn't believe it. And my dearest friend who was, who had been campaigning for Joe Biden, I mean, she'd been out there canvassing for Joe and doing phone banks and so on. This time around is doing them for Trump.


No kidding. Yes. This was my kidding. One of my established, established leftist friends. And she, all of the Biden policies and the school shutdowns and the obsessive focus on race, and she and her whole family now who are all Democrats have migrated over to, I mean, full on maga. And it's just, you know, things can change just because you had this past with him, whether it's not as personal as mine or whatever, doesn't mean you can't take a fresh look at the guy and say, what is best for the country? You know, can I shrink my ego out of it? Can I ask you, when you disclosed This very dark secret to your friends that you had voted for Trump, did you worry at all that they might look at you differently or treat you differently?


I thought they might look at me like I didn't have self-respect. You know, like how could I vote for a man who would put my family? 'cause they lived it with me, you know, firsthand. But they didn't, they they were kind, they were loving. They, they've never judged me like that, you know? So I shouldn't have been expecting that. I should have given them more of the benefit of the doubt. But even like then disclosing it publicly is a big step for a reporter. 100%. Right. Or a journalist. I, I've never done that in the past, but I did feel like it was important because just given Trump's role in our country and our politics, I, I, people need to know where my biases are when it comes to him. You know, we just talk about him so much. I just want people to know the honest truth about me and him so that they can factor everything I say about him through the right lens.


And now I've really gone, you know, I'm not, I don't fully wear the MAGA hat yet, but I would, Maureen, I would wear that hat and I'd, I'd be even more likely to wear it if somebody tried to shame me out of doing it. Anyway, we gotta take a break. But I, I wanna say to you, I hope, I hope you do it. I hope you put the hat on. I hope you fill the ballot out for Trump because I think it's what's right for us and the country. Love you. Stay by. Okay, standby. We're gonna be right back. We're not done. We gotta get to Doug Emh. A whole hour's gone. We'll be right back.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you. That someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable, but it's a sad reality for some American homeowners and a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. It's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, and then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammers long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use promo code Megyn for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megyn and Home Title Lock dot com. Or by using the link below,


There are some football feelings you can only get with bed. MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The O's. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team should hike the bet. MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


A major issue in this race is childcare and Kamala has put forward a concept of a plan. A lot of people don't like it. The only piece of advice I would have for her and the event that she wins would be not to let her husband Doug, anywhere near the nannies just keep 'em alive. So good and so True. So good. Frankly. Okay. So when last we spoke, the Doug Emh story, part two had hit the Daily mail, hit being the operative word, it hit the Daily Mail and he hit his ex-girlfriend according to the Daily Mail, he's denied it since then. He's been on, by my count, at least five or six podcasts and shows, and literally zero people have asked him about it.


Zero. Do you happen to know like how many of those hosts may have been women or any of Them women? One Molly Jung Fast. Oh, that One. Oh, please. To thinks of Su Purports to be a feminist and A serious political commentator, neither of which she Is. Exactly right. And she asked him nothing, not one word about it. A total fail. And then he goes on a, a show called Uncomfortable Conversations with somebody named Emmanuel Acho. Uncomfortable Conversations. Hello, Emmanuel. Now it's your big moment. Do your thing. It's in your show name. And here is a little bit of how that went.


But Tell me something about yourself that I can't find on Google. Oh my God. Ooh, that's, I've never had that question before. Well, it does, Google doesn't show your character. Okay. I mean, Google can't really show, you know, how I, how I grew up and how my father and my mother raised me. And the fact that they're 87 and 83 and they're still around. They've been together se almost 70 years. And the values that they imparted on me of, of loyalty, your family first hard work sticking up for others, you know, not taking any crap and, you know, just being there for other people.


Sure. Jan, I love it. I I also love the dropping of the Gs when it gets close to election day by the elite. We're just regular people talking to you, morons out there relating like we do. It's So true. Like this is an opportunity for me to show you how relatable I am with my mom and my dad, and definitely not about me banging the nanny or slapping around my ex. You know, those were the values they imparted to me. Right. My, my really great old parents, they really, you know, and it's a good thing Google can't tell your character dog. Right. It's a really great thing. There's no x-ray for that yet. It's, It's got me now worried about the parents. Yeah. Seriously. What Exactly did they teach you These? What are your values?


He and Kamala love to talk about their values. What are they? So then he goes on with Dan Leard, who I guess is a sports analyst. And I don't, the audience knows, know much about sports and I know even less about the analysts who talk about it, but here's a little bit of how that went. When he was asking Doug Emh about the switcheroo and the day that Kamala found, found out totally passively Oh, right, right, right. That she'd been elevated to the position of nominee watch. You said that communication is key, but she couldn't communicate with you immediately to tell you that Joe Biden had stepped down. Correct. You were busy in in spin spin class.


Right. I, that was right. So it, it, it, it was, I was in LA it was during that weekend when all the, the planes were, were down 'cause of the software glitch. So I, I had to spend an extra day in la I decided to go to a cycling class with some friends, And. it was an hour hour class, and we were just chitchatting. And I had my phone in the Secret Service car, so I didn't have my phone. And then my friend's partner just showed me his phone with the letter from President Biden. And I'm like, gotta go And. it just ran into the car and there was my phone. Literally, like, you could feel the, the steam seven or eight messages all with, you know, where are you Call Kaa.


Call Kamala And. it was a one minute or less conversation, which started with where the f were you, I need you right now. And basically get to work. That's so weird. I I've never spoken to Doug like that in our 18 years together. Ever. Where the f were you? I don't care how big the news is. Like what, who talks to their spouse like that? Maybe someone who's often wondering where their husband is, talks like that. Hmm. That now you're onto something. Yeah, I think I am. That's an interesting theory. I think I am also vis-a-vis this media blackout. So Bill Maher did his regular show last Friday.


He waited until the overtime segment, which nobody watches because you have to tune into a whole other who, who's got the time. That's when he brings up the Doug Emh story. That's when he says to his panel, don't you think this media blackout is disturbing? Well, I don't know, bill. If you think it's that disturbing, why don't you do it on your actual show that people watch? Let's elevate it to the actual airtime And any of these other broadcasters who I've never heard of before. You wanna make a headline for yourself? Yes. Do it right. Ask the question. Just ask it. Get him to deny it. The thing about the Bill Maher segment that was interesting was Laura Coates of CNN was on there. She was infuriating. Infuriating. So she's like, well, I don't know anything about that.


I don't know much about that. I'm like, why not? It's a massive story. The Daily Mail is one of those popular circulations in the world. You don't ever look at it. You don't follow politics. You have a whole show where you talk about politics. This one just escaped your notice somehow. Bullshit. You know all about it. You decided to reject it because it hurts your side. And then she follows up with, I do think it's really important to, to make sure of allegations before one reports them. You do tell that to Nick Sandman, who your network smeared, suggesting he was antagonizing a Native American on the steps of the Supreme Court, making a s murky face at him while he just innocently danced on the steps. And the truth was exactly the opposite.


Nick Samuel was there minding his own business, being polite, and he was getting antagonized by that guy, which is why he sued them for defamation. And they were forced to settle. Tell it to the dance up. Don't shoot morons who are on CNN. That's how that got started. Sonny Hostin and the others hands up, don't shoot. They're ho holding their little signs. Did you investigate that one before you ran with those allegations? Ju Smollett is not please, they they always run with this shit before they verified it. They, they just don't like it when it hurts their side. Number one, she got an entire pass on that show. She's an intellectual lightweight and that is putting it politely because she's a black woman. So let's get real. Okay. Bill Maher loves nothing more than to go in on his women guests and like roll his eyes at them and call them stupid.


He does it all the time, But not in this case. Not in this case. She was treated as though the Profundities were just rolling off her tongue and she sat there in her full, like it much in the way Sonny Hostin does. I am self-actualize and everything I have to say is like, it, it's like manna from heaven and the smugness in all of it. And it's just insufferable. And as to her completely flimsy point, well, we need to look into this and make sure these allegations have some weight behind them. First of all, that's called doing your job. Yeah. Okay. Laura Coates, Go ahead and investigate. Go ahead and investigate all you want. We at the Daily Mail found three witnesses, ear witnesses, a contemporaneous outcry, the documentation, her airline tickets.


How do you think we got those right? Do you know what I mean? Did just fall out of the sky? Is your Laugh to say nothing of our legal team, which like puts me through the paces all the time. And that's for an opinion column, I'm sure. An opinion column. So don't treat our reporting like we're just like, as Joe Scarborough said, these tabloid stories Yeah, dog. Yeah, yeah. About your personal life. Excuse Me. And the landing was something like, how do you deal with that? How do you center yourself, keep yourself centered notwithstanding these attacks, which he doesn't specifically list out. So people in his audience don't know if they haven't read it, that he's been accused of smacking a woman across the face, slapping her so hard. She spun.


And the nanny you were talking the other day about that LAPD call to her house. Yeah. That lines up with her timeline of pregnancy. Yep. And the nanny disclosing to people that she believed Doug's temper had caused her to lose that baby. This is a very, very, very serious allegation. Both of them are. And to just watch the media whistle past the graveyard and hope this goes away is disgusting. Well, and How about Kamala Harris? She goes on that sex podcast, which you wrote a great column about calling Oh thanks. Calling that host who decided to wear a sweatshirt to her interview with the Vice President of the United States. You referred to her as the simpleton.


The simpleton, of course was not gonna be able to ask any meaningful questions. But she goes on that sex podcast and starts railing about domestic violence and how we need to say something, you know, whether, whether it happens on the street or we behind closed doors, it's important that we say something And, it reminded me of the, that fake version of Kamala Harris who came out at the Brett Kavanaugh hearing. Mm. Like I am woman, hear me roar. I will not take any shit from these male abusers. I'm gonna protect the Women of America. Oh wait. Unless it's my husband who is the alleged abuser. We pulled the sound. Let's watch some of it. Judge Kavanaugh, have you taken a professionally administered polygraph test?


All three of the women who have made sworn allegations against you have called for an independent FBI investigation into the claim that, so I'm gonna ask you one last time, are you willing to ask the White House to authorize the FBI to investigate the claims that have been made against you? The FBI would gather witness statements. You have a witness statements. It's, it's, it, they don't, I'm not, I don't wanna debate with you how they do their business and say yes or no, and then we can move on. I've had six background investigations over 26 years, Sir. The, as it relates to the recent allegations, are you willing to have them do it? The, the witness testimony is before you, no witness who was there supports that I was there.


Okay. I'm gonna take that as a no and we can move on. Do you agree that it is possible for men to both be friends with some women and treat other women badly? And she stood up and said to Christine Blasey Ford, who had far less evidence supporting her story than the woman in the Daily Mail and said, I believe you, I believe you. She was a believe all women liberal back then, just a few short years ago. Now, not a peep from her, from her team and not a reporter willing to ask her about those statements and how she so readily rushed to Judge Brett Kavanaugh.


But won't even speak to the allegation that her own husband is a woman abuser. She won't go anywhere near this. She is, you know, sort of curating her interviews and who she's going to sit across from. I wondered watching the Brett Bear interview, I just thought, was this further down on his list? Because he went for the Biden question. I thought perhaps, and then I wondered, I wonder if not how many women he might have on his team. Because if I were on his team, I would be in that room advocating. Like, it's the number one question. It's the number one question. Not just because it needs to be asked, but it's gonna put her back on her heels. It's gonna destabilize her.


We're off our talking points, you know, we're off opportunity economy and whatever. Answer this question, especially to the women of America who you are Ru you know, this whole thing too, when she's like, I'm a prosecutor. My teenage best friend was abused. Like, yeah, You, You can't have it both ways. You, it's, you're doing her a favor. You could easily say, I think in general, I think in general at Fox, they would feel like, oh, well it's, it's a tabloid story. It's, it's, you know, hasn't been confirmed by one of our own, you know, they, they would treat it like that. So we can't ask about it. And I think Brett probably had just a short time with her And. it just wasn't high on the, on the list of priorities. But if I had her, I would easily ask it and I would do her the favor of saying the daily mail's got a very serious series of reports now about your husband.


The first alleges that he cheated on the first wave with a nanny, which he has now confirmed. The second alleges that he hit his ex-girlfriend, the one he was dating a year before you. So hard. She spun around and then fled from him in conference in 2012. Do you deny it? And what have you done to look into it? That's journalism. It's not that hard. It's not m Kelly making stuff up about you. It's in one of the most widely circulated papers in the world. Millions of people had read it, ask her about it, Ask her about it. And by the way, if this were a truly defamatory made up story that was like a political hit job, she'd be out front and center saying as much. Yes, That's exactly.


And they put out the ex-girlfriend, they'd put her out. They Would, They'd be there saying, let me talk to Maureen Callahan. I'm gonna have to talk to Maureen now. I have to tell her this is a lie by your paper. Sorry. You got it so wrong. That hasn't happened. Right. And there's no way Kamala Harris would ever come near you. Yeah. Because she knows, And you know what? She should, 'cause we have a lot of audience. She Really should. We got A lot of voters who listen to this show who are in the key swing states and honestly like are right in the sweet spot of the people she probably thinks she can get. You know, we don't have all Trumpers and we don't have all, you know, leftists. I think we have mostly center.


Right. Some center left. Yeah. Center and, and Right. Listening to this show, that's exactly who she's trying to target. If she's going on Fox and potentially sitting with Joe Rogan here we are Madam Vice president, I'm here for you. She should do it. But it, I, for many reasons, but chief among them too is you do a very conversational show. Like you and I often wind up talking about things that aren't even on like an agenda. Right. Right. You know, I don't think she can do it. I don't think she can sit and have a conversation about ideas and Perry back and forth and wanna hear things that might run counter to her belief system. I just don't think she's capable of any of it.


That's the thing too. I mean, I am open about the fact that I'm not gonna vote for Kamala Harris and I don't think much of her. But the truth is, if she came into this studio, or if I went to her and I sat across from her, I would treat her with total respect. You would, I would not show those personal feelings in the exchange. Right. That's just being honest about how I actually feel, which is what I do in my new lane. I talk about my opinions on these politicians and their policies, but in the context of an interview, I would be my normal self. And honestly, like if I were across from Trump right now, who I want to win, I would have to hammer him on the controversies that are around him in this rate. I would do my job. I, I'm both a journalist and more of a pundit now in some ways too. And if they conflict, the journalist wins.


Right. I just wish that were true for everyone. Okay. I wanna move on to this story that's all over the news right now because it continues a theme that you and I have discussed many times. And that is the death of Liam Payne of One Direction. How many times have we talked about the downsides of young fame, fortune too soon before these kids really can handle it and, and all that comes with it. You know, it's like even, even the success stories are fraught. So this poor guy who was part of this British boy band, one of the most successful of all times 70 million records sold. I actually didn't know a ton of their songs to be perfectly honest with you until I went and you know, the music essentials and the one I know the best is that everyone knows where you know that one.


I don't really know that I'm, You know this Harry Styles person, you know he Yeah, he was in the band, right? Harry Styles is in the band. Yes. You know that song. Everyone else, the Room to see Everyone else, you, you Light lift, overwhelmed smile. So huge success. They were put together on X Factor and he goes over to Argentina and dies after the police said, jumping from a third story balcony in the hotel.


The prosecutor, prosecutor in charge is saying may have fallen unclear drug paraphernalia, reportedly found alcohol as well. They're not expecting a clean tox screen behaving erratically beforehand. There was a report of a smash television. They first called the cops saying, someone's outta control and we're not sure if he's gonna hurt himself. It was too late by the time they got there. Yeah. So what do you make of his story, Maureen? 'cause as I read into it, he spoke openly of battling suicidal thoughts prior to this about the massive downsides of fame. Yeah. How unhappy it was making him.


Yeah. He, he reportedly said shortly before he died, like half an hour earlier in the lobby, some fan had approached him. He said something like, I was a child star. I was in a boy band and that's why I'm so effed up. The other thing I noticed about him is the sleeves of tattoos that he had. And one of the markers, and I'm not saying this was the case with him or with anybody necessarily who has multiple tattoos covering their bodies, But, it is often an indicator that that is a survivor of childhood sexual abuse. Those tattoos are a way of reclaiming the skin of erasing what was done to them.


And so whenever I see that, I often think, what, what did they maybe survive? Wow. The Liam thing made me think of Justin Bieber. Yep, me Too. Who is also clearly struggling right now. And hopefully has an incredible support system around him. Because whatever's going on is, is, you know, he's a new father. He, this should be the happiest time of his life, not a time in which he is greatly struggling. And then all of this also reminded me of, so the Lisa Marie Presley memoir is out right now. And one of the stories that her daughter Ri, who finished the book for her chose to include is completely jaw, jaw-dropping.


And I don't understand why it's so under-reported. She writes that after her brother Lisa Marie's son Benjamin committed suicide gunshot wound to the head at a very young age. I think he was maybe 28. She had him embalmed. And then she had him moved back into her house where she lived with him two months. Lisa Marie did. Oh, she lived with her son's body, dead body For two months. Oh my God. My theory about this, Michael, she married Michael Jackson. She married a pedophile. Yeah. Who was obsessed with little boys. Oh. He was also obsessed with Elvis Presley. Right. And her son looked a lot like Elvis.


And I wonder if he got his hands on that little boy. Oh. And that was the cause of his trauma, his drug and alcohol issues, the ultimate suicide. And if her grief was so complicated by feeling blame maybe for what had happened to him. Hmm. And that could be why, it's just a theory, but I think it makes a lot of sense. Who lives with their dead child's corpse for two months she kept him on dry ice, Apparently in like a casita, in like a guest house. And she, she would say that she would go in there and she would talk to him and like comfort him.


And then what finally happened, apparently was she called a tattoo artist to come to the house and give her and her son matching tattoos. Oh my. And then the tattoo artist says, sure. And she comes over and Lisa Marie is like, here's my son. And it's like right out of psycho, you know. Oh My God. I mean truly that's, that's a disturbed person. Yeah. Yeah. Lisa Marie. I mean we know this, but I mean, even more than we knew. Yeah. It would take something dramatic. Dramatic to drive you to that point. I mean, loss of a child is the, the worst thing that could possibly happen to anybody. And she's had a lot of loss. She did prior to dying in, you know, at a very young age with Elvis and you know, just a tumultuous world around her.


So who knows, this is obviously just a theory. Just A theory. And we don't, I mean the truth is we don't know for sure about Michael Jackson either, but you're putting some pieces together that makes some sense. It's dark. Maureen, I don't know. I, to me it's just further affirmation. All of this Michael Jackson's life, Lisa Marie Presley's and her family's lives, Liam Payne, Matthew Perry, enormous fame at a very young age is a devil. It, it's not a blessing, it's a curse. And. it should be avoided and ased and protected against at all costs.


Absolutely. I think it's the worst thing that could happen to a child. I really do. And it's so funny, I was with my niece on Sunday, she's 11 and we were talking about a lot of these stories, the whole family and talking about childhood fame and what wreckage it causes the carnage it causes. And my brother said, that's why I won't let her model. Yeah. I won't do it. My sister-in-law said, well what if she winds up on her traveling basketball team? My brother's like shows on the road. We're not leaving her alone with anybody who is not related to her. And I don't think most parents think that way and more really should. Yeah.


Not, not until they get old enough to understand, you know, what the risks are. You know, I mean like 15, you can talk to a 15-year-old. Right. These are the risks of life. It's not that they can't be exploited though. I mean in, in connection with that whole Nickelodeon expose. Yep. You know, we heard some disturbing stories about young men around that age too. It is just that there are predators out there. I do wanna play this one soundbite we pulled, he went on a podcast called Straight Talking Liam Payne did straight talking with Aunt Middleton in 2019 and spoke a little bit about his feelings, what he was going through at that time For some certain circumstances. I'm quite lucky to be be here still, which is something I've never really shared with anyone.


Explain, explain. I can't go too deep into it 'cause I don't, I don't really know how I feel about it myself. I still haven't really made my peace with it, if I'm honest. There's times where that, that, that, that level of loneliness and people getting into you every day, getting into you every day. Like I say, just every so often you like, when will they send, you know, and then certain like that's, that's almost nearly killed me a couple of times As When I've been in a bad place as you wanted to. Yeah. When I've been in a bad place. A hundred percent. You know, there's no point denying it. It's definitely, it's definitely been on the menu a couple of times in my life. Hmm. It's so tragic. And you just think there are so many families out there who feed their kids to the wolves in this department.


Like they want the kid to be famous. They want the kid to be rich so that the parents can feed off of it. Or the parents themselves feel underachieved and they want to have a second go at it through the child. And I think that's in part how this can happen. You know, somebody's looking to work something out through their kid or even if you just have an ambitious kid who wants it in these lanes, you know? Yeah. It's not like, I don't know, I'm not sure if somebody has an amazing talent, if your kid has this amazing talent, let's say you're the mother of Whitney Houston, right? You're sissy Houston. Right. Do you say to Whitney Houston you can't sing, you know, you can't do anything with that voice. That would be a tragedy too. A hundred percent. But I think I would just be such a helicopter in those circles.


I would never leave my child alone. I don't know then, then if it happens at age 22, you can't do that anymore. If he wins X Factor and he gets this record deal and it's his dream, you know, I am I being too naive? Like what do you do? And maybe it all has to happen before that. Maybe it's all about laying your family values in there. Well before they win X Factor, You know, with Harry Styles, it's interesting because he became the breakout star. There was a sitcom that was based on his life, I forget the name of it, but when he was like at Peak Boy Band fame, he went and lived with like his agent and his, his wife and their kids.


And he like lived in the attic and they basically were like, well you have a curfew and all of this. And he really loved it. Like he craved all that structure and that real family life. He found it very grounding. And when I look at a clip of Liam like that, I also think how isolating it must be because everybody is looking at him like he has everything you could want. He has looks, he has fame, he has money, he has talent. And inside he feels empty. And how many people are really going to understand that it almost compounds the pain. Yeah. In a way. That's right. Right. Because people look at you like you can't have any problems. What are you talking about? There was something I, my team gave me this in preparation that, yeah, he said in 2021 he blamed a pills and booze phase for bloating his face to 10 times its size while also revealing, he used to guzzle the contents of his mini bar when band, when the band would check into hotels, it's wild But.


it was like the only way you could get frustration out during the day. He said, just talking about the level of loneliness that he would go through it. He had multiple problems with women, even though great looking guy, very successful, you know. But tumultuous relationships with people. I don't know, I guess I'm kind of answering my own question, but I feel like Dr. Leonard Sacks, who's a parenting expert and not just one of these woo woo guys, he's like actually only deals in longitudinal, long-term studies that give us real data on what works with kids and what doesn't. He always says, more time with the family, more time with the family, more time with the family. More dinners together around the dinner table at night with the family.


Don't obsess about friend time. There will be plenty of that when they are older and more mature when they go off to college. You're not gonna be around your time from zero to 18 when they are still in your house. Is your time to make your moral, ethical and loving imprint your, and build the character that's he or she's gonna need to go out into whatever profession they choose and anything before that you are playing with fire. And there is nothing like a child knowing that their parents don't just love them, but they like them and they want their company and they enjoy spending time with them. There's nothing like it. And I feel Liam, I don't know much about his early life, but I can guarantee he probably had stage parents and they, the way that you get the love of a stage parent is you earn it by performing and getting rich and famous.


And that is a very lonely place to be. Mm. God rest. I'm 31 years old, that's way too young to be gone. And let's hope we don't see a pattern of this. 'cause you know, too often in the wake of, especially when someone dies by suicide, which this may or may not have been. Mm. You see a pattern. Yeah. So I don't know, it's like it's a wonderful time of year. It's, we're we're stressed out slightly by this election. This is dark news. We're discussing, I mean both of our last two stories, this Doug Moff allegedly definitely cheating on the nanny and then slapping the woman. And now this is terrible. But the truth is, if you zoom out, it's October, it's truly the most beautiful time of year.


We have one of the biggest blessings one can have, which is we're American. Yeah. And we were born in this country and we're gonna walk outside and the leaves are gonna be blowing and they're still on the trees and they're starting to change color and we're free and we can say what we want for the most part still here in America. And we are always working on ourselves. I think that is a good thing about Americans, that we're always working on ourselves as Americans and as individuals. You know, it comes from a good place of just having that American dream. I can improve my life, I can improve my fortune. So those are things to feel good about right now. Now through November 5th, I do, I have a lot of hopes and goals and ambitions about applying my work ethic to continue to engage in the opportunity economy.


But I'd like to get off my talking points Megyn. So thanks for having me conversationally. I very much hope you can be unburdened by what has been wanting. Thank you. I try. I try. It's A pleasure as always. As always. Thank you. Thank you. She's The greatest. Okay. Coming up, we actually have a very interesting guest. This is the guy who could get an Ohio senate seat, a US Senate seat from the state of Ohio out of Democrat Control. His name is Bernie Moreno and he's here next.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo The Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem called 1-800-GAMBLER.


While perhaps no contest outside of Trump v Harris is more important to the overall national picture than the battle for Ohio's US Senate seat. The result could very well tip the balance of power. Hundreds of millions of dollars have poured into both campaigns and the poll show. It may be the only true tossup there is. My next guest is Bernie Moreno. He is looking to unseat career politician and Democrat Sherrod Brown. Bernie, welcome to the show. Thank you for having Megyn. Look, I look forward to the conversation. Big fan. My wife's an even bigger fan. Oh, she sounds like a good person. Tell her I said hello.


Alright, so walk me through how you're gonna do this. 'cause I told the audience when I was teasing the fact that you were coming on, this is what I see in the polls. September 18th shared Brown up four, these are random polls. New York Times, Marris and Washington Post and so on. So that's a September 18th, September 21. Brown was up four. September or October 3rd. Brown was up two. Oh, October 3rd. Brown is up one. It seems to be going in the right direction for you. It's getting, he was up, he's been up at all these poles, but it's getting tighter and tighter and I see it's getting tighter right at the right time for you. But how do you get it to Moreno up to?


Well, so we have a couple polls that have us up, one or three. The reality is he was up 11 back in March when the primary was over. We had one of the most expensive Senate primaries in the country. Brutal primary was up against two formable opponents. You gotta remember Sharon Brown's been around for 50 years, 30 years in Washington DC This guy set all kinds of fundraising records. He's well known throughout the state. When I launched my campaign, my name ID was 4% with a 4% margin of error. So literally nobody in Ohio knew who I was. So we're we're, we've worked really hard. We've gone to every corner of the state. We're now advertising at the right time. We're pointing out his extraordinarily liberal voting record and that combined with hard work and parody on spending, we're gonna make certain that we beat him and we'll beat him by a decent number because none of those polls, Megyn have him up over 46 or 47%.


What are Ohioans doing voting for a Democrat like Sherrod Brown? Truly Ohio's red now it's no longer a swing state. It's like Florida. So how did that happen? Well, the same way Kamala Harris is convinced little less than half the country to vote for her. They just lie about who they are. Sheriff Brown goes to Washington DC votes with the far radical left. He's out there with Elizabeth Warren and Kamala Harris when she was there, Bernie Sanders. But when he gets to Ohio, he becomes a Trump loving moderate Democrat. And the media in Ohio covers for him. His wife works for the Ohio media. So if you watch his TV commercials Megyn, you think this guy's kind of a Republican. So he just lies, it's good old fashioned fraud, but we're exposing it by highlighting his voting record, showing how extreme he is and that's how we're gonna win this race.


Okay. Now as I understand it, you have a very interesting family background, right? You, you were not born in this country. I was not. I was born in Columbia, south America. I'm the youngest of seven kids. My dad was one of 11, my grandfather was one of 23. So we're overperforming Catholics. But we got to this country when I was a kid, became a citizen the first opportunity I could, which is why I'm disgusted by this illegal immigration situation. Like all immigrants that have come to this country legally. How do you, like, is it true your dad was a surgeon in Columbia and then in an effort to give you a better life, in a different way of upbringing, you guys moved here and he then was a surgical assistant given the difference.


I mean like he humbled himself, it sounds to get you guys here. Yeah, I mean he went from being actually the Secretary of Health. He had been the dean of the medical school. He had a great life. Came from a very prominent family. My mom and dad moved here, nine of us into a two bedroom apartment with a den, two bathrooms. My dad was making $5 and 25 cents an hour. I watched him do rounds in the middle of the night. But he did it because my mom and dad knew that this was the best place on earth where the seven of us could live. Whatever American dream we wanted to make for ourselves. And we have and Megyn, that's why I'm running for office. I want this country to be better for my kids and my grandkids.


And your kids and your grandkids. And right now, because of these career politicians, we're about to head off a cliff, Right? So you're not a career politician. You started with one car dealership, as I understand it, Mercedes-Benz. And you, I guess unlike yours, truly have had a lifetime interest in cars because I understand at a very young age you wrote a letter to General Motors on how they could improve their cars or the automobile industry. I was 14 years old and you know, 'cause you have young kids every 14-year-old, they know everything. So I wrote Roger Smith, who was the chairman of the board of General Motors at the time, a letter telling him how to fix gm. He actually responded with a three page letter. I ended up going to work for General Motors, did that, that's where my wife and I met was in college.


We both worked for General Motors. I thought I'd be there forever. I met a guy in Boston who was a car dealer, had started buying car dealerships in his fifties. He asked me to run one of his dealerships. I never even worked in a car dealership. My life gave me that opportunity, made it a successful store. He grew from six dealerships to 55. I learned a lot. Gentleman's name is Herb Chambers. He taught me everything I know about sales. He taught me everything I know about the auto industry. And then Roger Penske called me 20 years ago and said, Hey, he's got this little dealership in Cleveland. He wanted me to buy it. Little technicality Megyn. I didn't have the money to buy it. So I sold every possession I had in my life. Took out the biggest loan I possibly could, maxed out my credit cards, bought this little dealership and turned it into one of the largest dealer groups, 15 dealerships in the country.


Wow. Alright, so then why politics? Sounds like you had a great life. Well, after I sold my car dealerships, I started a technology company using blockchain to make car titles digital. We sold software to state governments. And the reason I'm running for office is very simple. Megyn, if the business people, the business people of this country don't step up to serve. And we continue to allow these career politicians who have no idea how anything works to go there and run our government, what are we gonna get? $36 trillion in debt. Endless wars, open borders, a mess in our communities, a mess in our schools. So we have to step up and serve. Look, my wife, like I said earlier, I have the greatest wife on earth.


I married her 35 years ago. I truly hit the lottery. She is with me 100% of in this campaign. She's been with me in every step of the way. She's gonna be with me for two terms though Megyn, any talk of a third term is with a second wife. So this is gonna be two terms. I'm gonna go to DC and serve and then come home. That's nice to hear truly. Because what we get is these career politicians who then are more connected to the system than they are to their constituents back home. And we've seen that failed many, many times. Let me ask you about some of the things that are in the news. There's a comment that you made that was caught on camera that they're giving you some jazz for, including our friend Rachel Maddow. She's very upset with you. Here is what you said.


It was about abortion. I'm sure you've heard this many times now it's sat 30. There's a lot of suburban women, a lot of suburban women that are like, listen, abortion's there. If I can't have an abortion in this country whenever I want, I will vote for anybody else. Okay. A little crazy by the way, but especially for women that are like past 50, I'm thinking. So it's an issue for you view. Oh thank God I didn't hear that one. Okay, so up until the 50-year-old part, what you said is true, right? And then it sounded to me like it was a joke. I think I'm gonna assume you are aware that women pass 50 might care about abortion of course.


But why did this blow up so badly? Like was it your opponent? Yeah, I mean, as you know, Megyn the left and the media have an outrage machine, which is geared up to really go, you know, when you wake up every day in this country yearning to be offended, you're probably gonna be offended. Look, it was obviously a quip. Certainly there's all of us that make comments periodically that we don't probably think we're said the right way. The point though I was trying to make is crystal clear. It is crazy that the media and the Democrats think that women are single issue voters. Look, my wife's number one issue is she wants piece of stability around the world. She doesn't want my two boys going to fight a war.


She doesn't want my grandkids to have to fight some endless war. So she cares a lot about that. There's people who care a lot about the price of groceries, the price of food, the price of insurance, and open border, our schools that are failing. So this idea that abortion is the only issue that women care about is insulting to women. And by the way, men playing in women's sports is an abomination. I have two daughters also two granddaughters that's just crazy. And mutilating children, no, that's not gonna be allowed in this country. And those are things that women and men both care about. I, I'll show you the mad out comments so you can see what you know, what, what's being done with the comments. Yeah.


Oh, thank God my wife didn't hear that one. A little crazy by the way. But especially for women that are like past 50, I'm thinking to myself, I don't think that's an issue for you. He actually says it. I'm thinking to myself, I don't think that's an issue for you. Wow. You know, unluckily for Bernie Marino in Ohio running against Democratic senator, she brown women in Ohio, even women over 50 apparently do still have the right to vote even if he doesn't think they have a right to an opinion. Good luck, sir. Amazing.


Oh Lord. It wasn't just Ra, Rachel, Matt, I do wanna tell the audience, Nikki Haley felt the need to weigh in saying, are you trying to lose this election? Asking for a friend, hashtag tone deaf, hashtag don lemon vibes. What do you make of that? Oh no. What are you gonna do? Listen, like I said, if you wake up every day in America waiting to be insulted or outraged, it's a pretty sad life. Look, I hope people understand that sometimes quips are made, sometimes they land, sometimes they don't. But Megyn, look, the point is right, which is we've got to get the country together on this very divisive topic of abortion. It is a terrible situation for a woman to find themselves in. So what the question becomes, what can we do?


Now, I'm pro-life and I'm not gonna apologize for that. But what I can do as a senator is make certain that adoption is less expensive. Raising a child is less expensive. Having a child is less expensive. Making sure that women have access to good healthcare, making certain that women have equal access to contraception. We can fund pregnancy centers. That's my recipe. Yes, that's my prescription for policy. My opponent, by the way, Megyn partial birth abortions are okay. Federal funding for abortions. Okay? He voted against the infant Born of Life Protection Act, which is a lot a botch, late term abortion. The baby can't be given lifesaving care. He's the extremist. I'm not. But again, the outrage machine is geared up and ready to go at the call.


A call of notice for the Democrats Now, because the, the country is turning more Republican right now than Democrat. If you look at the overall polls for the first time, I think in Gallup in decades we're more Republican than we are Dem. You're seeing people like your opponent try to, if not cozy, up to Trump, cozy up to his policies. They're running from their previous stances on things like the trans issue with boys playing against girls in sports. And your opponent wants us to believe that he's not in favor of that, even though virtually every Democrat in the country has voted in favor of that. Where do you stand and where does he stand on that issue?


Well, my position's crystal clear. You're born a man or you're born a woman. You're not gonna have men playing in women's sports because that's insane. I was with Riley Gaines, she went through detail And, don't have to explain it to you. You've heard Riley many times. That story's awful. Then you look at mutilating children, that shouldn't even be a conversation. Leave our kids alone. That's what I believe. My opponent voted against a bill that Tommy Tuber bill put forward that said we were not gonna provide federal funding for schools that allowed men to play in women's sports. He voted against that. That means is in favor of it. He also said that it's up to the parents and the doctors as to whether children should get puberty blockers or quote unquote gender affirming care, which is code for mutilating them for life.


They can't consent. It should never be allowed. And my opponent feels that way. That's how liberal he is. Megyn, that doesn't represent the values of Ohio. It barely represents the values of Massachusetts and California. But we already have four terrible senators between those two states. We don't need a fifth one. That's why you need somebody who actually represents Ohio values. That's what I'm gonna be in the United States Senate As it has in Michigan, in Wisconsin, and in Texas. This trans issue with boys trying to play into in girls sports has reared its head and has become a major theme line in all of these big races. I know you attacked him on this issue via an ad, and here is his response Voted multiple, biological man trans.


What if I told you all of this was a lie, A complete lie? And Bernie Moreno knows it. The truth is, in Ohio, this has already been banned and Sherrod Brown agrees with Governor DeWine. These decisions should be made by local sports leagues, not politicians. We can verify the claim that Brown voted to let transgender biological men participate in women's sports is false. I'm sure Brown and I approve this message. How do you respond to that? Well, let's start with fact three. That re reporter journalist is a hack that basically works for the Democrat Party on a local TV station. So of course she's gonna do their bidding.


The other fact, fact two, which is that, that he agrees with Governor DeWine. That should be up to sports leagues. No, it should not be up to sports leagues. Men can't play in women's sports, period. You protect Title IX in terms of fact one, which is that it's illegal in Ohio. That is true. And he was opposed to it being illegal in Ohio. In fact, now what's happened is glad the the Uber left progressive group is now hurt, attacking him for not standing up for their community. So he is a total fraud. Hmm. So can you talk to me a bit about ground game? Because I think many Republicans are very worried about this. It just seems like the Democrats have this blue chip operation ever since Obama and the Republicans have been playing, been playing catch up.


How have you prepared to win in the state of Ohio? That's a great question. Remember the business I was in, which is the retail automotive business. So we brought those practices to bear. So we knew we were gonna be outgunned on TV in the summer. So Megyn, what we did is we built the largest door knocking operation in Ohio history with the help of Libre Americans for Prosperity Sentinel Fund. And Susan B. Anthony we're knocking on 150,000 doors a week in every corner of the state. We got an incredible digital program, text messaging and also direct mail. So we went out and targeted hyper-targeted voters who are maybe apathetic, don't always vote, but are conservative people who know, we know support President Trump, but only vote for him and don't vote down ticket.


And then of course the third one, the person that would vote for President Trump and then possibly vote for she brown. So we hyper targeted that that's how we went from down 11 to down five without any money on tv. And we hope to keep this ground game in place and move it for future elections. And we've got a great absentee voting and early voting initiative. So we're actually tied right now with the Democrats in early voting and we think that's gonna make a huge difference in this election. Do you think Republicans are listening because Trump just started saying vote and vote early. He ironically was late to the vote early party. And I know this is very frustrating for people who are canvassing for him and probably people like you too, but are you really are seeing the voters do it?


Oh yeah. In fact, I'll give you a stat that'll blow your mind. The five largest Republican counties are all ahead in early voting versus in 2020. And the five largest Democrat counties are all down in early voting. If that trend continues, and right now our internals have us tied Sheridan, I, in terms of early voting, we'll crush 'em on election day. Look what we tell people. Megyn is very simple vote 11 times. And what that means is vote yourself and then bring 10 people, physically bring 10 people to early voting stations between now and election day. So we're gonna close that gap because once they vote, we don't have to knock on our door.


We don't have to call, we don't have to text them and we don't have to email 'em. It saves us a fortune. So we're actually giving objectives to counties, we're talking to county chairman about what they can do. And I go to every corner of the state with this exact message and it's actually really working. Your seat really could determine the balance of power in the Senate because the Republicans are gonna win West Virginia. So that's one pickup that gets 'em to 50 50. But to get, you know, true control, they need one more. And so far they've been looking at Montana as their best chance to get control. And that still seems likely though not guaranteed. However, they're becoming a little wobbly in Nebraska and even in Texas.


And so that makes your race, I'm just talking numbers here with all due respect to you, but that makes your race even more important because they'd love to have the cushion just in case one of these other races goes soft. How is all of this discussed and accounted for behind the scenes when you talk to, you know, the National Senatorial Committee? Well, I make it very crystal clear to everybody that Tim Shi, he's a great candidate, a great guy, but he is number 52. His polls don't close until 10 o'clock eastern. My polls close at seven 30 and if we do the job right and we get early voting, I can have this race called by 8:00 PM Eastern Time Megyn, so that the whole world can go, whew, we got the Senate.


That's what I hope happens. So I'm 51, she's 52, and maybe Hodi and some others are 53 and 54. We're gonna win big. And we have to, we have to win big because we have to send a message to the world that America's not gonna go down the drain. We're not gonna destroy our constitutional republic that we're going to embrace American ideals. This is not Republican versus Democrat. This is common sense versus Lcy. And so it's important that we have a huge resounding victory. Well the other thing is she really could win this presidential race. Yeah, I mean it really could go either way. And there are multiple reports that the Democrats could win the house.


You know, if you were putting odds on it, you would put odds on the Republicans to take the Senate. And the House is more of a tossup, this go round. And so people like you, I mean it's just a handful of people who could be the difference between Kamala Harris getting potentially to enact her entire agenda, whatever it turns out to be. We'll find out, I guess, once she's elected, if she is and not, I mean, if you get to the Senate, what do you plan to do? If we have a Democrat controlled house and a Democrat in the White House, As Nancy Reagan would say, just say no. Right? Say no to lunatics in the cabinet, lunatic and administrative offices lunatics in the judiciary lunatic ambassadors.


Look, it's, it would be a battle. Let's not do that. Let's make certain that we elect Donald J. Trump and my close friend in Ohio, Senator JD Vance. Look, there's no comparison in this election. You got people who are objectively just not even qualified to do any job versus two people who will rebuild American greatness. So we're gonna get President Trump in there, we're gonna keep the house, we're gonna win the Senate and we're gonna restore America. 'cause the world needs that. Megyn, the world's watching this election. China's telling leaders all over the world that America's in decline, that we're arguing about men or, or men or women are women. They're laughing at us Megyn. And we need to show 'em that America is back and America's gonna be strong.


Bernie, you mentioned JD Vance and JD Vance said some terrible things about Trump back in 16 and and beyond, because he didn't much like him at first, and then he's since said, I came around on him, you know, I, I was wrong. I got to know him better and so on. You're kind of in that boat. You reported, according to NBC, you called Trump a lunatic and a maniac in 2016 compared to, to Hitler, allegedly on social media. So for the audience out there that might be closer to where you were in 16, right? When it comes to Trump, what's your messaging like? What, what changed your mind and Why, do you feel comfortable with him now?


Well, first of all, I bought into the immediate narratives that he was a bad person. That's number one. And what I've learned by getting to know him personally, Megyn, he's a very good person. He's a good dad, he's got great kids. He's genuinely a warm human being. That's the story that's not really told. You know, if you got to know President Trump, you would know he's a good man. So back in 2015, you know, almost a decade ago, I didn't know him. Got to know him, completely changed my mind. Secondly, for the people who won't get to know him on a personal level, look at what the man did when he was the president of the United States. We had low inflation, secure border peace around the world. We had energy independence for the first time in 75 years, we had real wages going up for Hispanics, for blacks, for women.


So look at his track record. And if for those people that buy into the CNN and Rachel Maddow narrative of assaulted democracy, he didn't assault democracy. In fact, he honored democracy. He could have gone after his political opponents. Guess what? He didn't. Joe Biden and Kamala Harris did. So this is a clear choice between a media driven narrative around a man that they used to adore. By the way, I look at him last night in the, in the Al Smith dinner, I mean, the guy is just a good human being. He's funny, he's warm, and he loves this country, unlike any other person I've ever met. It's what inspires me to fight hard to go into the United States Senate, because for business people, this isn't the natural thing to do.


By the way, Megyn, this is not what we expect to do, to put ourselves out there and alliance them, but we do. No, and it's hard. I was recently talking with a US senator who is saying that the job is fulfilling, but not like joyful. That the person didn't feel happy, you know, with this lifestyle or all the stuff that comes with it, but felt fulfilled. I think that's reasonable. There is a, a noticeable downside to going from the private sector into the public sector. But you know, I'm thinking about the whole time we're talking, how it's very hard to get people to fire an incumbent. You know? They just know. They're like, oh, Sherrod Brown. She brown. Yeah. Like he's with Ohio. Yeah, he's done good things. He's risen to powerful posts.


That's good for Ohio. I'm just gonna vote for him. I know this from being in New York. This is how we looked at all these, you know, lifelong senators who stayed here. But, but I look at your name and I'm thinking about what you just said. Moreno on paper is more No, and I think if Kamala Harris wins the White House and the Dems win back the house, we're gonna want more. No, from the Senate, it's gonna be actually really important to everyone who is in the center or right of center to have more No. In there. And you should do something with that. You're well, you got that free of charge. Well, by the way, Moreno is brown and Spanish in the ultimate irony.


But the, the other piece of it is the voters of Ohio get the fire share brown. That's their job. My job will be so great. Megyn. I get to fire Chuck Schumer and I've picked out a beautiful basement office for him. It's gonna be amazing. No windows, no water. That's, that's what I get to do by electing me. I get to go there and say, this year at the Chuck Schumer, you're fired. Go. And we get to elect a great majority leader and we've got some great candidates running. So look, I'm super optimistic. Megyn. I think the best years of this country are ahead of us. I look at your kids, we met, you may have forgotten. We met a long time ago and you met my kids. Our country is gonna be great for them. Megyn.


That's what this election is ultimately about. They get to live in a better country than we did because we fought hard over the next 18 days to ensure that it happens. Oh wow. It's always right down to the wire we are gonna be watching. We'll watch it very closely. Thank you. Thanks so much. We appreciate you being here. Thank you. Bernie Moreno, everyone race of his life. It's a really important one in the great state of Ohio where Canadian Debbie is from and she fell in love with a damn Canadian and moved to damn Canada, our evil top hat. Anywho, thank you all for joining us today and all week. We're back on Monday with what I'm sure will be an overflow of news as we're now in the last couple of weeks, the ejs join us.


See you then. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos. No. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.