
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, May 6th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. If Mexico wanted help with the cartels, we would be honored to go in and do it. President Trump confirms Mexico declined his offer of direct US military support against the cartels for now, but the offer he says still stands, Hundreds of thousands of football fans will travel all across our country to cheer them on in person. President Trump takes questions at an event announcing the 2027 NFL draft sounding off on everything from Pope Trump memes to self deportation payouts, and a shocking report on Antarctica.


Could climate change be reversing all that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update?


If you haven't heard about Riverbend Ranch, listen up. They have just introduced their Riverbed Ranch steaks to the marketplace, and you need to try them. Riverbend Ranch raises their own beef on beautiful mountain meadows, only a few miles from West Yellowstone. Unlike most ranches, Riverbend Ranch never uses growth hormones or antibiotics. They treat their animals humanely and with respect. There are advantages of buying directly from the ranch. They can track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. Riverbend Ranch has its own state-of-the-art processing facility on the ranch that has received several national awards, is one of the best in the us, but most importantly is the quality of the beef. They age their beef to perfection for 21 days. You simply cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store. You cannot ship directly from the ranch to your home. You get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from Riverbend Ranch dot com and use promo code Megan to get $20 off your first order. That's Riverbend Ranch dot com code, Megan, and be prepared once you taste it. I think you're gonna be coming back for more and more. Again, Riverbend Ranch dot com code Megan


President Trump on Sunday confirming an offer to deploy US troops to assist Mexico in fighting drug cartels on Mexican soil. It's true. They are horrible people that have been killing people left and right that have been, they've made a fortune on selling drugs and destroying our people. We've lost 300,000 people last year to fit it all on drugs. They're bad news. Yeah, that's true. If Mexico wanted help with the cartels, we would be honored to go in and do it. I told her that I would be honored to go in and do it. So if she said that I offered to do that, she's a hundred percent right. How are you disappointed That she denied that request that She doesn't want? Well, she's so afraid of the cartel, she can't walk.


So you know, that's the reason. Sure. And I think she's a lovely woman, but the president of Mexico is a lovely woman, but she is so afraid of the cartels that she can't even think straight. According to the Wall Street Journal, President Trump made the offer on a phone call with Mexican president Claudia Scheinbaum on April 16th. President Scheinbaum rejecting the offer as a matter of national sovereignty. On Saturday, the Mexican president responding to the report at a press conference In one of the calls, US President Donald Trump, said it was important for the US Army to enter Mexico to help us in the fight against drug trafficking.


And you know what? I told him? No President Trump, the territory is sacrosanct. Sovereignty is sacrosanct. Sovereignty is not for sale. We can work together, but you can do it in your territory. We can do it in hours. We can share information, but we will never accept the presence of the US Army in our territory. In February, President Trump invoking emergency powers to implement additional tariffs on Mexico until its government stepped up in the war against fentanyl and illegal immigration, the New York Times', the daily podcast reporting in early March, the tariffs had an immediate impact on cartel fentanyl production.


Even though I was really skeptical, I wanted to go back into a lab to see whether all of these threats had led to real changes. What did you find? It was really remarkable. The dynamics, it seemed had completely changed from the last time we were there. But when we started talking to our cartel contacts, they told us there was basically no production of fentanyl happening in the city. It had totally plummeted In the months since the Mexican government increasing cooperation with the Trump administration, president Scheinbaum deploying 10,000 Mexican National Guard troops to the nearly 2000 mile US Mexico border troops patrolling the area for signs of traffickers and smugglers.


In February NBC reporting one patrol discovering a large sophisticated tunnel just feet from El Paso, Texas. It measured four by six feet across with a complete lighting and ventilation system. Also, in February, the Mexican government handing over 29 imprisoned drug bosses wanted in the US on charges relating to racketeering, drug trafficking, murder, illegal use of firearms, money laundering, and more Mexican officials also stepping up efforts within their own country to crack down on cartels. The associated press reporting in April, Mexico's security chief quietly forming an elite force to take on the cartels. Quote, the unit began to form shortly after Shine bound took office, and it hopes to have 800 members by the end of the year, according to one federal official for now Mexico, drawing a firm line against US pressure.


But the Trump administration is making one thing clear. The US is ready to act. On Sunday, President Trump shaking up the news cycle with a pair of surprise announcements, the potential reopening of Alcatraz Prison, and a 100% tariff on foreign films. President Trump posting to truth, social quote, rebuild and open Alcatraz. Today I am directing the Bureau of Prisons together with the Department of Justice, FBI, and Homeland Security to reopen a substantially enlarged and rebuilt Alcatraz to house America's most ruthless and violent offenders. We will no longer be held hostage to criminals, thugs, and judges that are afraid to do their job and allow us to remove criminals who came into our country illegally.


The Trump administration growing increasingly frustrated with legal roadblocks, stalling its mass deportation agenda moves. President Trump argues illegally interfere with his authority to enforce immigration law President Trump telling reporters on the White House law, the idea to reopen Alcatraz was inspired by the many legal challenges. Where did you get the idea for reopening Alcatraz? Just an idea I've had, and I guess because the judges so many of these radicalized judges, they want to have trials for every single thing of it. Every single person that's in our country illegally that came in illegally, that would mean millions of trials. And it's just so ridiculous what's happening.


It's long been a symbol. Alcatraz a sad symbol, but it's a, it's a symbol of law and order. You know, it's got quite a history, frankly. So I think we're gonna do that and we're looking at it right now. Alcatraz Island was converted from a military facility to a federal prison back in 1934. In that time, it housed some of America's most notorious criminals, including Al Capone and James Whitey Bulger, the Rocky Island located just over a mile from the San Francisco shore, considered inescapable due to the freezing water and deadly currents. Dozens attempted escape, though only three men evaded, recapture. They were never found. And it's unknown if they survived the swim from the infamous island or drowned.


Ultimately, the prison was shut down in 1963 due to increasing operating costs and the need for repairs. Even some non-Trump hating legal experts had questions about the practicality of Alcatraz. Here's Greg Jarrett on Fox. It's a provocative idea, Brian, which may be why Trump is proposing it. So the sound you hear are all the liberal heads exploding at the same time. It is, however, federal property, so this can be done, but it'd have to be rebuilt almost entirely. It's so outdated and crumbling. And here's the important part. It has landmark status, so there would be an avalanche of lawsuits that would probably tie it up for years In a second.


Surprise Sunday announcement, President Trump writing on true social quote. The movie industry in America is dying a very fast death. Other countries are offering all sorts of incentives to draw our filmmakers and studios away from the United States, Hollywood, and many other areas within the USA are being devastated. Therefore, I am authorizing the Department of Commerce and the US Trade Representative to immediately begin the process of instituting a 100% tariff on any and all movies coming into our country that are produced in foreign lands. We want movies made in America. Again, the president elaborating Sunday on the White House alone. Other nations have been stealing the, the movies, the movie making capabilities from the United States.


I've done some very strong research over the last week and we're making very few movies now. Hollywood is being destroyed now. You have an incompetent, grossly incompetent governor that allowed that to happen. So I'm not just blaming other nations, but other nations. A lot of them have stolen our movie in this, and I'm saying that's my, if they're not willing to make a movie inside the United States, and we should have a tariff on movies that come in. And not only that, governments are actually giving big money. I mean, they're supporting them financially. So that's sort of a threat to our country in a sense. And it's been a very popular thing. I can tell you what movie, movie makers love It.


Democrat, governor of California, Gavin Newsom facing growing criticism from within the entertainment industry for not only failing to incentivize movie making in Hollywood, but for making it entirely cost prohibitive. Critics say the governor is failing to keep Hollywood competitive with other countries. The dissatisfaction recently aired on a podcast hosted by actor Rob Lowe featuring Severance star Adam Scott. It's cheaper to bring a hundred American people Wow. To Ireland than to walk across the lot, right Fox, right past the sound stages and do it there. Crazy. Do you think if we shot parks right now, we would be in Budapest? 100%. We would be, we'd be in Budapest. We would be. It's so weird there. Nothing shoots in Los Angeles.


Nothing. I'm not too expensive to shoot here. There are no tax credits. So like all those other places are offering 40%. Yeah, 40%. Oh yeah. And then on top of that, there's other stuff that they do. Yeah. And then that's not even talking about the union stuff. That's just tax economics of it all. So it's, it's, it's, it's criminal What, what, what the California and LA have let happen. It's criminal. Those everybody should be fired. Exact details on how a tar on productions will be assessed or enforced, not yet known. Coming up, President Trump weighs in on the 2027 NFL draft, the Pope meme, and on self deportation incentives.


Plus new data out of Antarctica flips. The climate change narrative


Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement and every day you wait might make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, you don't wanna mess around. Okay? The good news is there's still time for Tax Network USA to help self-employed or a business owner, even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free, and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters, and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/ Megan. You may have missed April 15th, but you haven't run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move.


President Trump on Monday bringing NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell to the White House signaling a new chapter in their otherwise contentious history. To announce the 2027 host city for the NFL draft, I'm pleased to reveal that the 2027 NFL draft, that's a big thing, will be held right here in our nation's capital, Washington DC on the National Mall. And every year, hundreds of young football players have their dreams come true as the NFL teams across the land. And you just saw that last week, select the best young players in America to join their ranks. Hundreds of thousands of football fans will travel all across our country to cheer them on in person.


President Trump. Also inviting to the podium a longtime political adversary, DC Mayor Muriel Bowser, who once painted Black Lives Matter in bold yellow letters on the street leading to the White House in direct protest of his presidency. Thanks. I'm Muriel Bowser. I'm the mayor of the best city in the world and also the sports capital, and we are delighted to be here, to be here with the Washington commanders, the NFL and the President, to talk about this very exciting announcement. We're just delighted to be here and we wanna thank everybody for all the hard work to get here. The president estimating more than 1 million football fans will turn up to the National Mall to watch the draft in person.


The 2026 draft will take place in Pittsburgh. Following official remarks. The president opening the floor to questions One reporter asking about an AI generated image posted to the President's truth social account portraying Mr. Trump as the new Pope. Critics slamming the image as offensive and in poor taste. Supporters, including many Catholics dismissed the outrage as overblown or fake pointing instead to what they see as far more serious attacks on the faith during the Biden and Obama years. President Trump responding. Some Catholics were not so happy about the image of you looking like the Pope. Oh, I see. You mean they, they can't take a joke. You don't mean the Catholics, you mean the fake news media.


Not the Catholics loved it. I just saw it last evening. Actually, my wife thought it was cute. She said, isn't that nice question? Actually, I would not be able to be married though. That would be a lot. I'd have to, to the best of my knowledge. Popes aren't big on getting married, are they? Not that we know of, no. Even though it was AI generated, it was a joke. It was a meme. Does it at all diminish the substance of the official White House account? Have it go out on Saturday? Oh, give, gimme a break. You just, it was just somebody did it in fun. It's fine. Have to have a little fun, don't you? On a more serious note, President Trump weighing in on a new DHS program encouraging illegal immigrants to self deport, first reported by Fox, the plan offers to cover travel costs and promises an additional $1,000.


Once the individual is confirmed to have left the country, We're being obstructed. It's very unfair what's happening because the court system is being, it's very unfair. We have to get 'em out fast. But what we thought we'd do is to self deport where we're gonna pay each one a certain amount of money and we're gonna get 'em a beautiful flight back to where they came from. And they have a period of time, and if they make it, we're gonna work with them so that maybe someday with a little work they can come back in. If they're good people, if they miss that limit, they're gonna be taken out of our country and they will never get a path to come back in and it'll be a much tougher process.


According to DHS, the program is expected to save taxpayers up to 70% compared to the cost of traditional deportation. There's alarming new evidence out today showing once again the dramatic impact of climate change. Scientists warn that a large part of Antarctica is melting and cannot be stopped Without stronger climate action. An Arctic ice will continue to melt at an accelerating rate. News for Greta Turnberg, A new peer reviewed study published in partnership with one of the world's top scientific publishers, finds for the first time in decades, the Antarctic ice sheet gained mass ice sheets, store two thirds of the planet's fresh water.


They act as sort of water towers storing water as frozen ice that would otherwise be in our oceans. Earth currently has two ice sheets, one in Antarctica and one in Greenland. As they melt, they have contributed to rising oceans. The research is based on satellite data. From 2002 to 2023 published in science, China Earth sciences researchers found from 2002 to 2010, melting ice in Antarctica contributed to about 0.2 millimeters per year. In global sea level rise, that rate doubled from 2011 to 2020, increasing the rise in sea levels by 0.4 millimeters per year.


However, the trend flipped dramatically from 2020 to 2023, increased snowfall in East Antarctica, which led to an accumulation of snow and ice, offsetting rising sea levels by about 0.3 millimeters per year. A relatively small increase, but a new record. Nonetheless, four major glacier basins, which had been losing the most mass, instead experienced mass gain, reversing losses they had suffered. While scientists caution, it's too soon to call it a trend, the recent gains suggest Antarctica may be more resilient or more influenced by natural cycles than we've been led to believe.


That'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Trium, channel one 11 at Moon East on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly, and on all podcast platforms.


Under Biden Americans, cost of Living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.