(1s):
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the D-M-V-M-G-M and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(50s):
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. What a crazy weekend. In the 2024 election, just two weekends left before election day, this one involved former President Donald Trump working the Drive-through at a Pennsylvania McDonald's in Bucks County. In a truly iconic campaign moment. While much of the corporate media was focused on a brief story Trump told about legendary golfer, Arnold Palmer, they're very upset, very upset that there was a reference to one's manhood on stage by a former president.

(1m 37s):
Very, you're only allowed to do that if your name is Barack Obama and you're at the Democratic National Convention. You see, he's allowed to make D jokes all day long. But if you're Trump and you make some innocuous illusion to Arnold Palmer's manhood, it's a hard no. That's a violation of decorum. The media is disgusting as the thing on Twitter says you don't hate the media enough. Meantime, vice President Kamala Harris was hanging with Lizzo because she's an every woman and usher him too and Al Sharpton because nothing says I'm going to provide a new generation of leadership like hanging out with the OG race Baiter Al Sharpton Al Sharpton.

(2m 26s):
We're gonna bring it to you all today with the ejs Emily Dechen Ski. She's DC correspondent at Unheard U-N-H-E-R-D and host of Undercurrents and Eliana Johnson, who is editor of the Washington Free Beacon and co-host of the Ink Stained Retches podcast.

(2m 43s):
This show encourages honest conversations, which isn't easy in today's media environment with big tech deciding who and what gets amplified. Well, there's a news platform that prioritizes free speech and transparency without controlling the narrative. Ground news. Ground news is an app and website that aggregates related articles from around the world highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. Here's an example. Recently, CBS News told their staff not to refer to Jerusalem as being in Israel. And guess who didn't cover this? left-leaning Media on ground news. You can see more than 90% of the coverage is coming from right-leaning sources. Ground news has an entire blind spot feed with stories like this that are receiving lopsided coverage. It reveals how media narratives are shaping the conversation and they're offering our viewers 40% off their vantage plan, which gives you unlimited access to their website and app. They're independent and supported by subscribers, not corporate interests. Check 'em out@groundnews.com slash Megan. That's ground G-R-O-U-N-D news.com/megan to take back control of the news you consume.

(3m 48s):
Ladies, welcome back. Great To be here Megan. Okay, so let's start with McDonald's. I loved it, I loved everything about it. I thought it was absolutely brilliant and I know that he was over the target because the media truly can't stand it. Like they're, they're having such a vicious reaction to Trump showing up outside of Lancaster, Pennsylvania and in his regular suit well shirt with the cuff links serving fries and delivering people's meals. So let's look at a little bit of it now. Here he is walking in and glad handing, let's look at a little bit of how it went down and listen as well.

(4m 29s):
Hot one. Mr. Trump, what's your favorite thing to order at? I like it all. I like, I like every ounce of it. Everything. You what a good looking family. Oh, thank you. How did you produce those good looking kids? And there'll be no charge. Trump is paying for it. Is that okay? No. How are you? What a beautiful woman It a beautiful child. The whole, it's like the perfect looking person. Eric, look at this guy. I'm not gonna mess with him. Huh? How you doing sir? You look fantastic. Hello? It possible for ordinary people like us to meet you. You're not ordinary. I mean, thank you so much. You are not ordinary chief president. Yes, please don't let the United States become Brazil. My native Brazil. Oh, we'll we'll keep it good.

(5m 9s):
Please, please, please. We're gonna make it better than ever. Okay, thank you. Now I have worked at McDonald. I've now worked for 15 minutes more than Kamala. It's amazing. Let's, before we get to the medium Meltdown, let's just stay there because I really thought this was quite Genius. You know, everyone knows Trump loves McDonald's. No, Trump has never worked in McDonald's. He was born to a very rich father as everyone knows. But he eats there all the time. And so he is telegraphing that even though he is got all this money, he really is an every man. He knows the menu forward and back, and he's drawing attention to the fact that he, like many doubts, Kamala Harris's claims to have worked there, something she's never been able to really substantiate.

(5m 55s):
And it's also just a great photo op in the same way we see these politicians go to state fairs and eat the fried corn dog. This is Trump's state fair. Only it's real for him. He actually loves it. So what do you guys make of it? The photos and the videos were just, they were wonderful. And the purpose of his appearance was to drive the narrative that Kamala Harris never really worked this job that has been a centerpiece of the biography that she's put forward on the campaign trail. And as a result, there was a ton of media coverage about this event in which the media said Trump is, Trump is pushing this unproven claim that Kamala Harris never worked at McDonald's.

(6m 47s):
Well, the result was a full day of media coverage of his appearance and of discussion of Kamala Harris' claim and of Trump raising questions about it. And I just thought, you know, this is not what the Harris campaign wants to be talking about. Two weeks out from the election and the entire day was dominated by Trump And. it was a day he won, he won the news cycle yesterday. You know, Emily, you just look at this, it's fun. It's fun to see Trump in a McDonald's serving fries period. Right. And but, but then actually no, there's more after my period, not my period. The period at the end of this that's already been in the news.

(7m 27s):
Wow. Okay. Anyway, speaking of Trump, what exactly, what's fun about it, in addition, what's important about it in addition to the fact that it's just good, clean fun is that's not a dictator. That's not a fascist, that's not Hitler. I mean, the left will continue trying to tell us that it is, but you, that's the thing about Trump is like you see him, he, he, he does have this great ability to be an every man. You know, he, he swears he makes the occasional D joke he shows up at at McDonald's and you know that he lives on that food and Hershey's chocolate bars, you know, and diet Coke. Like he isn't, as I referenced last week, John Bon Jovi with a glass of wine, literally with his pinky out behind stage after trying to pose as the hardcore rocker in front of his audience.

(8m 13s):
He with Trump, what you see is what you get. He did not put on, people are like, why is he wearing that outfit with a friend? He did not put on the the tank top, the sleeveless tank top a stained, what did you want him to wear? Right. Anyway, those are the two, two reasons I think it works among others. Well, I think this is an encapsulation of the political Genius of Donald Trump. I actually think some of the reaction on the left is proving it because I think they recognize the political Genius is a threat to their own agenda because it's really, really powerful. And of course they see that through the lens of like a dictator and his propaganda that that's what Donald Trump is doing. This soft face, putting a soft, smiling, McDonald's eating face on, on fascism.

(8m 57s):
But the premise of that is actually that it's very powerful and I don't think Donald Trump is a fascist, but I agree that this is very powerful because to the state fair point, you brought up Meghan, he famously in 2016 exploded the state fair playbook for politicians and outright gave kids helicopter rides. He didn't do the thing or he put on a plaid shirt, rolled up the sleeves and pretended he just couldn't get enough of the funnel cake and the corn dogs. He was openly a billionaire who was having fun with his money and having fun with the campaign. And I think this is really, really similar to that. And he's not trying to be inauthentic, he's not trying to pretend that he really loves McDonald's.

(9m 41s):
The guy actually really loves McDonald's. He clearly goes to McDonald's all of the time. And he is having these conversations that are way more natural with constituents than any other politician put in that situation. Who is given a script, is told what to say about this massive corporation, what he can say ethically about paying for everybody's food. There was that moment where Donald Trump turned around and said, ah, you know, can we do that? Can I pay for everyone's food? Any other politician would be fearfully sticking to their script in a situation where they're giving drive through orders out to people and, and making french fries. But it's, it's natural for him. So I agree. I mean I think it was a really, really high point of his campaign and actually really his political career.

(10m 22s):
It just reminds you what you like about Trump. He's funny, he's self-deprecating in his own way and like he's entertaining. This is actually what a lot of voters are attracted to. He's not a bore good gracious. Kamala Harris doesn't understand that. So this is just a sampling of the media reaction. I mean the New York Times may be the, the furthest off, off the hook. I mean their headline is Birtherism Meet burgers. They're actually comparing him, suggesting Kamala Harris never worked at McDonald's to Trump's Birtherism claims about Barack Obama and whether he wasn't born in the United States.

(11m 9s):
Like what? What Trump has repeatedly accused Harris of inventing this claim, recalling his earlier false claim that President Barack Obama was not born in the United States. How, how. And then they, they talk about how they've, he's put her and her aids in something of a bind. Tracking down pay stubs or other documentation from so long ago would be a difficult task for almost anyone. McDonald's corporate representatives have ignored media requests for corroborating information.

(11m 49s):
And then they go on to say that they have, they have I guess, corroborated it by a statement from the campaign saying it happened. She worked there and a friend of Kamala Harris who said she mother Who talked to her dead mother S Yeah. To Kamala Harris' dead mother. And she thinks she remembers the dead mother mentioning it. I, I mean like in a court of law, you'd be in some trouble. Eliana, I'm glad we have two hours to talk about this. This, the whole McDonald's narrative is downstream of a really carefully researched and reported free beacon report that came out in late August and that's why Trump has been talking about it.

(12m 35s):
And the Free Beacon report raised questions about Harris's claim to have worked at McDonald's, noting three things. The first is that the campaign story about the job had changed. They initially said she had worked there to pay her way through school. They had to walk back that claim. And they said that she actually just worked there for a summer for extra cash. They walked it back when the free beacon approached the campaign with questions. Number two, it's not mentioned in any of the books that have been written about Harris, nor is the job mentioned in any of Harris's own books. The first time she ever mentioned it was on the campaign trail in 2019.

(13m 16s):
That's odd for something that's become so significant on the campaign trail this time around number three, she was asked for not a resume as has been widely reported, but she was asked when she worked in a government legal office, a district attorney's office for every position she had held in the past 10 years. So that's not a resume, but every position. And she did not include this job. Megan, I'm sure you'll be shocked to learn that the New York Times left those first two details out of its story. They do not mention that the campaign's story and details about this job have changed.

(13m 57s):
And they do not mention that Harris herself does not mention this job in any of the books she has written. And that one of her biographers told the beacon he wasn't aware that Harris had had this job. Instead they say, this is the new Birtherism. And while Trump has said she never had the job, that goes beyond what the Beacon was able to report. They say Trump is claiming without evidence. Well, there is some evidence he's going beyond what the evidence says, but there is certainly reason to question her claim. I, you know, I wrote in the Beacons newsletter this morning, the Times report it is, I mean, to sit, to call it North Korean, I think is not an exaggeration.

(14m 38s):
They, they leave out important facts that would inform the reader's ability to assess this. And then they cite the Harris campaign as evidence to affirm her account Exactly is a stunning display of tenness and dishonesty. If this is a lie, she is the source of the lie. So why would we then look to her as the person who could disprove the lie? I mean, I have say, I was thinking about this, can't Claim about this have changed. Which is something they do not tell their readers. If, if somebody said to me, and I actually, I think my first job was a spa lady.

(15m 19s):
The first job I ever had was a spa lady up in Delmar, New York later to become Living Well Lady in an event. And then shortly thereafter, I took a job, right? It was almost contemporaneous, but at this ski shop, like selling ski gear, and I'm not gonna say the name of the ski shop just to protect the innocent or the guilty, but if, if you ask me what, what happened inside that ski shop, what, like, tell me about it. I could describe the ski shop ex exactly to you. I could tell you that I worked there with my best friend Kelly McGinnis. I could tell you that the guy who owned the ski shop used to wax the skis in the back of it. And he called the ski waxing machine all reliable. And he used to joke that he would take me and Kelly back an all reliable and make women out of us.

(16m 3s):
Okay? He was 1986 or seven. It was a different time, but we knew it was pervy even back then. My point is, I could definitely convince you that I worked at this ski shop and don't even get me going on my spa 80 days where the, the thing I remember most was do not go in the hot tub. Okay? Just don't. Anyway, we could go on. I've never heard her do that. I have never heard her really convince me in the way all of us could do about our first jobs that she worked there. It does seem to be something she's floundered on when it comes to her story. And Trump getting out there and doing this reminds you really, he's authentic and she isn't Right.

(16m 50s):
Donald Trump doesn't do this whole thing where he says, I grew up in a middle class family. He doesn't do, he doesn't try to put on the act. He is just openly extremely rich and leans into it because other people have written about this. There's something in a lot of American voters that sees an aspirational element to Donald Trump, Donald Trump's character in America. We don't want people to sort of feel badly about their success or their wealth. And when other politicians, Mitt Romney's a really good example, do the thing where they roll up their sleeves and eat the corn dogs, it feels, or it strikes people as maybe not that helpful and not that inspiring or aspirational. And I think that's what Trump taps into in the, the New York Times of it all, or the media of it all.

(17m 32s):
That's actually a really classic thing we see more and more in these fact checks is citing either the government that's under fire or the campaign that's under fire, the official, you know, campaign or statement or press office as evidence of a debunking. I've seen that multiple times just in like the last couple of months where fact checkers will say, will will cite the person who's under fire as the authoritative source of a debunking or a significant source of a debunking. And it's really insane. Like it's when the New York Times says Trump has cited without evidence or suggested without evidence, it's fascinating because it's actually them who is doing it the same thing. They are the ones who are certain how could evidence, How could she be the debunker if she's the bunker?

(18m 15s):
Like you cannot write both. No, of course. And they're the ones who have less evidence than the Trump campaign. The Trump campaign has that excellent reporting from the free beacon and on top of it, everything you just said, Megan, which is that if Kamala Harris could substantiate this persuasively, she absolutely would be because she would love those pictures of her in the outfit. She would love telling those anecdotes. I think she's mentioned something about the fries, but she would love to talk about it. She would love to draw attention to it, but she's not. And so here we have, you know, people may say it's just the McDonald's claim, blah, blah, blah. But to a lot of voters, it's, she's, she's talked about it and it's become a part of her narrative about understanding the plight of the middle class.

(18m 58s):
And if you are a middle class American right now, if you work at McDonald's right now, if your family member works at McDonald's, that's, that really sucks to be lied to that way by the presidential candidate. It does matter to people. It's not just a silly non-story. It is real And. it does have real implications for the way people are making up their minds right now. It's so insane. Hold on a second, I'm just getting something from my producer here. Oh yeah, yeah. Okay, we'll get to that. The, it's led to, not to the, just the New York Times piece comparing this to Birtherism. I'm gonna play you some other sound, but let me just give you this 'cause it dropped this morning from Newsweek. Ready an inspection report for the McDonald's restaurant in Pennsylvania.

(19m 42s):
Cited employees not having hands clean and properly washed. The, the, they literally, it says McDonald's Trump worked at failed last health inspection. That's what the media's doing today. He ah, he he went to a dirty McDonald's. He's what, who at Newsweek would say yes. Get that up there, tweet it, get it out there. Eliana, you run a newspaper, you run a, a publication. How, how did somebody say yes, that's good. Go with it at Newsweek. I Mean, that's it. That's it. I think this is the gonna tip the election.

(20m 24s):
McDonald's failed the health inspection Clicks. I mean if anything it's All clicks. Donald Trump would've liked to have seen that before he went there. 'cause he is a germaphobe like I guess suppose And Meghan, he had, he had a moment, he had this hilarious moment at when he was being sort of instructed on how to scoop the fries into the fry container. He turned to the camera and he marveled and said, never touches the human hand. He said that actually yesterday. He made a point to note that when he was scooping the fries, it's so good. Okay, so here is an August of this year ad from Kamala Harris touting her alleged history working at McDonald's.

(21m 11s):
She grew up in a middle class home. She was the daughter of a working mom and she worked at McDonald's while she got her degree. Kamala Harris knows what it's like to be middle class, Okay? She knows what it's like. Eliana. A few days later, the Washington Post reported on the ad writing quote, Harris is making her stint at the golden arches, a part of her story end quote, other outlets including the New York Times, CNN Politico and a BC News also repeated the claim relying on Harris's testimony alone as evidence. The New York Times and political reported she worked at McDonald's between her freshman and sophomore years in college. So there we go. She puts it out there, everybody runs with it and only the free beacon starts kicking the tires to say, did she, did she, it's the same way that as they've all run with, she grew up middle class when she absolutely does not appear to have grown up middle class.

(22m 4s):
Both of her parents were PhDs and she did not, she's not from Oakland either. She grew up in Canada, right? I mean, like she's got all these little details about her bio, much like her running mate that she falsely emphasizes to make herself look a certain way that actually don't pan out, Right? And what that doesn't capture is that actually the campaign's initial claim was that she worked at McDonald's to pay her way through school. Which you're right, both the parents were PhDs and the mother was a pioneering cancer researcher. And that's not the type of person that pays their way through school unless the parents make them.

(22m 51s):
And that isn't the case. And the campaign was forced to admit that, and there was just no coverage of the fact outside the free beacon that the campaign story had actually changed on this. And what I really marvel at is you see everywhere that Donald Trump is claiming without evidence that she never worked at McDonald's. He has as much evidence for his claim, if not more than she has for her claim to have held this job. You know, she's offered no evidence for it. So, but you'll, you will never see a sentence in any of these outlets saying that she's claimed without evidence. So what you have instead is a media in full on Meltdown that he went at all.

(23m 31s):
Like, this is ridiculous what he did. You know, what, who does he think he's fooling? This was staged. This is what we ke keep getting that this was staged. Oh, that, that part was amazing. That's my favorite thing that this was staged. So this is back to Newsweek. Rumors have been circulating on social media that former president Donald Trump's visit to the popular fast food chain was staged in response to which Emily Twitter follow Sean Agnew tweets. Wait, he wasn't actually hired as the new Fry guy? Yeah, no, it was stage. Anybody didn't understand this?

(24m 13s):
And let me give you a little bit more of the media reaction here in, so three Former president Donald Trump put on an apron today to pull off a political stunt in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. There's no logic to it. It's a stunt. He, as you know, is, appears to be not well. And he's engaged in some really bizarre types of activities during this campaign. The McDonald's thing can be summarized as yet another event we see as a buffoonish disaster. But his cultists and bosses think was a triumph of populism. She actually worked in a McDonald's. She didn't go and pander and disrespect McDonald's workers by standing there in your red tie and take a picture.

(24m 59s):
Okay? That was Tim Walsh on the View just a moment ago in that last bit there, calling this a pander and a disrespectful thing to do that Trump was disrespecting Emily actual McDonald's workers. How hell, I mean, that's in, that's a crazy position for the campaign to take. They should just say, you know, we're focused on, you know, things beyond political pandering or whatever. I'm not a democratic campaign strategist by the grace of God. But to say that Donald Trump, who is going to, I mean, he's going so viral, the entire country is enjoying the memes. Whether people like actually are gonna vote for Donald Trump or not.

(25m 41s):
Everyone is enjoying this, the memes. And you don't want to Tim Waltz look like you're utterly humorless and accuse him who is having these like actually pretty natural conversations that Tim Waltz could never have in front of cameras with McDonald's employees and with people going through the drive-through, I mean, Tim Waltz doesn't have an ounce of the charisma that Donald Trump has. Whether you love Trump or hate him, he's very successful in those types of inter interactions. So to position yourself as, as humorless instead of just moving on to another topic is really, really stupid of the campaign and the media in general. I mean, I feel like I get triggered every time I hear Keefe alderman talk in that cadence like, you know, it's 2007 again.

(26m 22s):
But it's again, they look completely humorous. They have learned zero zero lessons from 2016 and 2020, which is that actually sometimes it'll make their case stronger to give Trump a w where he's actually earned it. Because then they can begin the work of genuinely persuading people who might see Trump at McDonald's and be like, oh, that's, he is, he is pretty friendly and approachable and he seems to get along with normal human beings like no other politicians are able to, and they, they don't actually ever address that. They just treat him like he's Mussolini and he is terrible at all of this. And it, it makes it very hard for them to connect with swing voters. I think when they react like that, That, that's exactly right.

(27m 2s):
So Eliana, this is, this is what stuck me over the weekend. Mediaite, which used to be actually an interesting website now has gone far left. I mean, every single post on there is trying to hurt Trump. Every single one. They're obviously on a mission to bring him down and they post over the weekend the following, Trump serves up McDonald's drive-through orders and claims. Harris lied about working there in all time. Bizarre photo op bizarre. It, it's bizarre for a presidential candidate to go into a restaurant and to actually serve the food there. I mean, this kind of thing's been done for time in memoriam, but that's, you heard the same messaging from that.

(27m 43s):
Well, who was that? Barbara Lee on MSN bbc, I think it was who we listened there B bizarre. That was, he's bizarre. And this dovetails perfectly with the messaging that they're putting out there these days around Trump. Like Trump's he's, he's lost it, you know, he's, he's just, he's out like he's, they're easing into, he's got dementia, he's crazy, he's infirm and they have to ease into it because they're of course the chief deniers of dementia when it's looking them in the face. So they really wanna say that all of this Trump showing up there was so weird. It was like elderly weird, if you know what we're saying, wink, wink, hint, hint.

(28m 25s):
But they can't explicitly say it. So it's just trust us, he's starting to lose it. The whole thing is infuriating, but it's also obvious. Well, that's the Harris campaign message, which is why they're saying that. I don't really think it's more complicated than that. After trying out a few different messages, the first was joy. You know, I can't even recall what the other iterations of of her message were between, between then and and now. But she has settled on, he's dangerous. He's senile, he's crazy. And so that's why you see her allies adopting the same message.

(29m 8s):
But the other factor is that I just don't think these people see and take in events and information the way that independent voters or swing voters do. And I genuinely think they, they may perceive it that way. And, and so that's what's leading to, you know, we saw polls last week indicating that voters have historic distrust in the media. I genuinely just think that the, the folks who write for and run the legacy publications process these events differently and have very different reactions to them than, than normal people do.

(29m 53s):
She's just, I mean, they're just not very good at this. I mean, I, I feel like the Obama team would've had a response out in 30 seconds along the lines of, he wants to serve the McDonald's work, he wants to do the McDonald workers jobs. We wanna make sure the McDonald workers get paid more. We actually wanna help the McDonald's workers. We're we're gonna help them buy a house, we're gonna help them. But whatever it, it would've been more articulate than that. But my point is it wouldn't have been, he's bizarre. He's disrespecting the McDonald's workers. He's pandering. Hello. The whole entire campaign is a big pander and Trump did it gleefully like with a smile. He's in on the joke.

(30m 33s):
It is a different message and it's a different Kamala Harris than joy just joyful. And in the beginning she didn't wanna say anything negative, you know, she was just gonna be vibes and joy and brat and then listen to her just last week, take a listen to this And let us be very clear, someone who suggests we should terminate the constitution of the United States should never again stand behind the seal Of the President of the United States. Never again.

(31m 13s):
Again, never again. It's not feeling that joyful. She did it at every campaign stop that was in Wisconsin. But we could have shown you five others, every campaign stop. She's, it's the new angry Kamala because, well, we'll get to the polling Emily But. It's because she thinks she's losing. That's my, that's my clear belief. Well, yeah, I think also the joy message is really, I, I think it was important for the campaign as she was being like introduced to the American people and they desperately needed Democrats to get on board the coup train and say like, this was an acceptable outcome and this is all going to be great.

(31m 56s):
But the Ameri, the mood of the American people is not joyful. The mood of the American people is that, you know, this is why your point about Obama, how they may have responded to McDonald's thing is important. Like all the Harris campaign had to do was put out a single sentence response and stick to that script. When you're sending walls on the view, say, all right, so Donald Trump, we have one question for you. Will you raise the minimal wage? Something like that. Do you support a living wage, whatever. But because they are so tethered to what they see as the concerns of the American people being, you know, vastly about democracy and all of that, you know, I'm not saying there aren't people who have those concerns, but the mood of the country is angry and upset because people feel like they are suffering and they're terrified about the direction of the, the country.

(32m 39s):
And, it seems like the Harris campaign is discovering this two weeks before the election, literally figuring this out about two weeks before the election. And it's something that Donald Trump, this is what he knew in 2015 when he was running with a bunch of other Republicans. This is what he tapped into that no other politicians were really willing to understand and acknowledge about the American people. So it's really no like hard thing for a political candidate to get at this point. But it's really hard for the Harris campaign when they are running as a change candidate, but also an incumbent. I mean, it's just an impossible square to have to circle. And so not only did they, they are they getting to it too late? It's just a really, really hard message for them to sell.

(33m 19s):
Period. I thought of the line, he would've said, Trump wants to serve the McDonald's food. We wanna serve the McDonald's workers cash. So good. You should do this. Whatever. Something simple. I'm just saying like, you should become a democratic Strategist. I, you know what? They should call me even though I don't really wanna help them. But they should, they should listen to the show. 'cause sometimes I give the advice, wait for free. The media has also made a lot of hay about Trump's comment about Arnold Palmer Arnold Palmer famous golfer. I mean, I like more famous than Tiger Woods, arguably. I mean it's, they're, they're one and two or two in one, whichever.

(33m 60s):
And Trump went to Arnold Palmer's hometown in Pennsylvania over the weekend and got to storytelling. It was one of his rallies the way he does. He listened to Trump rallies. He's always telling you some sort of story. And part of the fun is he's a celebrity, he's been a celebrity his whole life. So he's got a story about everyone and everything. And it's kind of fun to hear his stories about these people since he was in Arnold Palmer's hometown and sort of playing on, hey, Arnold Palmer a great golfer. He took a turn on his story of Arnold Palmer, though not in the explicit terms, the media would have you believe, oh, the reference was obvious. Here's here, it's Arnold Palmer was all man.

(34m 42s):
And I say that in all due respect to women and I love women, but this guy, this guy, this is a guy that was all man, this man was strong and tough and I refuse to say it, but when he took showers with the other pros, they came out of there, they said, oh my god, that's unbelievable. I had to say it, I had to say it. We have women that are highly sophisticated here, but they used to look at all this event, but he was really something special. And I had to tell you the shower part of it because it's, it's true.

(35m 25s):
What can I tell? We wanna be honest. We wanna be upfront. It's true. I submit, you wanna be honest To the jury that this is part of Trump's comedy routine. Like he's doing standup and they, the media just doesn't either get it or I don't know, like, here's a friend of mine, Jake Tapper not getting it, not appreciating it over on cnn. You're talking about substantive issues. Is this really the closing message you want voters to hear from Donald Trump's stories about Arnold Palmer's penis Speaker Mike Johnson here.

(36m 5s):
Well, listen, I, I think that the headline that I read about the rally in, in, in Pennsylvania yesterday was the big question. And it's the one that Kamala Harris has not been able or willing to answer. And that is, are you better off now than you were under the Trump administration four years ago? But If President Biden had gone on stage and spoke about the size of a pro golfer's penis, I think you would be on this show right now saying you were shocked and appalled and you would suggest it was evidence of his cognitive decline. Why is he talking about Arnold Palmer's penis in front of Pennsylvania voters? Jake, you seemed to like that line a lot. Let me tell you that Trump Doing Rallies.

(36m 47s):
Lemme say something around the country. You can say something. I don't wanna be talking about this. All right. Donald Trump is out there saying it. I mean, truly what kind of a former president would take the national stage and make a d reference about another person? Like who it would cause every media personality to go into full Meltdown. I mean Jake and everyone else. Would it not or wait, There's the childish nicknames, the crazy conspiracy theories, this weird obsession with crowd sizes For the listening audience.

(37m 35s):
He was using his hands to show a large versus small in accordion style. So what do you guys make of Arnold Palmer references Eliana. I don't actually think that the media is scandalized by this. I think they know that Trump's appeal is that he's vulgar and funny and this is precisely what his supporters like about him. What he said was funny and amusing and it's the kind of thing that people go home and tell their families. You won't believe what he said. And people laugh about it, but I think they're saying this because this is the Harris campaign's message, and so they are repeating it in turn.

(38m 18s):
I think they feel compelled to say it because they dislike him so much and they want her to win. I don't really think there's more to it than that, but I have a hard time believing that they're really scandalized by that. It was, it was amusing. It was totally in keeping with Trump's personality and his sense of humor. Trump made these jokes in 2016 during the debates. He, I was there rub, I moderated that Debate, right? He and Rubio had it out. I was 10 feet away from him, all this kind of stuff. It's not like a new thing that's evidence of decline. This is completely in keeping with who he is. Yeah, there, i I will give some credit to David Axelrod for a good tweet and response who wrote, wonder if Trump will continue to ask, talk about Arnold Palmer's long game that the whole weird, the whole weird episode raises two questions.

(39m 10s):
Why is this such a fascination with Trump? And two, can we ever again innocently say, gimme an Arnold Palmer. It's kind of funny. That's good. There is a fair amount of maybe feigned disdain for the comment in the media today though, Emily, same as there is feigned disdain for his quote, disrespect as Tim Wall said toward McDonald's workers and showing up at their place of, of, of employment and doing their job and learning about their job and calling national attention to how hard they work, I mean virtually. Yeah, exactly. And which he did, he kept repeating like, this is a hard job.

(39m 50s):
It's a hard job. I see what these guys are doing. I love McDonald's. Every ounce of it. He kept repeating that nobody in the rest of the country is interpreting the stunt. It's a campaign stunt. Of course everybody knows that nobody's stupid, but nobody is interpreting it in the way that the media is. I mean, what maybe like a couple of resistance wine moms are, but not the rest of the country. And it's the same thing with what CNN referred to as a vulgar anecdote about genitalia that was on the Chiron as Jake Tapper was speaking. And you just have this out of body moment watching Donald Trump with a bunch of guys in hard hats behind him. And then CNN referring to a very, very innocuous dy joke as a quote, vulgar anecdote about genitalia.

(40m 32s):
It's like, have you guys stepped outside of your newsroom to do anything normal with people that doesn't involve like you reporting on them like their zoo creatures in the last 10 years? Have you actually sat down for a meal or beer with somebody in a normal part of America where that's appealing to? Have you thought about this at all? I mean, I think that's to Eliana's point, it's being pushed by the Harris campaign, which is why the media is just more primed to think it's important and to latch onto it and regurgitate it. But nobody in the rest of the country would listen to what he just said. I mean, maybe there's, I I shouldn't deny, I mean, I think there are some people, especially probably like affluent suburban women who don't like that and roll their eyes And.

(41m 14s):
it does make them less likely to vote for Trump or whatever. But that's a small part of the country. Most people watching that would think it was funny or would never think to put it in a headline and be the big takeaway. I think Mike Johnson actually had a great line there. I i, they wouldn't think that that was the takeaway from the rally. So it's just the media being completely, completely out of touch after now having 10 years, 10 years we're, well, I guess eight years, almost a full decade to reckon with what Donald Trump was shoving in front of their face. and more than 10 years since the great Recession and since some of these fissures became completely obvious, their lack of understanding of the rest of the country being became completely obvious and they're getting worse, not better, which is really depressing.

(41m 56s):
I mean, I, I think Trump meant it as a compliment, you know, he was trying to tell a nice story about our po show me the man who does not want that kind of thing being said about him. I mean, that's just the truth. He thought he was paying homage to this great golfer in his hometown. Like in addition to all the great things you already know about him, there's this one too. I agree with you. I think there's a certain collection of women in particular who won't like it. I don't think that hasn to do with the affluence that hasn to do with probably older, older women who are more, you know, proper than say we are and or I am and maybe, maybe like evangelicals, I don't know. They're, they seem to have forgiven Trump for all of his other, you know, comments along those lines.

(42m 37s):
So I, I doubt this is gonna cause most problem, but I do wanna point this out. So apparently on the view, Tim Walls did go on to make a quick remark about the minimum wage angle and hit Trump for it, but only after attacking him for his tie, honestly, I think they wanted these guys in the, in the tank top. They wanted him in a, like a stained tank top with like a tat on his bicep or they're not gonna accept or they're gonna hit him for being somehow not genuine in this role. And that brings me to more from the New York Times where the fashion critic felt the need to weigh in Eliana, the fashion critic Jacob Gallagher headlines the piece, French cuffs and french fries at Donald Trump's McDonald's gig.

(43m 23s):
Was he really dressed the part? No, no. Concludes Jacob Gallagher. He wasn't, he didn't change into the pedestrian dark shirt and slip resistant shoes like the rest of the McDonald's staff. Mr. Trump didn't plop on a McDonald's brand advisor. He was certainly the only man at the franchise on Sunday packing orders in a shirt with French cuffs and then goes on to point out to us french cuff shirts, which are fastened with cuff links at the wrist. Mr. Trump's naturally were gold are an increasing anachronism for many American men. They're something to be worn if ever at weddings.

(44m 2s):
Then points out that arriving at his rally later in the afternoon, Mr. Trump's blue sport coat was back on. The apron was nowhere in sight. Aha. He doesn't wear an apron anywhere but McDonald's and he misjudged the moment by wearing his French cuffs. Eliana, how did you guys miss this at the free beacon? It's Like you're phoning it in over there. This is like the most, if there was an article best geared for New York Times readers, it would be this, this is like primo content for the, you know, left wing urban set that the 78-year-old presidential candidate isn't on top of the latest fashions is wearing outdated dress dress shirts.

(44m 54s):
Yeah. Again, I, I have to think that Trump's voters just aren't seeing things this way. They're not upset he didn't wear the visor or the slip resistant shoes or whatever. I just think they're not seeing it like this, not not offended by his cufflings or that he's not wearing the latest fa fashions. And do you have to say, I think Kamala look pretty, pretty great on the campaign trail. You know what Looks pretty great on the, on the campaign trail, I think, I think Harris has looked pretty great on the campaign trail. You know, I'm not sure on UnHerd, she's constantly dressed in multi-thousand dollar outfits. Yes. Yeah, exactly.

(45m 34s):
She, she's looked Fantastic. She's not, she's not trying to go woman of the people either in her, in her fashion. I do wanna say this. So you've got Anna Navarro from the View tweeting out, does McDonald's hire convicted felons? Okay, so by the way, by, you're not actually allowed to call Trump that until his appeal is settled, but okay, isn't it your side that's constantly bitching about the fact that convicted felons cannot get jobs, Anna? I mean, just making sure because I'm pretty sure that this is a big thing on the left that we need to make it easier for people been to prison to find jobs when they get out. And here's the Drudge Report, which I rec only recently learned is no longer owned by Drudge, which explains so much.

(46m 18s):
Maybe George Soros bought this in connection with his big radio buy since he's trying to take over conservative media. And the headline was a picture of Ronald McDonald looking sad And. it says McDonald McDonald one fry short of a Happy meal, felon finds work. Th then they wanna lecture Trump about being mean, Emily, then they wanna tell us he's nasty. Our campaign is the joyful one. You and your surrogates strike below the belt and America doesn't like it When you're also making the grave error. Meghan, of assuming that Anna Navarro is coming to this with any principles that she could even confuse to begin with.

(47m 2s):
I don't, I don't think Anna tomorrow actually has like a, a set of ideological principles. I don't know that she ever did or does anymore. And that's true of actually a lot of the people who are attacking Donald Trump for not being principled and not being coherently ideological is we see them constantly doing exactly what they accused Donald Trump of doing because they basically aren't rooted in anything solid. Their principle is that Donald Trump must be stopped at all costs. So that leads to, and it's a principle that I don't agree with some people on the right when they espouse it either, but that leads to, you know, going away from some of the things you're holding other people to doing the exact same thing I should say, that you're telling other people that they should never do or that it's bad to do.

(47m 43s):
We see it over and over and over again with Donald Trump. It's, you know, he is, he's too focused on trivial details, whatever, and then they put out a New York Times report on his cuff links, which by the way, I would be willing to bet most Trump voters do not own cuff links even for weddings. That's so it's just he know that. Amazing. Yeah, He knows that. He Know that. It speaks to his authenticity. He doesn't care. He is who he is. He's not gonna pander in that way. The Washington Post, not to be outdone, they didn't fo focus on the fashion, but they too were upset that he served McDonald's fries to supporters in stage managed campaign stop. And there's reporting everywhere today about how the people who went through the drive-through had been pre-screened by the Secret Service and that they had closed down the McDonald's.

(48m 33s):
It wasn't actually open for business when he was do as as if they're going to take the twice, possibly thrice, nearly assassinated former president and just pop in there. Surprise Eliana, surprise, it's Donald Trump. And let some rando lunatic who might hate him drive through and say, oh, I, I'll take care of this election problem right here now. It's absurd. Of course they made sure he was secure in an effort to do this. Everyone with eyes and ears and a brain already knew that. Of course. I mean this was a 15 minute choreographed campaign gig. Of course it, it was prescreen people.

(49m 16s):
I do think that was pretty clear to people But it was also ingenious and that the interactions did look sort of spontaneous and genuine. That's what was pretty smart about it. And I think Emily sort of alluded to this before that that's why much of the press is, is resentful and angry about it. Alright, so there's a lot more to get to Kamala Harris is back with her weird accents out on a campaign trail and her husband Doug Emh goes out there to with the weirdest, you know how they're trying to appeal to men. I mean, they continue to use him. Mistake, there's some free adv advice mistake. He neither appeals to women anymore given his history nor to men.

(49m 59s):
He's not the guy you want to break through to men. I know you failed with Tim Wal. Doug Moff is not your guy. And here's a little note to you, Andy Cohen and Ben Stiller are of no help either. We'll show you what I'm referring to and then we will get to Lizzo and her, her reach out to the working class as she insults them while getting on UnHerd private jet. Don't go away. That's all right After the break, as Eliana and Emily stay with us for the show,

(50m 26s):
cyber attacks are on the rise with corporate mega stores falling victim to data breaches that could expose your private information. Now these same mega stores are lobbying DC politicians to pass the Durban Marshall credit card bill according to our sponsor, Electronic Payments Coalition, this bill could leave you even more vulnerable to credit card cyber attacks while mega stores pocket billions in additional profits. Learn more@guardyourcard.com and then consider telling Congress to guard your card. The Electronic Payments Coalition says, Americans lose when politicians choose again. That's guard your card.com.

(51m 7s):
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs Woo the Os Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(51m 59s):
Okay, well 60 minutes is back in the news. Amazingly, they still won't release the transcript of their interview with Kamala Harris. This is bizarre. This is getting truly bizarre to me that they're holding onto this thing like it's the holy grail and we're not allowed to see it. They come out with a, with like a statement now because just to refresh the readers, I know they know, but for those who have forgotten, because you know, you're living your lives not obsessing about this stuff like we are. Kamala Harris went on 60 Minutes. Kamala Harris gave this word salad answer in response to questioning over Israel and Netanyahu.

(52m 40s):
And we know that she gave a word salad answer that made no sense because 60 Minutes used that clip as the tease of its interview and they ran it on their Sunday show, I think Face the Nation. And then again on Monday before they aired the actual, actual interview with Kamala Harris or what purported to be the actual interview with Kamala Harris. Then when we got to 60 Minutes, they played that same q and a, but her answers were different. She had a different answer in which she sounded much more cogent and people started to say, what happened? What happened to the word salad answer? And what does 60 Minutes do to try to make her look better? Turned into a whole thing. They wouldn't comment on it, yada yada.

(53m 19s):
Trump demanded an investigation. Trump said they didn't have their license pulled. Okay, And, it hasn't subsided. There's been calls even from the outside former 60 Minutes or CVS employees demanding that an investigation be held and or at least that they released the transcript. If there's nothing to hide, just release the transcript and this whole thing goes away. If you didn't do anything unethical. Un so finally, they issue a statement. They do not release the transcript nor even, you know, a more robust exchange or transcript of what happened in that segment of the interview. All they do is put out the following.

(53m 59s):
Former President Donald Trump is accusing 60 minutes of deceitful editing of our October 7th interview with Kamala Harris. It's not just Donald Trump. I mean it's, it's gone well beyond Donald Trump. That is false. The deceitful editing charge 60 Minutes gave an excerpt of our interview to face the nation that used a longer section of her answer than that on 60 Minutes. Same question, same answer. So they want us to take their word for the fact that the super short phrase that was used in the actual interview did come from the same answer as the word salad did.

(54m 43s):
Now, what we saw in 60 Minutes was not just like 10 words that we heard in the 40 word salad version that came out the day before. They, they weren't in the first word salad answer, which is why a lot of us were like, where did that come from? Did that even come from the same answer or did it come from later down in the transcript? They seem to be saying it came from the same answer, but there's absolutely no proof of that. Just 60 minutes words that it was in response to the same question and part of the same answer. So honestly then at least put out a transcript of the full answer. Just do that at a minimum.

(55m 23s):
Just do that, put out a, put out a transcript of the full answer so we can see where you pulled from and how much more was there, by the way, was there a whole bunch more? How much did you do to cover up for her and make her sound more cogent again than she was? So we said, they say same question, same answer, but a different portion of the response. When we edit any interview, whether a politician, athlete, a movie star, we strive to be clear, accurate, and on point. The portion of her answer on 60 was much, was more succinct, which allows time for other subjects in a wide ranging 21 minute long segment.

(56m 3s):
Then amazingly, they go back to this. Remember Mr. Trump pulled out of his interview with 60 minutes and the vice president participated our longstanding invitation to former President Trump remains open. If he would like to discuss the issues facing the nation and the Harris interview, we would be happy to have him on 60 minutes just in case you had any doubt, Emily of their hackery. They begin and end with Donald Trump. Trump is the one making the accusation. No, it's most of the nation at this point who sees what you did. At least the right half And it ends with. He's the one who pulled out of his interview and if he has something he wants to say, he can say it to our face.

(56m 43s):
That's really what they did here. What do you make of it? What? Yeah. And remember 60 minutes. The reason Donald Trump pulled out of the interview is because of how terrible of a job you have done through his argument. That's the crucial part of this. He didn't just pull out of the interview, he is making an argument himself that they have done a horrible job covering his career, covering his politics since 2016. Since that Leslie Sta hatchet job like Donald Trump. It's, it's not just coming out of absolutely nowhere. They've been more favorable to Kamala Harris than they have to Donald Trump. So if you're going to throw that jab, I mean, again, I think it makes them look bad. It makes them look bitter And. it makes them look like they're doubling down on something that most people would look at and say, all right, obviously there's a problem.

(57m 28s):
We saw A, we saw B, and you're not letting us see the actual transcript itself. So we know that there's a discrepancy. You've already proven that. You've already proven one part that you aired is different than the spirit of another part that you aired. You've already proven that the editing is deceptive. So, 'cause we know you, we know what one of the answers we know, one of the answers looked differently than the other answer. So we know that there was manipulation period. And the only way to disprove this would be to release the transcript. And you won't do that. And I think maybe the bigger picture part of this is CBS and I would say a lot of other dinosaurs of corporate media, but especially those broadcast networks, are not remotely prepared for this new era of Yeah, news consumer.

(58m 10s):
They, they don't understand this generation of news consumer. They think they can get away with this by doubling down instead of losing the trust of like, actually probably millions of people around the country who are looking at this and are saying, wow, you manipulated this. There go, and by the way, people on both sides of the Israel thing who are upset about this. So there's a lot of young people who don't agree with us on these issues and are looking at CVS from the left and are upset about it. Yeah. I mean it just, I Don't blame Them. They're not, they're such dinosaurs. They think they can get away with this. They're not prepared that now everybody is used to full transcripts. Everybody wants full transcripts. They're used to it. They're used to seeing Trump on Theo Vaughn or Kamala Harris even on call her daddy, whatever this is.

(58m 53s):
They can't get away with this stuff anymore. I was saying to our team, Eliana, that, I mean of course I've been a part of countless interviews on camera of people that, and where they're pre-taped and the person goes on and on. I mean, I'll tell you a famous one with Donald Trump back in the 16 election. I said, Mr. Trump, would you gimme an an interview? And he said, sure, but do me a favor. I don't wanna be edited. 'cause it was, we had to pre-tape it. He couldn't do it when I was live on the air. And I said, I said, no, I don't agree. And he is like, I don't wanna be edited. I'm like, well, I I can't just seed the show to you. You know, we have to do an i I will edit it, but I I will make sure all of your points, you know, the substative points are included, which is what happened. And sure enough, when I sat down with Trump, all he kept saying was two things.

(59m 34s):
China, China, China, and the wall. The wall, the wall. And that's fine. We cut it down. He wanted me to have him reference those points 500 times. And in the end, it only wound up being like 15 each. Okay? So that's normal. We do that all the time in, in television. But what's not normal is to take a, a piece of the answer that is not connected to the answer that you've released as the answer and sub it in as the new answer in a way that reflects better on the candidate. And then part two is when it blows up in your face and people are accusing you of trying to help her as partisan hacks to not just say, I've got nothing to hide here.

(1h 0m 18s):
I mean, I happily released that whole transcript of Trump, China, China, China 500 times. It's, you'd be bo to tears, but you'd be thanking me for what I did there. But they, they won't, they won't even release the full transcript of this q and a Eliana, which is very strange and suggest to me they do have something to hide. So there are a lot of different angles to this. The first is about the answer itself and CBS's statement says, look, we did this for time. Well actually let me take a step back. It's interesting that they essentially address their statement to Trump.

(1h 0m 58s):
Sure they do owe Donald Trump an explanation, but they really owe an explanation to their viewers, many of whom have raised questions about this. And so I do think it's a red herring in their statement that they focus on Trump. Second, with regard to the answer to this question itself, they say, you know, we made this edit for the sake of time, which of course, you know, everybody knows that 60 minutes edits. But what is atypical here is that they teased one answer and they aired another. And that is not typical. And that is why people raised questions and became confused. And I found it striking that they don't cop to any error there. There was obviously a mistake made.

(1h 1m 41s):
I wouldn't be surprised if both clips are actually from the same answer. But it clearly somebody made a mistake here inside of CBS, I'm sure this is not how they planned for everything to go. And then they end the statement by complaining that Trump didn't grant them an interview when he doesn't owe them anything. And that was really off key to me. He does not owe CBS news a sit down. They in fact owe people an explanation for the mistake that was made here. And I do think it's important to note that this is happening against the backdrop of another scandal that's playing out at CBS, which is that the network president and the head of news called Morning News anchor Tony Dock Pill on the carpet for his interview with Tony c Coates, and then the largest shareholder of Paramount, which owns CBS News.

(1h 2m 39s):
Shari Redstone said she sided with Tony Dock bill on this. And that has been a very public scandal playing out. And so something is not right with CBS, the leadership of CBS to have these two highly public scandals playing out in the newspapers two weeks before a presidential election. Not good. Yeah, no, there's, there's definitely something very sketchy going on at CBS. They're in the midst of some sort of crisis. And I don't know, I, I guess we can assume if they say so that the a answer we got on 60 came from the actual answer to the question.

(1h 3m 22s):
But I'm not sure I'm ready to give them any benefit of the doubt. We don't know. I mean, the other thing that's odd about this is that typically it's the candidate and the interview subject that actually wants the whole transcript published. And they're saying, I was deceptively edited. That actually happened to Mike Johnson a couple of days later where he released the full tape. There was somebody on his side who had taped the whole thing that's very typical for an interview subject. They're taping the whole thing. And he did it and showed how he was edited. It's weird that there's not a peep from Harris's side. It's weird for CVS news and the Harris campaign to be taking the same position on this, which is hide the full transcript.

(1h 4m 3s):
It is bizarre to me. They're not really, she knows making the transcript. Of course, of course But. it is. She knows they're trying to protect her In these situations for the interview subject, not to be the one upset by such a thing. Yeah, That's right. Yeah. The one with Mike Johnson was on Face the Nation the day before with Yeah, with Margaret Brennan in which he went off on how the FEMA responds to Hurricane Helene has been absolutely dreadful. All cut out, cut out, cut out, cut out. I do wanna show you something. So we went back to the tease clip that had been released to Face the Nation and it's made news now because the long word salad answer on Netanyahu's not listening was removed. And something more understandable was subbed in.

(1h 4m 44s):
But they also made an edit to the first question in the exchange. The first question, setting up the Israel problem elicited a very long rambling word, solid answer two. And on that one, by the time it hit 60, they did use part of what aired on Face the Nation. But they cleaned that up too. They got rid of wind, rid of window dressing in front and I think, and of the back of it and made her sound once again cleaner. So I'm gonna try to show this to you. Let's just start with the first question that was aired on Face the Nation. Okay. The, the question would wind up the same on 60 Minutes, but the answer would change.

(1h 5m 24s):
This one hasn't gotten that much attention, but I'm just showing you each time they cleaned it up, I think, to make her look better. Here's the first question in the tease clip on Face the Nation, Does the US have no sway over Prime Minister Netanyahu? The aid that we have given Israel allowed Israel to defend itself against 200 ballistic missiles that were just meant to attack the Israelis and the people of Israel. And when we think about the threat that Hamas, Hezbollah presents Iran, I think that it is without any question, our imperative to do what we can to allow Israel to defend itself against those kinds of attacks.

(1h 6m 13s):
Now, the work that we do diplomatically with the leadership Of Israel That stays, is an ongoing pursuit around making clear our principles, which include the need for humanitarian aid, the need for this war to end, the need for a deal to be done, which would release the hostages and, and, and create a ceasefire. And we're not gonna stop in terms of putting that pressure, But it on Israel. Okay, so here's what's interesting about that to, to the point that you were just ma making about how she's also got trouble on UnHerd left Flank right with the pro-Palestinian people in Michigan.

(1h 6m 54s):
She, they, they don't like her. In fact, the latest poll showed that the vast majority of voters actually favor Trump over Harris when it comes to dealing with the Israel Gaza, Israel Hama conflict. So she's gotta worry about those left Flankers in Michigan and 60 Minutes knows that 60 Minutes wants Kamala Harris to win. Make no mistake about it. CBS News wants Kamala Harris to win. Make no mistake about it. And they're in full Meltdown right now over any challenges, as Eliana points out to the narrative that Israel's evil, uniformly evil. There aren't really two sides Tony DaCapo tried to, to Copel tried to raise with Tanah Hesi Coates, the fact that Israel's got some real defenses to the claims that they're just genocidal maniacs and they're still dealing with the full Meltdown as a result of Tony doing that.

(1h 7m 41s):
Okay, so what did 60 Minutes cut out in the version that aired on its actual show? I'll read it to you. The aid that we've given Israel allowed Israel to defend itself against 200 ballistic missiles that were just meant to attack the Israelis and the people of Israel. And when we think about the threat that Hamas, Hezbollah presents Iran, I think that is without any question, our imperative is to do what we can to allow Israel to defend itself against those kinds of attacks. All cut out from what aired on 60 what they aired was the work that we do diplomatically with leadership.

(1h 8m 23s):
The leadership of Israel is an ongoing pursuit around making clear our principles here. Watch, watch what she says. This is what made the dance in the real 60 minutes piece. Does the US have no sway over Prime Minister Netanyahu? The work that we do diplomatically with the leadership of Israel is an ongoing pursuit around making clear our principles. You can see they edited out a bunch of stuff and went with a shorter answer. And I would submit to you Eliana, that it's probably not accidental that what they, what they cleaned up was stuff that was pretty pro Israel on the front half there and then left it ambiguous so as not to offend either side.

(1h 9m 9s):
And then they do the follow up in which they get rid of all the word salad. And we've played that difference time and time again. My point is simply release the transcript. It what, what could it possibly hurt other than your reputation if you did something unethical or hers, if she sounds like an idiot, if you did nothing unethical and she sounds dumb, then there's no question that you need to release it, right? Like any journalist would say, it's not my job to make her sound smarter than she is. I I feel like it's one of those two things. Either they look unethical or she looks dumb or both.

(1h 9m 50s):
Yeah, my all, all we can do is speculate because I don't know why they're not releasing this transcript. And my speculation has to be that in negotiating with the Harris campaign for her to sit down, recall that her, when she agreed to sit down for this interview was at a point where she wasn't actually doing a lot of interviews. That's a new phenomenon for her. I have to imagine that part of the negotiation was that the network wouldn't release the transcript of the interview. That's just a guess. I don't know that, but it's so damaging to the network not to release the transcript. And their statement was frankly so nonsensical that I'm speculating that that must be the case.

(1h 10m 38s):
I just think this is so interesting that if you go back and you look at that first question, Emily, that the parts they cut out are the first part in which she clearly tries to say Israel's under attack and we need to help them. And then there's the middle anodyne indecipherable part and then there's the, the third part, which is more pro Hamas, right? She's kind of trying to split the baby there 'cause she doesn't wanna tick off the American Jews who support Israel and others who support Israel and she doesn't wanna tick off the people in Michigan. So 60 Minutes takes the least newsworthy, most boring part of the answer, the middle part there and makes that her whole answer where she just says, the work that we do diplomatically with the leadership of Israel is an ongoing pursuit around making clear our principles.

(1h 11m 27s):
That's what they did on answer one. This isn't even the controversial one. Then he, then we get to the edit that they did where they cut out all the word salad to me, it's just more evidence of how they want to help her in ways she's not capable of seeing. She needs to be helped. And I think it's also indicative of how the CBS newsroom is at war with itself and how there are other newsrooms around the country that are at war with themselves too, where you still have old school journalists who want to, who who don't care whether they help whether their journalism is helpful or not to Kamala Harris or Donald Trump. They don't, they know that's not their job. Their job is just to ask tough questions and then communicate the answers, communicate people's stances to their audience.

(1h 12m 12s):
And what's sort of unfortunate is that Bill Whitaker arguably did a better job than anyone who's interviewed Kamala Harris or moderated a debate so far at grilling her. And it's interesting, the reason I think this is the case that it speaks to this internal war that journalists are having amongst themselves is because of exactly what you said, that the teaser was different than what was aired. And we know both are likely different because the transcript won't come out from what was communicated just in the raw footage. So it's like one person or one team, one editorial team thought this was newsworthy, this was the way to tease it. Another team thought this is what should air, even though it's much less spicy or newsy And, it seems like what you have happening is different people in the newsroom, maybe some of the same people who are now complaining about the TA Hasi Coates interview influencing different decisions.

(1h 13m 9s):
And that's really the only way that I can make sense of where you would have this discrepancy at CCB s which is very obvious, it's that they can't get, like they're having an election year Meltdown, I think pretty clearly right now. Like they just cannot Yeah. Get all in on the same page because these differences and disagreements are too strong to like come To me together. Me, it's just really simple. Just release the transcript. There's no, there's no, there's zero reason not to do it. Zero reason. If everyone behaved ethically at at CBS, there is zero reason not to release it. They at least should have given an explanation. Why won't you release it? That's not in there. They're not explaining that. And so we're left to wonder, and I think we've got some good reasons to wonder.

(1h 13m 52s):
Kamala Harris was out on the campaign trail. Trump was in, you know, Pennsylvania, and we showed you some of the rally Arnold, Palmer Palmer and the McDonald's trip. And Harris went to Detroit among other places and found a brand new line of argument. I'm gonna play it for you here in saw 16, take a, no, I'm just kidding. It's, it was exactly what we've always heard from her. Here it is. South 16, This election is about two very different visions for our future. Ours focused on the future, focused on our young leaders focused on possibility, understanding the ambitions and the aspirations and the dreams of the American people, understanding like the people of Detroit, we have grit, we have excellent, we have Oh, grit and excellence.

(1h 14m 48s):
She's added grit and excellence in her defense. Now she's expanding. And this dovetails with what she said to Al Sharpton. She decided to talk to Al Sharpton and well just take a listen. So 21, Share with our viewers on what has impacted them. Yeah. And what a President Harris will do that understands what needs to go in their pocket, not the beltway language. So it's a, it's a very legitimate and important question the voters ask that we should respond to on the affirmative without waiting for the question. Right? I often go off script to tell a personal story.

(1h 15m 30s):
I, I talk about what I intend to build, which is an opportunity economy, which in large part understands the vast majority of Americans have ambition, aspirations. They do, they have an incredible work ethic. They have dreams. Oh, work ethic, but not necessarily access to the resources that allow them the opportunity to achieve their goals. So when asked this question about how will this affect my life in terms of a voter worrying about the fact that look, price of grocery still too high. I get it. They get it. And what are we doing to help them actually get through life in a way that they're not just getting by but getting ahead.

(1h 16m 12s):
We have to have specific policies that do that. And that is what I offer under what I call an opportunity economy approach. Ra raise your hand if you're missing the Arnold Palmer dick references. Sorry. Sorry. Everyone in the crowd is like, yeah, everyone the, the audience. Come on. So she says nothing. It'd be one thing if this really were message discipline and she was saying something that's important like that we all wanna hear, and these are great big plans. Even if she were saying this stuff about, I'm going to, you know, get rid of taxes on tips, you know, the the things she stole from Trump, but dreams, ambitions, aspirations. That's all we ever hear.

(1h 16m 53s):
That's it. Eliana, I maybe she'll win and we'll meet again and we'll talk about, wow, that message discipline was just amazing. That's what did it. But I don't see evidence that that's what's helping her in the polls. What's helping her in the polls is hatred of Donald Trump. That's right. She might win and if she wins, it will be because people don't like Trump. And her inability to pull away from him has been because she's struggling to offer an affirmative vision. What she's offering, and you saw it in that answer, is, I grew up a middle class kid and he's dangerous, crazy and senile.

(1h 17m 38s):
But she is, it, it's not that she's not able, it's that she's unwilling to articulate a positive vision for how she would govern the country because it, you know, she has repudiated a couple of the views, the radical left wing views that she held in 2019, but mostly her campaign simply has said nothing about them because she's risk averse. She doesn't like to make decisions and she doesn't want to anger the far left while courting the middle. And so she's just decided to do and say nothing. She says, Eliana says Emily, that Kamala Harris isn't offering anything and like there's nothing to hold onto and that's why she's struggling in the polls.

(1h 18m 24s):
The, there was a golden opportunity. I mean, she said multiple, right? The view, what would you do differently than Joe Biden Colbert, what would you do differently? Brett bear, you know, would you like another bite at the apple? And she just says, it's not a continuation of his presidency. Well, what does that mean? She says, I'm a different person. Well obviously what do you, but like how, how are you going to be different as president? And then Peter Alexander of NBC news gets her over the weekend when she was having her birthday and he asks her saying, I'm not gonna ask you how old you're turning, but you say generational change is coming. Like that's what you represent. What does that mean?

(1h 19m 7s):
And listen, listen to what happened. You have a milestone birthday on Sunday. Chivalry is not dead. I'm not gonna say what age you turn in then, but you talk about generational change. What does generational change mean to you? I think it's about a state of mind. And. it is about understanding that we should be focused on this moment. And this is a very particular moment where there is a lot happening in our country that is about innovation that are, but really new approaches to longstanding challenges. And, it, there's about a, it's a new generation of thinking as much as anything else. Oh my God, that is classic Kamala Harris. Emily, I just, just to break it down the, the number of phrases this audience is aware, the number of, I think it's about a state of mind and it's about understanding we should be focused on this moment.

(1h 19m 55s):
And this is a very particular moment where there is a lot happening in our country that is about innovation, that are about really new approaches to longstanding challenges. And there's, it's a new generation of thinking as much as anything else. What What Help the, the, the only message discipline I think that her campaign could have is to stop letting her be the messenger, like the, the message discipline that they had before and after the DNC, but especially after the DNC was them controlling it through scripted TV ads and rallies and all of that true But it every time that she has to naturally be the messenger, it's not good because she's, and I thought with the Brett Bar interview, honestly I've, I felt like she had the edge.

(1h 20m 45s):
I felt like Biden had the edge, obviously until the debate, but the wheels are coming off this campaign. And the Brett Bear interview was really evidence of that because what we're seeing right before it and right after it is more of the meme that Kamala Harris was before they decided to turn her into a brilliant generational talent. Politician as Democrats have been insisting for a while, she, this woman was a meme, she was a joke. She was a joke in Washington DC until Biden's disastrous debate performance, which is why Democrats didn't want to swap Biden out because they felt like they had no choice but to go with her. And this could have been taken from the vice presidential career she had that left her less popular by some measures than Dick Cheney.

(1h 21m 27s):
She's less popular than Dick Cheney. And that was why, this is exactly why. And they were able to control it by not putting her in front of so many different interviewers and their decision to oversaturate her and media has been an absolute disaster because she cannot cut that hasn, she cannot cut that hasn. She Might have been able to, that hasn we're, we're seeing it, it's a disaster. What she saw in her private polls is now showing up in the public polls, which I will get to in just one second. But before we leave Peter Alexander, he did ask her Eliana about her struggles with men. I mean, this is no secret. It's all over every poll, every, even the mainstream media, mainstream, whatever corporate reports it all the time, she knows it.

(1h 22m 10s):
She, you know, denial as they say, it ain't just a river here watch. So 20 Donald Trump leaves particularly among men by 16 points right now. Why is that and why do you think there is a disconnect for you with men right now? Well, let me tell you, you can look at this audience and you can see that there are people of every background and gender who are showing up by the thousands. And I think it is because they know I intend to be a president for all Americans. And that is how I'm campaigning to earn the vote of every American. Not only someone explains that, not only about their gender, but about their geographic location and, and unburdened by who they may have voted for in The past.

(1h 22m 50s):
Just to be clear though, unburdened Un Men still say by 16% margin, they're supporting Donald Trump right now. Why do you think that is? It's not the experience that I'm having to be honest with you. You think the men are on board Mean look around. There you go. It's not the experience that I'm having as if that's relevant at all. She said the same thing to Al Sharpton and I do think it would be more, probably more useful for her to acknowledge the gender gap and to have a message directed at at men. It's also odd because her campaign is directly targeting such people. They issued a, you know, I forget exactly how they put it, but they had like a platform for black men in which they said they're gonna give $20,000 loans to black men owned businesses and other, you know, blatantly unconstitutional things like that.

(1h 23m 47s):
Her campaign is absolutely trying to target these voters. And so there's, there's a disconnect in her saying, I'm not, I'm not seeing any of that. I know it's truly like look around like is that how we're gonna go? The number of men who showed up at this particular rally? Okay, great. Okay then let's, let's pretend that's real and good luck on November 5th. Well it, It's strange for her to say like, I know we're trailing and that's why we're working so hard to earn their votes by putting out these policy proposals and those policy proposed proposals, which her campaign is actually doing to try to win these voters. He stumped her by asking the follow up. Emily, he, he, to his credit, Peter Alexander of the wave hello backstage at the DNC as opposed to asking about Biden's mental acuity and her roles or walking by anyway, found his medal and actually stood up and said, no.

(1h 24m 38s):
Like, the question was what about the men? What are you, what are you gonna do about it? And her, she, you could see her, she was stumped. She paused. She didn't know what to say. That's, that's not the experience that I'm having. Look, I mean, look around. I mean, that's just dumb. That's not even a politically savvy answer. No. And this is a problem that she has had again for years is when she gets stumped. Everyone can recognize it. It's again, I, it's the third grader who didn't read the book but is giving the book report. It's stalling, it's nonsense what a lot of people call word solids. Like it just is so recognizable by people in the public. For example, when Al Sharpton in that clip you played Ask Kamala Harris about, it's a ridiculous question he should be embarrassed to ask on a media network because it was such a, a softball, but about, you know, how she'll actually make a difference to people's kind of bottom lines and pocketbooks.

(1h 25m 30s):
She started by saying, this is a really important question. It's such an important question in this moment, this particular moment. And then like after 10 minutes of meandering through her brain, she came back and tried to land the plane, right? Yeah. Dreams, yes. Grit, excellence. She tried to land the plane and come full circle without ever saying anything. And it's so obvious it really hurts her. That's why I think the best message, message, discipline and the only message discipline is for her to frankly stop talking in unscripted scenarios because she is really, really bad at this and panics and has never figured out how to answer on UnHerd toes questions that she is uncomfortable with.

(1h 26m 14s):
So it's, it's the most predictable problem her campaign was going to have. But it's mystifying to me that they went with this pedal to the metal media strategy over the last couple of weeks because people can recognize this and they really despise it because it makes them feel like Kamala Harris feels like they're stupid, like they can't see what they're seeing with their own two eyes. But of course everybody can't, She's not gonna stop. She's gonna talk to NBC tomorrow. She's reportedly, according to the Trump campaign, they, they have her schedule gonna take two days off to prepare for an interview with Halle Jackson and then she's gonna do a CNN Trump Town Hall the day after that. So we're gonna be getting a lot more that she, the only reason is because of these polls. Like she, she sees how much trouble she's in.

(1h 26m 56s):
I do wanna show you, this is yet another attempt I guess to get out there and appeal. I don't know, I guess this is more about gin up the women vote. 'cause that's their other thing they've gotta do. Women like her women are, you know, tend to be pro-choice and they are backing her double digits over Trump. And so I think this is an appeal by men to get the women voting. But you tell me she's obsessed with celebrity like all Democrats are. Look at this, All the dads out there. I would say this is the time to really show your support for your daughters. What do I love About being Girl Dad? I love how much smarter she is than all the guys in the room.

(1h 27m 37s):
Andy coming already, I can tell that she's gonna be a powerhouse. She is already at two and a Half. My daughter's 22 and a half is a feminist, incredibly strong and has really, I just inspired me in so many ways. I love her. I'm the proud dad of Ella over here. My vote for Kamala is an investment in my daughter's future. I agree. I am right there with You. When the Dobbs decision came out two plus years ago, I, I heard from Kamala right away and then the next person was Ella. She texted me right away essentially saying we need to fight. This is not just an issue for women. This is an issue for men and families and this is one of the many, many reasons why we've got to elect Congress President, Never in my lifetime did I think that we would be having to fight for this and the fight for our own bodies.

(1h 28m 27s):
And I think it's really important for the men to step up and show that they actually support us and they're willing to put things on the line to help us. Alright, Ella Emh, first of all, you want in, you're in you're fair game now. You wanna come out there and make statements like that. Let's go. You're fair game. There's no more hands off 'cause she's a daughter. You, that's, that only applies to people like Baron Trump who don't actually go out there and take political positions that are a saleable. Secondly, Andy Cohen standing up and saying his two and a half year old daughter is already the smartest person in the room, just proves that he is the only person who ever spends time with his two and a half year old daughter. He's the only one in the room.

(1h 29m 9s):
It's just him and the daughter. So it could be true. This is ridiculous. To whom exactly does this appeal? These two like feet men saying like, oh, my daughter, she's a feminist. My two year old's a feminist and my 22 year old's a feminist and they're definitely voting Harris Walls. First of all, Megan. Yeah, the only reason that I agree to be friends with Eliana is because we both love the Housewives. So this is a tough You have to appreciate is in that lane separately. Separately. That's that's fair. Okay, I'll I'll separate It. I I can relate to you fully.

(1h 29m 50s):
I mean that hasn, there's never been a better show than the Real Housewives of Miami. The reboot, I'm sorry, it's number one. That's a hot take. Oh my gosh. Yeah, It's amazing. It's so good. They're all amazing. So, but I, and I, it's, I'm not saying Andy Cohen has done no good in his life. I appreciate that professional product of his, but his hot political takes are entirely unnecessary. And Unfactual Go ahead Eliana. Look, not, I'm not like the authority on, on gender issues or anything, but that when I saw that ad it that strikes me as an ad that will motivate women. It didn't really strike me as an ad that would motivate men to get to the polls for, for whatever reason.

(1h 30m 36s):
I'm not sure I can quite explain why But, it just did not strike me as an ad geared at, geared at men. Well that's Isn't that an ad or is it just a an I mean they are pushing it online. That's something. Whatever it is. I don't, I I don't know either. But like who sits around and says Ben Stiller and Andy Cohen will be the answer to our problems. That's who we really need. Yeah. I like isn't she trying to get Republicans who are Nikki Haer Haley voters. Isn't that the key to her? Right? Like where's your, where NFL player coming to, you know, sit down on the couch with a beer and tell the men to like get off their butts and go vote for Kamala?

(1h 31m 16s):
They did have some guy here. Yeah, go ahead Emily. Well I was gonna say instead they actually had Obama kind of talking down and, and calling black men sexist for being hesitant about Kamala Harris. They're really doing the opposite. There Was some athlete who did come out with a profane clip about, I can't remember what sport he played. Oh, we have it. Okay. Yeah. Stop 50 Dave Batista former wrestler. Like they, they went a different way with this one. Fellas, we gotta talk. A lot of men seem to think Donald Trump is some kind of tough guy. He's not. I mean, look at him. He wears more makeup than Dolly Parton wine's like a baby.

(1h 31m 56s):
The guy's afraid of birds. Donald Trump had his daddy pay a doctor say his will feet hurt so he could dodge the draft. Look at that gut like a garbage bag full of buttermilk. I mean look how he drinks water. Alright, you get the point Like a little pink. So they made an effort there. I mean, better, Better, better be. Yeah. Better than Ben Stiller for sure. But that's a low bar. Much better. But that's also from a comedy show. It's not even the campaign. I mean they like the, the campaign doesn't have the acumen that someone without much political acumen Jimmy Kimmel and his writers have.

(1h 32m 40s):
That's true. No, you're exactly right. I wait now I gotta take a quick break and, and when we come back I gotta mention these polls and hopefully I'll have enough time to get to Lizzo.

(1h 32m 49s):
Standby four years of crushing interest rates, runaway inflation and reckless government spending. And who is paying the price? You are. That's who you might have bills stacking up debt collectors on your back and you might be barely able to keep food on the table. While done with Debt can be a way out, they have developed new aggressive strategies designed to get you out of debt permanently without bankruptcy and without loans. Done with Debt stands between you and your bill collectors. They can go head-to-head. With these persistent creditors getting balances reduced, interest rates slashed and even penalties stopped, they create a plan to end your debt fast and put more cash in your pocket every month. And right now, done with Debt is accepting new clients. But you need to act fast because some credit relief programs expire before you even make another payment. Consider a visit to done with Debt dot com or just call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54 right now speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Go to done with Debt dot com. That's done with Debt dot com.

(1h 33m 50s):
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(1h 34m 40s):
I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app that hasn ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.

(1h 35m 43s):
There is a poll that was the most accurate poll of 2020 in the presidential election And. it is by Atlas Intel per Nate Silver who said this was the most accurate poll in all of 2020 and they have just dropped a poll of likely voters margin of error 2% in the two Ray race. two-Way race between Trump and Harris. They have Trump up 2.7 percentage points in the full field, which includes the third parties like Jill Stein, Cornell West. They have Trump up 3.4 percentage points looking at independence.

(1h 36m 26s):
They have Trump up nine and listen to this looking at racial breakdowns among black voters. They have Harris at 67 and Trump at 32. 32. Now most people will tell you it is a pipe dream to suggest that the Republican candidate even Trump could get 32% of the black vote. But that is what the most accurate poll in 2020 is now saying is the current state of the race and with Hispanic voters, Harris is at 53. Trump is at 44, which is a very hefty share of that vote for a Republican.

(1h 37m 6s):
They've got Trump up three in Michigan, Trump up three in Pennsylvania, Trump up two in Georgia, Trump up 0.6 in Arizona. Trump up 0.3 in Nevada Harris up two in North Carolina Harris up one in Wisconsin. Again, all of those are within the margin error of error. All of those that I just read except for the overall two-way in the overall full field, which are outside of their margin of error showing Trump winning.

(1h 37m 47s):
I would suggest to you this is why she's everywhere. This is why she did Fox News. This is why she's going to do NBC. This is why she's going to do a CNN town hall. They're in a panic that she's gonna lose this race. Emily, This is a nightmare scenario for Democrats. This is exactly what they feared before Joe Biden dropped out of the race. And what's also interesting here is if the poll, if if the Atlas Intel poll has these numbers where they are right now today or whenever this poll came out, they're trending in the wrong direction for her in the last month ahead of the election.

(1h 38m 27s):
So by the time we actually get to election day, if they are not able to reverse course, that is to say her numbers have gone down as they have experimented with the strategy of oversaturating the media. So if they double down on that strategy, it's very unlikely that she's able to reverse course because if anything her appearances seem to be getting worse and worse. I don't know if it's the exhaustion of the campaign or a panic over where the numbers are. I don't know over how close close the races of the race is or just her natural ability has always lacked. I don't know. But if it continues this way, the numbers could get worse and worse for her by the time we're on election day.

(1h 39m 8s):
They could be outside of the margin of error on election day. That said, one final thought, this is Eliana and I were talking in the kind of virtual green room before we went on air about how quickly we'll know the results of the election. If you're someone who's really sick of election news and you just wanna move on from it, imagine what's going to happen on election day and election night. If this is an accurate snapshot of where voters are, these are going to be haggled over for days and weeks. The if, if the margins are as slim as they're looking right now You saw Arnon Michigan who runs the Fox decision desk. I've worked with him for years given an interview to Politico saying maybe five days after election day we'll know maybe.

(1h 39m 50s):
And they, and said that's, you may not remember but that's actually when we knew the last time too. Arizona was of course in contention and so on. But that's fine by me. I can, I can wait. I'd rather know an election night. But I mean five days is okay. Five weeks is a different story. You know, Eliana, this reminds me, I think I've told a story before, but I tried a jury trial when I was a lawyer and we had a star witness on our side and he was, the whole case revolves around whether this guy was believed by the jury. If he was not believed we were gonna lose, if he was believed we were gonna win. And the judge in trying to make us settle the case, 'cause they always want you to settle it instead of go all the way to trial or to to verdict, said, is he a good witness to me and my co-counsel?

(1h 40m 38s):
And he was accurately zooming in on our biggest weakness, which was this guy was, I believe a truth teller, but he wasn't likable. And so time in front of the jury with this witness was not going to help us in our whole case revolved around this witness. Guess what? The verdict went against us. We got it reversed on appeal, but the judge was onto something. The quality of your main witness can make or break your case and they are having a problem with the quality of Kamala Harris. So that's the problem. Eliana, she is no star witness and more time with Kamala Harris I would submit is not the answer to their problem.

(1h 41m 22s):
I I just go back to she, she's obviously struggling to close the deal. I read it the same way that you and Emily did when she suddenly started doing interviews. And it's a problem for the campaign that she suddenly started doing them a month out from the election and you can kind of see the rust in the hinges. It they, they clearly made the decision to put her out there because they wanted to shake things up and they were worried that the race was too close for comfort for them. So I think the Harris campaign does feel uncomfortable about the state of the race right now. Look, they don't know. The Trump campaign doesn't know. None of these pollsters know, like nobody knows nothing is the truth.

(1h 42m 5s):
That's true. But but they're certainly, they feel that based on what they're seeing, this is just way too close for comfort. And they thought we gotta do something differently. We're gonna put her out there. The problem for them is nobody watches a Kamala Harris interview and comes away thinking she really crushed that. I think they come away thinking, okay, she, she got through it, she didn't hurt herself. Certainly I think that's the way people felt about the Brett Bear interview where, you know, folks on the right thought it was a catastrophe. But folks on the left thought, okay, she sort of muddled her way through it. Yeah.

(1h 42m 45s):
But her fundamental problem is the failure to offer a positive policy vision or give people a sense of what she'd do well in office. And so when you, I think there was a great LA Times piece this morning talking to independent voters and people are saying, well I don't like Trump, but things were actually sort of okay when he was president and I have no idea what she's gonna do. That was sort of the, the, that was basically the theme in this article. And I think that's where a lot of independents are stuck. They don't need to like her, you just need to have a sense of what she's gonna do. And she's, she's unwilling to articulate that Unwilling. I put a pin in that comment about independent voters 'cause there's more on that in the Atlas poll that I wanted to talk to you about.

(1h 43m 27s):
But you mentioned the Brett Bearer interview. It was pilloried by Saturday Night Live, which brought back Alec Baldwin to play Brett Bearer and here was their take on how it went. Now when I interviewed President Trump, my first question was, what do you think is the most important issue facing our nation? So my first question for you is, gimme the exact number of murderers you let loose in this country. Well Brett, I'm Glad you brought up the topic of immigration. A Million, 2 million. Okay. The first thing we did in office was to introduce a bill 10 million. Gimme a number Brett. We came up with a bipartisan Bill but did have a number though. May I please finish? I'm asking you to Well then you have to listen. Well, I Can't because I'm talking.

(1h 44m 8s):
Well, When will You stop and maybe when I go to bed. Okay. Madam Vice president, are you here to answer questions? You're just looking for a viral moment. Oh, please. I am not looking for a viral moment. See how I don't let men interrupt my answers? Very demure, very mindful. You know, if you played out the Brett Bearer interview of Donald Trump, you would've seen him interrupt Trump 20 times. I guess that escaped their notice. I don't know. What did you think? I mean, it is just, you're making fun of a journalist for asking questions. Like, good one. You got it. I thought this was from the defenders of the free press.

(1h 44m 50s):
Here you have a, a journalist doing an aggressive, but an I think appropriately aggressive interview of a political candidate who hasn't faced a lot of tough tech questions. And who by the way, is the sitting vice president for an administration that has overseen a, his, a historic and unprecedented influx of migrants into the country that is front of center for just about every single voter. And you know, it's, it is like, is that really funny? Is that the fodder for the comedy there? I don't, I I don't know that the rest of the country saw that. Exactly. Like Brett Bear being an aggressive journalist as a punchline. And I have no idea why they brought Alec Baldwin back. Really not worth it. I hope they didn't pay him anything for that, That that reminded me of another moment in the, in the B Brett Bear interview that stuck out to me where he was asking her for the first time of, of any journalist about her coverup of biden's mental acuity problems and her response was Donald Trump.

(1h 45m 44s):
Donald Trump. And he said, I'm asking about you and you know what you knew. And she said, Donald Trump is running for president. He's the one running for president. And I was dying for Brett to say, Joe Biden is the president right now. Right? He's the president At this moment. Alright, Eliana, this brings me back to the working class. So in this poll that we just went through, they took a look at how things are going with the working class, this Atlas Intel poll, and it's not going well for Kamala Harris. They put Trump with a 17 point advantage nationally with the working class voter.

(1h 46m 25s):
She has the advantage with college educated, but it's 57 to 40 and there is an advantage for her, or sorry for him in Michigan as well in those, those rust belt states with the working class, the Washington Post just reported the other day, Harris is drawing strong support among the college, educated in suburban areas of Detroit. But to prevail in Michigan, she faces pressure to bolster her backing among union workers. And they talk about how she is struggling more with the blue collar voted voters that are more leaning Trump. Okay, so someone I guess thought the solution to this problem might be Lizzo, the, the singer because she was born in Detroit.

(1h 47m 17s):
I don't know whether she was raised in Detroit. All I saw was that she was born in Detroit and somebody didn't give the message to Lizzo that all we want you to do is come here and read this script we wrote for you where you're talking about how great Detroit is. That's it. We don't want you to po you don't need to help us by improving on your way here or your way out at the airport. This is a note to the campaign staff. You really gotta cross every t with these celebrities. 'cause sometimes they go rogue. So here is Lizzo on UnHerd way to Detroit with her own message. This Is how a bad bitch saves democracy.

(1h 47m 57s):
You couldn't even spell democracy. This is how a bad bitch saves democracy. You ho couldn't even spell democracy as she boards her private jet in an all white pants suit. Thoughts on that resonating with the auto union workers in Detroit, Eliana. I mean, look, the one major shift that we've seen since Trump arrived on the scene in 2015 is the education gap between the parties just continue to rise where voters without a college degree are migrating into the Republican camp.

(1h 48m 44s):
And you mentioned the African American and Latino numbers in this Atlas poll that inclu, so that includes minority voters. And the Democratic party since then has increasingly become the parties of the MDs, jds and PhDs as well as the party of, you know, the bas and the abs, whatever, people with college degrees. You lost us. And I think yeah, that, that is, that is who Lizzo was speaking to. All right. Like the, the college educated female voters who are Harris base, Like Yeah, those Trump losers can't spell spell democracy Harris' base.

(1h 49m 25s):
Oh wow. That's, she's gonna really have to rethink that, that there should be a sternly written letter from Team Harris to Lizzo Emily on Could you just not help, just, just help in only the ways we ask please. It's going to be in the sort of collection of fight song type artifacts. We reflect on if Kamala Harris loses the election. Because I mean, it actually reminds me of something I meant to say when we were talking about that video earlier of Andy Cohen, Ben Stiller and Ella Emh about Emh h wearing that ridiculous camo Harris Waltz hat, which, you know, I was at the Trump rally in Butler covering it a couple of weeks ago looking around. I was talking to one guy, felt like, you know, being in Wisconsin at home with my family, this guy had a faded masi hat on.

(1h 50m 11s):
He was wearing old Carhartts non ironically, and there were a whole lot of other people in the crowd dressed like him. And I just became like offended on their behalf by all of the dumb Gen Z like kids I saw roaming around the DNC and those stupid Harris Waltz hats like their fashion statements because they have no respect for the people who actually wear those, that they are, you know, trying to look like they're cool because they can keep up with them like it is. So it, they just like truly have no understanding of no respect for any of those people because of the, the, the binary that Liz just said there. This is about saving democracy. Saving democracy.

(1h 50m 52s):
Oh, okay. So you're saying fundamentally, if you don't vote for Kamala Harris, you are destroying democracy as we know it in the United States. Take the damn hat off. Stop pretending like Tim Walls can hunt or Tim Walls knows that it like, is like popular with people who can hunt. It's just so, so obnoxious. They can't do both at the same time. And the people are smart enough to see that It's true. It's cosplaying. You know, the putting on the camo and acting like you know anything about how true Trump voters working class people, hunters for that matter, live what's important to them. You're pretending and they, they know, they, they know all of that. Alright, I'll leave it at that. Ladies, such a pleasure.

(1h 51m 33s):
I believe you can spell democracy and Lizzo is mistaken and I appreciate you for coming on with those big brains and joining us here. Thank you Megan. All right. To be continued until the next time. And don't forget you guys go to m Kelly dot com and there you'll be able to sign up for our once a week email and we just added some fun behind the scenes pictures from the Al Smith dinner that Kamala Harris did not bother to show up at or did she wait until you see the picture we just posted. m Kelly dot com. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda.

(1h 52m 16s):
And no fear.

(1h 52m 30s):
There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM sports book. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team shit, hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.