
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Thursday, April 24th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. So I think it's gonna work out very well, but no, it's at 145%. There will not be anywhere near that number. President Trump making news on his tariff policy toward China, And we're trying to remove these public safety threats, national security threats as quick as possible. They're putting every roadblock in mass in front of us to prevent us from doing that Border are Tom Holman unleashing on activist groups, trying to prevent President Trump from deporting criminal illegal aliens and President Trump considering increasing taxes on the wealthy in his so-called big, beautiful tax bill.


All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update As President Trump is settling into his new administration, one of the top Democrats in Congress aiming to undermine the Trump agenda is Democrat Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois.


And according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition, Senator Durbin has a new plan, a government takeover of your credit card. Today, Americans have thousands of choices in credit cards, but they say Senator Durbin's plan will result in less competition and less security, which means more risk for your credit and your identity. You can learn more for yourself@guardyourcard.org, and you could consider telling your senators to stop Dick Durbin's government takeover of your credit card before it's too late.


The Trump administration offering to deescalate its tariff war with China weighing a dramatic restructuring of our tariffs on Chinese imports. According to the Wall Street Journal, president Trump is considering lowering tariffs on Chinese goods to 50 or 65%. Currently they're at 145%. He also may impose a tiered system, 35% levies on goods, not considered a threat to national security, and at least 100% for goods that do pose that threat. The journal noting the president has yet to make a final decision on Tuesday. President Trump's signaling openness to working nicely with the Chinese, making clear neither the previous setup nor the current status quo will stand.


I'm not gonna say, oh, I'm gonna play hardball with China. I'm gonna play hardball with you, president Xi. No, no, we're gonna be very nice. They're gonna be very nice and we'll see what happens. But ultimately they have to make a deal because otherwise they're not gonna be able to deal in the United States. So we want them involved, but they have to, and other countries have to make a deal. 145% is very high and it won't be that high. It's not gonna be that high. And what level do you think it'll come down to? If you have, it'll come down substantially, but it won't be zero. It used to be zero. We were just destroyed. China was taking us for a ride and just not gonna have, it's not gonna happen.


So I think it's gonna work out very well, but no, it's at 145%. There will not be anywhere near that number. President Trump reportedly looking to speak with Chinese president Xi Jinping directly. An idea the Chinese are resisting without an agreed upon framework. On Wednesday, president Xi telling reporters quote, tariff wars and trade wars harm the legitimate rights and interests of all countries. A spokesperson for the Chinese foreign ministry later doubling down, telling reporters the US must quote, stop its threats and coercion and engage with China on the basis of equality, mutual respect and reciprocity. Treasury Secretary Scott Besson speaking on Wednesday at the International Finance Forum, arguing China has more to lose and gain from a deal rebalancing their export heavy economy.


China in particular, is in need of a rebalancing. China's economic system with growth driven by manufacturing exports will continue to create even more serious imbalances with its trading partners if the status quo is allowed to continue. China's current economic model is built on exporting its way out of its economic troubles. It's an unsustainable model that is not only harming China, but the entire world China needs to change. The country knows it needs to change. Everyone knows it needs to change, And we want to help it change because we need rebalancing too.


On Wednesday, markets reacting positively, the Dow Jones rising by 419 points, the s and p gaining 88 points and the NASDAQ rising by 407 points coming up. Could President Trump be about to increase taxes on the wealthy? And borders are Tom Holman slams activist groups for intervening in the Trump administration's mass deportation


effort. Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just the beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement and every day you wait might make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, you don't wanna mess around. Okay? The good news is there's still time for tax Network U S A to help self-employed or a business owner, even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network U S A specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free, and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. You may have missed April 15th, but you haven't run out of options. Let tax network U S A help before the IRS makes the next move


In a possible break from traditional Republican orthodoxy. President Trump reportedly considering raising taxes on the wealthy, which means small business owners and job creators, Fox News digital reporting, white House aids are quietly floating a proposal to house Republicans that would raise the tax rate to 40% for Americans making more than $1 million. The current highest bracket set at 37% for those making 609,000 or more. The proposal comes as lawmakers work with the White House on an ambitious so-called big, beautiful tax bill aiming to slash federal spending and make the 2017 Trump tax cuts permanent while adding in additional cuts like no taxes on tips on overtime or on Social security.


Pennsylvania, Republican Dan Meuser telling Fox a new tax bracket could generate significant revenue By bringing it from the 37 as we're redoing the tax plan to perhaps 38.6, right? It would still be 1% less than it was before. So if you were to bring it up at one point, it brings about $15 billion in revenues. Trump advisor and senior counselor in the first Trump administration, Steve Bannon telling the Megan Kelly show on Tuesday, it's an easy political win against Democrats. If you look at the tax bill, everything everybody's talking about is President Trump is open to, and I think you're gonna be shocked to see that President Trump is not gonna allow a snapback at the upper bracket.


In fact, I think you'll create a million dollar bracket and that bracket will be at 40%. He will actually tax the wealthy in this entire tax plan. Something that Schumer and, and, and, and Pelosi and Biden didn't do in the first a hundred days when they had everything in 2021, they talked about it. It didn't even come at a committee. President Trump will do it. Not all Republicans on board. However, some GOP lawmakers expressing stern opposition, I'm not gonna vote for that. I've, I've never met a tax break I didn't like. We need to look at going in and trying to find policies to spur the economy to move things forward. And you don't do that by raising taxes. Former house speaker New Gingrich on Tuesday, posting a screenshot of a note on X, he says is from President Trump.


It reads in part quote, George Bush said, read my lips, no new taxes then proceeded to give a rather small tax increase and was obliterated. If you can do without it, you're probably better off trying to do so. The speaker did not specify when that note was written. Though the message echoes President Trump's consistent warnings on the campaign trail. If Democrats win, taxes will go up. Republican lawmakers aiming to release the tax package in May. Borders are Tom Holman Wednesday on Fox slamming activist groups for launching what he calls a coordinated legal campaign to obstruct the Trump administration's mass deportation efforts. Well, here's what they're doing though.


Here's the plan. The Biden administration overwhelmed the system. 10.5 million people came to the border, they know it's gonna take years to get through the court docket. By then they're hoping there's another democratic administration in, they'll have US citizen children. Then all of a sudden nobody wants 'em removed. When they detain 'em, they get a hearing in 35 days, they release them. Now it's gonna take five to seven years. They're gonna keep playing this game through the immigration court to appeal after appeal after appeal, district judge, district judge to slow us down because their hopes is they'll gain power again. Then they can warrant amnesty to 10 million illegal illegal ambulances that released in this country illegal. That is your plan. We're trying to remove these public safety threats, national security threats as quick as possible. They're putting every roadblock immeasurable in front of us to prevent us from doing that.


The Trump administration is confronting a growing series of legal roadblocks from federal courts across the country. Challenges critics say, undermine the executive branch's constitutional authority to enforce immigration law. Late Friday night, the US Supreme Court issued an order temporarily stopping the president from deporting anyone under the Alien Enemies Act, at least until the courts can decide the underlying case in which detainees are challenging the use of that act against them. Shortly thereafter, courts in Colorado and New York halted the administration's use of the act in cases before them. In New York, a Clinton appointed judge blocked the deportation of eight Venezuelans in Colorado, a Biden appointed judge blocking deportations under the act and adding that all affected.


Detainees must receive 21 days notice before any removal and must be informed of their right to challenge their deportation. The latest rulings come amid the ongoing legal battle over Kmar Abrego Garcia and El Salvador and National with confirmed ties to MS 13 currently in custody in his home country. Despite a documented history of domestic abuse, two immigration judges affirming his gang affiliation and a valid deportation order. Democratic lawmakers making Garcia a central figure in their fight against the Trump administration, framing the case as a due process issue with implications for all Americans. Marilyn, Senator Chris Van Holland making that argument Sunday on a BC following his visit to Mr.


Abrigo Garcia in El Salvador. I am not defending the man. I'm defending the rights of this man to due process. My mission and my purpose is to make sure that we uphold the rule of law because if we take it away for from him, we do jeopardize it for everybody else. On Sunday for progressive lawmakers, Congressman Robert Garcia of California, Maxwell Frost of Florida, Yasin Ansari of Arizona, and Maxine Dexter of Oregon, arriving in El Salvador on an unofficial visit to advocate for Mr. Abrego Garcia House Overside chair James Comer, denying the use of taxpayer funds preventing the visit from being recognized as an official congressional delegation.


The Salvadoran government citing the unofficial status of the trip blocking the lawmakers from meeting with Garcia. Still the group vowed that democratic pressure on the Trump administration will continue. I am here with my colleagues to demand that Donald Trump facilitate the safe return home for Mr. Kmar Abrego Garcia. And We wanna be just very clear that he needs to come home. This is about due process. We're not gonna be the last members of Congress and senators that are here to make sure that he's released and that our country is following our laws. Republican congressman from Pennsylvania, guy LER on Tuesday telling Fox Democrats are doing Republicans a favor. Well, I hope more Democrats continue to stand up for MS 13 gagging members politically.


This is incredible for us. You know, it's really rich. These are the same politicians that during the State of the Union wouldn't stand up, wouldn't applaud for angel mothers, and then they turn around and they want to defend an MS 13 gang member. It, it's quite amazing. So I, I personally like the juxtaposition of where the Republicans are on this issue and where the Democrats are. Elon Musk telling Tesla investors on Tuesday, he plans to scale back on his role in the Department of Government efficiency to focus more on the car company, Starting probably next month in May. My time allocation at do will drop significantly. I'll, I'll have to continue doing it for the remainder of the president's term just to make sure that the waste and fraud that we stop does not come roaring back.


So I think I'll, I'll continue to spend a day or two per week on government matters for as long as the president would like me to do so. And as long as it is useful, starting next month, I'll be allocating far more of my time to Tesla. The announcement comes in the wake of a poor Q1 earnings report, profits falling by 71% compared to the same time last year. The stock price down 50% overall from its December peak, the electric car company targeted by left wing activists in a nationwide Tesla takedown campaign designed to punish Mr. Musk for working with the Trump administration. More than 50 incidents reported against Tesla vehicles and facilities since January, ranging from vandalism to arson authorities arresting at least nine suspects in connection with the violence so far.


Mr. Musk standing by his government work telling investors the US is facing an existential crisis. I believe the right thing to do is to justify the waste of fraud and get the country back on the right track and working together with the President Trump and his administration Because of further Ship of America goes down, we all go down with it, including Tesla and everyone else. The announcement reassuring investors, Tesla stock rising about 5% on Wednesday following Musk's remarks, despite Musk stepping back do's work in the Trump administration will continue. And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one eleven@noeaonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.