
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Wednesday, March 5th, 2025, and this is your AM update. And to my fellow Citizens America is back. President Trump's joint address to Congress celebrates his ferocious pace of actions. In just the first six weeks of his presidency, Republicans were raucous Democrats, not exactly. If he wants to destroy our economy and our families, I will shut down the electricity going down to the US President Trump may dial back. Tariffs following a forceful response from the Canadians and Attorney General. Pam Bondy finally gets her hands on the rest of the Epstein files.


Maybe all that and more coming up in just a moment. On your AM update,


Let's talk about that car you own, but don't use the one you're paying to keep registered and insured. That's just taking up space out front. It's just sitting there doing no one any good. But you do have a choice. You can give cars for kids. That's cars with a k, a call and have them take care of it for you. Just give them the info and they will come to you as soon as the next day and take that car off your hands at no cost to you. Even better, they will turn that car into funds to help kids. So visit cars for kids.org/ MK. That's cars with a K, and then the number four to donate. Or just call cars for kids directly at 1 8, 7, 7 cars, four kids and they will get that car picked up quickly. Plus you need to get a tax deduction and a vacation voucher. You can get both of those with this donation. They've been around for over 30 years and they have done this a million times. They can help you through this very simple call now or head on over to cars for kids.org/ MK right now to get this done. Cars, the numeral four kids.org/ MK cars the K


President Trump delivering a joint address to Congress touting the success of his administration's wide ranging actions since taking office less than two months ago, billions of dollars in new investments. Illegal border crossings plummeting to historic lows, the unleashing of American energy and President Trump announcing President Zelensky sent him a letter saying Ukraine is ready to sign the minerals agreement. Today I received an important letter from President Zelensky of Ukraine. The letter reads, Ukraine is ready to come to the negotiating table as soon as possible to bring lasting peace closer. Nobody wants peace more than the Ukrainians.


He said. I appreciate that he sent this letter. It's time to stop this madness. It's time to halt the killing. It's time to end the senseless war. The defining moment of the night Democrat opposition to just about everything. Within moments, an unprecedented outburst from Dems booing and jeering as President Trump highlighted his electoral victory, Texas Congressman Al Green shouting and waving his cane from his chair. Speaker Mike Johnson quickly squashing the outburst, Finding that members continued to engage in willful and concerted disruption of property decorum. The chair now directs the sergeant at Arms to Restore order.


Remove this gentleman from the chamber. In 2009, South Carolina, Congressman Republican Joe Wilson was widely condemned by members of both parties for shouting, you lie to President Obama in his first joint address, President Trump replying to the pandemonium saying he could find a cure to a devastating disease or stop all crime and the Democrats would not stand and cheer to which the Democrats responded by scowling from their seats. Many of the Democrat congresswomen dressed in pink and homage to the pink hats that defined the leftist women's March formed to protest the first Trump administration. Early on in his remarks, President Trump giving a special shoutout to former high school volleyball player Peyton McNabb, He smashed the ball so hard in Peyton's face causing traumatic brain injury, partially paralyzing her right side and ending her athletic career.


It was a shot like she's never seen before. She's never seen anything like it. Peyton is here tonight in the gallery and Peyton from now on, schools will kick the men off the girls team or they will lose all federal funding. President Trump calling participation of biological males in female sports demeaning to women saying we're not going to put up with it any longer. Calling it part of his common sense revolution. On Monday, Democrats blocked the vote on the protection of Women and Girls in Sports Act. The bill would've banned biological males from competing in female sports. President Trump highlighting the massive amounts of waste, fraud, and abuse discovered by Elon Musk and the Doge team.


$40 million to improve the social and economic inclusion of sedentary migrants. Nobody knows what that is. Nobody Knows that $8 million to promote lgbtq i plus in the African nation of Le Suto, which nobody has ever heard of, $60 million for indigenous peoples and Afro Colombian empowerment in Central America. Elon receiving massive booze from the Democrats, many of whom held tiny little signs. Reading Musk steals President Trump taking the fight right back to his detractors, calling on Congress to pass tax cuts for everyone.


They're waiting for you to vote. And I'm sure that the people on my right, I don't mean the Republican right, but my right, right here, I'm sure you're gonna vote for those tax cuts because otherwise I don't believe the people will ever vote you into office. So I'm doing a big favor by telling you that, but I know this group is gonna be voting for the tax. Mr. Trump highlighting the first and so far only legislative achievement of his second term, the Laken Riley Act, the President acknowledging the presence of Allison and Lauren Phillips, the mother and sister of Laken Riley Laken was murdered by an illegal immigrant led into the country by the Biden administration Last year I told Lakin's grieving parents that we would ensure their daughter would not have died in vain.


That's why the very first bill I signed into law as your 47th president mandates the detention of all dangerous criminal aliens who threaten public safety. It's called the Lakin Riley Act. So Allison and Lauren America will never ever forget our beautiful Lakin. Hope. Riley Lakin's mother mouthing thank you to the president. The Dems did not stand in an emotional moment. President Trump acknowledging another guest, Alexis Nagare, mother of 12-year-old Jocelyn who was sexually assaulted and murdered by two illegal immigrants.


Her body left in a creek. One thing I have learned about Jocelyn is that she loved animals so much. She loved nature. Across Galveston Bay from where Jocelyn lived in Houston, you'll find a magnificent national wildlife refuge, a pristine, peaceful 34,000 acre sanctuary for all of God's creatures on the edge of the Gulf of America. Alexis moments ago I formally renamed that refuge in Loving Memory of your beautiful daughter, Jocelyn Stephen Miller, posting on X, they meaning Democrats didn't stand for Jocelyn.


It was a theme we saw throughout the night. They sat even when a 13-year-old boy with cancer was honored. President Trump turning to foreign policy, sending a message to Greenland. And if you choose, we welcome you into the United States of America. We need Greenland for national security and even international security and we're working with everybody involved to try and get it, but we need it really for international world security and I think we're gonna get it one way or the other. We're gonna get it. Mr. Trump saying Greenland is vital to us national security interests. Prior to the speech the President's staff teased many surprises. One big one, the announcement of the capture of the terrorist who planned the 2021 Abbey Gate suicide bombing in Afghanistan.


Tonight I am pleased to announce that we have just apprehended the top terrorist responsible for that atrocity and he is right now on his way here to face the swift sword of American justice. The Dems remained seated. 13 service members were killed and dozens horrifically wounded in the explosion amid the chaotic withdrawal from Afghanistan. Last week, the President instructed the Secretary of Defense to investigate the withdrawal and deliver accountability to the general's responsible for botching it. President Trump winding down his speech with a bold vision for America, promising the freest and most dominant civilization on the face of the earth with the highest quality of life, My fellow Americans get ready for an incredible future because the golden age of America has only just begun.


It will be like nothing that has ever been seen before. Thank you. God bless you and God bless America. Coming up Canada threatens to escalate measures in the tariff wars and the latest on the Epstein files. In just a moment,


Four years of crushing interest rates, runaway inflation and reckless government spending. And who is paying the price? You are. You might have bills stacking up, you might have debt collectors on your back. You might barely be able to keep food on the table and that's stressful. Done with Debt can be a way out. These guys have developed a new aggressive strategy, many of them actually designed to get you out of debt permanently without bankruptcy and without loans. Done with Debt will stand between you and your bill collectors. They can go head-to-head with the creditors. Getting your balances reduced, your interest rates slashed and penalties stopped. They create a plan to end your debt fast and put more cash in your pocket every month. And right now, Done with Debt is accepting new clients. But you need to act fast. Some of these credit relief programs expire before you make another payment. Consider a visit to Done with Debt dot com or call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54 right now. Speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


President Trump doubling down on his commitments to those tariffs on Canada and Mexico. They've Allowed Fentanyl to come into our country at levels never seen before, killing hundreds of thousands of our citizens and they are in effect receiving subsidies of hundreds of billions of dollars. And the United States will not be doing that any longer. We're not gonna do it any longer Though. Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick told Fox Business earlier in the day, President Trump may be willing to compromise on a lower rate. I think he's gonna work something out with them. It's not gonna be a pause, none of that pause stuff, but I think he's going to figure out you do more and I'll meet you in the middle some way and we're gonna probably be announcing that tomorrow.


So somewhere in the middle will likely be the outcome. The President moving with the Canadians and Mexicans, but not all the way. This comes after the Canadians forceful response to the 25% tariffs that went into effect on Tuesday. Prime Minister Justin Trudeau, who has resigned as head of his party and will be replaced when Canada holds an election appealing to US citizens yesterday morning. We don't want this. We want to work with you as a friend and ally and we don't wanna see you hurt either, but your government has chosen to do this to you. They've chosen to sabotage their own agenda that was supposed to usher in a new golden age for the United States.


And they've chosen to undermine the incredible work we've done together to tackle the scourge that is fentanyl. A drug that must be wiped from the face of the earth. Mr. Trudeau warning the US that Canada is prepared to up the ante And should these tariffs not cease. We are in active and ongoing discussions with provinces and territories to pursue several non tariff measures. Measures which will demonstrate that there are no winners in a trade war. Ontario Premier Doug Ford telling NBC news, he's willing to cut off American electricity. I'm going after absolutely everything and I don't want to, we we keep the lights on the 1.5 million homes in manufacturing in New York, in Michigan and in Minnesota.


If he wants to destroy our economy and our families, I will shut down the electricity going down to the US and I I'm, I'm telling you, we will do it. Mr. Ford promising to direct energy producers to shut down energy exports to the US entirely. If Mr. Trump goes forward with his planned reciprocal tariffs on April 2nd, that's an additional set of tariffs on top of the 25% that went into effect yesterday. In the meantime, Mr. Ford says Ontario is slapping a 25% electricity export tax President Trump justifying the tariffs on the basis of a national emergency. He says related to fentanyl on Monday, he told reporters Canada would have to start building their cars in the United States.


The Trump administration has yet to name any specific steps Canada or Mexico could take to have these tariffs removed. Canada's economy is heavily dependent on the us. The Times reports three quarters of all Canadian exports are destined for the United States and trade makes up one fifth of their GDP. Simply put, the tariffs will plunge Canada into a recession. Canada's Chamber of Commerce predicts their GDP will plunge by a whopping 2.6%. Attorney General Cam Bondy announcing her office has secured the rest of the Epstein files. The original release of the Epstein files last Thursday, a total flop containing just 200 pages of already available information.


A source revealing to the Attorney General that the rest of the Epstein files were hidden away at the FBI's New York field office located in the jurisdiction of the Southern District of New York Ag Bondy. Telling Fox News her office received a truckload of documents, supposedly the remainder. We got them all by hopefully all of them Friday at 8:00 AM thousands of pages of documents. I have the FBI going through them and cash is also now that we have cash here, it's a game changer Of course. And cash is going to. Director Patel is going to get us a detailed report as to why the FBI withheld all of those documents. A g Bondi and FBI Director Cash Patel have committed to full transparency, though some information they say will have to be redacted.


And when we redact things, Sean, what we're gonna do is not just pull pages out like they used to do. If something's redacted, you will know the line and you will know why it's redacted. The victim's name identifying information of a victim, Grand jury information too will be redacted. On Monday. The head of the FBI's New York division, James Dennehy, was forced to resign from his post Mr. Dennehy writing. In a letter to his staffers quote last Friday, I was informed that I needed to put my retirement papers in today, which I just did. I was not given a reason for this decision. In addition to overseeing the office withholding the Epstein files from the DOJ, Mr. Dennehy made headlines in January, thanks to an email he sent to staffers following the DO J'S request for a list of every agent who worked on the January 6th cases.


Mr. Dennehy telling his staffers today we find ourselves in the middle of a battle of our own as good people are being walked out of the FBI and others are being targeted because they did their jobs in accordance with the law and FBI policy, Mr. Dennehy continued on time for me to dig in end quote, his resignation is the latest sign from Team Trump that internal resistance will not be tolerated. And that'll do it For your AM update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here later for the Megan Kelly Show. We're live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at noon east on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly. And on all podcast platforms,


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past hoarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.