
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. We witnessed a norm breaking presidential address to Congress last night, but not for the reasons the corporate media will tell you. President Donald Trump gave a speech that was quintessential Trump full of surprises and performance and excitement and in a dynamic way that actually electrified the audience in front of him. Words. No one has ever spoken before about an address to Congress in this setting.


It, it's basically a state of the union, but they call it just a joint address to Congress because it's his first year in office. And the presumption is you won't have much to talk about 'cause you've only been in office six weeks, not this president, not this night. Obviously Donald Trump knows good TV and how to deliver it. The public largely responding very favorably to the speech. And not just Republicans, but the story was very different on the other side of the aisle with democratic lawmakers refusing to clap or stand multiple times throughout the night for all sorts of very moving personal, beautiful moments that typically would see bipartisan support.


I mean, there was one that even brought Canadian Debbie to tears and she is a hard hearted news producer. I mean, you, you don't make Canadian Debbie cry. I've like, I've rarely seen it even she had some tears. Then there was the one Cain waving Democratic congressman who literally got escorted outta the chamber early on in this beach. He wanted to make a spectacle of himself, and he did. Where were the cries of horror from the Democrats in response to that breach of decorum like we saw with Old Joe, what's his name a couple years ago, who yell, yelled out, you lie to Barack Obama and then after the speech was over, you will not believe.


I mean, maybe you will, but I think it's still shocking what one M-S-N-B-C host had to say in particular about that sweet 13-year-old cancer surviving boy. We're gonna get into it now, starting with Rich Lowry Editor of National Review.


Aren't you tired of the corporate media prioritizing certain narratives over the facts? I am too. Of course. That's one of the reasons why we started this show, to have real conversations with tough questions to try to get to the truth. And this is one of the reasons why I wanna tell you about ground news. An independent app and website, not at the mercy of corporate control. They prioritize transparency so you can compare coverage on any issue and think for yourself. Instead of letting someone else think for you or manipulate you, they even show important stories that the other side is ignoring. Go to ground news.com/megan to check it out With so many outlets suppressing conservative views and ignoring facts. Ground news is more important than ever. Track all of your most trusted independent sources there so you never miss out on the stories shaping our world. Right now, you can get 40% off their vantage plan knocking the price down to just five bucks a month. Go to ground news.com/megan, that's G-R-O-U-N-D news.com/megan to invest in your ability to think critically about the news.


Rich, I thought it was a great speech. I prepared for utter boredom because that's what these things typically deliver. I even with Trump, I just figured it's gonna be kind of a bore. His past state of the unions have not been anywhere near this entertaining, but last night he kept everything tight. He didn't linger on any point too long. He didn't get too deep into policy to where your eyes glazed over. He was just hitting his points. He went off script in a way that was funny, endearing. I know the left didn't like it, but everybody laughed at the Pocahontas remark on Elizabeth Warren. They're just very funny asides in his delivery.


I was talking about this with Doug this morning. If I delivered the same things Trump delivered last night, people might be mildly bemused and say, okay, it's a good line. But the way Trump delivers these things really has you laughing out loud. He's so funny. And when he unleashes it, You know, in the right setting, it's endearing and it totally works. And I think it's why in part the speech was so well received. CBSU gov's survey of 1200 adults, though this is more heavily weighted toward Republicans, 51% Republicans, 27% independents, 20% Dems, but showing 76% approved of the speech time spent on issues you care about 63% say a lot.


Speech made you feel hopeful, 68%. And then even CNN with a survey, which does not appear to have that sort of partisan waiting, that 69% had a either very or somewhat positive reaction to the speech. Your thoughts? Yeah, I don't, I think for the ordinary viewer that there's nothing you heard last night that you necessarily disagree with. I dunno, maybe tariffs or some, some things, but largely he emphasized things that are popular. And the headline of that speech, the headline the first two months is Trump two 2.0 the sequel. More Trump than ever. So it was, it was longer, it was more combative in some ways, more entertaining. And, and he, he it's, these aren't really speeches so much.


They're performances, right? So George W. Bush used to give speeches. He had the speech writers, Mike Gerson, the late Mike Gerson, my friend Matt Sculley, write these eloquent speeches that he deliver. You can't do that with Trump. He, it has to be in his words and it and his way of speaking, which it is. How many times did he say like, like we've never seen before, right? No speech writer sits down and writes like we've never seen before. And the point you're just making a minute ago is as apt. You know, a comedian, a really good comedian, you can say his lines as an ordinary person and they're not funny. Right? Or they're not as funny. And 80% of the things Trump said last night, they were entertaining. You could say them, I could say them. Someone else could say they wouldn't be funny 'cause they're Trump.


'cause it's uniquely Trump. So I don't like State of the Union addresses. I'd prefer a State of the Union to be a a 20 minute eloquent thematic speech. But that speech does not exist. No one's ever given that State of the Union. That's not what Trump did last night. But it, it works for him. Now. It's, it's not hugely important. By, by Saturday, You know, two or three other major, major news stories will have happened. But it was a good night for him. Big time. Here is one of those moments where he was talking about some of the doge discoveries on waste, fraud and abuse sought seven, Just listen to some of the appalling waste. We have already identified $22 billion from HHS to provide free housing and cars for illegal aliens.


$45 million for diversity, equity and inclusion scholarships in Burma, $40 million to improve the social and economic inclusion of sedentary migrants. Nobody knows what that is. $8 million to promote LGBTQI Plus in the African nation of Les Suto, which nobody has ever heard of. That's it right there. Yeah. Just the way it says L-B-Q-I-A plus is funny. Right? And some of, there's a great meme last night of, of Al Green, You know, waving, waving his cane and the caption was, they promised me trans mice.


'cause one of the items he, he Of course mentioned was his experiment to try to create trans mice. I don't know whether they're successful or not, probably if, if they're in the San Francisco School district, those mice, they would be certainly be trans. But, but that, that was hilarious. People hate that stuff. And it, it's memorable as well. It's something if people were listening at the bar, they'll, they'll take away and remember the next day Exactly whether demo the Democrats found it funny or not. The average American sitting at home laughed at that. There's just no question there. You know, no one who doesn't have TDS didn't get a chuckle out of that. Right. Like it's, he's exactly right. None of us has ever has ever heard of that place, whatever it was called. Yeah, Otto, although John PDO was tweeting out, he goes, I I've heard of it.


I did Win Jeopardy times. It's the Jeopardy champion. Yeah, Yeah, exactly. But it's just John and whoever enacted that policy on the left. Okay, so let's talk about the Democrat response up for a minute, then we'll go back to Trump. But they, the little signs Simone Sanders tweeted out, and I totally agreed they were giving off bingo vibes. Like this was their big resistance. These tiny little signs which looked like, You know, you were at an auction. Like, I'll I'll take Otho for $10 that read like Musk lies or false. Like, whoa, whoa. Yeah, they're throwing down musk steals.


Okay. I mean, what war criminal. Oh, well that's gonna turn the hearts and minds. You know, like, what did you make of the resistance with that? And some people wearing the pink in honor of the, the p hats they wore back in 2016, this was their big f you. Yeah, it was pathetic. So either just sit there and be civil, and by the way, clap at the nice moments. There's no reason for any American not to clap when, when DJ has this, this amazing experience of instantly being made an an honorary secret service member. Or just leave in en mass and just do it. I don't, I think that'd be bad. I don't think it'd play well for them, but they got this in-between play, so it's just pathetic and it just advertise their clueless and their powerless ness.


So, and, and Trump, obviously he did this a lot in the first term as well, but last night it was really explicit. I I'm gonna call you out for not applauding anything I do. And then I'm gonna have these wonderful people in the, in the, the, the balcony who are, are, You know, cancer survivors or victims of parents and loved ones of victims of terrible crimes. Or I'm gonna announce that we got the guy who blew up our 13 service members at the Abbey Gate, and I dare you not to, not to clap. And they didn't, they took the dare. Right? So, You know, they, they look grim. Their checking their phones just clap politely. You're not gonna lose anything. But he, he, he got the reaction exactly the reaction he wanted.


Just show up looking normal and give it, give this mattering of applause on the things that are obviously going to be supported by the people watching at home. And sit there politely not doing anything on the things you disagree with. It's, it's very easy, right? It's not hard not to make yourself look like an absolute moron. I really do wonder like what man, truly what man, rich would say, oh, I'll take one of the little signs. Could I have one of those little pops the sticks so I can hold up false. Like I, it's just so undignified and unmanly. There's something so teenage girl about it, You know, like, yeah, snaps, it's the opposite of snaps.


I'm embarrassed for them. And then with the pink outfits and then with the white outfits, and then some with the T-shirts. Look, look at that. There are men there. Do, I don't know why I see a distinction between the men and the women doing this, but it's, there's something kind of feminine about it. Yeah. I just feel like it's so emasculating. Yeah, totally. And, and they just believe and they have belief for a long time that there's some way to delegitimize Trump such that he'll go away, You know? And the media and M-S-N-B-C, they had this constant debate whether, whether they were gonna platform him, platform him, and show his speeches live like that was gonna make a difference one way or the other, whether it was on M-S-N-B-C. And they seemed to think that holding up their little auction paddles somehow is a gesture that's gonna be meaningful to someone.


And there, there is a famous intellectual, Lionel Thrilling in the 1950s, had this line about conservatism at the time, which wasn't in a great state that conservatism is just a, a series of irritable mental gestures. And that's what progressive is at the moment. Maybe not mental, maybe that's giving them too much or mental maybe in the psychological sense. But what all they have at the moment is irritable gestures. And that's what the paddles were. Yeah. They have irritable gestures Syndrome. Yeah. Gesture Syndrome. It feels like there should be an SNL skit on the medicine that addresses irritable jester syndrome. I don't know what it is. I think it's, it's definitely not more Trump winning that seems to aggravate it greatly. Trump knew this was coming, that they weren't going to root for him even on the, the gimmies.


It's like, I, I I don't understand why I guess they really have no meaningful leader, but like, why didn't some leaders sit down with them beforehand and and, and say, just don't project asshole. Okay, that's what we wanna avoid. We wanna be like the strong sober, but likable ones in the room. They forget about likability, how important it's, so we'll get to the Congressman standing up and harassing him, the weirdness with the signs and the paddles and the pink outfits, whatever. But Trump set them up for today's narrative in a way, by calling out the fact that he knew they wouldn't clap or stand for anything, no matter how sympathetic the cause early on in the speech. Here's a bit of that. And so four, This is my fifth such speech to Congress.


And once again, I look at the Democrats in front of me and I realize there is absolutely nothing I can say to make them happy or to make them stand or smile or applaud. Nothing I can do. Five, five times I've been up here. It's very sad and it just shouldn't be this way. So Democrats sitting before me for just this one night, why not join us in celebrating so many incredible wins for America, for the good of our nation.


Let's work together and let's truly make America great again. Cutaway to Nancy Pelosi there by the pool feed, which I mean, she, she looked terrible all night. Yeah. There was, there was such unflattering, nasty faced screen grabs of her. Somebody grabbed one and put it out and said, caption this. And Michael Knowles wrote, I'll get you my pretty and your little doge too, which pretty much encapsulated how you felt when you looked at her. Like, oh. But he was right to set them up because Right. They then played right into his hand. Yeah. And he, he told them what he was doing, right.


He, he was banking on them, not reacting to even things that are unquestionably good or, or moving or endearing. And, and they just, they couldn't bring themselves to do it because Trump, it's literally Trump saying it, right? It's Trump derangement syndrome for everyone to see on live TV and, and en mass, right? If, if anyone else said, here's this adorable kid who's gone through this horrific illness in a, a police outfit being lifted by his father. So, so people can see him. They, they all would've stood and applaud for the kid, but nothing to do with Trump for the kid. And they couldn't bring themselves to do it. Exactly. Because Trump, Trump said it. Let's watch a little bit of that. So Trump brings this sweet young boy, 13 years old into the chamber, and his dream is to become law enforcement.


And he's survived brain cancer and he's there with his dad. And Trump calls attention to the story. And there were, this was much better. Like I have to say, there was something about these stories last night. Tell me if you feel the same, rich. They always bring somebody, You know, the, every president who who does this brings a few people into the chamber so they can tell their personal story. And sometimes it's a heart, You know, breaker. Some, sometimes it's inspirational. I don't remember actually really feeling so moved repeatedly, You know, by some like, wow. And I mentioned Canadian Debbie. I'm softer than she is. She is tough. She's Holly Hunter in broadcast news. If she's shedding a tear, you've done something right. And we were both in tears a couple of times last night. I really felt like they did a very, very good job in like, the art of the speech.


Like taking us on a bit of an emotional journey, Trump with the laughs but also those sentimental moments, which were crafted by his team, obviously were really good. And the speech writing around their stories really good. Let's just start with, since we're on the subject of little dj, let's, let's watch that moment. In 2018, DJ was diagnosed with brain cancer. The doctors gave him five months at most to live. That was more than six years ago. Since that time, DJ and his dad have been on a quest to make his dream come true.


And DJ has been sworn in as an honorary law enforcement officer, actually a number of times. Peace. The police love him, the police departments love him. And tonight, dj, we're going to do you the biggest honor of them all. I am asking our new secret service director, Sean Keran, to officially make you an agent of the United States Secret Service. He looks so happy. His Dad lifts him up the head of the Secret Service, giving him a badge.


Oh. And he hugs him, head of the Secret Service hugging dj, full arms around the neck, chanting dj. Thank you, dj. I mean, wow. And I'll just finish it off Rich by showing you the Democrat reaction. So here's the video. You can see the Republicans in the front clapping and you can see the Democrats sitting, see them in the back. Yeah. They're all sitting. They couldn't get to their feet for that moment.


They've, they've lost their way. That's, there's something deeply wrong with somebody who cannot stand for that. Yeah. One of my favorite parts of that moment, you, you don't know, but when DJ's talking to the head of the Secret Service right afterwards, he imagine. So, so what do I get to do now? You know, what are my responsibilities? You know, Aw, how do I, how do I get on a job? But this is a tradition that goes back. I think Reagan was the first to do it. And there was a terrible air Florida crash in, at, at Washington National Airport. Wasn't Reagan then, Of course. And there, there's a guy who I think might have been a, a, a off duty of fireman, or just a bystander who swam out to the icy Potomac River and saved someone.


And Reagan had that person in the balcony recognize his heroism and sacrifice. Save, save this person. So everyone's done this Trump's taken it to a different level though, because things ha it's not just recognizing someone to make a point or to right honor there. It's, he, he makes something happen with, with Limbaugh, right? He awarded the, the Medal of Freedom right there, You know, has his secret head of secret service come down. So things are happening. So it just goes to, he's, he is a showman, right? And he, he envisions this as a, a show. And to quote another John Peor tweet from last night, You know, it's like, it's, it's a version of Oprah. You almost think Trump at some point's gonna ask every member of Congress to look under their their seat there and find their, their gift, right?


So they can go out happy. At least Republicans would go out unhappy Democrats would reject the car if they got a free car last night. Just on, on principle. It's True. Even if he was, if he were saying it's for your constituents, each of your constituents is getting one. No, no, it's a no. Exactly. All right, so now we will go to the moment that made hard of steel Debbie Murphy cry. I'm giving her a hard time. She's actually a, a lovely person. But it takes a lot for hardened news people to actually shed a tear. It does. 'cause we're just in this business where we use gallows humor and we cover the darkest events of the, our times every day for years. She's been with me since I launched my first show in 2007. And this was it, it had to do with Jocelyn Nga. This was a little girl who was 12 years old who out, went out to the seven 11 and got attacked by two illegals from Venezuela.


And they sexually assaulted her, tortured her, and threw her off a bridge. And her mother was there. This is one of the, this is one of the reasons I personally voted for Donald Trump and ran to the voting booth booth to do it. I was literally thinking of Jocelyn Nari. I didn't go to a voting booth. I figured it out. I failed it out by mail. But my point is simply, that's who was on my mind. This girl's story was so harrowing and her poor mother, so distraught and, and there was no reason for it. There was no reason for it. Joe Biden opened the southern border and killers came across, and the Democrats know it's true. It was done intentionally. And her mother was there last night.


And the, and President Trump announced an extraordinary thing to remember Jocelyn in SAT 12. Here it is, Alexis, I promised that we would always remember your daughter, your magnificent daughter. And earlier tonight, I signed an order keeping my word to you. One thing I have learned about Jocelyn is that she loved animals so much. She loved nature across Galveston Bay, from where Jocelyn lived in Houston, you'll find a magnificent national wildlife refuge, a pristine, peaceful 34,000 acre sanctuary for all of God's creatures on the edge of the Gulf of America.


Alexis moments ago, I formally renamed that refuge in Loving Memory of your beautiful daughter, Jocelyn. So, Mr. Vice President, if you would, may I have the order. You can see she's trying not to cry Rich. And he, You know, to your point about the showmanship right there, there's showmanship going on there. But there's true e emotion too. Emotion too. I mean, you, there's something wrong with you.


Again, if you, if you don't feel it. And yet again, here is the Democrat reaction to that moment. Like, how do they not stand? How is not everyone on the left side of the chamber standing and clapping for that? Now, this one, there's real ideological component. It's not just Trump derangement the way it is with dj. They hate talking about victims of illegal immigrants. They, they just don't, don't want to hear about it. They won't do it. The only time I can remember any Democrat ever addressing it basically is Biden was heckled into saying Lake and Riley's name incorrectly. Oh yeah. In, in the State of the Union.


And Kamala Harris asked by Brett Bearer about it, grudgingly says, You know, this, this is terrible. They just, they, they just can't, it doesn't compute for them. They, they think it's inherently hateful to, to point out that this, this happens. All crimes are terrible, obviously, but as an extra layer, if it's someone who just shouldn't, shouldn't have been here. And they don't, they don't get that. They won't admit it. And the best line for Trump the whole night, obviously, was that we didn't need a new immigration policy. We just needed a new president, which has been absolutely true. He obviously over promises sometimes and over promises on how quickly he can do things. But this is something he fixed instantly. Just one, just the deterrent effect of Donald Trump being president again. Convinces a lot of people, well, may maybe we should wait and see what happens.


Two, they just ended catch and release. Now they're, they're more, they need more resources. They, they, there's more policies they need. They need some help from Congress. But they, they've, he's, he's just turned off the faucet almost instantly. So there's less strain on cities. You have the Roosevelt Hotel, which has been a housing illegal immigrants closing down for that purpose. You're gonna have less criminals just by sheer math. Right. Fewer illegal immigrants coming in. The fewer illegal immigrant criminals you're gonna have. And he did that the instantly, and Joe Biden could have stopped this from starting in the first place by not reversing all the Trump stuff or done it himself, but he didn't want to. And they don't wanna be faced with the consequences of what was a deliberate failure.


Here's that line. In SOD 11, The media and our friends in the Democrat party kept saying, we needed new legislation. We must have legislation to secure the border. But it turned out that all we really needed was a new president. And, and what we're seeing still is that the support for Trump's policies when it comes to immigration remain sky high. I mean, even the, just those two polls that I, I mentioned at the top, let's see, Trump's immigration and border plan.


How do you feel about it? 77%. Like only 23% say they dislike it. I mean, and then there, then the, from the CNN survey, let's see, they go on roughly six in 10 viewers said they approved of Trump's handling of the presidency. And they point out this is the CNN survey. Trump scored his highest marks of the night for his policies on immigration. 76% of speech watchers said his proposed policies on this issue would take America in the right direction. And then CNN trying to make it sound like the, it's a much different story when it comes to his other policies. They say compared with closer to six in 10, who feel positive about his proposals to change how the government works.


Just 63% favor that rich and his proposed policies on the economy just 62% favor that. Okay. Like, those are amazing numbers for any presidential policy in a country that's as divided as ours is. But 76% on his immigration plans get up and clap. Yeah. For what he did for Jocelyn Nari. Yeah. And I, I was gonna say also get up and clap for the fact that the borders closed. Right? They, they all say yes, they, they wanna address illegal I immigration, but they really don't. Right. They, they should be happy that this is, is happened, but they're not. 'cause if, if they wanted this to happen, Biden would've done it.


Yeah. So here is Alexis Nagar, Jocelyn's mom, who went on Hannity after the speech. It was truly an honor, a very surreal feeling to be sitting in that area, to remember the life that Jocelyn had. I found it very cowardly that a lot of the Democrats didn't stand, didn't clap, didn't do anything to support anything that Donald Trump is trying to do as president to make this country better. It was very shameful. I, to me, that was just so powerful, You know, equally to DJ, a 13-year-old cancer stricken boy.


Because I feel like every mother sitting at home understands, and father instinctually that woman's pain and the horror that she's been through as a result of this open border. And all she's saying is maybe acknowledge my daughter. Right? Acknowledge what happened to her. Forget what Trump has done to, to close the border. But like, where is the humanity when it comes to my dead 12-year-old? I just, I don't think women respond positively to any sort of f you to some that looks like an F you to her. I don't, I don't think most men will either. I just think as a matter of politics, rich, obviously humanity, yes, you should be on your feet cha clapping. But as a matter of politics, like I, obviously they came up with a plan, just not, not to clap and not to stand for anything, but Right.


Why are, how, how could they be so foolhardy as opposed to like, if there's a moment that's genuinely heartfelt, that ma that moves you, Of course show your humanity A again, they, they think there's something wrong with, with doing this. They, they, they think it's, it's hateful and xenophobic to highlight these cases for ordinary people. These cases obviously are a gut punch made much worse by the fact that the, the horrible criminals who perpetrated these crimes shouldn't have been here. So saying, look, this terrible thing happened, and I'm gonna stop it by stopping these people come in isn't as 70 or 80% issue. And it's a huge reason that Joe Biden lost.


I mean, Joe Biden, if it hadn't been for the af a Afghan pullout, if it hadn't been for inflation, it hadn't been for the border, he wouldn't have lost. Well, you throw an age there, but y Kamala Harris probably would've win won. These are huge issues. And Trump, You know, it is something he highlighted coming down that escalator in, in 2015 when it seemed very extreme what he was saying. It seemed as just Steve Miller and Steve Bannon. They believed that no one else did it, couldn't sell. It would alienate Hispanics. And here we go, where he's, he's actually implementing it or re-implementing it from what he had figured out the first time around. And it's hugely popular. That's just been a sea change in American politics.


It's amazing to see here is that M-S-N-B-C reaction that I teased at the top of the show. And this was in response to little dj. And honestly, it's, I like, I don't know what's happened to this person. She used to be a Republican. She was the person who shepherded Chief Justice John Roberts through his confirmation process. It's Nicole Wallace, who now I think her next job will be with the Lincoln Project. Here was her reaction to sweet 13-year-old dj. It was a genuinely beautiful moment. Beauty of that child is the tragedy of the Trump presidency because he's, we don't know how he survived pediatric cancer, but it is likely he benefited from some sort of cancer research.


And it is a fact that Trump has slashed cancer research. I hope he lives, and the life he wants to live. He wants to be a cop. He knows what he wants to do. And maybe when you have childhood cancer that crystallizes for you. And I hope he has a long life as, as a law enforcement officer, but I hope he never has to defend the United States capitol against Donald Trump's supporters. And if he does, I hope he isn't one of the six who loses his life to suicide. And I hope he isn't one who has to testify against the people who carried out acts of seditious conspiracy and then live to see Donald Trump. Pardon those people. Oh my God, I, that is jaw dropping. We went back and looked to see what the reaction on set was to her.


And even her fellow panelists from Jen Psaki to Rachel Madhouse. You could see Jen Psaki literally leaning away from her. And even Rachel Maddow, without commenting on that, just moved away, bridged away to another topic. When you've gone too far for Saki and Maddow, you've gone too far. Period. Can you believe that? It's a, it's a psychological malady. It's it's literally sick. I mean, it, you, you'd look at that from a rational perspective. You're like, okay, that must be a deep fake of what Nicole, Nicole Wallace would, would say in such a circumstance, say, is a lovely moment. Say the kid's a hero. His dad's a hero. We wish him the best. And we, yes, we, we want, we want research to get cures and therapies to, to, to make kids in such circumstances long live as possible and move on.


Right. To connect it to January. How do, do you even, how did, how does that even come into your mind? A a a cancer survivor, a a a kid in a police uniform? That's the first thing you think of. It's, it's mind boggling. It's true. And she saw the same thing we saw where he, his eyes got all big. When President Trump said he was gonna be made in honorary secret service. Me, he was so excited. The hug, he threw his arms around the secret service director. It was a sincere embrace. And that's where she went like, I hope he doesn't die on President Trump's. Right. Don't, don't Litigate kid Capitol Hill. Don't, Don't, there are other things that you can object to that Trump said, if you're Nicole Walsh, lots of them in fact.


But not, not dj. Not dj. It's, it, it's such a strange syndrome. TDS is a very strange syndrome. It really should be in the DSM five. And it's, well, it's very unfortunate because once afflicted, you really cannot get out from under it. It's like, what is it? Personality disorder. If you have a personality disorder, it's almost impossible to get out of it. Maybe it is impossible. And there are a lot of my mom's in the psychiatric field. I mean, she, now, she's retired, but she was telling me a, a lot of psychiatrists just won't even try to treat that. Same thing with like sociopaths. There's really no curing you of sociopathy. There's no curing you of TDS Once you get it, it's a, it's a lifelong affliction and it really does warp the way you see everything around you.


You, you see the pot of gold and to you it looks like crap. You know, you see a wonderful event for a child and instead you see only doom and gloom and darkness. If it has anything to do with the orange man. And I, it's strange how it's like, it's broken for the rest of the country. Like the, they never really had it. Right. And so now they look at these people and they, they're not watching them. Right. You know, we were talking about this yesterday, rich. Sometimes when you're in the opposition, your numbers go up. At Fox News, our numbers always went up when we were in the so-called opposition. It was Democrat, president under Barack Obama, et cetera. Their numbers are not going up under M-S-N-B-C post-election. They're still withering on the vine.


Right. The numbers are horrid. And I really think it's because of this. Like Trump's policies were not, yes, tariffs are controversial, right. But like everything else he talked about was really not even controversial. Yeah. And the celebration of these suffering Americans and giving them a gift is a feel good moment that we can all get behind. Right. And the dower TDS afflicted anchors, crapping all over the child's joy. Yeah. Is something very evil. Yeah. What we're talking about in, in capsule here is the debate over who's normal. Right? And, and, and for them, it's just a theological matter that the Trump is, is not normal. And look, he's unusual in a lot of ways is, and in some respects that we've talked about some, some good, some bad is unusual state of the Union or address it a joint session of Congress.


But if you just look at the reaction to dj, a president hailing this, this kid a nice gesture for this kid, everyone's standing up, applauding, wiping tears from the eyes that's normal, sitting grim faced and not reacting to the story or connecting it to January 6th is not normal. And this obviously is a reason why Trump won the elections. The reason why he is a thrived, least in relative Trump terms so far politically, is 'cause he is occupied the, the normal ground in American politics. And they're spun off into to outer space somewhere. I mean, and not to mention, You know, seditious conspiracy and the mentioning of six cops who died by suicide.


You know, how many cop, first of all being a police officer is extremely stressful, especially these days, thanks to her side's, soft on crime policies and what's happening to cops on the street and to attribute, You know, post J six suicides to Donald Trump. You know, how many suicides there were from cops after the BLM riots? No, we don't because nobody took, kept track of that. Right. But we know that, right? Because no one cares. 2000 cops. Yeah. Were severely injured. They don't care about injured injured during those riots. And what about Daniel Dorn, who was, or David Dorn who was killed in one of the BLM riots. I don't What about him? Her mind just goes to J six. They're obsessed with JS six. It's just whatever.


I can't save them. It's, it's a very interesting, You know, psychological illness. I hope she gets the help she so desperately needs. There was one other controversial subject though. The way Trump got in and out of it was clever and it was Ukraine. You know, he, he styles it in a way that's tough to disagree with. Like, he wants the killing to stop. It's like, well, who? Yes. That you should clap for that. Like, that's also one of those like, yes. But Of course it's become a very hot button issue because people think he's pressuring zelensky too much and not Putin enough and so on. Well, this is one of the more notice notable moments of the night where Trump was trying to make these points. And the democrats, they, they, they clapped.


I can't remember what the line was. Well, I'll just play the stop. This is where he went out after Elizabeth Warren, and it was one of the few times where they were clapping the Demps 16, The United States has sent hundreds of billions of dollars to support Ukraine's defense with no security with There. It's because the money that we've sent, Do you want to keep it going for another five years? Yeah, yeah. You, you would say Pocahontas says yes. Reaction shot.


She's the sole person clapping. Yeah. And it just shows like Trump doesn't give a fig, he's, he'll use that term anywhere. He, he's not the different behind closed doors versus how he is in front of the camera. But she is like, she lied to the American public for years about being a Native American. And that's kind of what he's, he's like, this person has no credibility and, and the only thing she's clapped for all night is more money to Ukraine for a war that we all know is not going well. Yeah, I'm a Ukraine hawk, but what Trump is talking about and the polling is, is popular and most people are, it's gonna strike them as common sense.


Let's strike a peace deal. Right? And again, it's another thing that, that we've had this weird reversal where any any other person saying, oh, I'm gonna try to forge a a peace deal in this, this long running war. Or at least war has gone on for three years, more than a million casualties. The add 'em all up probably. And, and, and this is a bad thing, right? So the, the tactics of getting there, I don't necessarily like, I dunno what's going about going on behind the scenes, but we established Russia's not gonna win the war. And this the sense of taking Kyiv and toppling the government and creating a Russian puppet state out of Ukraine. And Ukraine's not gonna win the war of sense of, in the sense of regaining all their territory. So it's time for it to end.


And a again, this is, this is a common sensical position. One that a lot of Americans would consider normal. Again, I don't, I don't think necessarily the way we're getting there is not normal. That that Friday oval office confrontation with zelensky, but not normal. It's like something we haven't seen before. But the, the goal, let's stop killing is not something that ordinary people are gonna recoil from. It's something they're gonna think makes sense. And Trump also announced last night that Zelensky sent him a letter saying he will accept the minerals deal. And that process is now back on track. Which again, is a positive development, though you wouldn't know that from that side of the chamber Last night, I didn't go back as I promised I would to Al Green, a democrat from Texas who decided to make this evening about him, about himself, and got up there.


It was a, it was a consistent ongoing heckling of Donald Trump. It wasn't like, You know, I mean I remember that when Joe Wilson yelled out, you lie to Obama and it was, it dominated the news the whole next day. It was a huge deal, this breach of decorum. This guy got up there and would not sit down. He was like a code pinker who just kept yelling with his cane, almost like menacing Donald Trump with his cane. He's 77 years old, by the way, Trump's 78 and wouldn't take a seat. And it was actually really interesting because what you saw was J JD Vance and Speaker Mike Johnson behind Trump saying to the sergeant in arms in the house, get him outta here with the thumb.


Like get him out. And eventually Mike Johnson issued the order for the sergeant in arms to re restore order to the chamber. And he was ejected, which I'm sure is what he wanted. But here's some of that, that moment, as chaos broke out, We won the popular vote by big numbers and one counties in our country, The Republicans cheering USA over al Green's chance Two plus 8, 2 8, 2 plus eight, two plus eight, two plus eight, two plus eight, two plus Eight.


And one counties in our country, 2000 still going 700 to 5 25 on a map that reads Trump gives almost Completely Read for Republican. A few thing ha things happening there, rich that jumped out at me. Tr Trump first gives the thumb, You know, point in like, get him outta here. The Republicans have gotten good about this. USA chant I noticed it at when I went down for some of the confirmation hearings like Hegseth, when protesters came in, Pete supporters, most of whom by the way were military vets just got up and enchanted USA, they did it for Bobby Kennedy too.


It's pretty effective, right? They don't allow the heckler's veto look at that guy, get 'em out. And JD Vance also with the, You know, the rap sign, like get him out. And I have to say one that was one of the dynamics that jumped out at me last night was JD with his as the kids, the kids have a term bombastic side eye. He had the bombastic side eye many times looking over the Democrats with those like twinkly blues, which are, You know, they know how to cast aspersions by just like a sort of winking, a nod. And boy, you could just see he was literally behind the president and he was figuratively behind the president at every moment looking out for people who weren't clapping, people who were, You know, potential hecklers.


And I thought it was kind of nice. I noticed the dynamic and I thought to myself, that's the kid who has the background in app Appalachia, who would beat the shit out of you if you said anything bad about his mother, even though he said plenty of bad things about his mother. But you're that it's different. The rules in the holla as he pointed out were, You know, you can rip on your mom or your family, but nobody else can. And even though he's got a mild manner in general, like he, he is a street fighter at heart. Anyway, all of that jumped out at me in like, the ongoing dynamics around Trump last night. Your thoughts, This was a shocking breach of decorum. The worst we've ever seen. There was some heckling of Biden from Marjorie Taylor Green and Bober, which I, which I didn't like and thought was wrong.


And, and there's, there's Joe Wilson, who's, who's a great guy by the way. And I, I think was, if I remember correctly, was was an unplanned interjection, You know, it's kind of just popped out. I think he regretted it afterwards and when he did it, there were gasped in the, the chamber. So to, to have someone just stand there and shout and wave a cane at the president of the United States and have to be forcibly ejected, I thought for a while he might resist, right? They might have to carry him or something. At least he, he walked out and expressing no regrets afterwards and saying it was a great thing to do is shocking. It's, it's, it's an another step down in terms of our, our politics and a terrible moment for, for Democrats. 'cause this will be, it was one of the most replayed moments of, of the night and it's a 77-year-old angry man waving a cane saying Get off my lawn to the, the president of the United States.


It's just not, not a great look. Right? Trump handled himself well. He did not lose it. He did not acknowledge him other than the, You know, get him outta here. And so he didn't take the bait, which was good. And as much as You know, JD and, and Mike Johnson, they, they gave him the Rack, could see a look, which was totally appropriate at towards the end there was like a look of irritation on Trump's face where you're like, okay, is he gonna go there? But he, but he did. And he just said, thank you very much after speaker what it Speaker Handed it back over. Sergeant at Arms was a little slow on the Yeah, on the ejection. No, I was like, where is he? Get him out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I think so. But probably just because this is an unprecedented thing. You're, you're, you're the sergeant of Marty. Yeah. It wasn't code expect to just kind of stand there with your arm, your hands folded not, not to have to go eject an unruly member of Congress, but you're, I thought there might be, it's one thing if it's a war protester who sneaked in or who is against of a member.


This was a member sitting right there. Total breach Of the quo. This will be when, when Al Green inevitably offers the next articles of impeachment being expelled during Trump's the address to the joint. Joint session will be one of the articles we can assume. Yeah, exactly. Okay, so last but not least, the Democrat response, which is always just like a terrible job if asked you should say No, it was Alyssa Slotkin who I didn't know much about. She's a new newly elected senator from Michigan. And when I went her and saw her at the Pete Hegseth confirmation hearings, she started off by talking about her background in the CIA how she signed up after nine 11.


She, she determined she'd be in security and then she got recruited by the ccia A and she served under George W. Bush and Obama bipartisan, You know, more blue collar or blue blue, You know, crossover Blue dog Democrat. No, the answer's no. You, you heard the way she cross examined Pete and you quickly learned this is a hateful person who I personally grew to loathe in the moment. But last night, while projecting that he's an existential threat, she tried to weave the, You know, I'm totally normal and this is what Democrats are and therefore the selection of her made some sense. But here's how she sounded. He believes in cosing up to dictators like Vladimir Putin and kicking our friends like the can Canadians in the teeth.


He sees American leadership as merely a series of real estate transactions. As a Cold War kid, I'm thankful it was Reagan and not Trump in office in the 1980s, Trump would've lost us. The Cold War. Donald Trump's actions suggest that in his heart, he doesn't believe we're an exceptional nation. He clearly doesn't think we should lead the world. So what did you make of her? I thought it, it was a okay and a as as You know, I mean this just a impossible task. The only good response ever was the late great Fred Thompson, who was an actor and sat on his his desk and gave a response in the, the nineties. That was fantastic and very memorable and instantly created talk of, of a presidential run by Thompson.


But this is a very hard assignment. I I think You know, that what she that sought there, that that's a critique you can make of Trump. I I don't think it matters for most people. I think the best thing for Democrats to say is his priorities aren't, aren't your priorities and you're gonna pay the price. And he is not doing enough to reduce prices. I I think that's, that's where they should go. And it should be kind of a traditional democratic argument against a traditional Republican president. He's, he's helping his rich friends. You know, I think that makes sense for them all. The other existential threat to democracy stuff is, is not not gonna get them anywhere. Here's the throwback to her with Pete. Is there anything that a commander in chief could ask you to do with the uniform military that would be in violation of the US Constitution?


Senator, anybody of any party. Right. Could give an order that is against the constitution or against the law. Right. Okay. So And are you, so are you saying that you would stand in the breach and push back if you were given an illegal order? I Start by saying I reject the premise that President Trump willand be giving. I understand you've done your gender deflecting To him any legal orders At all? My my this isn't a hypothetical. Okay. You're, again, you're gonna be in charge of 3 million people. The active duty that I know you care about, I believe you care about. So have you been in conversations about using the active duty in any way, whether it's setting up in detention camps, policing dangerous cities. Have you been involved in any of those conversations?


Certainly I have been involved in conversations relating to doing things this administration has not, which is secure the southern border. Sir, Sir, I get your filibuster. I get it. I get Okay. I mean, it just went on and on and on. I really, I have just to say, I don't think she's the future of the party as the Democrats think she is. I just think she's, she showed a rabid partisanship and, and attack dog nature in her exchange with him. We can show more of it later, but in any event, I don't know. Do you think that's the future of the Democratic Party there, rich? No, I I don't think we're gonna know the future of the Democratic Party for a very long time. I don't think the opposition and, and Congress really figures out how to react to a presidential loss. You, you, you just hope things go wrong.


They do. Inevitably events happen, capitalize on those and then you hope you get a decent presidential candidate who, who figures out something new. Well, there's rumblings that Tim Walls is thinking about running. Perhaps He's the great white, hope Rich, great to see you. Thank you so much.


Alright, coming up Mark Halperin, let's talk about that car you own, but don't use the one you're paying to keep registered and insured. That's just taking up space out front. It's just sitting there doing no one any good. But you do have a choice. You can give cars for kids. That's cars with AKA call and have them take care of it for you. Just give them the info and they will come to you as soon as the next day and take that car off your hands at no cost to you. Even better, they will turn that car into funds to help kids. So visit cars for kids.org/ MK. That's cars with a K and then the number four to donate. Or just call Cars for kids directly at 1 8, 7, 7 cars for kids. And they will get that car picked up quickly. Plus you need to get a tax deduction and a vacation voucher. You can get both of those with this donation. They've been around for over 30 years and they have done this a million times. They can help you through this very simple call now or head on over to cars for kids.org/ MK right now to get this done. Cars, the numeral four kids.org/ MK cars the k


Join me now, editor in chief and host of two Way on YouTube. Mark Hal. Mark, welcome back. So what'd you think of last night? I'd say three main things. First of all, I thought the President's performance, you love him or hate him. It was just a incredible physical performance, entertaining. He's a great television producer, as You know. And I thought the casting of the folks from all over America representing certain themes were really key. And, and it's always important to remember the President contrary to what Politico and others wanna say, he's not talking about extreme red meat MAGA issues. He's talking about issues that are broadly popular, including with people who don't like him. And that's something that put the Democrats on their back legs. Finally, I'll say what the Democrats did last night, even after decades of partisanship and even after Donald Trump is doing things that are partisan.


I thought their behavior last night and not applauding a, a little boy with cancer, not applauding Lincoln Riley's family was disgusting and unhinged and I think they'll pay a price for it. We haven't yet shown the Lincoln Riley moment. Her mother and sister were there. That mother's face was the picture of anguish. I mean it was just, oh, heart wrenching. And Of course her daughter was the subject and, and the name of President Trump's first legislative act that actually did get passed and is now law the Lake and Reilly Act. Here's that moment of the President acknowledging the grieving family. Last year I told Lakin's grieving parents that we would ensure their daughter would not have died in vain.


That's why the very first bill I signed into law as your 47th president mandates the detention of all dangerous criminal aliens who threaten public safety. It's a very strong powerful act. Mother and daughter on their feet clapping The Democrats all seated Again, It's called the Laken Riley Act. So Allison and Lauren America will never ever forget our beautiful laken hope Riley.


She now thank you to the President Lakin's mom. And once again, even after that piece of it, You know, it was sort of a separate line about, we'll never forget Laken, the Democrats did not stand, here's the video again. Like they couldn't even find the heart to stand for just that piece. Like we, we will never forget her. Nope. The grieving mother literally in tears and they sat there. You know, it's one thing Mark to see the Supreme Court sitting there. We know they never stand or You know, the, the heads of the military branches, they never stand. But those Democrats not even feigning empathy. What did you make of it? And, and, and Megan, you'll recall that a year ago, Joe Biden had to be dragged kicking and screaming into saying her name at his State of the Union address after not acknowledging her, her, her brutal murder after not having a consciousness phrasing to say, You know what, maybe we should listen to the public.


Maybe we do need to close the border. Maybe we do need to figure out where all the people are in this country here illegally who had violent pasts last night. They were given a mulligan on this tragedy that not only is a tragedy for a family, but has implications for the country. And they just, they were refused to take it. They refused to be human. And I think, again, president Trump's plenty partisan. I understand how much they don't like Donald Trump, but there's opportunities to behave like a human being. And because of party politics and their Trump derangement syndrome, they chose not to. And I think it's a, it's a horrible thing. It's a horrible thing that they did. Why do you think so, mark? Because I honestly, like we all, we've all been watching State of the Union addresses for many years.


And in my experience, I don't remember them all bit by bit, but they, they would sit there and not clap if it were a partisan issue and, and telegraph to the country. I disagree. But on the human moments, you would, you'd have many instances in which the whole chamber claps if for no other reason, even if they're not really feeling it just because of good politics. So the clearly the Democrats met and decided it would be bad politics to clap for anything. Well, my reporting's mixed on that. Some of my sources say, it kind of just happens spontaneously, that they, once they sort of got into the pattern of not clapping, remember the, the tradition is members of both parties escort the president out to the floor.


And so they started the evening, they started the evening declining to participate in escorting about the floor, their view. And it's a view of tens of millions of people. He's illegitimate. He won the popular vote, he won the election even after January 6th. They still think he's illegitimate. And so that is manifested in that room by the party, by the members of Congress. And they simply, I think I, I think just in the moment they sabotaged their efforts to make this about policy and Donald Trump's policy, the implications of his policies on real people, and they turned it into a an MRI of their soul as the old expression goes. I can't tell you, I just can't see how a human being could sit there and not stand up for that little boy.


I just don't know. I just, I just dj, You know, there's so much in politics that, that you can understand. 'cause you understand the motives of politicians, right? If you've covered them for a while, I can't understand, not standing up for that little boy. I just, I can't understand it. And, and I think if was reflective of how much they're still in their back feet, they still don't understand the country. And Donald Trump's appeal to enough people to get him elected and to put him in a very powerful position because as I said, he's talking about popular issues. They want to say, he's talking about MAGA issues. He is some, but mostly he's talking about popular issues on which many of the members of Congress, of the Democratic Party are on the wrong side. It's amazing because one of their failures last night was to telegraph.


Like, what is it about Trump that you find so objectionable? You know, when he won in 16, people kind of knew, You know, he had said things that had been bandied about in the media quite often. You know, the opening speech about Mexico not sending their best or rapists and so on, which would've been bastardized by the press, but whatever. There was a narrative, a very clear narrative around Trump. Now it's just so amorphous. The last thing we heard was he's Hitler. And then the country rejected that and elected him. And that was one of the things I was searching for last night. Like, tell us what it is. What is the reason you hate him? And you can't stand for anything. Your little bingo sign of musk steals and just false or the random save.


Medicaid doesn't really do it. So I, I felt like it was an utter failure of messaging on their part, which it was just wound up in a total victory for Trump. Because there he is hitting his points, using a sense of humor, getting laughs, getting applause from the, the Republicans and probably from people at home. And then the Democrats walking right into the trap he set of showing zero humanity or empathy, while also not making clear why it is they're being so nasty. It's an interesting question. I think I'd wanna figure out a way to drill down on it with foot of series of focus groups. Because the amorphous thing is they hate him 'cause he's Donald Trump and they think he's, he's, he's gonna destroy democracy. But some of them don't like Tulsi Gabbard.


Some of them don't like Bobby Kennedy. Some of them don't like Pete. He said some of them don't like Musk. Some of them don't like Doge. Some of them create falsely that he's gonna, he's talking about cutting social security. I think that they're having trouble figuring out, because I think a, a democratic party and the anti-Trump movement contains multitudes. And it's obviously a weakness. The the point last night for the leadership was let's all focus on one thing, yes. That his policies will adversely affect people. And that's a good debate. And there's some truth to it, that the country really wants to have significant savings from Doge. They're gonna have to be things given up. Research on medical innovations gonna have to be given up, access to national parks. It's gonna have to be given up.


Not entirely, but to some extent that's the debate. They said they wanted to have it instead. They did. They did stuff that, that you, you can't ignore. Now, I will say, if the Republic, if a Democratic president, if Kamala Harris had introduced a little boy with cancer, who had outlived his, his diagnosis and, and and loved law enforcement, and the Republicans had sat silently, not applauding, not standing, it would've brought the media to a standstill. And that is the part of their problem is they are enabled in their negative attitude, in their lack of strategic vision to how to confront him. And there's plenty to confront because the press does not call them on it. And so they, they don't really understand exactly what's actually happening in the real lives of real people and how people would experience such a display.


The thing about DJ was he was not controversial. He wants to be a police officer. It's not like there was a backstory behind him and something You know happened that was caused by Democrats. That's not where Trump went with his story. It was just a nice story about a kid who wants to be a cop in a way it was kind of endearing toward cops. Maybe that's their problem, I don't know. But that was such a weird one not to stand for Lake. And Riley was killed by illegals, but still there's not an American in the country who's in favor of Americans being killed by illegals, You know, with the grieving mother and sister standing there. Then we get to Peyton McNabb, who was hit in the face by Bo volleyball, spiked at her by a male player pretending to be a female in her high school in North Carolina.


And again, I realize the Democrats are very pro this so-called trans agenda. But they know very well from the last election election, mark, that the country is not. That is an 80% issue. There are no 80% issues in America. Virtually none. But 80% of the populist does not want boys playing in girls sports. That's why he wisely brought Peyton McNabb to the state, whatever they address last night. And here he is remarking on Peyton McNabb's McNabb's presence. And then we'll show you the reactions. Stop five, Our country will be woke no longer. We believe that whether you are a doctor, an accountant, a lawyer, or an heir traffic controller, you should be hired and promoted based on skill and competence, not race or gender.


Very important. I also signed an executive order to ban men from playing in women's sports. Three years ago, Peyton McNabb was an all star high school athlete. One of the best preparing for a future in college sports. Peyton, from now on, schools will kick the men off the girls team or they will lose all federal funding. What I have just described is only a small fraction of the common sense revolution that is now because of us sweeping the entire world, common sense has become a common theme. And we will never go back.


Never. And here's the video of the Democrat reaction, which is the same reaction that we saw to DJ to Lake and Riley's parents, to every moment that tugged at the heartstrings. They did not stand. And he had gone through Peyton's injuries, which are severe. There's partial paralysis on her right side. She suffered a traumatic brain injury. By the way, the male who hurt her never apologized and actually was angry with Peyton for even speaking out about it, which she's been on our show in any event there too. And that's, again, an 80% issue. Mark. I asked some Democrats who were in the chamber, how could you not have stood at those moments?


And they said, and these are reasonable people. Trump lies about the border. His policies on the border are inhumane. Trump wants to cut social security and he is lying about it. These are questionable positions to take. But I understand they're passion, but I don't understand the connection between those things. And sitting silently, while these extremely heart wrenching stories are told, as you say, some of them, they could say, well, I don't like Trump's immigration policy, so I'm not gonna applaud and support Lake Andre's family, I guess. But I go back to the little boy, there's, as you said, there's, there's no policy story there. It's just a great American story. And it is, it is inhumane to not to not applaud them, but it speaks to their lack of strategy several months after the election.


It speaks to their Trump derangement syndrome in many cases. And it speaks to their failure to recognize what's happening around them, which is a guy who they wanna say is extreme red meat. Maga actually has found the, the sweet spot on a bunch of issues that are popular even with a lot of their own voters and the Democrats. And they just don't see that yet. And they didn't, they certainly didn't see it last night. And perhaps the reaction to last night will make them see it. But I'll say again, their best friends in the press, the irony is the best friends in the press are creating for them a blue bubble that won't, I don't believe it. Cause many of them to think a new after last night because they're not being told in their world. That was a real problem last night.


That was a real problem, Right? They, I was listening to the New York Times is the Daily podcast this morning. And Of course it was all about how this Peyton McNabb this, it's a culture war issue. She was injured by a trans woman. You know, they don't talk about the biological realities of who, like some people are still confused by that term. We talk about it so often here. Our audience is not, but their, their in intentionally obfuscating what happened there. And for most people, I think this was a breath of fresh air to hear Trump get this specific on what's real and what's not. But again, the Democrats sat and did nothing sought. Six, There are only two genders, male and female.


I'll tell you something, mark, for me personally, having covered this very closely for a long time, it, it was heartening enough just to see all the Republicans on their feet for that. You know, that five years ago, that would've been a very dicey thing to say in this setting. And even the Republicans would've been unsure about whether they could stand and clap on that. So I'll take that victory where I can get it. Yeah, I mean, on this issue, the pendulum swing way too far, far not for extremists, not for activists. It's it swing way too far for a big majority of the country. And now I think there needs to be a reasonable conversation about when it swings back, where, where should it stop as it swings back? 'cause it will swing back some. There needs to be a, a serious conversation.


I think for most Americans, there's a big difference between kids and adults. And so I, I see how people on the left are upset. They say, You know, this is inhumane, this is dehumanizing, this is, this is shaming people. Well, they, they're gonna have to recognize that their, their failure to acknowledge how far they let the pendulum swing and not just let it swing how far they swung it. They're gonna have to figure out, they're gonna have to figure out where, where can they accommodate understanding the majority and stop acting like they're the majority where the pendulum swung. I mean, even when I interviewed Trump in September of 23, and I asked him, can a man become a woman?


He was uncomfortable. He was like, well, I, I say, no, I don't think so. You know, like he's gotten much more bold. And Of course we saw that on the campaign trail and it's, it's, look, it's something to have him say that in the house chamber on a night as big as that. So that's a win. And the Democrats either will come along or they'll get left behind. We'll, we'll have to wait and see. You know, there was, there were audible booze and, and pushback when Trump talked about his historic victory. They really don't like to acknowledge that on the left. And that's when Al Green got up there and started harassing Trump. And, You know, sort of things got chaotic inside of the chamber. But this was debated interestingly, the other day when Stephen A. Smith went on the View and Joy Behar, You know, she too pushed back.


And even on this morning's, the daily Maggie Haberman was pushing back on just how historic the victory. They really don't want to say historic. They don't wanna say mandate. Th they don't wanna say any of the things that Trump says. And they, they put it under the guise, like fact checking him Here, lemme show you the exchange that I'm talking about with Behar and Smith South 27. He won the popular vote by 1.5%, one of the smallest ever. And he won the general election by less than 50%. So what kind of mandate is this really? Well, it, It is a mandate. And I'm gonna explain why, and I don't mind the question, but let me be very clear. I'm no supporter of Trump. I'm a supporter of truth and the facts. And here's the facts. The man won every swing state he increased in terms of his vote voter turnout in his favor from the standpoint of blacks, Latinos, and young voters.


He increased his numbers in that regard from 2020 89% of the county shifted to the right. That's a mandate. I don't understand how people can look at that and say there's no mandate, there's a mandate. Well, it's a different definition of a mandate, I guess. So it's very funny to me. Let's just keep redefining it until I feel better. Let's do that. You know, the, the, the, the people who on that set and in Congress and on M-S-N-B-C who want to litigate the size of the mandate and wanna minimize his victory, are spending time not trying to understand why he won someone who they think is the worst person in the world.


Someone who had won after the events of January 6th, who won after denying he lost the election in 2020, who won after four years of a term that they consider to be a, You know, complete abomination. They need to spend more time for their own good and for the good of the country. Answering the question, not how big is his mandate, but why was he able to win? How did he win and how is he governing now in a way that's almost unbothered by the Democrat's efforts to slow him down. Your co-host over on two-way, Dan Turine, we love him too. He's a Democrat. He tweeted out the following, I love my party, but tonight was a new low. I get silence on this or that policy and the raw politics of the basis anger.


But for not a single Democrat to stand and applaud a boy's brave battle with cancer or a man's admission to West Point, which was a surprise Trump gave to one of the, the audience members was a classless disgrace and maddeningly. While overall Trump's speech was politically good, there were political holes that could be exploited, juvenile taunts that voters hate and comical lies, but much of that will be buried by our self-inflicted stupidity. Do you agree with that? And how will it be buried? Like what happens from here? The media coverage in the wake of the speech and just the tone setting that happened last night? Well, I do agree with Dan. It's one of the reasons we'd like him so much at two-way and why he's so popular with honest Democrats and with a lot of centrist and moderates and independence and some Republicans because he's willing to say the truth.


You know, I watched more M-S-N-B-C last night after the speech than I usually do. 'cause I was super curious to see if they would acknowledge what had happened. And instead Nicole Wallace basically demonized a little boy. The, the, the, the, the question, what happens next? I think everybody assumes, as I did after the election, that the Democrats would get their act together, I think last night demonstrated as both cause and effect. They, they're far from getting their act together. If, if that's the best they could do on a night like that to just completely have the biggest own goal. I can remember in, in, in an event like that, they got a long way to go. And, and President Trump is, all presidents are in danger of overreaching.


But I think he, he's now basically competing against himself because there is no, there is no democratic opposition that's putting up a meaningful challenge to what he's doing by executive order, by what he's doing in Congress at least so far. There are some things that are gonna require democratic support. And I think one danger for him, You know, he, he he certainly faced, You know, the kind of heckling that Democrats used to decry. I mean, I've listened for years, had Democrats said one South Carolina Republican Joe Wilson said to Barack Obama, you lie, they still talk about that as a desecration of the state of the Union and of the presidency last night. You know, there were, there were countless things just like that. I think the president's gonna have to decide if he can govern and, and the things that are gonna require some democratic senators at least to vote his way.


Can he govern if he is not turning the other cheek to when he is slapped? And and that's gonna be a challenge for him. 'cause again, there are some things that require Democratic support. And after last night, I don't know where those votes are gonna come from. I know, I mean it with not a single dem voting for the Protect Women and Girls in Sports Act, not aing single Democrat voting for cloture on that bill. I don't know what he's gonna get any crossover votes on. I really don't. I like that one's such a, such a no brainer. It this is not Megan Kelly and her wishful thinking. It truly is an 80% support issue. It was a very simple clean bill. It wasn't filled with a bunch of weird things that might get them in trouble and they, they didn't vote for it. So like I, yes, he'll get his budget bill through because he can do that with just 51 votes.


You don't have to, you don't need a cloture vote on that. So that'll be good. But I, I don't know what's gonna happen on, on the rest of his agenda when we're speaking about legislative wins. It, it doesn't seem very promising. Okay, on your point about what the Dems are gonna do, and like they're getting their act together apart from their little bingo signs, You know, their little auctioneer signs. False, false. They, they released this weird thing on video this week that's making some news. What the heck happened here? So first, some eagle eyed ex users noticed that a few of these dems, I think it was Senator Schumer, Senator Warren and Senator Corey Booker seemed to be using the exact same script to just drop these sort of, You know, f you videos to Trump.


Here's, here's how it first emerged. When I win, I will immediately bring prices down starting on day one. That Ain't, that ain't true. That's what you just heard. Since day one. Donald Trump's presidency, prices are not down, down, they're up. Inflation is getting worse. Inflation, the Prices to we get it. Yes. What they did, and then it emerged that at least 22, I think it's up to 23 senators did the exact same thing that we just saw there. Here it is. So 26 I win. I will immediately bring prices down starting on day one. Not True.


It's amazing. They're all obviously reading, they're following an exact script. They actually, it seemed to stand and sit at the same point as well. The whole thing's griped choreographed what's going on there and yeah, I like that. Was just released on social media. So I guess this is the new like younger hipper digital lane dem, They all have that same little mic too. Yeah. One of the, one of the few areas since the election where the Democrats having have found a correct diagnosis, not a necessary a cure Correct diagnosis is they're way behind in organic social media and in creation of social media by political players. Charlie Kirk, Steve Bannon, they, there are no analogs like for them on the left.


Okay, what, so, so they say we need to do better, we need to create more compelling content on a regular basis. Their challenge is it's very hard to do quickly and it's very hard to match fake stuff like that, scripted stuff like that to beat organic. 'cause the organic stuff is so powerful and it involves big personalities who develop followings over a long period of time. Consistent performing. This is synthetic, but it's at least an effort to put out. It's, it's somewhat compelling. Now, I don't know if they didn't think they'd get caught or maybe they thought it would be good to have it amplified by having some, You know, having the kind of coverage. You're engaged with it now. But again, it's one of the few areas where they're at least acting on a correct diagnosis, which is they are so far behind and, and Of course in the Obama years they were far ahead and now they're far behind and, and they have to be players and in podcasting and video and programs like this in, in the creation of social media for TikTok and other places, at least in this case, they're, they're trying, they're bringing in people.


They spend a lot of time with liberal creators yesterday, the crooked media guys and other people. It, they're far away from where they need to be. But again, at least this is a single area where they're, where they're making an effort. They, Elon Musk tweeted out, I'll give somebody a si a free cyber truck if they can tell me who created this script. Like who was patient zero on this. And I guess Corey Booker today said it was me and you can keep your cyber truck, which was a dumb addendum because who wouldn't want free cyber truck? But I guess he was behind it. Here's the thing though, if you have kids, You know, the rule is the last thing you wanna be is cringe. Right? You're, if you're gonna do it, you gotta do it.


Well and you're not supposed to be cringey. That was cringey. So is this by representative Jasmine Crockett, who I think is 42 years old, not 28. Someone should have told her that before she dropped this video, before the State of the Union or join a address to Congress last night. Watch It. Yeah, they tried to r the game. But you can't fake influence on, hey, I'm tripping, I'm sliding through the back Arick Lamar dance Around, what's up? And it ands Jasmine Crockett with her signature.


IIII will say that that version's better than the one that Dick Durbin did. I don't know if you saw that one, but hers is better. What? No, I'm kidding, kidding, kidding. I just like the thought of Dick Durbin doing his version. I think it'd be good. Oh my God, it was, that was too much for my brain to handle. I, okay. I just think it's ridiculous. There's no dignity. You know, it's like you could be cool, you could do a fun video. I mean, I have to say in, in most ways A OC understands this and she does, she uses social media very effectively. This is not it. And there, it just, to me it just shows that they're struggling. So speaking of struggling, Tim Wal, if I think I could offer something, I would certainly consider that when asked if he's open to a 2028 presidential run.


If I think I could offer something, I would certainly consider that. I'm also though not arrogant enough to believe there's a lot of people that can do this. I'll do whatever it takes. So do we think that Tim Walsh is a serious candidate for next leader of the party? Nevermind presidential candidate. No, he is not. I could expound. I could expound, but no, he is not. Look, most people who join losing tickets, Tim Kane for instance, who, who did a thing on Saturday Night Live a few weeks ago where feels like no one knows who he is. Most the candidates on losing tickets don't, don't do that. Emerge as, as super strong.


I think that the nature of his failure is, is pretty obvious to most Democrats. And he got off easy, as You know, he was not scrutinized very much. And things that did turn up were not, You know, placed front and center. I think that it is a, it is a mystery in, in my career at this phase, we're early, obviously we're not even, You know, close to the midterms at this phase. Every cycle, I could tell you five people for the party out of power or if there was an incumbent, both parties, term limit incumbent, who are the five people who I'm watching who I think really have the potential to, to, to do what it takes. The difficult task of winning a party nomination and potentially the White House. I can't give you five Democrats. What I can tell you is if you forced me to 50, I wouldn't say Tim Waltz.


Hmm. Oh wow. That's saying something. All right. Last but not least over on the Republican side. Pam Bondy in a bit of a controversy this week because she had, or the White House and there's new a, BC news reporting on this. The White House invited those influencers to the White House last week, reportedly as a, a thank you, a way to honor and thank strong online influencers of the kind that you just mentioned. Chi IC behind Libs of TikTok, Jack Beso, Chad Prather, Liz Wheeler, a bunch of right-wing influencers. And apparently according to a, b, c, unbeknownst to them, they were then, like they weren't expecting this, they were brought in into a meeting with Pam Bond and Cash Patel.


And she then surprised them with those Epstein file binders. And so I didn't realize that they were totally caught off guard with this. And so when we saw them emerging from the West Wing holding these binders and kind of like laughing about it, it was, they, they, they didn't know what they had. And the reporting is that she chose not to loop in any White House senior staff on this. She chose to keep it a secret from them because she thought that it would be a, like a fun surprise that they would be pleased. But it turned out that there was absolutely nothing new in these binders. And it had the unfortunate effect of embarrassing the influencers because they'd been told and believed cash and bondy that they'd been given something exciting and new and, You know, proprietary.


So now there's been fallout because it's a, it's a question of who embarrassed an influential group around the President, right? Yeah. Who really deserved nothing other than thanks from him who embarrassed them. Why, how, why wasn't Senior White House staff told and why was a thank you session turned into a Pam Bondi Epstein drop information session that actually was no actual info. All that happened. We had the A, b, C news report on it. And now Bondy saying that she did get a truckload of documents from the FBI who she accused of withholding against both her and Cash Patel's orders, though the next drop has not been received. And the question is whether she's in any sort of trouble. Trump had very warm references to her last night.


So here's the hierarchy that way. I think about this at the top is the victims. And, and nothing should be done on this that doesn't acknowledge the what happened to them, get them the justice that they deserve. And the Epstein Shouldn't Victims Yeah, the Epstein victims. And we shouldn't, we shouldn't look at the titillation that some people feel over the names of, of people associated with what happened. We shouldn't look at that as a distraction. So that's priority number one. Number two is the president promised transparency, not just with these files, but with the Kennedy files. R the J, the RFK and JFK files, the Dr. King files. That's an important commitment that he made and it should be lived up to. And when it's done in this way where they say we've got a big, a big release and that it turns out to not be new, that undermines people's confidence that they really have a, a dedication to true transparency.


Number three, this is a screw up whether the a, b, C reporting's exactly right or not. We know the end result was the public was misled, these influencers were treated poorly. That's a basic level of comp incompetence at the highest levels that I think should get people paused because for the most part, this administration under strange circumstances have ex has executed pretty well. Lastly, as you said, the, the president and the administration's relationship with these very influential people, you don't want to embarrass your friends. You don't wanna, you don't want to undermine them in that photo of them smiling with the documents makes me sick every time I, I see it. But, but it's hard to blame them because as you said, they were put in a, a situation they weren't expecting. So that's, that's how I break it down.


That's how I see it. And, and, and I think in all four strands, the story will continue. 'cause as you said, the Attorney general is promising more. I mean, if she makes it up to them by giving them the next big round and it genuinely is a scoop, I think that'll heal. You know, that'll mend fences if they remain in the position they're in right now, thanks to her. I think she's in for some pr trouble over the next coming months because I agree she's probably lost a lot of goodwill with them. Agree. Mark, I agree. You have all the goodwill in the world here. Thank you for being on. Thank you Macon. Great to see you. Appreciate it. Great to see you too. Alright, we'll be right back. Don't go


away. So many people these days are focusing on getting healthy. And speaking of health, let me tell you about Jacob and Kristen, the founders of We Heart Nutrition. They're raising five kids while running a company that's helping hardworking Americans live the American dream. We Heart Nutrition makes high quality research backed supplements for women and men at every stage of life helping you stay strong, energized, and hitting your wellness goals. But this is not just another supplement company. They are proudly pro-life. Donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers, supporting moms and babies in need. They have over 1005 star reviews from real people seeing real results. Go to We Heart Nutrition dot com and take their quick 22nd quiz to get your personalized supplement subscription recommendation delivered right to your door each month. And right now they're giving you 20% off your first order with the code Megan, invest in your health and go to We Heart Nutrition dot com. Use the code Megan to get 20% off. That's We Heart Nutrition dot com code. Megan,


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


I wanna take you now to a troubling situation in Maine where not everyone has gotten the memo about parental rights. Members of the school board in Maine School Administrative District 11 are seeking to launch a health clinic at a high school where medical providers, not parents, will make key decisions for students. Here's what officials from the clinic said. It is December school meeting watch. And the last question I have at this moment is, who decides decision making capacity for a minor child, A provider? So The medical clinician, the medical clinic through their interviews and their interactions with, With who gives permission for that child to be interviewed in the first place as a minor child?


Well, under the law, the state law, if the child sought one of those three services, substance use disorder, mental health or family planning, which then the, the provider would interview them and if there was a course of treatment needed, they would decide whether they could do that based on the decision making capacity during the interviews and the visits they had with the student. So no parental involvement, none whatsoever. And that term mental health is doing a lot of work there. It's a very large category that excludes the parent from any decision making. That woman you just heard, CEO of health reach is correct about main law and when children can consent to procedures, medicine, potential without parental permission.


And while health reach says there are no plans right now to offer hormone treatments for so-called trans students, parents are understandably very concerned about where this is going. You saw the Maine governor with Trump last week. There's an agenda in Maine, but thanks now in part to an email campaign by a group called Courage is a Habit. Ms a D 11 has not yet approved that clinic. And we are monitoring developments closely ahead of tomorrow's school board meeting here. Now to tell us more is courage is a habit. President Alvin Louie Alvin, thank you so much for keeping a finger on the pulse of this one. So what specifically is this about they're bringing in a so-called health clinic for the children with what appears to be the express goal of excluding parents.


Absolutely. Absolutely. Thank you for having me Megan. It's a pleasure to meet you. Likewise. Absolutely. They, in fact, the one of the school board members, Joanne O'Brien, actually admitted on a Facebook post that they are providing, referring out to the transgender drugs and different treatments of that nature. So they're lying in the sense that they go, oh, we're not giving it, but they're referring out to it. And this all stems from the keeping secrets from parents in schools. This is just a logical conclusion of that because they, the school counselors are the biggest purveyors of the transgender cult. And a lot of people don't know that. And so they've been setting the tone that parents are unsafe and abusive.


They're redefining two words, unsafe and abusive. And what they do is they'll say, if you don't believe that your daughter's is really a boy, then you are unsafe and abusive. And so based on that, that foundation that they've already established in, in government K through 12 in, in Maine and in all 50 states really now they'll go, well we need the medical clinic because parents, because parents are unsafe and we need to provide the the health, the the health coverage for, for children. But what they mean by that is vaccines. Covid, covid, vacs. Whoa. Yeah, COVID vacs, birth control, invasive IUDs. And You know, Megan, it's e even taking all those horrific things aside like the transgender drugs and they can refer out to it.


These clinics are quite literally seeding their own clients. They're putting these kids in these therapies, the therapists that are affirm only therapists, they're driving their mental health to the ground and then they go, oh, they need medication. So they're quite literally seeding and creating their own customers. What do you mean referring out? How would it work in, in under the proposed, You know, system that you are objecting to? What if a kid comes in to this clinic and says, I I'm gender confused. So the first thing they'll do is they'll pair them with an Affirm only therapist, and then they'll keep that a secret from parents and they'll, so you, they'll do the pronouns, they'll call 'em by a different name, they'll, things of that nature.


Then they'll start driving them to that. And then if they need a, a breast binder or tucking, then they'll offer that. They'll give them that. Then if they start to do the cross-ex hormones, then the clinic in the school will refer them out to another clinic or another pharmacy to go get said drugs. Could they get a prescription without their parents at that point? Yes, they can because it'll be paid through by Medicaid in Maine is called MaineCare. Oh my God. So your child could first get a covid vaccine, which we, we know especially in young males has Right. A disturbingly high risk of causing heart infection.


Myocarditis would, could, could be potentially fatal without your knowledge. Absolutely. Right. And your child who maybe just be stressed out from like a divorce that the parents are going through or Sure. God forbid, a childhood sexual trauma or bullying in school and and all that. And manifest this in the more sort of, oh, it's like the hip thing to be, which is trans Right. Without you knowing gets affirmed, gets a breast binder, gets a prescription to go to this other clinic. And it sometimes it can be like a Planned Parenthood tho those are, they're very like pro. That's right. You know, they could be Right. Sending kids down this lane and, and that clinic gives them a prescription for puberty blockers into cross sex hormones, which sterilizes a child. Yep. You've got brain issues, bone density issues.


Obviously you're stopping puberty or even if you're the, the cross-ex hormones will screw up their fertility for women for girls later on. It's, it's such a horrific thing. Then You know that the re the other parts of the world are moving away from it. Hospitals are stopping it now, thanks to, You know, president Trump's executive order. But the schools, You know, the transgender cult is gonna be the last place that this completely dies. It'll be in K through 12. That's the last place it dies. 'cause that's where it started. This is not, this is not a chicken or egg thing. Right. The social contagion started in K through 12. That's a such a good point. That's exactly right. So, so that's incredible and very disturbing. But what's happening now, because there are reportedly 25 health clinics already in Maine schools.


Right. But the nonprofit that would run this new one says, oh no, we have no plans to provide hormone treatments. Well, they say that, but in other states that have that, they've already done it. And one of the things also that they lie about it, they'll say that this doesn't cost taxpayers anything. And it's a complete lie because they use federal funding. They use federal funding to stand the clinic up for that first one or two years. So health reach uses federal funding. They'll use a mixture of funding from let's say, health and Human Services or the American Rescue Act of 2021. For those of you who know it's supposed to be for Covid.


Yeah. They use it for that. And then after the first one or two years, they'll have to raise taxes, property taxes, dual referendum for, for main residents to keep the clinics going. And if you say, Hey, I don't want this referendum, it'll be, oh, you're taking, you're taking healthcare away from poor kids. It's always weaponizing your empathy. You know, we often say here, e courage is a habit. We don't have an oppression problem in this country. We have an idiot empathy problem. And that's what they always drive good people's empathy to, to get these things passed. But do we think that they're backing off of it at all because they delayed the vote on this health clinic in December and now it's not officially on the agenda for the meeting they're having this week.


Right. So do you feel like you've already won this or it's still alive? No, the thing that they do, Megan, that's really, that that's a tactic they always use across all 50 states, is they'll try to punt it until parents stop paying attention. And we've seen this, You know, my organization fights this at every level where there's the porn in schools or the critical race theory, transgender ideology, every time something like this happens, they'll punt it because they know parents are busy. And a lot of people look at punting as a victory. And so when they stop paying attention, they're gonna go ahead and sneak it in. But it's a different day and we are definitely not letting anyone forget it. And so I I, our our suspicion is that they're gonna try to punt it until they can quietly install it or, or vote it in.


But for sure the heat is getting to them because they, they should have, they, they wanted to vote this in December 5th. They snuck in this agenda on Thanksgiving Eve. Imagine that. Wow. Imagine being so proud of this, of this medical clinic. It's so good that they snuck the agenda in on Thanksgiving Eve and then they were gonna do the vote on December 5th hoping nobody was gonna pay attention. Bad news for them. We were paying attention and we're not gonna stop it. Right. And, And I should point out to the viewers, you're not in Maine, you're in Indiana. That's right. But you're keeping an eye. You've been, this is one of the reasons why I love your Twitter account, but it x thank you. You've been paying attention to what's happening in schools across the nation. By the way, if anybody wants your help or to alert you to something that they'd love your help with, what, how can they contact you?


Drop us at email at team at Courage is a hap.org or you can drop us a DM on our X, which is at Courage Habit. Okay. Now you FOIAed the school board as I understand it, and you got correct some disturbing text messages about yourself and your efforts to stand up for parents and for children. What happened? So we know that they talk a lot of mad garbage with their in, in the emails. And so what we were foing was we were looking for an, an ethical conversation between them and Health Reach. 'cause they're saying, oh no, You know, we didn't approach them and this is all above board, but we knew That that's the clinic Health reach, Health reach the clinic.


Right. And so what, so we were looking, so we foyer we were looking for that. So I had sent them an email when I was in main last and I gave them a benefit of the doubt. I said, Hey listen, you guys got this sales pitch from Health Reach. Of course, like any sales person, they're going to leave certain things out even if they're not outro outright lying to you. And this is, I I think, I mean I'll let your viewers judge, but I thought it was a pretty cordial email. I said, Hey, there's gonna be some things that you, that you don't know about these clinics that we've seen in other states. I like to meet with some of you or all of you. And I like to share some of the things that you don't know when you're installing a something as serious as a medical clinic and you're dealing with people's children's health, you should know everything before you make this decision.


Sent the email. Didn't hear from them, didn't expect that to, but You know, I tried. Mm. And then when we were foing for some of the unethical conversation, we saw that they were doing these group text messages. And in Maine, if you have either four or five people on a group text, we can foyer that. So we said, okay, we'll foyer that too. And we saw one of the texts, one of the school board members, Matthew Lily Bridge quote, You know, in response to my email offering to give them information. He said, we'll see how much courage he has when I answer the door with an AR 15 Anna Doberman.


Unbelievable. What kind of person responds to an email offering information. And he could have said, You know, Megan, he could have said, You know, we'll see how tough he is. I'll get in his face, I'll, I'll punch him in the nose, I'll punch him in the mouth. Nope. He went right to the AR 15. And this is a school board member who's literally, I'm not making this up, Megan, he's running again for his seat right now. Oh my God. So we, we reached out to him for comment Oh on that email. And he did not respond to us. He does not understand courage. That's quite clear. Although behind closed doors, he's super tough. Alvin, he's super tough. He's gonna get you. They always are.


They always are. They always are. Can you talk a little bit about that? Because you actually are courageous, this is a battle that must be fought and you've been fighting it since before it was in vogue and acceptable to be fighting it. But I understand there's, You know, your great-grandfather came to America from Mao's China. So how has that affected your willingness to get on these issues? Well, I think like most Americans, I've really took my hands off the wheel. I was born here, I was lucky to be born here. My great-grandfather, he was an older man already when he left Miles communism and You know, he owned two bakeries. Not a rich man by any stretch. Two very humble bakeries. And when Miles Red Guard dragged him out and beat him, it wasn't soldiers.


They were college kids, high school kids, just like what we're seeing today, across, across the country being developed in K through 12 and in colleges. And so when he came here, You know, it was obviously very tough. You know, you come here as an old man, you don't even know the, the language and You know, you, you, you definitely try to make a life here because, You know, there isn't a life when communism comes. So my father has always reminded myself and my siblings that he would always tell us when we're younger, if you can't make it in America, you can't make it anywhere. And like most Americans, I've really taken that for granted. I've been able to do a lot of other things in my life and not having to worry about. If you asked me, You know, 10 years ago, who my, who the, the mayor was in my city, I probably couldn't tell you much less who's on school board.


But You know, from being from California, when I saw how California turned out and You know, we moved to Indiana, I saw the same things happening in Indiana and it, but in a smaller sense in California. And I, it really hit me that, You know, nobody's escaping out of Florida to Cuba in the middle of the night. If America goes the way it's going, there's nowhere else for my children, your children, anybody's children to go. And so I think that really thinking about my great-grandfather running like that really kind of really drove me to say, You know, even in the tiniest way, I gotta try to do something. 'cause I've enjoyed my freedom so much and I've been able to do things great, You know, fun things.


And now I, I feel like I just have to do my duty. It's, it's incredible. Thank you so much for being so involved in this fight and for calling our attention to it as well. We'll stay on it and we'll keep, be keeping an eye on that main school board meeting tomorrow just to see if they do try to sneak this in and have you back on if they do. Alvin. Thank you. I appreciate it. Thank you Megan. Wow, these guys, I mean, can you imagine your kid goes to school, gets a, gets a shot in the arm that could potentially cause a heart infection, which you wouldn't even know to be checking for because they vaccinated him without your consent. And then secretly give him tucking apparatus to start messing with his genitals so he can look and feel more like a girl.


Then snap him with puberty blockers into cross-sex hormones, which sterilize a child, not to mention, deprive him of any hope of sexual pleasure throughout his life. And You know nothing. And the school board will defend this and so will the main governor. I mean this, this is how radical the left has become. This is, it's infuriating and it's another reason why President Trump won and does have the mandate. He says he does. Wow. Alright, we will be back tomorrow. We're taking your thoughts on all of this. Please email me megan@megankelly.com and then we're back tomorrow. Boy do we have a treat for you. I'm really looking forward to this, the whole show with comedian Andrew Schultz. The greatest, the funniest.


He's totally irreverent. Buckle up. We'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.