
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. I'm already really, really enjoying the Trump almost presidency. He, I think he loves the drama. I think he loves sending people just running with their hair on fire to their little keyboards to write things about him, good, bad, or otherwise. And that's what he's been doing for the past eight days in probably will be doing for the next four years. We've now reached the nuclear meltdown portion of the post 2024 election news cycle.


As President-elect, Trump's proposed cabinet takes shape. If you thought Pete Hess's nomination, that's hard to say. Hegseth, Pete Hegseth try to say that nomination to lead the Defense Department would get people talking. Buckle up baby, because another pick late yesterday, sent shock waves through both parties. President Trump announcing Congressman Matt Gates as his nominee for Attorney General. What weren't, I mean, where were you when you hurt? What? As Sarah would say, my hairstylist, it happened on the same day that the former president made a triumphant return to the White House and was greeted by a positively beaming Joe Biden.


The new cycle is a gift. We've got the perfect guests to discuss all this and more today. Joining me today for the full show, the fellas from the ruthless program, Josh Holmes Michael Duncan, John Ashbrook, and the man known to his minions as Comfortably Smug.


If you're tired of the same old coffee from the big mega corporations pushing their woke agendas, listen up. It's time to take a stand and support a brand that truly embodies American values. Blackout coffee. They stand with hardworking Americans who believe in family faith and freedom. They roast some of the most incredible coffee you will ever taste using only premium grade beans roasted and shipped to you within 48 hours. And for the Cold Brew fans, blackout coffee's, excited to announce the launch of their two new ready-to-drink Cold blue Brew coffee latte options. Don't settle for less. Make the switch to blackout coffee. Head over to blackout coffee.com/mk or use the code MK for 20% off your first order. That's blackout coffee.com/mk co. The code is mk. Join the movement. Taste the difference. Remember, with every sip, you are supporting a brand that stands for America. Be awake, not woke.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Oh, it's so good. It's, we have so much to talk about, has anything, sometimes we say the best stories for you and sometimes we just get smiled on by the gods. Yeah. I feel like it's hard to catch up. Alright. I mean, where were you when you heard Matt Gaetz? Right. Because yeah, I think we were all like, oh, Pete, Seth, well, there's a curve ball. And then it was like, no. Right. My exchanges with my team was like, well, bullshit. No, you lie. And sure enough, he's, he's proposing, he's nominating Matt Gaetz to be the Attorney General. I'm not gonna lie, I wasn't even a hundred percent sure Matt Gaetz was a lawyer until I was reminded he is a lawyer and it's had the predictable response.


Fetterman, I think probably summed it up the best by saying the following. I think this is it. Let's, let's listen to, so one, I mean it's, I I would describe it as God tier level trolling to just trigger a, a full on China syndrome to own the lives in perpetuity. Pretty accurate. I think he's right. Right. What Do guys make of it? I love that he gets it now. Yeah. I mean, he totally gets it. Well, I like, I like to think of Donald Trump as like a T-Rex from Jurassic Park and he's testing the electric fencing on Washington DC You know, like see how many of the establishment he can anger with these nominations, which has been very entertaining.


Yeah. Like he, like they had Pete Ick obviously created the defense industrial complex meltdown that we saw, and he was like, God, I really thought that would be worse. Yeah. Well, let's get a load of this one. Totally. It was, somebody was saying that like Hegseth was the prep for Gates You know, and now Gates could be prep or, or for Hegseth was the prep for Tulsi and Tulsi will be the prep for Gates. And now God only knows what's coming next. Yeah, I can No idea. Wait, I, I think the greatest renewable energy in Washington DC is outrage. Yeah, but I mean, he's threatening to take that meter down to zero.


Yeah. Alright, so let's talk about it because Gates for the, for the listening audience is, is controversial for a number of reasons. He's definitely a professional shitster. He is fiercely loyal to Donald Trump. He actually is a very effective cross examiner. And that I, now, I am realizing comes from his, his time as a lawyer. But he is very good when he is, when he is going after somebody on Capitol Hill at these hearings. But he is also, I immersed in controversy. Some salacious allegations have been made against him by the DOJ, which then decided not to, to pursue charges.


Gates has denied these charges. We can talk about them, but still under investigation by the House Ethics Committee or oversight committee. Now that's done because he resigned yesterday when this news came out. But it's gonna come up if he goes through a confirmation hearing. And then also something probably closer to your hearts, you guys, he took down Kevin McCarthy in as house speaker over on the Republican side and then kind of didn't really have a solution ready to go once Kevin McCarthy fell. But this is one of the reasons why a lot of the so-called established establishment Republicans hate him. And therefore it is, let's say, far from a guarantee that he will be confirmed because we already have Murkowski and Collins on the record seeming to say it's a no, they can't afford to lose too many others.


And You know you've got some squishes over there when it comes to these kinds of people. So I don't know. Andy McCarthy says, why are we even engaging in this debate? He's never gonna be confirmed. So this is all pointless. So who wants to take it? Any of those? Well, yeah, look, all of that is true. Everything you said is true. And he, look, he's dedicated his entirety of his congressional career to creating enemies mostly from within, like, mostly within his own party, kind of goes way beyond the establishment of your own party. He's just not played by anybody. Anybody's rules, which I, I imagine probably makes him pretty popular amongst the American people, certainly outside the Beltway. The problem is, is that you suggested at some point you have to figure out how to get 51 votes to get confirmed.


As Attorney General, I think we may have talked about this You know months and months and months ago, Megan, is that Donald Trump's nominee to be Attorney General was always going to be the most controversial of them all. It was gonna be the most difficult because of this hardened democratic opposition to it. Some concerns lingering on the Republican side about what he would do with the Department of Justice. And so like I, he just went full Leroy Jenkins on it and was like, if you're gonna, if you're, if you're gonna be controversial, well then let's make it the most controversial And I. That's where we're at. I, I do think the only thing that I'm concerned about from a Trump standpoint is how much political capital do you use on this stuff there?


He's got four years and you gotta figure out how to get a whole bunch of things done in the first six, eight months. And political capital is at its highest when you win in an election, certainly in the fashion that he did. And you begin to drain political capital out of it with each thing that you do that becomes controversial, that you have to actually use the power of the presidency to try to get through using too much on this in what may very well be something that just can't be done Concerns me a little bit because there's a whole bunch of things about that Trump agenda. The American people really, really wanted to spend all of his political capital getting Yeah. But You know he is earned the right to pick who he wants. Yep. He had a huge win last Tuesday and he has a mandate to pick whoever he wants and the Senate is gonna consider them and we'll see what happens.


But I mean, if you look at Gates, like you said, he can cross examine. The guy is not without talent. And if you look at the beginning of his career, he is a guy who supported Jeb Bush in 2016, which I think is why Comfortably Smug likes him so much. Smug really liked Jeb. So I I I look at the same data That Ashbrook and Holmes are, are presenting. And I think it's accurate. But I, my conclusion is completely different. President Trump did come away with an absolute mandate, which is why I think every one of these centers should be on board with it. And like Holmes said, there's a small window where Trump can act, and it's even shorter than four years. It's even shorter than two years. It's probably the first a hundred days where you can really move the ball before you start getting all the opposing forces organized and, and trying to stop Trump's agenda, which is why I think Matt Gates would be the perfect person you want in place in those first a hundred days.


I think what most of these people are afraid of is, oh God, we had the, the Department of Justice and we used it to go after conservative. We used it to go after Trump. You know we had Merrick Garland calling parents who would show up to school board meetings, domestic terrorists. So we don't need to send You know the same old, same old. We need to send the message that, hey, that time is up. There's a new sheriff in town. I, I can't believe I'm going to say this, but I agree with you smug. Yeah, I, it was never really a Matt Gaetz fan. I was never really a huge Matt Gaetz person at all. I haven't really spent any time thinking about him other than with that whole Kevin McCarthy fenestration thing. But I know that there are allegations against him.


There, there are no charges. So that's that. I mean, they weren't able to make any charges. And it involved his alleged relationship with his 17-year-old girl, which he's denied And. then they were accusing him of sex trafficking. He went on, he denied this. And this is the thing. He went on Tucker about a long time ago. He answered the charges. He says, bullshit. And it didn't go anywhere. So I mean, that's that. We'll see what the house says if there's something more, but if there was something seriously more, we, we would've seen a charge. But he, what I look at is two things. Number one, And I tweeted this out yesterday. If you are Donald Trump and your chosen attorney general has turned you over to Robert Mueller, who then ruined your first term as president with a bunch of bullshit, then you leave office.


And the next guy's attorney general is behind not one but two criminal prosecutions of you. And his DOJ is cooperating with not one, but two state prosecutions of you in a, a bridge that's never been crossed in our 250 year history as a nation. Then I too might prize loyalty to me above all other qualities and go with a guy like Matt Gaetz who can blame Trump for trying to pick the most loyal soldier he can find for this position. And then 0.2 is what you just said, smug Eric Holder was a partisan hack loser.


And so is Merrick Garland partisan hack loser. So what do I, I don't care. Like at this point, I'm like, You know what f you people get the fighter in there. The gloves are off. You took them off. Now Trump's brought in his own guy with the brass knuckles. It's on. Yeah. That's the greatest fear of Democrats is that other people will do to them what they've been doing to the American people. And Trump picking people who are loyal to him is exactly what the American people want. That that's why he has the popular vote on top of the electoral college in his victory. He needs to send people who will execute his vision 100%. And if he sees Matt Gaetz as a loyalist, who's willing to accomplish that, I'm a hundred percent on board.


I don't blame him. Duncan, for being a little squeamish about You know some rando establishment, attorney general. Sorry, Ashbrook, I interrupt you. You go, Go, go, go. I mean, it it, what I like I was saying, it's gonna take a very, very strong person to fix these gigantic problems at d oj and Gates will take a meat ax to it. You can, you can bet on that. And if he doesn't get there, Trump will find somebody else who will do the exact same thing to, because these problems have to be addressed. That's why he was elected. Go ahead. Oh, okay. I can see you're looking at me, Michael. I I I heard you there, Megan, am am am I squeamish about it? No, I I just to reinforce Holmes's take on this, it's like you don't wanna waste political capital and things that aren't going to happen.


I agree with everything that Smug said, and in fact, I think that it goes deeper than that. You go back and look at what James Comey did at the beginning of Trump's first administration, where he basically went to Trump Tower to President-elect Donald Trump, and tried to entrap him and gave him APO research generated by the Hillary Clinton campaign and said, Hey, did you pee on Russian prostitutes? And then he scurried back down to his car and typed out a bunch of notes and tried to leak it to the media to get a special counsel appointed. So I, I'm all for that and rooting out all of the deep state bureaucracy at DOJ and the FBI and all of those sort of things. I just don't wanna waste any time. The thing that makes me squeamish is trying to get a gates through.


And we waste a lot of time solving these problems because like you said, Susan Collins Murkowski, like that's just political reality. There are people who are going to not support him. And I saw Dick Durbin this morning, You know telling the House ethics committee that he'd love to see that report for the hearings against Matt Gaetz. And I mean it'll just, it's going to be a circus. That's all I'm saying. A circus. So just to be clear, Susan Collins, the, the reports are that she will oppose Murkowski said quote, we need to have a serious attorney general. And I'm looking forward to the opportunity to consider somebody that is serious. This one, this one was not on my bingo card, so she hasn't said no, but she certainly sounds like a no.


Then Senator Tom Tillis, Republican of North Carolina, he didn't say no, but he said the following, I have very few skills. Vote counting is one. And I think he's got a lot of work to do to get to 50. So it's really about the Republicans. There's this, this is on the record from Republican Senator Bill Cassidy who dodged politico's question on Gates saying, I'm trying to go fix a toilet between getting back for a vote. Life's a little hectic right now. I dunno whether that's signal or what that, I mean, that's what is, you're Seeing Megan, that's what you're seeing. And I think, look, there's an issue at the beginning of every administration and that what you would like to do is you take your political capital, take the mandate that the American people gave you and put your hardened opposition in a very difficult place.


And I think Donald Trump has got it the opportunity to literally break the Democratic party. I mean, you look at all of the recriminations, it's Joe Biden's fault. It's Barack Obama's fault, it's George Clooney's fault. It's Hollywood's fault. It's Oprah's fault. Like they're all blaming everybody. They don't know. You hear people saying like, oh, we've gotta moderate on social issues, or Oh, we've gotta be more clear populist opposition to big business. They don't know what the hell to do. They don't have an identity at all. But the conversation that we're having right now is a conversation about Donald Trump versus Republicans, And I. Think if you're doing that for a prolonged period of time at the beginning of an administration, you're sort of missing the opportunity to sort of forever change not only the policy that comes after, but but the political dynamic in which Democrats live in which they're very, very uncomfortable with.


Provided you have a united Republican party that is absolutely beating the drum on them. And it just makes, it makes Dick Durbin's job easier. It makes Chuck Schumer's job easier when we're arguing amongst ourselves. And I, understand. So what you're saying Holmes is, is he can go provocative, but he can't go full on nuclear. Yeah, I, I think he can do whatever the hell he wants. You just have to know that in the backdrop of all of that is that each one of these United States senators wake up every morning and see a president of the United States in their own mirrors. Right? All of them are elected statewide. Many of them were elected. Everyone that we just mentioned on this program were, were mention, were elected before Donald Trump ever came around.


Right? So like you have to try to figure out what is the best use of your political capital. And if it's Matt Gaetz, if they decide it's Matt Gaetz, well then it is Matt Gaetz, and then we'll see how that whole thing plays out. But I just worry about sort of the underpinning of that. But You know, you mentioned, I think it was you Duncan or Ashbrook, you mentioned the, the FBI and that's another thing. I mean the FBI is is within the DOJ and that's the organization that raided Mar-a-Lago and tried to humiliate him. That's the organization that spied on churchgoers under Joe Biden to see if we were wearing our masks. That is the organization that Biden pulled in to discuss whether parents objecting to the masks and the mandates and the school lockdowns were domestic terrorists.


And that is the organization that most Republicans believe needs to be shredded down to the studs and rebuilt fresh from scratch to focus on only one thing, which is law enforcement and, and not these investigations and so on. That is probably part of this too. You know there was a, a report, I think it was political today, I think. Where did you see the guy who runs Poly market had an FBI ra the FBI raid his house this morning at 6:00 AM and took his phone and other things, and apparently one source close to Trump world in an interview to I'll, I'll figure it out.


What was political or Axios, I get them confused. Said we, he picked it was Axios. He picked M Gaetz to stop shit like that. Like just to, or look at what happened to James O'Keefe, right? Like either trying to harass him, the FBI showed up and, and raided his house too after he was reporting on the Ashley Biden diary. I mean, like we really had some rogue FBI behavior here. And I can see why they think you don't want a perfectly polite You know queen's English pinky out tea sipping lawyer to run herd over these guys. And that's the thing is I, it's frustrating that you have Republicans in the Senate who always wonder, oh, would wouldn't this cause some problems?


And the Democrats never thought, will this cause some problems? When they sent Merrick Garland, when, who wasn't fit for the Supreme Court. So he's not there when they sent Eric Holder, who since running the Department of Justice, has gone on to essentially start a dark money group that gerrymanders districts across America. So conservatives can't have their voice heard. So we need to stop thinking about, oh, would this cause some problems? Am I gonna have a tough press conference? And think about what could we gain from having Matt Gaetz there if he shows up day one at the FBI and says, anyone who has a problem with me get up and leave and you see half the people in that building leave. That's a huge win. That's a solution. Yeah. I guess at the end of the day, what I would prefer is that like the opposition of this, to use an analogy from golf, you're playing a heads up match against somebody.


They take out the driver and they hit it into the water and they're out of bounds. Pull the five iron, pull a five iron and hit down the middle of the fairway and go and, and use your political capital on, I don't know, deportations, a 70 30 issue in this country, fixing the economy, ending the wars. Yeah. Those things are worth using your political capital. He doesn't need to. How does he, why? How does he, what do you, what do you mean? He, he already has the public support on those issues, so doesn't have to burn political capital to do those things. Well, What I'm saying is the Democrats on the deportation issue will make it a circus. They're gonna make it a circus on the M gate. Yes. Yes. But when, when, what's his name? Holman, his not his nominee.


Yeah. Like ho man, When All, when all this, when all that guy, when all that stuff starts to be put, implemented and put in motion, there's just an effect in, in Washington, I think three months into a new administration, six months where the cement starts to harden and it gets harder to do things legislatively. Right? And so if you get all these things in process and in motion in the first a hundred days, you're gonna reap the political benefits into the future. I mean, I think the biggest question, question, How, how much, wait, let me, lemme ask you this quickly. How much can they slow down? How much can the Democrats slow down this confirmation hearing? So like, how long will this drama be going be with us? Well, it's, it's, it's not really up to the Democrats to, to provide the pace. I mean, it'll be Chairman Grassley, the, the judiciary committee chair will set a timeline.


They'll obviously have to go through You know your background checks and your financial disclosures and all of that. And once they're satisfied with the information, then he sets a hearing date, you've got hearings and ultimately You know report on a committee and they'll set a date for a confirmation. So Democrats can't do a whole bunch about that. But what they can do is turn the judiciary committee into a big top circus as we saw, like during Kavanaugh, for example. A need help. Yeah. And, and the que the question is, look, everything that you guys have talked about in terms of the problems with the Justice Department, the problems with Merrick Garland, You know Eric Holder, insane, the FBI, everything they're doing, nobody disagrees on that. I don't think there's any Republican that disagrees with the notion that we have to do something about that.


I guess the question is whether or not you send RuPaul in to do it. Right? I mean there's different, there's different ways To get Holmes is out a Gates fan. I think we've determined Holmes is not behind the pick. And I don't And I don't dislike him. I mean, to be honest with you, Megan, my my problem has never been with Matt Gates. In fact, he's kind of said some nice things about the ruthless variety program. So I I like, I have no problem with this guy. I have a problem with us just sort of pretending Gravity doesn't exist. And I. What I really Wish we're gonna find out whether it does, yeah. I wish we would take the, the opportunity to sort of like study and understand how the most effective implementations of policy have happened. Because we don't have a very long It doesn't sound like Trump.


No, no. I it, it doesn't, but it doesn't. He all, he ran a campaign that did though You know, I mean he ran a campaign that was technically, But this is his most sensitive area. This is like the crowd size piece of policy for him. Like trigger You know, like D-O-J-F-B-I imagine. I mean And I understand it for the reasons I just stated. Yeah. Who, who has harassed Trump more than this string of DOJs is his own to begin with. Jeff Sessions recused handed thing over to Bob Mueller. Bob Mueller took over, made his life a living hell. And You know, he then he had Attorney General effort, attorney General who he couldn't stand, who he didn't feel was loyal to him.


They, and even the New York Times is reporting about this this morning. Like well they, they were grownups who were loyal to trying to keep him in check. Well, he doesn't want that. Who, and the American public may say we like it, they may not but Trump, he's not required to like it this time around. He got smart for what he wants and he is like, I'm getting a loyalist. Yep. Well, the, the, the problem was the first time around is this guy was elected president. And what Duncan pointed out about Jim Comey is that he started his job assuming that the government who worked for him and worked for the American people and the voters who chose him would carry out his mission.


What he found out on day one is that the deep state is full of people who think they're in charge, not that the voters are in charge. Yes. And he learned that he has to fight them. And so at the same time that he has to have smart, a smart plan and go up to the hill and be realistic about what's ca what he's capable of achieving, he also needs to make sure that his six is covered inside of his own administration. And without the right people who are gonna fist fight these bureaucrats who think they're in charge instead of the voters, he's not gonna be able to get anything done there either. So I think like maybe Matt Gates doesn't ultimately get there, but whoever Trump has at the Department of Justice has to be laser focused on making sure that the voters' will, is represented rather than the bureaucrats will.


Yeah. And the other thing that Eric Holder's DOJ did, and this DOJ as well is sick, the DOJ on police officers around the country on entire police forces that aren't compliant with the DEI requirements or that they basically come in and take over via a forced consent degree, which isn't consensual at all. Like, we're gonna make your life a living hell, unless you, you let us basically run your policing sounds like Ferguson, Missouri. And that harassment needs to end. And those are brutal fights too. So you do need a fighter who's kind of a mother. Yes. You need that.


That's Trump. And this is the guy like, I, I don't know, I kind of am curious to see if it could work out. Maybe I'll ru the words, maybe he will get confirmed and he'll go in there and it'll be a nightmare. But I'm kind of curious to see what it would be like. I wanna show the audience some of what we're talking about. First, we shall look at some of the controversy around Matt Gaetz, courtesy of CNN tattoo. Donald Trump's selection of Congressman Matt Gaetz to be Attorney General sent Shockwaves through Washington and the country yesterday. Gates has earned notoriety for a variety of political stunts over the years. Here he was on Capitol Hill supporting a gas mask during the Covid pandemic.


But it's been his sexual not political exploits that have landed him in trouble in recent years. He was accused of sleeping with a underage girl. And there's a reason why no one in the conference came and defended him because we had all seen the videos he was showing on the house floor that all of us had walked away of the girls that he had slept with. He'd brag about how he would crush ed medicine and, and, and chase it with, with an energy drink so he could go all night. Oh boy, that's a Republican. That was Senator Mark Wayne Mullen last Year. That's not just a Republican. I mean, that's one of what Donald Trump's most aligned Republicans in the entire conference.


I mean that, that, that is a MAGA guy through and through. Right. So what you're saying is that the confirmation hearings are gonna be NC 17, like we should not let our children watch. Is that that's where We're perspective. I don't know that we can ask for anything more. I think it's gonna be musty tv You know, here's, This is the same playbook that they pulled on Trump. They said, oh gosh, all this salacious stuff about him. There's this Access Hollywood. Oh, and there's this porn star who now owes Donald Trump money for lying about him. It's like, when are we gonna learn that you can't compromise with these people. Trump tried to compromise. He tried to play nice. He had Diana Feinstein show up at one of those press conferences. He had Schumer and Pelosi show up at press conferences and all they did was try to stand in his way and obstruct and, and now try to put him in jail.


Why should he compromise on anything? And Republicans shouldn't be focused on, oh, is this gonna, is this, can I compromise to get some more political capital? No, we gotta steamroll 'em. We got so many electoral votes. We got the, the popular vote. It's not time to worry about political capital or anything. You just steamroll everyone in your way. 'cause that's what the American people wanted. Yeah. You have a hundred days to get shit done. And then you're kind of like already, if you're a one term president closing in on la la lame duck status. Let's take a look at Matt Gates. I show you do some of the negative allegations against him, though. I, I posit that the gas mask incident is a positive for him. I applaud it. I fully support that. It was absurd what we were doing and that's what he was trying to point out. Let's take a look at the combative Matt Gaetz versus someone who is loathed by Center.


Center. Right. And right along as well. Merrick Garland. Did you ever have a family member prophet off of the notoriety of any case that you sat over? Say again? You're asking me yes or no? You're asking me to comment on a case currently? Well, it seems you're connecting the dots, Mr. Attorney in general, I'm just asking you as to a general principle, but you are aware that Judge Marshawn's daughter was profiting off of this prosecution. You are aware that that creates the appearance of impropriety You know, the very reason there's a federal rule against judges giving donations is because it is the very attack on the judicial process that we're concerned about. I'm sorry, I don't agree with anything you just said. Well, The judge is making money on it. The judge is making money on it.


Or the judge's family's making money on it for stuff that you yourself wouldn't do. You know. No one's gonna buy this. No one's gonna believe it. It's gonna create great disruption. And I'm saddened by it because like you, I have given my life to the law. I care deeply about the law. And I think that the law fair we've seen against President Trump will do great damage well beyond our time in public service. Lemme tell you, as a guy, any Republican senator go after Mayor Garland like that. That's right. And he's gonna be a handful when they try to embarrass him at his confirmation hearing. Oh yeah, yeah. no, no question about that. I mean, he he's handled himself in committee rooms just about as well as anybody. Yeah. I mean, we'll see. Look, he, he, if it comes down to a rhetorical battle, I feel pretty confident that he's gonna do just fine.


The question is whether it gets to that or not, Who are the likely no votes outside of Collins and Murkowski? Guys, I think there's about a third of that conference that wants this thing to get taken. Oh. Where they actually have to do anything about it? I, I think, look, if you wait, What do you mean? What do you mean? I think if you had a vote within the House of Representatives, which thankfully for him, you don't have to do. But amongst Republicans in the House of Representatives, I don't know that you get more than 30 votes. Like IIII think this is somebody who people, it's not an unknown quantity. You know we're talking about at Gates as though You know he's just sort of showed up and he's President Trump's pick. He is that, but he is also spent the last six, seven years around a whole bunch of people who now determine his fate.


And that is not an irrelevant piece of this puzzle. I mean, if you have Mark Wayne Mullen of all people expressing deep concern about his character, that bleeds over into a whole bunch of people. And again, They're not gonna be worried, Josh, about, about crossing Trump. You're Well, I I do. I think that's why there's a whole bunch of people who have not discussed whether or not they'll be supportive or not, unlike Pete Hegseth where people ran out right immediately. And they said, well, what a controversial pick. And people are like, well, I I think it's a great pick. I think Pete, I mean enormous amount of Republican senators that came out for a very uncontroversial pick. And I do not, just, once again, I don't want to conflate two things.


There is nobody in the Republican Conference, in the Senate who thinks you ought to have a Merrick Garland led DOJ or that what the FBI did was was great. Or that the law arrogance President Trump and his allies is fair game. Like nobody thinks that. Everyone thinks that this place needs an incredible amount of work. The question is whether this is the guy who is not only most capable of doing it, but could do it at all. And, and that as I think is what's gonna be litigated. Now it's a, there's a chance he could get confirmed here, but he's got a lot of work to do is my only point. And what I would consider for a lot of these Republican senators, especially the ones who voted to confirm Mayor Garland, is how about you rethink your thinking on what you would support for an attorney general.


Were you wrong in the past? Maybe you should go with Trump. He's been right to the point that so many Americans, you have the Democrat party. A OC removed the pronouns from her bio today on Twitter. Okay. They're on the run. She Did? Yeah. What They're they're on the run. And it's because of Trump. It's not because a bunch of Republican senators. That's shocking. No, it was Trump. And so he knows what he's doing. You gotta get on board with this agenda. The American people have said that they wanted it. Why would Republican senators stand in the way of the mission that Trump is on, that the American people have put him on? And honestly, and it's not like the DOJ is such a vaunted institution currently Yeah. In November, 2024 that we have to maintain.


It's how, how pristine it is. We can't have unto hands touching it. Please. It, it has its reputation is in tatters thanks to its own behavior. Merrick Garland ruined it absolutely ruined the DOJ. He, he, he'll have to account for that with his God when he eventually meets him. Okay. I you mentioned Chuck Schumer, who is now the minority leader and get a load of this guy. My God, the, the, it's amazing to me to watch these guys go. It's so seven To my Republican colleagues, I offer a word of caution in good faith. Take care not to misread, misread the will of the people and do not abandon the need for bipartisanship after winning an election.


The temptation may be to go to the extreme. We've seen that happen over the decades, and it's consistently backfired on the party in power. So instead of going to the extremes, I remind my colleagues that this body is most effective when it's bipartisan. Democrats will never abandon our values. But neither will we reject an opportunity to move the ball forward, to make people's lives better when we can. The question is now whether or not Republicans are willing to do the same to my colleagues on the other side, once again, do not abandon bipartisanship. That's that's completely different tune than when he was threatening Supreme Court justices when they were, when they like, Here, listen, Ashbrook, we have it.


I wanna tell you, Gorsuch, I wanna tell you, Cavanaugh, you have released the whirlwind and you will pay the price. There's Bipartisanship Going You. know what? Keep going. John hate you if you go forward with these awful Decisions. Wow. Perfect timing. I think that's the only time Schumer was surprised. It's the only time a crowd has cheered when he opened his mouth. You know he's not exactly, not exactly a great community. The worst. The worst. He's so shameless. It reminds me of a story, Megan, back in 2016, Democrats were absolutely so certain that Hillary Clinton was gonna win and they were gonna sweep in a rep, a Democratic senate.


In that point, it was a Republican majority that Schumer called McConnell the day before the election. And he said, You know Mitch, I, this may not turn out great for you. I sure hope we can count on you and we'll work in a bipartisan fashion. But I, I hope I can count on your cooperation. And like sure enough, the results come in and it's like a red wave the size of Yeah. You know the, the mountains. And so that's Amazing. Just called him back and was like, You know what Chuck, I think that was a good idea. I think That should make a lot of sense to be cooperative. Yeah. You know, I mean mean the, the Democratic Senate majority You know they are all about making DC state and Puerto Rico state and eliminating the electoral college and eliminating the filibuster.


And I wonder on that last one, eliminating the filibuster if there's still support of that You know now that, now that we control the chamber. You Think about guys, Oh, why? Well, why don't we do it just for abortion? Yeah. That's what Kamala Harris said. She believed in that we should eliminate it just for abortion. Okay, why don't we do that Now, let's eliminate minority rights in the Senate just on abortion so that the Republicans with a 51, it's gonna be 53. See Majority can push through whatever national abortion legislation they want. How do, how do we feel about that now? It's so hypocritical. These people are so dishonest. It's absurd. And they're not gonna do it to their credit. You will not see Donald Trump or these Republicans in control of the Senate and House even try that.


It's, it's a liberal pipe dream. And shame on her for even pretending that it was a reality. It's, it's not going to be. I wanna spend a minute on Tulsi Gabbard. So director of National Intelligence, which has gotten a lot of people upset as well. By the way, was it the greatest trade to get Tulsi for Liz Cheney? I mean that, I I don't think you could improve that. I, I'd make a sports analogy, but I don't know any, so they're upset, they don't want her to do this. They're, they're actually back some corners of the internet with she's a Russian spy. Like she's somehow rushing because Hillary Clinton put out that nonsense when Tulsi was so effective in that 2020 presidential debate.


In any event, what is going to happen with Tulsi? Will she be confirmed as director of National Intelligence? Yeah. I think she's got a different set of criteria in that most people do, like Tulsi Gabbard, And I. Think she's spent an awful lot of time over the last couple of years explaining her journey from You know being a Bernie Sanders supporter, essentially all the way to Donald Trump and the Republican party and, and where she's gone from an intel perspective. She's got a resume that that works amongst anyone you'd wanna see there. She's a veteran, she's very smart. She's spent a lot of time on these issues. I think there'll probably be some pretty serious questions. I mean, this is what the nomination process should look like, by the way.


I mean, you're gonna have Tom Cotton, a senator from Arkansas who's now number three in leadership who will lead the Intel panel in the Senate. And he's got some very specific ideas when it comes to intelligence, national security that he's gonna want some assurances and be addressed upon. She's gonna have that opportunity. And I think provided she handles those confirmation questions, well, I could very easily see her getting confirmed. Well, can I ask you another question? By the way, credit to Greg Price for that Tulsi for, I mean for for Chaney line. He tweeted that out earlier. Can I ask you a question? So she's gonna get in there. I don't think Tulsi is an expert in national intelligence. I don't see anything in her resume that would suggest she is, but she's an honest broker.


She served our country in the military. Obviously she was a congresswoman. She's, I think he's hiring her for her judgment and her loyalty and her sensibilities. So is that good enough? I mean, she's gonna be surrounded by a team that will help her understand the issues. But am I, am I wrong? Like as long as she's got a team that can say, here's what we're looking at, here are the decisions we need to make, she can do this job. Yeah. Yeah. I mean, no question. She can do this. I do think she's got pieces of her resume that do fit this And I. I think she spent an inordinate amount of time on national security issues in her career and sort of understands it.


There's one set of questions that is gonna be most significant amongst Senate Republicans and it comes down to a libertarian viewpoint of data collection and information collection of our intelligence agencies. This has been a battle going back to the Bush administration. You know Democrats used to be for it, And, then they were against it. Republicans have always sort of had this viewpoint of what we ought to be collecting on foreign adversaries and more libertarian leaning side of the Republican party. Think like Rand Paul has always had a problem with that and she's sort of aligned herself with the Rand Paul view of a lot of that. That is not where the center of that conference is.


But I think when she listens to these arguments and understands fully, you're right, she's an honest broker. I think she has every capability of providing assurances that she's not gonna like shut down the intelligence apparatus of the United States as some people would want her to do. She won't do that. And And I think that again, she's Not gonna go spying on civilians though. Yeah, she's not. And that's, look, that is where this whole thing has gone astray and where people have tried to figure out where those lines are. It's a very complicated process, but it's one who you, somebody like that with integrity could help get the base of the Republican party back to a, a one view of how you handle intelligence collection from our agencies.


I think the one thing that SM mentioned earlier, which is 100% true And I think is a through line on all of these picks, is like Donald Trump wants people he can trust in all of these departments to execute his agenda and vision for America. And that means they have to have loyalty to that vision, whether it's Matt Gaetz or Pete Hegseth or Tulsi, somebody with a different view who reflects the mandate that the voters gave him on election day is and is there to disrupt the status quo and the failed bureaucracy. I mean, and it's not just Tulsi, it's not just Matt Gates. I mentioned Pete Hessa. You remember for the four years of the Trump administration, it be like the idea of a deep state became a joke in liberal media.


They're like, hahaha, that doesn't exist. Right? Yeah. Exist. And then the second Donald Trump's administration was over, you had tiktoks full media reports about how people in the Pentagon slow walked his, his policies that he wanted to implement. Right? Which I don't know, feels like a fireable offense. Yes. You know that they weren't informing the president of the United States that like when he told them, Hey, this is how I wanna plan the, the step down in withdrawal in Afghanistan, they would ignore him and they'd slow walk it and they would hope he would forget. That's why these pics are so important for Donald Trump. He needs people that he can deputize at these departments to fulfill his objectives. Yeah, That's right. I gotta tell you this. So yesterday we talked a little bit about Kristi Noam, who I admit was not my favorite after the puppy killing incident.


And the reports about her and Corey Lewandowski, I'm not gonna lie, I changed my opinion of her, even though I really liked her when she came on the show to promote her book. But if she gets confirmed to this very important position, we are going to have to support her And I will. And the more I thought about it, the more I kept thinking along the lines of You know Tulsi for Liz and what a good trade this was. Who in their right mind wouldn't take Christie Noam over Rachel Levine, which is one of, He is one of the senior most HHS or department of whatever, he's over HHS officials that we have like, look at this, at least we're now replacing the fake women with real ones at this, at the top of government.


And I was just thinking about some of the freaks who have been in the Biden administration. Remember Sam Briton? The, the, yeah. The luggage thief who was stealing the women's clothes. But even before that came out, he was parading around our government with his bald head and his big red lips and his weird clothing. This s this, they hired him to work on nuclear regulatory stuff. I like, I guess I'm just sort of feeling like there's, there's only so much Trump can do to shock me at this point, right? Like I don't, and also put About the peccadillos. Go ahead. It puts it in perspective, Megan, and I'm so glad you mentioned this because like You know, everyone's gonna have a debate internally in the Republican party about Donald Trump's picks and which ones they like, which ones they don't like, and what the confirmation process is.


But in that montage you just played it's important perspective for everybody listening that they're watching this, anybody Donald Trump puts up is gonna be a vast improvement on what we have now. That's 100% true. No trans luggage deal that I know of, right? No. And And I, I'm in a venture. It's gonna be mostly like real women and real men. You're not allowed to not hire somebody because they're trans. That's what the Supreme Court said. Justice Gorsuch was the deciding vote. Even if they're in a position where they have to interact with people who might be You know very against the belief that one can, trans one's body notwithstanding what God has done to us. In any event, that's a Gorsuch thing that he, he okay in any event, but we're certainly not gonna have people parading around with bald heads and blue lips and s M gear at, at a minimum, I think President Trump will reinstitute a dress code if we get that kind of a nonsense, which is just a return to normalcy.


That's the thing is how could Any Republican senator stand in the way of President Trump when we've gone through four years of this and at like the, the, the front lawn of the White House was full of trans people who are getting topless during an event. President Biden's at like, yes, get over yourselves. What is your ego thinking that this is not how things are done in Washington? What have you seen for the past four years? President Trump is the real return in normalcy. Tom Holman would look pretty crazy with the, with the blue lipstick. Oh my God. Can't imagine Tom trying to make conversation with Sam Brenton at a cocktail party as it was kind of fun to think about, but think about, so put the Christie Nome dog thing aside, right? I mean, it's like it wasn't a good controversy and it did cost her the vice presidency potentially, but so she's paid the price, but here she comes back and now she's gonna be, if she gets confirmed running DHS compare her to Mayorkas.


Yeah, totally. Oh my God. We we're gonna get somebody in there who actually does care about the border. Trump wouldn't put her there if he didn't think she cared about the border there. I mean, it's going to be a vast improvement and she's gonna have Steven Miller and she's gonna have Tom Holman. So I'm starting to feel really good about that whole Lane You know. I mean, I think we're gonna see changes there really quickly and there's nothing, I mean that, that we know of at least that could stop the Christie no's confirmation. Yeah. Really, really well said. I agree with you on all of those points. She also has the experience, right? She spent an enormous amount of time in the House of Representatives. She's been an executive as a governor, two term governor of a, of a state, and she spent an awful lot of time around Donald Trump to know exactly what it is that he wants to do on the border and cares deeply about these issues.


I think it's a no brainer. Yeah. I I don't see, I mean, anything that stops that, Look how she handled a puppy that has a problem. We think she's gonna do a car house. Well, yeah. So that's the one wrinkle in this is new. We have a new senator from West Virginia and Jim Justice, if Jim Justice's dog, dog, He's gonna want assurances. He's gonna Want Yeah, he's he's gotta be sure that you're not coming after baby dog. Oh God, Duncan, when they mentioned Christy Nome was the choice, the internet, God bless x it resurrected. All those scary dog picks from, they're eating the dogs from that phase of the campaign. They were all over x like Christy Nome. Very funny, Very funny.


Okay, I wanna play a stop for you. It's not on immigration, but it's related. It's about the crime in our major cities and here is the New York Times', Ezra Klein talking to the guys over at Pod Save America about that. Listen, The thing that surprised me least about the election was the sharp red shift in these big cities because if you just talk to anybody who lives in them, they're furious. And this idea that like, oh no, the economy's actually good, or crime is actually down. This is all just Fox News. Like, shut the fuck up with that. Like, talk to some people who live near you. The rage I just hear from people in New York, this is partially Greg Abbott busing huge amounts of migrants here, but that does mean by the way, there are enough migrants that Greg Abbott could bus actual human bodies to New York City.


And it was a big enough problem that New York City was not able to effectively deal with it. Right? It does show that what was going on on the border was much worse. I think the Democrats were letting themselves accept the sense of disorder rising, right? Not just crime, but homeless encampments, trash on the streets, people jumping turnstiles in, in subways crazy people on the streets. You just talk to people and they're mad about it. You have to be able to govern. Well, people don't follow politics, but they live in the place they live. They see if prices have gone way up, As Rick Klein says, shut the fuck up to people who say it's not a big deal. Yeah, it's, it's so refreshing to hear something like that from the left.


And I. Gotta be honest with you, Megan, it is vindication for a guy like Stephen Miller Yeah. Who's been preaching about this problem for yes. At least a decade, if not more. And everybody's like, oh, Stephen Miller, he's just complaining about immigration again. The guy understood it from the earliest days he and President Trump worked their asses off in the first time, first time around to try to do something about it. And now he's in a position to execute on the problem that he has seen for so long. And I think that's one of the great things about having Trump back is he gets Stephen Miller back too. One of The things About the he save lives. Yeah. Oh, no question. I mean, one of the things about this election that's so interesting, if you take the like border security and immigration deal just as itself, if in history, it's been a base Republican issue.


This is the first election in my lifetime where it has bled into the center and center left. Why is that? He talked as recline just talked about it, busing what DeSantis and Abbott were doing of sharing the problem that they had with the country, with the places in the country that wanted to pretend like it didn't exist. Sanctuary City changed the conversation in a way where people are like, oh man, that is a problem. And it You saw it electorally change this map. Yeah. And. I. I guess I would just say as a caveat to all of this is like Ezra Klein feels comfortable saying that now. Yeah. Now because it's after the election and all these liberal journalists, And I saw it in Washington DC You know they would to mock the idea that the city had become lawlessness and that there was too much crime.


It's gone down. They'd take pictures during the day and spark and be like, oh, I'm so scared to be here in DC And so they were making fun of the American people for the last four years about this problem. The American people showed up on election day, spot On, And now suddenly they're having to come to Jesus, which I don't, I don't buy at all. That's right, Duncan. Yeah. Where was your honesty when it counted? Stand by. So much more to get to with the fellows will do it right after this quick break,


this holiday season, millions of families across America will rely on credit card rewards to visit their loved ones. But according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition DC politicians are trying to pass a bill that would lead to the end of credit card rewards. They say the Durban Marshall credit card bill would mandate credit cards run on alternative networks, not the trusted and stable networks that you probably use today. And that there's no guarantee that the convenience, zero liability, fraud, protection, and rewards programs, You know and love will remain. The Electronic Payments Coalition says Corporate mega stores are gonna make more money while you sacrifice your payment, convenience, rewards, and peace of mind. Find out more for yourself@guardyourcard.com and consider telling Congress to guard your card while you're at it and oppose the Durban Marshall credit card bill. Learn more@guardyourcard.com.


I gotta get your reaction. 'cause you guys are all Senate know everythings John Thune won. Yes. Yes we are. John Thon won for a majority leader. He's going to be taking the role that Mitch McConnell said he would retire from. This is despite a last minute effort by Rick Scott, the entirely pro MAGA loyalist versus the other two who are conservative. Cornin and Thune who were in the running, but I guess slightly less pro maga. I mean, they're fine with maga, they're just not like Rick Scott. So Thune won, and then after all that, Rick Scott got 13 votes, so it didn't go very well for him. So what does this mean? Because some of the core maga are fretting that John Thune is going to be somehow against Trump or try to try to thwart his agenda.


Yeah, I don't think that's gonna be the case. In fact, I don't think there was a dime's worth of difference between Thune Corn and or Rick Scott in terms of their energy that they're gonna expend trying to get the Trump agenda done and his nominees in place. I, I think the biggest issue when you look at is what are you hiring for within the Senate? And the way I've tried to explain it to people is if, if a Trump tweet gets you 47, who is it the that is best positioned to get you the last four to get to 51? And it's all about relationships within that building. And You know the external pressure that you can put on a House of Representatives is significant. They're up to every two years. These people are up every six. A lot of people were elected You know before President Trump came down the escalator and they built their own coalitions and their own constituencies.


And so ultimately it is about which leader has a relationship with their colleagues that is able to control them to get to a point where they are. I yes, on these nominees where they are a yes on the tax bill that's inevitably coming, all that stuff's gonna be super contentious. And you can bet there's gonna be 46, 47 votes that Trump's position alone is good enough to get there. But 46 or 47 doesn't get you to 51 to make law And I think John Thon is uniquely able to have those conversations. He's had these relationships with senators for a very, very long time. He knows what it is that they care about and he can make deals to figure out how to get these things over the finish line. So I think that's ultimately the, the good news for people who are maybe fretting about You know is this guy all in versus somebody who they, they perceive as being all in.


He's definitely all in. There's no question about that. The question is how can you be effective? And I think he's gonna be tremendously effective. And, and just brass tacks, I mean, John Thon has had the job of Vote Counter, he's been whipped You know. So like this is a guy who's has that experience of building all those relationships and knows what these members need. And and to Holmes's point, like you don't make law if you don't get to 51. So like that can't just, and He just Well, 50 50 now, right? 50 Now. Yeah, 50 now. Which is good because He'd have JD there, they Can lose three. Yeah. So they can lose three. So, so on any given piece of legislation, let's say, let's say Trump really wants to get a border bill through, and he doesn't wanna do this all by executive order this time you'd like to get law on the books.


That requires the next guy to do it the way Trump's doing it, who are likely to be the squishies in the Senate because You know. Well, I guess, I mean, he's gotta wa it's gonna be tight in the house too. They've got a four vote margin we expect and now they're losing Congressman left and right Ga, the elevated St. Walls, the other guy for CIA and now Gates is out. I'm, I'm assuming we're, we're guessing these people will also be replaced by Republicans, but it could, could take a while. But so, so we've got Murkowski and Collins Mitt Romney's still in the US Senate. That's three right there who don't always vote You know in line with Trump's ideals. Let's say we can anticipate how many more does he need to worry about?


Yeah. So, so Romney's done actually in January and his replacement has arrived. But I, I think you look at it in terms of yes, there's an ideological issue when it comes to the Susan Collins' and Lisa Murkowski's, but always is the case with any piece of legislation. There are, there are pieces of parochial concern, right? And you saw that play out like in the 2017 tax bill where Republicans all wanted it to get done, but they had different pieces that they were concerned about. I remember Ron Johnson, Steve Daines were vitally concerned about the idea that you had this huge corporate tax cut, but small businesses didn't get any piece of it. And so they had, they were a no until they came back to 'em and started to work through what a small business tax cut would look like.


That's gonna show up. And it has nothing to do with ideological components to it. It's like, what do I need from my constituents? And it doesn't matter. Well, We get that, we get all that. They all have their weird little things. But like you can look at Collins and Murkowski and predict You know they're soft. Yeah. They're You know they're not gonna vote the way the normal Republicans are. They're kind of, they're almost Democrat light Republican light. I don't know where you'd put them, but is there another, like, who else comes to mind as like mm, be be wary? Well, some, sometimes it's on off the other side of the spectrum as well. Like especially on an issue like immigration or border security, where you actually end up in trouble with the conservatives like a Mike Lee or a Ted Cruz. I'm not saying they won't get there.


I'm just saying it's not always the, the Squishies, the, the Collins, the Murkowski they have to worry about in some of the situations really does depend on the issue. Right? Because there was a lot of fear of that when we had those contentious SCOTUS confirmation fights where, I mean, some of these people You know, like a Cory Gardner comes to mind, who you You know, swing state people who don't think he was as conservative as some of these other people, but came out and supported those judicial nominees. Susan, Susan Collins comes to mind in that too. So like it's a little more complicated than, it's like these three votes on every issue that we have to be considered. Yeah. And you also gotta remember that sweeping legislation on something like immigration will take 60 votes. So you're gonna start counting Democrats to get, To get no, if we get rid of the filibuster, just for this one issue, Ash, just for this one, You can, you can, you can address immigration narrowly through, Josh mentioned the 2017 tax bill.


They used a process called Reconciliation for that, that allowed the bill to be passed at 51 vote threshold. And so you can do some things on immigration under reconciliation, but not as much as you, you would like to. Now we're gonna break out the Blue Books and give you a big legislative lesson for you and your audience today. It's Ing I mean, it's starting to get interesting 'cause actually, like we could get some reasonable things through once and for All and You know. We'll see. But I mean, Chuck Sch was totally in favor of bipartisanship, so it's exciting. I think he's on board with the MAGA agenda guys. That's great news. He's clearly trying to telegraph. We gotta spend a minute on Trump on Capitol Hill yesterday. Oh my God. So he goes, Hitler himself walked into the White House and shook hands with the guy who'd been telling us he was Hitler.


And it's, I think Joe Biden likes Hitler. He's pro Hitler. Now let's just watch some of the video because it's really fun to, to see. Here's some pictures. Look at this. You guys, they're all smile. Have you? It's been a long time since I've seen Joe Biden this happy. Yeah. My friends that right there on screen right is a Trump voter. Am I wrong? Prove me wrong. No, you're not wrong. I think they're planning a tee time at that moment. Yeah. Once Or for all You know, they really should do that. That would be incredible. Yeah. It, some of the Memes out there were like, it You know, having Trump say And, then I, I went to McDonald's, And then I, I drifted off as a garbage man.


Fine. Brilliant. That was brilliant. See how I helped you out by calling people garbage. Anyway, We were marveling. Nobody is amazing airplane logs in that fireplace behind. And that is drawing that is, can you imagine? It must be, it's like 400 degrees in that room. Yeah. It looks, it looks amazing to me. You know me with my 76 degree studio. I, I'm really wrestling with the whole thing because on the one hand I love to see it. You do love to see it. You know it's the way it used to be. Peaceful transition of power. They say mean things during the campaign, but we always come together. Trump blew that apart in 2020, which was no bueno. But here they are back at it. But I just feel like it's also so disingenuous because Joe Biden's, DO J's been trying to put Ju Trump in jail for the rest of his life.


And his entire party has been calling Trump Hitler even after he took a bullet to the head. So it's just, to me, it's very hard to look at that guy on screen, right. And be like, yes, shake his hand. Trump You know rah rah. Yeah, I mean, I'm certainly not like in the forgiving mood when it comes to how they've treated President Trump throughout this campaign, but it is kind of nice to have them watch them sort of grovel at this point. Yep. Like there is a, I think he said it duck and there's an element of shot and Freud do the whole thing. Oh yeah. You're just like, oh man, he's gotta sit there. But You know what he, he actually looks like he enjoys it. I mean, I don't know about the White House staff welcome scramble out You know He looked fun.


Well, the White House staff did scramble out. So when Trump was walking in, they were flocking to the steps just to catch a glimpse of him. So you've got the most famous man in the in world history walking in and nothing proves that the king has returned quite like Biden's staff just trying to catch a look. Okay. But what do we think is really going on? Because we do, we have the video, you guys of Jill Biden and Kamala Harris sitting next to each other on the Veteran's Day ceremony. Right? Pull it over. Pull it over. Because that was amazing, right? Like, we'll, we'll drop it in, but it's the two women sitting next to each other. And it, you could feel the tension.


It you, you could cut the tension with the knife and it seemed clear, although we watched a longer version of the tape and at one point we saw them smile at each other. But in the moment where Kamala Harris comes in and sits down, it is frosty to say the least. So what, why would Jill Biden hate Kamala Harris? Which is what the tape looks like. This, this is how, this is how Kamala Harris treats all Trump voters. She had always been bad to Trump voters like this. And you gotta You know. I understand. It's actually really interesting though, like pathology behind the hatred of it. This goes back to the Biden and Obama camps hating each other.


Yeah. You had Michelle Obama, who, who is very friendly with Hunter Biden's ex-wife. Yeah. And so they never liked Hunter Biden. And of course Joe and Jill are are pretty fond of, of Hunter Biden. So there's always been this chilly relationship. And as we all now know, it was Team Obama behind dethroning Joe Biden throwing him to the wolves and then throwing in Kamala instead to be on the ticket. So those two sides have never liked each other. They're Also discouraging. Just remember they were discouraging Joe Biden from the 2016. Yep. They, they basically cleared the way. Wait, but that explains the Obama's versus the Biden's. This is V VP Kamala on P Blood.


This is Jill Biden hating Kamala, which I'm just gonna say if you believe the narratives we've been fed. Kamala was not behind the coup. Kamala was a reluctant comer to the nomination. She did nothing until Joe Biden surprisingly called her that Sunday to say, I'm bowing out and I'm gonna endorse you and her. She said, thanks a lot, my good friend. And then she ran and she didn't crap on Joe Biden You know she had opportunities. She didn't do it. So why does Jill Biden stare at her like the devil just showed up in, in the seat next to her?


Well, of course it's all a bullshit story, right? I mean, the idea There, there it is. You know and look, she was, she was eagerly anticipating the opportunity, shall we say. And it didn't start that way of her actually defending Joe Biden at all. If you looked at their convention, it was like, all the problems have beset the American people just sh it is all guys responsible for all that And I just showed up. And, I'm gonna fix it all. It was a very much changed message until you started getting these stories outta the White House. These process stories about how irritated the Bidens were with that brand of messaging, which I honestly think contributed to the ultimate gaff of all Gaffes that she made on the view where she's like, oh, I can't think of anything I would do differently because of that sensitivity that had begun to set in.


'cause she knew the Bidens were so pissed off at the way she was handling it. Hmm. The other thing is now that she's lost, I mean everyone on her on her team is like Biden first they're like racist and Sexists and Biden. Yeah. Right. So I think they're pro Jill is probably like f right off Kamala. I mean, I don't think they really wanted her in the first place. No. Like, I think this goes back to 2020 and You know basically the coup and the Democratic presidential primary that Biden executed with Clyburn from South Carolina after he got boat raced in Iowa and New Hampshire by Bernie Sanders and Pete Buttigieg and Amy Klobuchar.


And then you get to South Carolina where Biden's gonna do well. And suddenly all these people who beat him decide to get outta the race And Endorse him and endorse him. And part of that deal was, I'm gonna pick a black woman to be my vice president. Lo and behold, he picked probably the worst one in America. And she's not even black. She's not even black as it turns out, I don't s a Trumpet incompetent. You, you go back and read the reports outta the first three and a half years of this administration about how she handled the job of, as vice president, the shouting matches she would get in with staff, the reams of research papers, they prepare for her, then she wouldn't read, she'd do poorly on, on camera and then complain to the staff. She had like a turnstile in the office. So nasty lady. I just think Joe Biden is smiling now.


And Joe Bri Biden is angry because like You know, he's a very old Irishman and a very old Irishman who's that stubborn loves being proved. Right. It's true. And he's, he's telling himself and she's telling him that he would've won that this was all unnecessary. He was right all along. She was of course always gonna lose. And he could have, he could have won this thing. To my point of like, they welcomed Hitler You know talking about how, how did Trump do it? How did he walk into that, into that White House and shake his hand and, and Magnanimously be like, You know politics is rough, but today's a nice day. And shake the hand of the guy guy trying to put him in jail through his DOJ. How, how did Joe Biden do it if he genuinely believes all the things he and his team have been saying about Donald Trump?


It's a question raised by Charlemagne over on, on his radio show. And he too has said that Trump is a fascist. He was. And he made Kamala say that Trump is a fascist. And now he's really wondering why no one actually meant it. Listen, Well, I I just don't understand the White House visit. Now granted, You know, I'm glad it's a peaceful transition of power, but what happened to the threat of democracy talk? What happened to the fascist talk, by the way? I know I've said those things about Trump as well, but I'm not talking about me. I'm talking about his political opponents like President Biden, when they say it, it holds way more weight than me. I'm just trying to figure out how do you go from, he's an essential existential threat to democracy to welcome back. He was happy too.


He was happy, he was smiling, he was grinning, he was cheesing say cheese he was saying was Cheez bro. I'm just Say cheese Man's got a point. He got a great point. And that's the thing is I think it's become very apparent to the American people that the Democrats actually believe in nothing. Yes. Except power. They just want to accumulate power. They have no core beliefs whatsoever left in this country. And so when you have Trump show up and the whole public sees Joe Biden being like, oh yeah, this is just a normal day. Well, I mean, weeks earlier, Joe Biden got in some trouble saying that like, we should put Donald Trump in jail. Yeah. Right. So, so this show, so the Democrats were completely disingenuous their entire campaign, the cornerstone they made it was that Trump is a fascist.


Trump is an existential threat. Well, clearly he wasn't. If they're willing to welcome him back, this is not Germany in 1933. That's just what they do now, is they malign their political opponents even after someone tries to assassinate Trump. But, but this is One of the instances in which I think Donald Trump is at his best. Yeah. 'cause he could return serve and he could be rhetorically as negative as they were the entire last political campaign. But he chooses not to. And why? Well, because there's nothing greater in humiliating a defeated opponent by making them shake your hand and smile in pictures with you. Yeah. I mean, it's just the greatest thing in world Cherry on top. Yeah. There was, did you guys see the New York Times followed this focus group of, I think it was 13 young voters since August and was asking them, how are you gonna vote?


And they had, they were all over the board. They had some had voted for Trump last time around, sometimes some voted for Biden. Some hadn't voted at all. And the, the vast majority of the voters voted Trump this time around, I'm, I'm sure, to the New York Times shock and to the shock of some of the young people who were there, who were in a part of the group. And listen to this woman, her name is Lillian, she's 27. She's from Virginia. She's white in digital advertising. She did vote for Donald Trump in 2020. And this time around she said, I voted for Trump And I made the decision the same day the mainstream media was having a meltdown after the MSG rally, I also saw an ad from Democrats about abortion misinformation. And that really made me upset. I said, You know what?


I'm gonna vote for Trump. Everybody hates him. Yep, yep. And look, it's the most powerful tool that he has and that he has all the right enemies. I mean, the people that are the most despicable people in public discourse all hate him. And when you see them so upset and rhetorically over the top, it's like, oh man, I You know I got, I kind of love that. I love. And the MSG thing was such a perfect example of that, right? They would have the American public believe that all of a sudden, if you were of Puerto Rican descent, that a roast comedian overtakes your concerns about the border, about the economy, all that stuff.


Because a roast comedian did a, a bit at, at Madison Square Garden, like, it's just disingenuous and ridiculous. And if you listen to that as a voter, you're like, man, I'm not for any of that. Well, because it's insulting your intelligence as a voter. Right. And like, you see those abortion ads that lied and you're like, wow, that's insulting my intelligence as well. And so then you're going back in the catalog of things that the media has told you about Donald Trump, and you're thinking, well maybe those are lies too. Yeah. Yeah. Because if they're willing to lie in the ads Yeah. If they're willing to lie about this rally, what else are they lying about? So I they did it to themselves. You don't think her passion was small businesses? You Don't think she eats No. For breakfast Sexist, not only did Trump win despite that, but now he has Democrats questioning whether their identity politics tactic is worth pursuing any further.


I mean, you have the Clinton, the wokes internally in a way that we haven't seen in quite some time long time. It is, it's one of the best outcomes of this election. What's your, what's your prediction on that? Because You know you mentioned a OC that she took her pronoun pronouns out of her bio, which is amazing. The, apparently my crack team tells me two years ago her, she also took her pronouns out of one of her bios on one of the social media sites, and then promptly posted this. Oh, I'm sorry about that. They used to be on there. Let me go in and check and see if I can add them. Sorry about that. They used to be there. I guess they fell off. But I'll put 'em on right now. They fell off.


What's They fell off. Fell off. What happen? How Does, how do your pronouns fall off of your bio anyway? We don't know if it's real. That's the issue, right? Is that like the base of their party is that, and it's less people than it is us. Yeah. And that's why they lost that election. But they have a very strong enforcement mechanism with people like a OC on the internet. There is a litmus test for these people and it includes putting your pronouns into everything. And yeah, they are having a little bit of a come to Jesus moment here and starting to think internally about what You know they've done on social issues or whatnot. But that's only gonna last so long as there's a vacuum in, in the information flow for all of their supporters.


And with Donald Trump putting up all these nominations and a, a, a listener to Ruth Lewis mentioned this in a comment on today's show. But like with all this going on, they're gonna get right back into the breach with the craziest whoa takes because they have to, because they have to keep the base of their party happy. And I think ultimately that's gonna be their undoing. Let's talk about the postmortem that the Dems are going through right now because they're blaming everything. But Kamala frankly, and I'm gonna have more to say on that soon, but there's a big piece out now that, let's see in the nation that Liz Cheney was an electoral fiasco for Kamala Harris.


And they go through the places where Liz Cheney appeared with Kamala and she drove up the Trump vote. She, She did not help Kamala at all, which comes to the surprise of no one sitting here. Politico did a, did a piece talking about how, let's see Muslim leaders in Michigan who were out there stumping for Trump, the interviewing people and talking about why the Muslim vote went Trump's way. This is a quote from one leader there. What really pushed me over the edge is when Kamala Harris brought Liz Cheney to our backyard. Liz Cheney didn't help, but can we fairly blame the loss on her?


No. I mean she's certainly part of it. The constituency as we have found out for the Liz Cheneys of the world and like the Tim Millers and the bill crystals and this sort of bizarre never Trump movement that like is somehow went from conservative to very liberal and then tried to pretend like it was all the same. Like a constituency doesn't exist. Yep. And You know, you could see them when they're watching the reelection returns, the realization on their face that they're literally speaking to like, oh no, is our grift Over? Yeah. It's like that's in part, but I mean, I also posit that when you're like putting white papers out about tax breaks for You know black men in the last week of your campaign, like you're just not exactly where you ought to be from a messaging standpoint.


Yeah. He just never got there. I Don't think you can blame Liz Cheney for Kamala Harris. Losing what you can blame is their fascination with the nevertrump movement. Yeah. As a constituency. Yeah. Distracting the Democrats from answering the questions about the simple pocketbook stuff that decided this election and they couldn't figure out how to do that. They couldn't talk about the border. They were talking about You know Liz Cheney. Yeah. And like the distraction is ultimately what cost her. Again, with any luck, we'll face Kamala Harris again in 2028. I mean, I I Don't Yeah, I I don't think they will learn their lesson. And one good indicator of the way that party is headed is what they did with the state of Iowa. Remember on the Democrat side, just as the same way as on the Republican side.


The state of Iowa used to be the first vote that everybody in a primary had to go through. They removed that from their calendar so that people from California and people from the East coast who want to be president on the Democrat side don't have to talk to voters and fly over country. Yeah. And as long as they don't have to check a box or talk, learn how to talk to people from Iowa, they are absolutely gonna keep nominating lunatics. I I've maintained on this show in the past week and before, there's no, they can't excise woke ism from their party. It's too ingrained. It has metastasized. It's stage five. It's, I'm sorry, the, the, the honest oncologist will tell you it, it's over for you.


So there's gonna have to be some sort of a separation that, that that branch of the Democrat party has gonna have to be, become like the never Trump branch of the Republican party exiled, irrelevant and a joke. If Democrats wanna win again, you just, you're going to have to forge on without them. You will not be able to convince them to stop saying they're crazy shit. I mean, I think that's the thing is they've become so insular. I I've called them, they're a single issue, single gender party that doesn't believe in gender. So that's not exactly how you built the winning coalition. And I don't think they're gonna moderate. I saw a clip the other day from the Daily Show where John Stewart said, okay, here's what the problem is.


And then he ran some ads that you saw in swing states where democrats who were running were trying to say, I do see that the border is a problem and that You know the economy isn't great. And him and his audience were shocked and they're like, no, they should have been running further to the left. Yeah. That's their diagnosis from getting shellacked. Oh yeah. They're like, no, we didn't go far. Left enough Far left. He's as woke as they come. I mean, I don't know if you caught this exchange. I don't run John Stewart clips on this show because he's too big a prick. And that's saying something because I run a lot of prick thoughts on the But no f him, And I don't recommend you click on his videos on the internet either. 'cause it's just endures to his benefit. Here is a clip from CNN yesterday.


This involves a woman who I actually don't know who she is and also Nicole Hannah Jones is in it. And the valiant Scott Jennings once again trying to be the voice of reason ex explaining to them why she lost, why it's not a good thing. That the military is woke. And I believe the longer discussion was about why peak headset headset will be a good choice to sort of clean some of that up within DOD. So take a listen to this piece of the conversation. Did you see the election results? Yeah, I did see that. Lemme ask question. Coalition together. Lemme Ask you question. When you say anti woke, when you say woke, do you think about a certain class of people, a certain group of people outside of yourself?


I'm just asking you that question. It sounds like that to me because I'm a black woman and I'm speaking from my experience. So I'm asking you from your experience when you hear anti woke or woke, does that identify a group of people? That's all I'm asking you. 'cause I'm asking you to help me understand. So I know what you're saying. I mean, I, I tend to think about hyper liberal people who have a fundamental disregard for You know the underpinnings about founding of our country and, and who wanna fundamentally change our society in ways that are not in line with a vast majority of the American citizens. That's what I tend to think about. I mean, but those weren't my words Republicans. My point is, my point Is criticized Lloyd Austin And, I criticize Secretary Army, both of whom are black men in the highest levels of the military.


And a lot of the arguments is that they're woke at which to carrie's point, it sounds like, it sounds Very much about Google people, that it's cold. It's, it sounds like dog whistle politics. It sounds like you're talking about a group. People. I keep going. Just keep it up. Good luck. Good luck getting that out of your party. The the anchor, the guests Kerry champion is her name, former sports broadcaster, the you because they want Lloyd Austin gone. They're anti-black when they cite the fact that he's woke and pushing a woke military that makes you anti-black. Just as an aside, that's the best comedy on television today. I don't know if you've seen, every day there's a, a six or seven different clips from that show where it is an absolute circus.


It's, And still no one's watching it by the way. It still has terrible ratings. I the clips are just circulated amongst people like us to make fun of. I like to call it the CNN therapy hour. The, the downside is, the downside is there may be a side effect to consuming this drug. And that is pte. You don't want Prolonged exposure. no, that Is for sure. What's the side? Is that, what did you, did you say Ed? 'cause that probably comes too. No, I said Ct e You know from ct. Although, although maybe You could make the case. It's amazing that like you see these clips and Scott Jen is like, here's my advice. Be normal.


And they're like, no racist. It's So bad. It's amazing. I got another example of it. Now this person is not a politician and she's not a newscaster, but she's pretty famous and she's been in the news for bad things over the past couple of years as far as the right half of the country's concerned. Her name is Rachel. Zegler. Oh, Ziegler. I don't Ziegler Z. Okay. There's something wrong with this person. She's also known as the star of Snow. White and the di the Disney movie. Remember she was out like a couple years ago being like, ah, there's certainly not gonna be a prince rescuing me. I can tell you that.


And then Disney, even Disney got on its heels and they're like, we're gonna reshoot the movie immediately. Like, we're, we're gonna make some changes. 'cause there was so much backlash to her arrogance and just in Inanity. Well, she's back and she's very, very upset about the Trump win. Okay, here is, this is a post she made on X. Here's what she posted. And by the way, she's starring right now in Broadway's Romeo and Juliet. So don't go see that. Okay. She writes, I find myself speechless in the midst of this another four years of hatred leaning us towards a world I do not wanna live in leaning us towards a world that will be hard to raise my daughter in PS She has no daughter.


She has, she has no children at all. Leaning us towards a world that will force her. Who's her? Your daughter who doesn't exist. Okay. To have a baby she doesn't want talk about borrowed worry fellas leaning us towards a world that is fearful. Yeah. 23 years old, no kids. I shouldn't be this shocked, but I am, I am heartbroken from my friends who awoke with fear this morning. And I'm here with you to cry, to yell, to hug, to wax poetic on how the left continues to fail us in forging a new path forward. This loss should not have been, and it certainly should not have been by so many votes.


I echo Ethel Kane's statement more than anything may Trump supporters and Trump himself never know Peace. Yeah. What the f Yeah. How Then she discusses the deep, deep sickness in the country. There's no help, no counsel in any of them. She attacked Twitter and Elon and finished with fuck Donald Trump. Oh man. Hello Disney. You're gonna have to redo your film again because this woman is a pig. And you fired Gina Carrano for far less than this nonsense. That's the thing is so Disney. I mean, this saga, like you said, goes back a very long time.


So she initially comes out and Disney's first film that they ever won an Academy award with was Snow White, it's Beloved by You know children and parents all over the world. And she says that, that's actually a very creepy story. A woman doesn't need to be rescued by a prince and just attacks the film. That is the cornerstone of everything Disney's built. They have this like PR move where she goes on. She's like, no, actually I love Snow White. It's a very nice story. And she steps in it again. And this comes at a time when Disney Stock keeps going down. Yeah. And they're like, please just do not say anything. And yet again, they can't. It's so simple. It's so simple. It's like we took all these beloved things that everybody loves and we ruined them and we're shocked that we lost this election.


Yeah. That people You know revolted against that. Yeah. No, there are a variety of responses that come to mind when you hear her post, but it is music to my ears. And I'm not sure which part she's playing in Broadway's Romeo and Juliet, but I feel like that sets her up for a leadership position in the Democrat party. And I would like to see her on a major party. Totally. Of course she's Juliette, of course And don. They'll have no problem with this. Can you pic picture a Broadway actress who issued a post saying F Biden supporters May Biden or Kamala never have a moment's peace.


That person would be fired so fast. It would make your head spin. They wouldn't last one more minute in any Hollywood role. It's, this is truly like she has to go, I'm sorry, Disney, she has to go. Right now they're dealing with the controversy with a, B, c, with one of their biggest stars. Michael Strahan, who refused to put his hand over his heart for the anthem and the blowback just for that. He stood there with his hands in front of him, even though he is the son of a military vet. The blowback has been enormous. It is dominating like the Daily Mail now for a week, for four days now. It says whatever since Veteran's Day for that.


And you're gonna put out a Disney film with Snow White, a beloved American character with a woman who hates more than half the country, the hat that just elected Donald Trump. This is an incredible pivot point right now. We'll see which way the woke Disney decides to go. Yeah, no, no question about it. I also think it's just sort of a microcosm of this larger issue that Democrats and progressives have had in that they literally need to implant brain damage into people. And, and you see it like, I mean, look at that quote that you just read from her. I mean, just completely insane. If you're going to distract millions of people from a failed economic policy, open borders, things that demonstrably make their lives totally worse, the only way to do that is to give them actual brain work.


Yeah. Right. And like really pollute their information flow to the point where they, they don't know how to handle themselves in public. And like, you just don't see that on the right hand side. Yeah. You know, it's like you can have huge disappointments, but it's like, ah, You know life goes on for them. It's like, no, it's the end of eternity because I've, I'm surrounded by this information flow that is convinced me that literally is coming back. And it's just, it's sad honestly. Right? It's no wonder that institutions like Disney and a B, C are so out of touch with reality when you consider the fact that they, 80%, 90% of the people who work in both of those organizations think exactly like she does.


Yeah. And until they have a 50 50 split, they're not gonna understand a 50 50 like half Republican, half Democrat. Until they have that, they're not gonna understand how to talk to regular people. Well, Ashbrook, there's a report out today about how these, so-called mainstream, meaning corporate media dinosaurs are in a full blown panic right now trying to find people who actually understand Donald Trump and his voters to come and be commentators on their shows. Like The View. Then there's this whole debate about is somebody gonna get fired? 'cause already, believe it or not, they have two purported conservatives on the view right now. I know you don't know that, but, but they all hate Trump. They all hate Trump.


So it's like, well, did they bring in a seventh chair onto the already crowded table? Or do they fire somebody replace an A with an actual Trump supporter? I, I'll be shocked if they find an actual, even Megan McCain was never a Trump supporter. She was just a conservative. They haven't had an actual Trump supporter on there, I think ever. So that's the same network. So they're worried about how to get a conservative, a Trump supporter on the view that's gonna put out this with this star who hates us, who's awoke, Snow White. Like they don't know what to do. They, they have no conservatives in their lives. They, they aren't outta the echo chamber. They're in the same echo chamber as this Rachel Ziglar is. And that's why they can't figure out how to fix anything.


Right. And you don't solve the problem with window dressing. One person sitting on the desk at the view, having a conservative point of view, is not gonna change the problem because they're gonna get bullied to kingdom come when they get, when when the cameras go off. They need to change the culture of these places. Yeah. It has to be half Republican, half Democrats just like the rest of our country. Yep. And in the case of A, B, C, I think they should hire 50.2% of their staff. There we go at the Republican to look exactly the way the popular vote looked last. Oh, I mean, I guarantee the crew over there is already Republican. The crews tend to be more leaning. They're the best piece of network news. I love all the crew guys I work with, even at NBC, they got a look into on air talent and the producing staff and the administrative staff is a different story.


So they're not going to, and that's the problem. It won't work. You're right. Because look what's happening on CNN. We just played the clip with the great Scott Jennings, who's been a one man You know Yeah. Band over there trying to take down these liberal talking points. It's entertaining for us to watch. He's not saving cnn. CNN's ratings are in the fucking toilet. Sorry. They are. So it doesn't, it's not gonna save you unless you actually change the way your network is set up. Un, until you actually get the big first. Sit down with Kamala Harris and you send a real journalist in there. Not you Dana Bash to ask actually hard questions with follow ups that are pressing. It's not that hard. It was a mere 10 years ago that you had journalists over there who would do it. You let it slip away too fast.


All right, wait. Lemme take a break. We're gonna come back and we've gotta discuss what happened today. That is making me really, really happy.


Trust in media is at an all time low and for very good reason, stories can be shaped or even buried depending on who is in charge. This is why Ground News exists. A platform prioritizing transparency, allowing users to see the full picture without filters. Ground news is an app and a website that aggregates related articles from around the world highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. It also reveals stories under reported by one side of the political spectrum. For example, Ben Shapiro re recently accused the New York Times of trying to silence conservatives on YouTube and left-Leaning Media shockingly barely covered this ground. News shows that over 75% of the coverage came from right-leaning sources. Ground news has an entire blind spot feed with stories like this revealing how media narratives shape the conversation. This year, they're offering a 50% discount on their vantage plan, giving unlimited access to their website and app. Check 'em out@groundnews.com slash Megan. That's ground news. G-R-O-U-N-D news.com/m Megyn to take control of the news that you consume.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


The reason for doing it and kissing goodbye. My 1.9 million followers over there is because I hadn't been posting for a long time, I just didn't wanna contribute content once it was purchased by its present owner. But just having it there, I was only holding onto it because I You know really didn't want someone trying to take over that name and using it for nefarious purposes. I was a little bit worried about that. The name of Joy Reid on X is what she's referring to. She's peaced out from X guys and this makes me thrilled. Goodbye. We won't miss you. Take care. And she is not the only one.


I'm gonna give you another video. This one too is going to bring a little single tier of joy. Watch. I have loved connecting with all of you on Twitter and then on X for all of these years. But it's time for me to leave the platform. Take care. I must believe that it was a place for honest debate and discussion, transparency and free speech. But I now feel it does not serve that purpose. Starting this Friday, November 15th, X is implementing new terms of service, which among other things states that all disputes be brought exclusively in the US District Court for the northern District of Texas or state courts Oh sure. Located in Tarrant County, Texas.


Now, as the Washington Post recently reported on Exus decision to change the terms, this quote ensures that such lawsuits will be heard in courthouses that are a hub for conservatives, which experts say could make it easier for X to shield itself from litigation. Sure. Done. And punish critics. I think that speaks for itself. Oh sure. That great. I Hadn't, he's out seen and she's out and he wants us to believe it's because of the forum selection clause in the new suppose to the fact that everyone hates him. Ah, yes. Then it And she's only been there guys because she didn't want someone to seize her name.


Yeah. And misuse that. Okay. Sure. I mean, these people, they, this is a rash, it's a rash of of of Twitter exits. Jamie Lee Curtis quit. Bette Midler deleted her account. The guardian, the the You know the paper left x It's been, it's absolutely delightful to see them run. Well, the hilarious thing is, if you look at the metrics, there's more people who are joining and, and the metrics in terms of Yeah. The number of tweets. The people who are on there keep hitting new record highs. And it's not an airport. You don't have to announce your departure. Like no one cares. People leave. If your lesson from like, wow, looks like we didn't know what the American people are actually concerned about, are we in an information silo?


Let's all leave and create our own like in bubble super Great takeaway. Exactly. From not knowing what people think is like, oh no, I, I need my own information silo. This has gotten way outta hand. But also like Get away from the people who might help me. Like Joy Reid to her. She was squatting on her account basically because she was afraid somebody would take it and use it for nefarious purposes. Just as a resident ex expert, smug, is there anything that we could do with that name that would pollute the internet More than your free? I mean, I would absolutely hope, I mean, we could start hopping, like using her name to send out normal tweets and people are like, what's going on? She okay.


You could throw out like a few, like a Chief Justice John Roberts. The way to stop discriminating by race is to stop discriminating by race People be like, what? What? So she got hacked here. Mark Andreson, he, he posted the following in response to all this. X needs a dramatic exit button. It's so true. Like to your point, I'm leaving, I'm leaving dramatic exit. Here I go, everybody, here I go. It's like the Irish goodbye when you, when you announce you're Irish. I'm Irish. Goodbye. It's happening. I'm leaving Irish goodbye. You're completely undercut your whole point. They just want attention. And You know what else they'll be back. Because Joy Reid can't stand to lose her 1.9 million.


That's, and Twitter is the best. It's the best news source there is. Right Ahead Duncan. Sorry. She checked the amount of Followers she has, which tells you everything you need to know. They're just vain people. Yep. Who love attention. They love to be dramatic. Just like that woman who made the Instagram post. She's in theater. They're in theater too. They'll be back 'cause they love a crowd. But there was one that really did break our heart because it goes to the core of the game that we play on the Ruthless Riding Program. King of the Hill, Jennifer Rubin. Yeah. That, that's gonna be a real content hit for Brian Ber. Yeah. You know. I mean, we've been using her stuff for years. And I don't know what we're gonna do. I Mean that's as Ashbrook that we should name the King of the Hill trophy after her. Just like You know in n in the NFL, the Super Bowl trophy is the Vince Lombardi trophy.


It would be The Ruben. Yeah. That that's the only downside. Well, here's what she said though. She said she's gonna, she's gonna post work on X, but she's no longer going to communicate on X. And now she's protected her tweets. And this guy at political, Adam Ren posted in response, you can find my statement on why I am leaving X and all my answers to replies about why I have left X and all replies to replies about why I've left X as well as all my future posts exclusively on X. That's pretty good RT that now Jump on that. But I'm leaving.


I'm gone. You won't have me to kick around anymore. Just all my content, but not me personally. Except occasionally when I have something important to say. And then you won't even be able to reply to me unless I think it's a really good post. And, I wanna open up the replies to see how many clever ones I get. And then, but other than that, I'm done. It's over. I'm off ex How about the Guardian? Like this is a, a news source and it tweets out the US presidential election campaign served only to underline what we've considered for a long time. That X is a toxic media platform and that its owner, Elon Musk has been able to use its influence to shape political discourse. This is supposed to be a news outlet that can't take news. It finds upsetting, Right?


Yeah. It's the exact opposite. Yeah. It's It's supposed to be a news outlet. It it's, it's the shaping is what they're concerned about and the fact that they can't do it anymore. Yep. Because you've got people on x where free speech is actually back again. And the thing that they loved about Twitter, it's its predecessor, was that they would shape it. Right. And you just wouldn't see any pins that they Disagree with. And just compared to 2020 where then ownership of Twitter and, and, and the regime that they had in place would ban and block people who posted about Hunter Biden's laptop. They're like, Nope, nope. This is disinformation. I got banned for a week for zooming in on a picture that Hunter Biden's from his laptop of him on a bed with hookers and there was some like stuffed animal on the bed. And I just zoomed in and tweeted the picture of the stuffed animal.


And I got banned for a week, pervert where it used to be. And they're not these for a news organization. They're not comfortable in an environment where people can freely discuss ideas that says the problem right there. One, one thing that's kind of funny over the last couple of years, there have been these left winging alternatives to X Oh yeah. That have stood up and somebody went through them over the last week and they said, you'll notice every single post is complaining about X. Oh, no way. I mean, I do believe it. That's You know. I look at this And I think these people wouldn't last one day living the way. Right-leaning people live in this country.


Yeah. Right. Where everything around you is controlled by the other side. The messages are uniformly against your worldview. The messages your kids get at school, the the ads you see while riding the bus, the advertisements for the new movies on Netflix, the papers that arrive at your house, the cable news anchors, the debate hosts the sports arenas. Everything is against you. They wouldn't last one day living in our shoes. A hundred percent. Right? Yeah. I mean they're like, well, we control Hollywood. We control ever, every single media publication in this country. We have control of the government. Merrick Garland will kick in doors if you disagree with us.


Why is Twitter the one place we can happen here? I'm out. I'm out. And now they go. They're over at like Jack Dorsey who used to run Twitter, has started his own new thing. And good luck getting any conservatives to go over there because we're all still over on X, which is the greatest newsfeed in the world. That's why all these liberals will remain. It's only these far left lunatics who are leaving. Although Don Lemon has principled reasons, he really doesn't like the foreign selection clause and doesn't wanna go down to Western Texas. Sure, Don. Sure. So it's going to be yet another echo chamber. There's absolutely no need for this. Mark Zuckerberg already created threads, which doesn't appear to be doing very well, and this won't, one won't either. The reason most people use, it's, they get their new news there and it's a great place to do that.


Guys, it's a pleasure. It was just as great seeing you as I knew it would be. That's so fun. thank you for having us. thank you so much. Till the next time, don't forget to check out the fellas on their YouTube feed. Well worth your time. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS No agenda. And. no fear.