(0s):
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan. Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Wednesday, May 28th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. Boy, not Boys.

(41s):
True girls are girls this year did not belong. Competing against those girls, period. As parents Rail against a biological boy competing in girls high school track meets President Trump sends Governor Gavin Newsom a warning. The FDA announces updated COVID vaccine recommendations. In week three of the Sean Diddy Combs trial kicks off with explosive testimony from a former employee. I don't hear no I eat no for breakfast. Kamala Harris dishes. Some words of Wiz, well some words in Australia. All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.

(1m 20s):
Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement and every day you wait might make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies and wage garnishments, you don't wanna mess around. Okay, the good news is there's still time for Tax Network USA to help self-employed or a business owner even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. You may have missed April 15th, but you haven't run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move.

(2m 23s):
President Trump calling out Democrat governor of California Gavin Newsom for allowing male athletes in his state to compete against females. He says in violation of his historic February 5th executive order entitled, keeping Men Out of Women's Sports, the President Posting on Truth Social Quote This week, A transitioned male athlete at a major event won everything and is now qualified to compete in the state finals next weekend. This is not fair and totally demeaning to women and girls. Please be hereby advised that large scale federal funding will be held back maybe permanently if the executive order on this subject matter is not adhered to the president. Adding an order to local authorities who that is remains unclear to, if necessary not allow the transitioned person to compete in the state finals, which again are this weekend.

(3m 13s):
The male athlete in question. AB Hernandez from Harpa Valley outside of Los Angeles Hernandez placed first in the Women's Triple Jump and long jump at the California Interscholastic Federation or CIF Southern Section Masters this past weekend. He jumped four feet longer in the triple jump than the real winner Reese Hogan and more than five inches farther on the long jump than real winner Katie McGinnis, CIF Southern section. In an obvious effort to appease angry parents on Tuesday, just hours after Trump's post announced a new pilot entry process allowing biologically female student athletes to compete in the upcoming state track and field championship that missed out on qualifying initially because of a trans athlete.

(4m 1s):
So these girls will have yet another chance to compete against this biological boy, which doesn't exactly solve their problem as of now. Hernandez is still allowed to participate. Here's what he said earlier this year about the state championships. I just keep telling myself, you are number one and it's yours to lose. Expect just to keep my phases longer, push more, work out more, get further. Hopefully hit a 41 this year if it's possible, preferably at state so that can possibly win. Hernandez has lost some events this season but has mostly dominated winning one triple jump event by eight feet in February. Hernandez's wins at these events, a major source of contention in the community.

(4m 43s):
One furious mother confronting AB B'S mother at a March event. I have a Right to speak truth boy. Night Boy is true. Girls are girls. This you did not belong competing against those girls. Period. What a coward of a woman you are allowing them, telling girls to go and compete against a boy. How embarrassing. How would mother, you're upset mother, stand up like a mother. I am a mother. I'm protecting girls. Some parents and spectators erupting with vocal support for the female athletes at different meets throughout the season, making their stance clear from the sidelines. After a May 17th meet Reese Hogan who officially finished second in the triple jump behind Hernandez. A result that was repeated last weekend stood for just a moment atop the first place podium after the medal ceremony was over, receiving thunderous applause from the crowd.

(5m 31s):
In a show of solidarity, Hogan set a new personal record and school record with her jump. Kate McGinnis the second place finisher in the long jump, also at the May 17th meet speaking out on Fox News after her loss. I have nothing against this athlete is a person and I have nothing against the trans community. I watched AB do their jump and the numbers on the screen lit up to 19 feet, two inches, which was the furthest mark of that day. Normally something typical that long jump athletes will do is they start a clapping sequence kind of to gain momentum from the crowd and kind of feel the rhythm of the jump. And so I did that and I ran down the runway.

(6m 12s):
I landed and I watched them measure my mark and it was 18 nine and I just remember thinking that there was nothing else that I could do that that was it. Winning CIF was has always been a goal of mine and I just, I wasn't able to compete with someone who is genetically different than me. Ab Hernandez is delighted with his wins calling claims that he has male advantage idiotic because sometimes he has lost his mother. Adding quote, her identity does not give her an advantage. It gives her courage corrected with the proper pronouns. That sentence reads, his identity doesn't give him an advantage, it gives him courage. In March, governor Newsom admitted to conservative influencer Charlie Kirk, that boys competing in girls sports is deeply unfair.

(6m 59s):
The governor following up on those comments a month later at a press conference saying the issue was low on his priority list due to the small number of trans athletes in California. Mr. Newsom also saying his administration just can't figure out how to handle the issue. We worked with experts. We literally were talking to some of international Olympic committee experts. We talked to our own state experts. We were trying to figure this out and and couldn't figure it out and that's my my my point of view that I just couldn't figure out how to quote unquote make this fair. According to California's legislative analyst's office, the state received roughly 8 billion from the federal government for K through 12 education for the 24 to 25 school year, about 6% of total K through 12 funding.

(7m 42s):
While the Trump administration has signaled it may withhold funds from states that defy his titled Nine Protections for Female Athletes, it remains unclear how much of that 8 billion California could lose any move to freeze funding would likely trigger an immediate legal battle. The Trump administration on Tuesday announcing an update to COVID vaccine recommendations. As of today, the COVID vaccine for healthy children and healthy pregnant women has been removed from the CDC recommended immunization schedule. Last year, the Biden administration urged healthy children to get yet another COVID shot. Despite the lack of any clinical data to support the repeat booster strategy in children.

(8m 27s):
There's no evidence healthy kids need it today and most countries have stopped recommending it for children. We're now one step closer to realizing President Trump's promise to make America healthy again. The FDA's new framework for COVID vaccine wrecks as published in the New England Journal of Medicine still recommends the vaccine be made available for Americans over age 65 and younger people with one or more high risk factors. High risk factors include obesity and mental health conditions like depression. The Trump administration estimates that 100 million to 200 million Americans will have access to vaccines based on these guidelines. FDA Commissioner Dr. Marty McCarey, who co-authored the New England Journal of Medicine piece elaborating further on the Trump administration's thought process last week in front of the Senate subcommittee on agriculture, rural development, food and drug administrations and related agencies.

(9m 20s):
It's been four to five years since we've had a randomized control trial and so we don't know the right number of boosters that a healthy American should take. Do we believe in giving 80 mRNA shots to a healthy girl born today in her average lifespan of 80 years? Is that the right answer? There's been no data to support it, so we are doing our job to say that if we are going to approve a COVID vaccine for younger healthy Americans, we'd like to see some clinical trial data. Should we blindly rubber stamp a vaccine that creates a new protein in the body every year for the rest of our lives for the next a hundred years? I don't think so.

(10m 2s):
Coming up, former Sean Diddy Combs employee Capricorn Clark takes the stand in the mogul's criminal trial providing more insight into the alleged incident between Combs and musician Kid Cudi and Kamala Harris spreads her words of she spreads her words in the land down under.

(10m 25s):
I would like to introduce you to a new brand of Angus beef. You can order it directly from Riverbend Ranch, which is located just a few miles from West Yellowstone Montana. Riverbend Ranch raises their cattle a lot differently than most ranches. For example, they never use artificial growth hormones or antibiotics. They track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life and they handle their animals humanely and with respect. But most important is the quality of the beef. You'll find it as tender and flavorful as the finest restaurants, and that's because they have spent the last 35 years selecting cattle for tenderness and flavor, aging their beef to perfection for 21 days. The result is some of the most tender and flavorful beef you have ever tasted. You cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store and since it is shipped directly from the ranch to your home, you get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from Riverbend Ranch dot com. Use promo code Megan to get 20 bucks off your first order. That's Riverbend Ranch dot com code Megan, and be prepared. Once you taste it, you're gonna be coming back for more. Again, that's Riverbend Ranch dot com code Megan

(11m 41s):
Tuesday Marked the beginning of week three of the Sean Diddy Combs criminal trial lead prosecutor Maureen Comey. Yes, that Comey. She's the daughter of former FBI Director James Comey telling the judge, judge the prosecution is ahead of schedule, anticipating resting its case in five weeks instead of six. Combs has pleaded not guilty. Taking the stand for the full day on Tuesday, Capricorn Clark, former assistant to Combs and Ventura Ventura, of course the prosecution's star witness who took the stand the first week of the trial. Clark testifying that she was once harshly shoved by Combs, threatened by him, subjected to a five day lie detector test at his direction and more including a December, 2011 incident involving Combs and Kid Cudi Clark claiming she was kidnapped by Combs Furious.

(12m 28s):
After finding out star witness, Cassie Ventura was in a relationship with musician kid Cuddy Clark telling the jury that Combs brandishing a gun, showed up at her home and directed her to quote, get dressed. We're going to kill that N word saying they drove to Kid Cuddy's house where Combs entered, but Kid Cuddy was not there. The testimony dovetailing what Kid Cudi told jurors last week that there was a break-in at his home And he suspected Combs on cross-examination the defense suggesting Clark's horrific memory of Combs don't exactly line up with her. More recent emails to him pointing to a 2014 email from Clark, two Combs after Combs fired her in 2012. That reads quote, hopefully you'll forgive me soon.

(13m 10s):
It's been long enough. I feel like you've forgiven everyone else but me. Clark testifying earlier in the day that she was officially fired for a vacation she took, but saying she believes the real reason was because Combs was upset that she knew about Ventura's relationship with Kid Cudi and did not tell Combs. Clark breaking into tears several times throughout cross-examination another email from Clark to Combs in 2015. My hope for this year is that you make good on your promise to get over things and actually be my friend Again. Clark telling the defense she wanted to work with Combs again because she missed working in the music industry. The defense also calling up a 2021 text message in which Clark writes to Combs quote, did you ever know that I had the biggest crush on you before I started working for you?

(13m 56s):
On redirect Clark telling prosecutors she ultimately returned to work for Bad Boy records because she could not find work elsewhere saying through sobs quote, he held all the power as it related to me if convicted Combs faces up to life in prison. Former vice President Kamala Harris resurfacing on Sunday this time in the land down under Ms. Harris appearing at the Australian Real Estate Conference where tickets reportedly went for 999 to 1,695 bucks a piece. It's unclear exactly why Ms. Harris was invited to participate in a q and a session at the two day event, but video surfacing on X shows the form of Veep in her familiar free flowing form.

(14m 41s):
In this clip here, Ms. Harris answers the question about the importance of humility. You have the ability to understand the context in which you live, the context in which others live. You're more likely to then connect with them and understand what's important to them. Okay? This is the thing that I've also known about life and I'm sure everyone here understands. The vast majority of human beings are very intelligent regardless of their education level, regardless of where they're from and intelligent enough to know whether when you are looking at them, you are looking at them with a level of respect. They will know that you are someone who is actually interested in their life and their reality and and their fears and their dreams or not.

(15m 32s):
It requires you to to to be self-aware enough to understand that you may not understand their life. Yes, and then do some work to figure out how you can understand it better. Ms. Harris also asked to offer advice to the young women in the room trotting out this familiar line of hers. I don't hear no, I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no until maybe the 10th time. I cannot tell you that many times that it has been explicitly or explicitly said to me, it's not your time.

(16m 12s):
You're not ready. They're not ready. Nobody like you has done this and then one above, oh, it's gonna be a lot of hard work, don't you? Listen, 24-year-old real estate agent, Ella Cass, who attended the talk, giving her impression to the Daily Mail Australia quote, the way she speaks, I don't know if it's media training, but she will answer a question, try to tell a story and then repeat her answer. Honestly, I lost focus every time she was explaining her answer honestly, Ella, we did too, but we look forward to the debut of Miss Harris's Australian Accent. Good Day mates, and that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly.

(16m 53s):
Join me back here for The Megyn Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Tramp, channel one 11 at noon east on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.

(17m 7s):
Under Biden American's, cost of Living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto Insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.