
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. President Trump remains on offense, and the results have been incredible. I just, it's you, I, I can't get over it. Like I said, the days keep passing. He keeps doing more incredible things, amazing things, gifts to us just writing the deep immoral wrongs that were done to us during the Biden administration.


And we knew he was going to. He promised that he would. But aren't you so used to being disappointed by politicians? Everything's too hard. It didn't work out. The Democrats wouldn't cooperate. We get used to like, well, I guess, You know, we tried and what's happening, yes, it's via executive order. Yes, it can be undone by the next president, but it's something, it's progress. He's doing what he said he would do. He's fulfilling the promises he made to us. And then he will also push, push for the legislation. He's doing that too. But at least we have a four year fix. At least we have a four year re restoration to sanity and morality in some departments like the one I'm about to talk about such that Americans can live again in, in a way that makes sense, in a way that is safe, in a way that is normal.


And if another president comes in after Trump and tries to undo it, they will feel the acute shift in a way that will be profound and will, I think, stop the next president from doing it. So there is real value in these executive orders. It's forget, You know that that's a valid point, the one I just made. But think of all, for example, with respect to the girls and sports issue, think of how many girls are gonna be protected. Think of how many girls are not gonna have to undress in front of a boy, pretending to be one of them are not gonna have their teeth knocked out on the field hockey field. Because Trump used his pen to fulfill a campaign promise.


It was a thing of beauty yesterday. He signed, it truly was beautiful. He signed an executive order banning men and boys from women's and girls sports. And the NCAA has already said it will comply. It was a complete victory in the war to protect our girls. Just unbelievable the, the video. Let's watch it. Okay, let's watch it because it was, it's actually kind of emotional. And then I'm gonna bring in our first guest. You know, if you'd like to gather around me, I think I'm gonna be okay.


Come, come, come. Secret services worried about them. Do we have to worry about them? We have big problems. Okay, do you want have a, do you want to do this? Watch, watch what I do and then I'm gonna give you some pens. Okay? You ready? What a nice picture this is, huh? Governor, you ready? We'll do a good job. Wait, lemme press that. I wanna make this a really good signature because this is, You know, this is a big one, right?


Oh, I think we have a 10. We have a 10, God bless Mr. Surrounded by young, innocent, fresh-faced girls who just wanna play their sports against other girls. That's all they're asking. Just for fairness and safety in sport. Something that for many decades has been a foregone conclusion in the wake of Title ix, but wasn't recently, thanks to Joe Biden, that villain and his sidekick, Kamala Harris, who actually tried to convince us she could do this job. You know, we've talked about this, but the night before the election, I went to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and did something I've never done before in my life.


Certainly not as a journalist, but not even as a private citizen. And that was, I endorsed a candidate and spoke on his behalf and urged other people to vote for him. And I was there specifically, this was my task. I wasn't asked specifically to do this, but my choice to explain my vote was to tell people that those who were mocking president's Trump, president Trump's promise to protect women, did not understand what he was actually going to do when he took the office that I was voting for him, specifically because I believed that promise. We spoke about that night. Laken Riley, I mentioned her by name. What was his first order of business?


The very first piece of legislation he signed into law, the Lake and Riley Act to protect other young American women and men from the crimes committed by illegals who are here, who repeatedly offend, and then in these sanctuary cities get turned right back out under the street, which is what happened in Lake and Riley's case. And now what we've had three executive orders, one declaring that sex is binary. There are no trans anythings. You cannot transition from being male to female or female to male. You can pretend, you can call yourself that do your thing. The rest of us do not have to participate in your delusion.


And we will not be saying your pronouns or pretending that your delusion is anything other than unwellness. Then one declaring that the federal government would not be participating in any gender transitions because that's fake too. You cannot use Medicare funds or Medicaid funds to chop off the healthy genitals of children in the name of this sick ideology. Nor can any institution taking government funds in any way perform these procedures and continue to accept those funds. And now we get this one, this one that has 79% support of the American people. 67% of the Democratic Party is on the same page as Donald Trump on whether we should have boys who pretend to be girls playing in girl sports.


Men who pretend to be women playing in women's sports. The answer is no. This was immoral, it was evil. It, it's coming to an end.


We continue to face uncertainty when it comes to the economy with a perfect storm brewing as social security and Medicare hit a breaking point as the largest generation is, of course, hitting retirement. A smaller workforce means a smaller tax base. You pair that with our growing national debt and rising cost of living, and we could have a big problem. So what are you doing right now to protect your family for the future? Gold can be a safe haven in hard economic times, and Birch gold makes it easy to diversify a portion of your savings into physical gold. Birch Gold will help you transition an existing IRA or 401k into an IRA in gold, and it does not cost you 1 cent out of pocket. Protect your future today. Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get your free info kit on gold, and a copy of the Ultimate Guide for Gold in the Trump era with a forward by Donald Trump Jr. There's no obligation, just information. Birch Gold is earned. The trust of countless Americans looking to safeguard their savings and diversify them. Text my initials MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8 to learn more today.


Joining me now to discuss this historic executive order and all today's news, Andrew Klavan, he's the host of the Andrew Klavan Show at the Daily Wire, and author of the forthcoming book, the Kingdom of Cain, finding God in the Literature of Darkness, which will be released in May. Wow. I love the title Andrew, and what it, it's a similar theme to what we just saw today there. Not that Trump is God, but that God was present as he signed that executive order in the darkness of these past four years yesterday. Yeah, and you're absolutely right that even though these are eos and we'd like to see laws passed, these are incredibly important because this is not a political movement that Trump is leading.


This is a cultural movement. I mean, it's even in some sense, a cultural revolution. If I can borrow a phrase from our old friend, chairman Mao, I mean, this is the complete destruction of a way of thinking that has been imposed on us, not just through the Biden administration. He was kind of the worst of it, but he was also the end of it. This is 30, 40 years of a way of thinking that is absolutely, it absolutely makes sense. And what Trump is doing is he's doing exactly what the left has so expertly done to us. The left knows how to basically, You know what, Scott Adams, the Dilbert guy calls, talk past the sale, talk past the important point. So they get us into an argument about whether a transgender person can use a girl's bathroom or play in a girl's sport.


And while we're fighting about that, we've already lost the argument because we've already accepted that there is such a thing as a person who can transition from one sex to another, which there's not. And because Trump is such an expert at the culture, You know, he's not an expert at politics, he's an expert at the culture. He understood that just by gathering those little girls and and young ladies around him, he was showing us a picture of what we were, have been told to forget that these are, these are our women, these are our future mothers of a generation that I won't even get to see be born. These are wives of people who haven't even met them yet. These are the people that we cherish as women. And for years we've been taught that we can only, that women can only feel that they've accomplished something if they accomplish something as men.


And that means that somebody who is a man who dresses up like them is essentially can replace them. They've taken away these children's identities. They've taken away their achievements. They've taken away their feminine modesty. They've taken away their spaces and their safety. And it is, when you see those girls gathered around him, You know, you really, you tear up as you say, that God is present in that moment. Because we remember what we always knew, that these are people that we cherish and we cherish them in their girlhood, in their femininity, in their womanhood. All this stuff that has grown up recently, that kind of, that these Andrew Tate clowns and Pearl Davis who tell us we hate each other. These are all distortions forced on us by leftist feminism, by this idea that women are not valuable as women.


They're only valuable as make believe men. And, and so we've kind of been taught, we've, we've got this anger in us, especially younger men. I think they have this anger and this idea that we are at war with one another. That's never been true. That has never been true in any human civilization, in any successful human civilization. Men and women cherish each other. They actually respect each other. They understand that they're different and have different roles and different strengths, and they, they understand that they're complimentary. And all of that was wiped away until finally we found ourselves, You know, actually allowing people with penises to walk in to girls' locker rooms and bathrooms. I mean, it was a kind of insanity.


15% of the so-called women in women's prisons are men. And I, I mean, this is, this is the kind of madness that we've been talked into instead of basically living on our common sense, our ability to know what we know. I, I, I mean, it's, it's really interesting when my friend, You know, Matt Walsh at The Daily Wire made that film, what Is a Woman? The answer was not as easy to come up with as you might think, because a woman is a whole thing. You know, a woman is not just a body, it's not just a, a genetic code, it's not just a shape. It is actually an entire thing that we all understand in our hearts, but can always express. And the left has cleverly used its cultural expertise to talk us out of, of that knowledge.


And Trump is using his equal cultural expertise backed up by a new media that supports him to, to remind us who we are, to remind us that we're men and women, we're glad, we're men and women. We think it's a beautiful part of creation. It's the source of all human life. And and when you see them gathered around them like that, you just think, what have we done? What were we even talking about? What kind of nightmare have we been in that we have to wake up from it like this and tell people, pass orders saying you can't castrate little boys and cut off the breasts of little girls and you can't steal their spaces and their sports. And it's an amazing moment and a genuine transition. And I think it will last far longer than the usual executive orders.


I I love everything you said. I'm feeling like I, I feel euphoric about it. I feel emotional about it. Yeah. I feel a lot for the girls who have been hurt over the past four years, who, You know, all these trans lobbyists are like, trans people exist, You know, don't erase our existence. They, they erase the pain of girls just like that. They just pretend it didn't happen. You know, I referenced that night in Pittsburgh and it was, I, for me, it was a big deal to go and do that. I, I've never done that before. And it was, it really important to me to do it. I if I could convince any of my fellow women, because I know that there are a lot of Democrat women who were kind of open-minded to Trump because of issues like this, who were still being told he was Hitler, who were still being told he hated women.


And I felt in my heart that if I could speak to them, if I could reassure them that even notwithstanding my weird past with Trump, I was fully on board in supporting him. And that they needed to see him through this different lens. They needed to understand he really would protect us. He really would. And that absolute cred. And Chris Cuomo then mocked me for saying I needed to be protected by Donald Trump. I, I do want Donald Trump to protect me with laws that enforce, for example, our immigration policies. And I do want him to protect my 13-year-old daughter, Chris Cuomo. So go fuck yourself if you don't understand that. But this is what I said that night, and it's why I am so emotional today.


The boys should not be in the girls' sports. The boys should not be in the girls' bathrooms. The boys should not be in the girls' locker rooms. Hayden McNabb, North Carolina sophomore in high school, slammed so hard in the face by a volleyball hit at her by a boy pretending to be a girl. She suffered traumatic brain injury and permanent paralysis. Kamala Harris looks at her and says, be kind. Suck it up. And that's what's right. Why do our girls have to face brain damage in order to be kind to boys who wanna invade their sports?


And lo and behold, he did it. He stepped in there, he's been in office two weeks and two days, and he signed this executive order. Therefore, it is the policy of the United States to rescind all funds from educational programs that deprive women and girls of fair athletic opportunities. I don't, I'm feeling emotional about it, which results in the endangerment, humiliation, and silencing of women and girls and deprives them of privacy. It shall also be the policy of the United States to oppose male competitive participation in women's sports more broadly as a matter of safety, fairness, dignity, and truth. Directing that this Secretary of Education take all appropriate action to affirmatively protect all female athletic opportunities and all female locker rooms, and to prioritize Title IX enforcement actions against any ed educational institution that denies female students an equal opportunity to participate in sports or athletic events by requiring them to compete against or appear unclothed before males.


What a, what a day, Andrew, what a day he did it. It's, it's an amazing thing. You know, when you really think about it, especially after the advent of Christianity, every western civilization has been built upon the protection of women. The idea that women don't need special protections is, is, is simply a nonsense. It's not insulting to say when you have people who are stronger than you, who want what you've got. When you have the fact that you can conceive of and deliver children who need to be protected and who make you more vulnerable because you're the one who has to protect them. Entire societies all throughout the west, since Christianity have been built upon protecting women and making sure they have lives, the marriage laws that feminists, You know, fall on the fainting couch over were invented by churchmen to basically say, no, you can't just kidnap a woman and carry her off and impregnate her.


You know, you, you have to actually commit. If she's going to be faithful to you, you've gotta be faithful to her entire networks of, of philosophy and society are all based on that. And the left just thought, and we'll turn that off now and it'll be fine. And what of course happens, You know, of, of course women are victimized. And it's, it's kind of, it's kind of bizarre that a guy like Trump who has been a playboy and all that and has said, You know, insensitive things should be the guy to fix it. But it's also kind of appropriate because one of the things that has happened is among the intelligentsia, the commentariat, is that they make fun of Trump for the way he talks, the kind of bluntness that he has. He's not an intellectual, he has no philosophy.


And I, one friend of mine once called him, the guy at the end of the bar and I said, You know, when you've plunged into a time of madness, the guy at the end of the bar has a lot to say. 'cause all he's doing is talking common sense. And when, and when Trump promised during his inaugural speech and he promised, we're gonna have a golden age of common sense. That's what we're looking for. Because again, Megan, we do know these things. We do know what women are. We do know basically what they need in order to live a full, healthy, normal life. We, we built our civilization around that protection. It, it's been the wonder of the world. I mean, it is the wonder of the world, the way women have been treated in modern western society. When you compare society before that, of course there were flaws.


And of course there were things that had to be staggered forward toward and grasp. But it, it, it is an amazing thing that has happened not just in America, but in Europe, in the 19th century. The, the rights that women have secured, the protection that they have and the entire civilizational network built to, to protect them. And the left just wanted to sweep it away like it was nothing. And when you see Trump with those girls around them, and, and, and, and You know, I have a daughter, and you do, and I, You know, you understand that this is urgently important. This is the whole, all of us should be, this is not a, a male female idea. This is something that all of us as civilized western Christian based people should care about down to our toes.


And it, it is, it's, it was a tremendously moving moment and only part of this cultural revolution that Trump is overseeing. It's a, it's a beautiful, beautiful thing That he's overseeing and that ushered him into office. Here he is just a bit more from the man himself as he declared the eo, not one, This was one of the big reasons that we all won. And it's one of the big reasons that we had a record, a landslide like they haven't seen before very often anyway. And who could forget last year's Paris Olympics were a male boxer stole the woman's gold medal after brutalizing his female opponent so viciously that she had to forfeit just after 46 seconds.


And she was a championship fighter. And actually they had two women or two people that transitioned and both of them won gold medals and they won them very convincingly. But all of that ends today because with this executive order, the war on women's sports is over. It's amazing. It's huge progress. It does not, it's not going to apply to private schools that don't take federal money or to independent sports. You know, it doesn't, it doesn't govern the Olympics. It doesn't govern, You know, whatever you pick your sport that men are invading. That's, that's another battle. And it's an executive order.


And we still need to sign the law. The, the law that we just had ta, Senator Tuberville on the other day, who introduced this legislation, and it, it keeps getting kicked out, keeps getting buried even by Republican leadership right now in the Senate, which we're trying to pressure them into having a vote on this thing to, it's the called the Protect Women and Girls in Sports Act. So we need a law. The Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House. There's no reason we can't have a law. This, this issue has 79% support of the American people. 67% of Democrats hear CNN's Harry Entin laying out the numbers yesterday. I think these numbers are really illuminating on this topic because I just think there's such a clear trend among the American public.


So transgender female athletes in women's sports, only 18% of the country says that they should be, in fact allowed to participate in women's sports. Compare this to the opposition. I mean, my goodness gracious, 79%, you rarely get 79% of the country to agree on anything. But they do in fact agree on the idea of opposing transgender female athletes in women's sports As he points out, what, what does this country agree on? Name, name another issue that we're 79% in agreement on. And I don't, I don't think you can find one really, maybe like how we felt about Betty White, right? Like it has to be something that generic and non-controversial.


This is extremely controversial. The other way to do this is extremely controversial and it's amazing to me. We're gonna, we're actually gonna be joined by Senator Ron Johnson in after you, because he's on our side on this. And I'm gonna ask him what he thinks. But this is the fact that Republican leadership won't let this come out for a vote in a Republican controlled Senate. Why not what Republican would ever vote against it? And why are we afraid of making the Democrats go on record with their no votes when almost 70% of their own caucus, their own voters agree with you and me and Ron Johnson on it? Because the Republicans haven't caught on yet to the fact that the media is no longer controlling the narrative, the mainstream or legacy media is no longer controlling the narrative.


They're so used to being cowed and frightened and whipped by this circle of media that surrounds Washington DC that they don't understand that nobody cares what they think anymore. Nobody cares what the New York Times opinion is anymore. It literally does not matter. And when you, you say that 79% that's changed like 15 or 16% just in the last few months. And the reason it has changed is because Trump has given people permission to think what they already thought. No one ever, ever has believed that people could change sex. I don't believe even the people who think they believe it have believed it. But it took a guy, You know, the same guy who could take a bullet in the ear and spit the bullet back at the, You know, the guy and say, fight, fight, fight the same.


That that was the kind of attitude it took simply to say that the emperor wasn't wearing any clothes. Simply to say that all these leftist propositions were not just wrong, they were eiser, You know, they were immoral. And so when, if, if the Republicans as a group do not wake up to the fact that they are no longer constrained by this empire of lies, that the empire of lies has fallen, it is gone. If if they don't catch onto that, they're gonna be replaced, You know, they're gonna be pushed out in primaries, they're going to act absolutely disappear. This is a different party. It's a different Republican party. There may be parts of that Republican party I don't like as a, as a kind of mainstream conservative, but that's, that's fine. This is a, it's picking up, it's a populist movement in the sense that it is following the will of the people, and in this case, the will of the people awakened by Donald Trump and other people who have had the courage to speak their minds like you.


They're, they're actually saying what simple, basic truth that's right in front of them. And I think if the Republicans cannot bring this into law, they're out of their minds because I think if they actually bring it forward, even some of the Democrats are gonna have to go along. Yes. I mean, talk about a no-brainer. I wanna pick up on your comment about the assassination attempt in one second, but you're a screenwriter Hollywood screenwriter, in addition to being a very successful podcaster and and book writer. Your comment reminded me back when I was much younger, I loved this movie and I actually still love this movie and I've seen it so many times now. I don't pull it up very often, but it's, it's Far and Away by Ron Howard. It stars Tom Cruise and Nicole Kidman. Yep. And they're, they're Irish and she's sort of upper crust and he's more working class.


And he shows up in her hometown to kill her father, who's the wealthy landowner, who he who had his dad, well not killed, but like, was disrespectful to their family and burned their house after his father died. So he shows up there to try to kill her father and shoots but misses and it's a debacle. Well, so she shows up and rescues him from the makeshift prison her mother has made for this Tom Cruise character and asks him to come with her as she goes to America. She's fleeing to America to live a more independent life. And, but he's just tried to kill her father. So why would she do this? And there's a great line where she's up in this ladder trying to rescue him from this second floor bedroom saying, boy, come with me.


And he's looking her like, you're outta your mind. And, and she says, what I saw you do out there, You know, you spat on that guy's face, you stepped on his neck. That could be very useful to me. Boy, you said you wanted land. If that's what you want, then come with me. Create to shift sail out of Dublin and Liverpool. But a woman dare not travel alone. No, you're brave. You shot men, you step on their neck. When I saw that, I realized you could be very useful to me. And That's how you have to look at Trump, even if you hate him, which I don't, but I'm just saying like, this is what people need to recognize.


He is the guy who spat out the bullet all but, and said, fight, fight, fight. He's the guy who told was, who was told by everybody that Brett Kavanaugh was a gang rapist. And he said, no, he's going on the US Supreme Court. He's the one who after January 6th, when the whole nation was like, you're gross and we never wanna see or hear from you or your entire family again, was like, no, you will. And actually I will be your next president. And I will never concede anything about January 6th. I did win. That has never, never budge that that could be very useful to us in fighting the vicious deranged far left that wants to erase what it means to be human.


They, they wanna erase like truly humanity. The difference between women and men is as fundamental and basic to who we are as anything else. And, and yet they insist that we forget it because of this small not particularly well group of people who happens to be extremely vocal and politically active. Yeah, this is the exact reason I voted for Trump the first time, the first time he ran. Even though when I first saw him, I was shocked. I made an extremely viral video attacking Trump the first time he ran because of his attitude and his, his ill manners and the, the cruelty of calling people names and all this stuff.


But as I watched him, I began to realize that we were wrapped so thick in a, in a network of lies that it actually was going to take a man like that to speak the simple truth. You know, I I I believe in being polite. I love being polite. I think it's a wonderful way to, to treat other people. But in being polite, I've always said exactly what I thought and I've always talked, told the truth. I think for most people it takes a certain amount of just belligerence before you can break through this network. I've had conversations over the last eight, 12 years that I cannot believe where you'll talk about transgenderism as a good example. And you'll say, You know, they're, they're cutting up the bodies of, of young people that that's something out of Nazi Nazi Germany.


They're always talking about Nazi Germany. That's actually something they did in Nazi Germany. That is Joseph Mango level evil. And people are going, well, You know, there's this theory, this woman at a college with this book and you think like, You know, and I've been kind of like, what on earth are you talking about? And I think this is the personality it took to basically bowl them over and knock them down. And it has been, You know, they, they threatened to put him in jail. They convicted him of a felony. I was watching him during the, that bogus trial in New York per perhaps one of the worst miscarriages of justice I've ever seen in an American courtroom where they were accusing of something. Nobody knew what it was. I was watching him and thinking, You know, I I consider myself a fairly hard character, but I do not know if I could just spit in their eyes like this day after day while they're threatening to put me in jail for a crime they can't even name.


And it didn't even stop him when he saw his mugshot. He looked at him and said, that would look good on a t-shirt. Yes. And then his presidential portrait is almost the I identical image of it. He totally leaned in. He somebody probably said, You know, it looks a little like the mugshot. And he was like, great. Then that's the one that's a wrap of this. I mean, just, just remember like, that could be very useful to me. That could be very useful to me. Trump is very useful to all of us who have been trying to fight these fights, but without his steely resolve, without his power, without his never say die to marity and energy. And it's just such a gift to have him in there. Here he, on the subject of the assassination attempt and all he's been through and You know, there's just strength of this man.


He was at the National Prayer breakfast this morning and said the following, listen to sod eight, It didn't affect my hair. Can you believe that? Might have touched it, but not where it counts. Not not the skin part, but it's, no, honestly, it's a very, it changed, it changed something. I mean, I feel, I feel even stronger. I believed in God, but I feel, I feel much more strongly about it. Something happened. So thank you. So first of all, just love his sense of humor and, and when it's at his own expense so much the better. But second of all, Andrew, I think you appreciate the second soundbite 'cause he went on and I think, You know, it doesn't seem to me that Trump is a particularly religious man, but I know he did grow up going to church on the upper west side of Manhattan.


We know the church that he used to go to and he mentioned God and the role of God in our nation this morning. Appropriate place to do it. But take a listen to the messaging on it. America is and will always be one nation under God at every stage of the American story. Our country has drawn hope and courage and inspiration from our trust in the almighty, deep in the soul of every patriot is the knowledge that God has a special plan and a glorious mission for America. And that plan is going to happen.


It's going to happen. I hope it happens sooner rather than later. It's going to happen. And it's his hand that guides us every single step of the way. How about that? I mean, of course we've heard that many times in church and so on, but the, he, it's his hand that guides us every step of the way. I feel like Trump is the one being guided. You know, like Trump is the one being guided by that hand on a daily basis, setting an example for us all and improving lives for us all. It was just, to me it was like very meta, You know, that he was saying those things given all that he's doing. You know, I was at the first two Trump prayer breakfasts and on the first one, he really didn't know what he was doing.


It was kind of embarrassing. He was talking more about himself and his success. I, I once called him back in those days, and I think I was right, I once called him the first post-Christian president in the sense that he wasn't even pretending to believe in the Christian verities. He would make fun of people for being poor, which is the opposite of Christ. When he was asked if he needed God's forgiveness, he said, no, I just try to live so I don't need to be forgiven. He really didn't know what he was doing. And when he would start to pick up the evangelical language of some of his supporters, I didn't believe him. Since that assassination attempt, his tone has changed. I, I can tell that he's, You know, as you say, I don't think he's a tremendously religious person.


I don't think he's, You know, studying theology or reading the Bible every night. But I think he su suddenly does get the fact that these people who talk about God like me, You know, are not talking about empty space. They're talking about something that is really there. And his tone has definitely changed. And the things he's saying are things that he has learned from hard won experience. And I, I think it really is a diff is different and it doesn't make a difference because that too, as I've, I know I've said to you too many times, that too is something that we have to learn to talk about with courage and boldness and not be talked out of the things that we know are there. It's great to see him think about it and lean into it. Yeah, I agree with you. There's a difference. Trump hasn't changed his basic nature, which is good because that could be very useful to us.


But there's, there's definitely been a softening, I think of him as a human in that he's, he seems a bit more loving. He seems a bit more serene. He's still a fighter, all the things, but he has this other side now that we never saw much of publicly, even if we were trying to cover him fairly and not part, as part of the, You know, fake news hating media. He's just getting, he's more generous with showing that side of himself at a minimum. Okay, I wanna shift gears because it, it was just a wonderful, wonderful 24 hours and worth the first half hour of our show. Okay? But something else significant happened yesterday with respect to CBS news. So the audience may remember that CBS interviewed Kamala Harris right before 60 Minutes and, or Right, yeah.


On 60 Minutes right before the election. And they, they put out this interview which they sliced and diced and we, you weren't quite sure what was, You know, was this the natural, like was this a full interview or wasn't it? And then somebody on online on Twitter was smart and pointed out that the teas that they had aired the day before and faced the nation showed the interviewer's question something like Netanyahu doesn't appear to be listening and Kamala's answer. And then the next night when they aired the full thing or that, that whatever, yeah, the Monday night, it was the same question with a different answer. And that led to this whole thing where Trump wound up suing CBS news for $10 billion for fraud, consumer fraud, DEFRA defrauding consumers to win an election.


And the FCC demanded a transcript of the interview, which for some reason CBS would just, would not release. It became a big public firestorm. People said, just release the transcript. They said, no. Well now they've had to, they were forced to hand over the full raw video and transcript to the FCC this week. So it turns out, now we know the full sit down with Trump with Kamala was just over 50 minutes. And what they ultimately aired was a cut down version that was about 20 minutes in length. Now that is typical for 60 Minutes. They don't normally air their full interviews and they don't typically release the raw videos anywhere. But having said that, they've done it before they released the full transcript, I think, or video of JD Vance.


Katherine Harris was pointing that out. They've done it before. So once it became a controversy, why wouldn't they have done it? Right? The preview clip hit Face the Nation, it didn't match the version we saw in the next night on 60 and watch, you can see that discrepancy in this clip here, But it seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. Well, bill, the work that we have done has resulted in a number of movements in that region by Israel that we're very much prompted by, or a result of many things, including our advocacy for what needs to happen in the region.


But it seems that word solid Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. We are not gonna stop pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end. Not much better, but slightly more clear with the release of the full video. Now we know how that whole thing actually took place. First, the question from Bill Whitaker was actually edited down and the part taken out was, was more pointed than the way it aired in either version. And you can see the full Kamala answer too. It seems that Prime Minister Netanyahu is not listening. The Wall Street Journal said that he, that your administration has repeatedly been blindsided by Netanyahu and in fact he has rebuffed just about all of your administrations and treaties.


Well, bill, the work that we have done has resulted in a number of movements in that region by Israel that were very much prompted by, or a result of many things, including our Advocacy For what needs to happen in the region. And we're not gonna stop doing that. We are not gonna stop pursuing what is necessary for the United States to be clear about where we stand on the need for this war to end. Okay? So what we learned is that the first half of that inane answer was aired on Face the Nation as a tease. And on actual 60 Minutes, which aired the next night, they used the second half of the answer, which was more succinct though I don't know that it was more clear.


I, I'm gonna have to say 60 might have just been shooting for something that was a little closer to comprehensible. If you wanna give them the benefit of the doubt, neither answer was good. They both sucked. But now we do know that there wasn't more inanity stuck inside the answer. There were just those two bits of inanity and they chose one for Face the Nation and one for 60. Okay? But there's more because now we've seen the raw footage of the interview and we learned that the next 10 minutes of q and a was edited out entirely. Again, this is always going to happen. It's not inappropriate to edit an interview with a presidential candidate that is the format of 60. And most of us, if, You know, have limited time and limited airspace to, to put our interviews up in this kind of thing in like a pre-taped setting with somebody who's important.


Not now 'cause I'm on podcast, but back when I was on, You know, the, the cable news or the broadcast news. But look here at what we never got to see. We are people who have ambition and aspirations and dreams and optimism and hope. If you look at the character of who we are and how we have achieved the strength that we have achieved, I believe in large part it is because of our character and our belief in the promise of America. And I'm running for president because I want to do everything that is possible to create an opportunity for people to achieve those goals, those ambitions and those dreams.


Okay? So she, she said absolutely nothing. You guys all know how many times we heard those stupid phrases meaningless out of her mouth. You can make the argument that okay, they didn't need to include it because everybody's heard her say it, but you tell me whether it's putting the, the thumb on the scale editorially to take that out. In essence, you, you could make the case that you're running cover for her because she is showing how what an empty vessel she is, that this is all she's got. This is a major supposed to be substantive sit down. And that's what she fills it with. This completely empty calorie, calorie list filler that she says everywhere.


Like you'd have to have the debate internally about whether you're running cover for her and taking that out later in the interview. Kamala went on a bizarre side about picture day in school in Ohio on the subject of the eating of the dogs and the cats in Springfield, Ohio, which they also saved her from. You know, when I was Attorney General, the words I spoke could move markets. So the idea that the former president who again is running to be president, would use that microphone in a way that is about vilifying and demeaning a whole population of people. You know what has happened because of that one day when this happened was a school day, picture day for an elementary school picture day.


You know what picture day is for our children? Oh God, they get excited the night before we put out the clothes they're gonna wear, they go to school making sure their bases are clean and their hair is done and they go to school for picture day. You know, what happened to these children? They had to evacuate that day because of the fear of the threats that were being issued in Springfield because of the words of Donald Trump. So, so, so I say that I'm glad you are pointing these, these, these comments out that he has made that have, have resulted in a response by most reasonable people to say it's just wrong.


It's just wrong. Unbelievable. That's where she went. Words have such power. What, You know, what could, what could happen to the children? Well, let's look at what did happen. Picture day got spoiled. It got spoiled. I'm telling you, bill. And by the way, then she references the, You know, the bomb threats, which we know and knew were international. Some came from Russia, it had nothing to do with America, it was just shit stirring from out of the country. But somehow that's Trump's fault, all of which would've led to criticism of Kamala Harris. And it got omitted from the interview. All they included was that last sentence. I'm glad you're pointing these comments out that he's made. They, they've, You know, it is led to a response from people saying it's, it's wrong.


It's just wrong. Alright, another one, and we, I'm gonna get Andrew to comment on all this, but we had to get this to you in another section, a substantive discussion on the border. And this part was edited out. There are a variety of factors that relate to what we have seen globally and what we are not immune from at our own border in terms of what we have seen in terms of surge of immigration, any regular migration. And there are solutions at hand, but we've gotta have leaders who are solution oriented, which God we've been and are.


And I am going forward, instead of leaders who want to make it a problem they can run on. She's a no nothing. So Andrew Klavan, was it election interference as some on the right claim, including President Trump this morning? Just your typical 60 minutes cut down or them, I mean, my own vote is like, it's, it's not, I'm not surprised that all the edits they made were to her benefit. Well, I I dozed off during those last two clips, so I can't really say too much about 'em, but I I I think, look, you're right, it's subtle. What they did is they turned her from the babbling idiot.


We know she is into a faintly coherent, You know, presence on the screen. And they did that because they all vote for Democrats and they wanna support the Democrats and they hate Donald Trump. That's why they did it. But it's so subtle. Can Trump win a lawsuit? Probably not. Maybe they'll settle, but probably not. But that doesn't matter. These people need to be shamed. There is no bigger criminal element in our country than the American legacy news media. They have really done us dirt and as far as I'm concerned, each and every one of them should be created naked through the streets, like in Game of Thrones while we throw, You know, rotten vegetables at them and cry, shame, shame, shame. Because what they have done is they've made it almost impossible to hold anybody to account.


They have basically cut off the flow of a politician does something wrong. The reporter exposes the fact that he's wrong. He has to pay price for it, either legally or at the, at the voting booth. That's the way a democracy is supposed to work and it can't work without a free press. And we simply have not had a free press. If you look at this country since Obama was president, there's just been no penalty for bad actions. I mean, the IRS takes after Republicans, conservatives, no, nobody gets fired. Oh, there was not a scintilla of corruption there. You know, forget about it. 'cause the press isn't looking into it, the president exploring anything except how bad Donald Trump is. Most of, and most of those stories were lies.


So now you have the press that isn't even held to account. You know, they tell us that Biden is sharp as attack. Nothing, nobody quits. They tell us that, You know, there was Russian collusion and then they give themselves Pulitzer Prizes for essentially elevating a Hillary Clinton dirty trick. They tell us that the Hunter Biden laptop isn't real and we have to therefore, You know, censor any reporter who explores the fact that it is real. All of this stuff has been going on to cut off the people from any sense of reality. And I think it has played into the left's ability to tell us that boys can be girls. It's played into the left's ability to basically do terrible, the the kind of terrible things that Elon Musk is exploring in our, our u us foreign aid.


All of those things they've been allowed to do because the press just will not do its job. You actually have young reporters saying, we don't need to tell the facts, we need to tell the truth. And you say, honey, if You know the facts, you can't get it the truth. You don't know what the truth is until you get the facts and until you report the track the facts and let the people figure out what the truth is. You know, they've been demonizing Fox and I know you've had your experiences with Fox News, but there is more real news on one hour of the Brett Bayer special report show than there is on the rest of the media, You know, for a week. And, and the fact that they have been able to do these things without ever being held to account it, it is to me, glorious to see people being fired now reporters being fired and replaced because they, they truly deserve it.


These guys truly deserve to be shamed. So can can Trump win this suit against CBS? I kind of, I kind of doubt it, but it doesn't matter. Expose what they do, they're gonna settle it. Yeah, they may well sell, they're Settle it because Cs, that's The I Paramount is trying to merge with this other group and they need government approval. So he's gonna wind up getting another donation to his presidential library. I'm sure. Listen, I gotta I've gotta get to this before you go. You predicted the Beyonce Bianca re nudity to make sure at the Grammys, I mean, almost exactly here you were January 3rd, long before the Grammys aired on your show, the Andrew Klavan Show watch.


I predict that a starlet will show up at a French film festival wearing a completely transparent dress and a news site will describe the outfit as shocking, even though no one is shocked or even particularly interested. How, How did, I mean, you, you said exactly what she did a completely transparent dress. Yeah, I apologize to France for thinking that it would be them instead of us, but I think, I think the thing is, You know, listen, this is, this is my, my thing, if I have any superpower at all is that I follow the culture really closely. And because I am an artist and because I create things, I can actually tell where things are going simply by watching movies and watching TV shows like this. And it, it, it actually, it's actually not that hard.


Once you're paying attention to that, instead of who's winning a congressional race in Ohio, you can actually see where things are going. And this idea that, You know, it, it's kind of, it's kind of a symbiotic relationship. These women dress in less and less and the media can basically get clicks by showing these half naked women. So they have to be shocked by it. But at some point, You know, we've seen what there is to see and we're not that shocked. And so it was kind of a natural conclusion that this was, this was the way it was gonna go. And I have to say if at some, at some point I just feel pity for these girls, You know, I mean I just feel like this is what they've got, You know? I mean, instead of showing up beautifully dressed and, You know, elegant and elevated so that we actually admire them, they just have this kind of thing we we stare at, which is nakedness.


And it's, it's really kind of sad actually. I know, I, I am, I'm waiting for somebody to show up dressed like a normal person and just holding up their SAT score. Wouldn't that be great? That's it. That would, that would be shocking then, even though I would be shocked. Yes. Why, who has the confidence to do that? It really, like, it doesn't take a lot to get attention, especially as a woman who happens to do it in her case. Be beautiful though. My husband Doug was like, I, I'm like, she looks, she has a beautiful body. He's like, she does not, she looks totally manufactured like a Mr. Potato head with all these huge parts added onto her. Fair point say, But I'm just saying it's not hard, not hard to get attention as a nude woman at a public event if you want it.


It's sad that these two felt it was their only way of getting their name in the news. Andrew Klavan, thank you. Great to see you Megan. Thanks a lot. Alright, coming up I would say the man behind the RFKJ nomination and pushing other senators to get on board. Senator Ron Johnson and Then Chuck Zito is


here. Now's the time to prioritize gut health. Daily exposure to processed foods work, stress, fluoride and water and environmental toxins, which are everywhere can overwhelm your digestive system. The body faces constant attacks, but there's a way to fight back. JustThrive Probiotic is a clinically proven probiotic and antioxidant with science backed strains designed to keep the gut healthy and balanced. Unlike most probiotics that die in stomach acid, JustThrive survives delivering real results without gimmicks, better digestion, a stronger immune system, increased energy and easier weight management, all in one powerful probiotic available in capsules or delicious berry flavored gummies. There's an option for everyone in the family. For over a decade, JustThrive has been committed to helping Americans achieve optimal health with trusted science backed solutions. To join the Gut Health revolution and take control of your health today, visit JustThrive health.com and save 20% sitewide with promo code. Megan. That's JustThrive health.com promo code. Megan,


Should I be so privileged as to be confirmed? We'll make sure our tax dollars support healthy foods. We will scrutinize the chemical additives in our food supply. We will remove financial conflicts of interest from our agencies. We will create an honest, unbiased gold standard science at HHS accountable to the president to Congress and to the American people. We will reverse the chronic disease epidemic and put the nation back on the road to good health. Godspeed Bobby Kennedy. Let's hope you can do it. Welcome back to the Megan Kelly show. Robert f Kennedy Jr.


Was voted through the finance committee this week along party lines 14 to 13. That means he will be headed for the Senate floor for a full vote, though that vote has not yet been scheduled. Reports are that it will likely happen next week. Will he make it Joining me now with his prediction, US Senator Ron Johnson of the great state of Wisconsin. Senator, welcome back. So this is, this is important and I know it's important to you personally. Our audience actually is very familiar, I think with the round table you did with RFKJ, with on, on maha issues with Casey and call means with so many people who are in support of RFKJ because they care about chronic disease in this country.


An issue I know is near and dear to you. So your prediction on whether he makes it Well, Megan, well first of all, thanks for having me on. I'm optimistic now. I know that Dr. Cassy, Senator Cassy had some concerns. Those concerns were alleviated, so he voted for Bobby in, in committee and I think that'll probably be the last hurdle. So I'm, I'm quite optimistic and because you mentioned that panel, I, I thought that the most important snippet of testimony came from Dr. Chris Palmer. He was a psychiatrist and do, does a lot of work with nutrition and mental health. And he made the point that they, whoever they are, they don't want to know the root cause of chronic illness because they are, You know, corporate interests.


And if one of their ingredients, a, a herbicide, a pesticide, a pharmaceutical, a drug, if, if it's a contributing factor or a cause of chronic illness or autism, that will disrupt their multi-billion dollar business model. And You know, of, of a Bobby's testimony, I thought the fact that he said, You know, he's been, he spent the last few decades, You know, suing these agencies. He, he, he has a PhD in corporate capture, which is why he's exactly the right person at the, at the right moment in time here because the American public in a completely nonpartisan fashion, they want to know what is crossing chronic illness. They want to know what is causing the devastation of autism.


I am, I was thrilled to see Cassidy vote. Yes. I wanna say again, thank you to the audience of this show because we gave out his contact information and I'm sure his phones were ringing a lot, but I think they made the difference because it's not that often that a, You know, a barrage of people start calling a US Senator's office or emailing the office. And indeed, Politico has a report out this week saying, Cassidy acknowledged that his phone was ringing off the hook with calls from supporters of Kennedy and his Maha movement. So right on our listeners and viewers, you made a difference. And America and your kids hopefully will be healthier as a result of it. I wanna ask you about Cassidy, though.


He sure did say that he extracted a lot of promises from Bobby in order to get the yes vote. We have some of this on camera, let's watch. He and I would have an unprecedentedly close collaborative working relationship. If we'll meet or speak multiple times a month, he'll maintain the Centers for Disease Control and Preventions advisory Committee on immunization practices recommendations without changes. CDC will not remove statements on their website pointing out that vaccines do not cause autism, but my support is built on insurances that this will not have to be a concern, and that he and I can work together to build an agenda to make America healthy again.


So he seems to be saying there that they're gonna be super close, or they're gonna talk several times a month, that he promised that the immunization schedule recommended by the CDC will not change. That is controversial. Just the schedule, not pulling vaccines, but the schedule. And lastly, that he will not pull down the statement that, that the vaccines don't cause autism. So what do you make of that? Well, first of all, he, You know, Senator Cassidy is chairman of the Health Education, labor and Pension Committee. So I would expect that chairman of the committee would be in touch with the Secretary of HHS frequently. So as I listen to what, You know, supposedly concessions, I, I don't really view them as many concessions whatsoever.


You know, I, I know Bobby quite well, gotten to know him. We fought the same battle in terms of bringing truth to American public during Covid. I, and he is very science based, so he will, I think his first task is to restore integrity to science. We, we heard President Eisenhower and his farewell address, the second warning after the military industrial complex was public funding of science. It was gonna create a scientific and technological elite that would drive public policy. I, I would view that as corrupting science. Science has been corrupted. We have all kinds of evidence of that. And so Bobby's first task is to restore integrity to science, make sure that the data is transparent, that you have everybody at the table that, You know, science sometimes is black and white, but often it is not, particularly when you're looking at cause and effect in the complexity of a human body.


So, again, I, my guess is, You know, Dr. Cassie's a doctor, he can look at evidence. Bobby Kennedy looks at evidence, he knows how to read science. So we will, our policies will follow where the science leads us, where the truth leads us. And I think bo both the men, Dr. Cassie and and Bobby Kennedy are gonna gonna come together on those points. So it, it shouldn't be controversial. You know, I, I think what Bobby saying, he and Bobby gonna, Bobby, he's not, he doesn't, he's not gonna push getting rid of the MR vaccine. Sorry, go ahead, Senator. Again. He, he's not gonna do anything precipitously. He's, he's going to become secretary and then he's going to restore integrity to science and let science guide his actions. And my guess is Senator Cassie will also allow science to guide his action.


And the fact of the matter is, we have not ever tested any of these childhood vaccines against tro troop placebos. The ingredients, for example, the aluminum adjuvant, You know, I've learned Yep. Was based on a study with four rabbits, You know, one of the rabbits. So they lost the data on the other ones were killed after 28 days autopsies performed in the, the aluminum was still in their systems, in their organs. So, again, that needs to be looked at. The, these are legitimate questions that we haven't even been allowed to ask. So, You know, Bobby Kennedy is still gonna be able to ask these questions. He'll still be able to, You know, drive the science and then in store restore integrity to it. So again, I, I just don't view these as serious concessions.


He is making, he's gonna be very open, he's gonna be transparent, which these agencies have not been because they have been captured, they have been corrupted. And I don't think Senator Cassie's gonna have a problem with the transparency within these agencies. Good. Well, good on him for coming to the right decision. And sorry for all the phone calls, Senator, but you did the right thing. Not really sorry, but I'm sure it was kind of annoying. Okay. Couple of things to get to here. When I sat in that hearing as when I sat in the Pete Hef hearing, I could not believe the performance by some of these Democrats, Senator. And as a member of the committee that was listening to the first day of, of RFKJ, I wonder what your reaction was when it spiraled down into moments like this one with Bernie Sanders.


Are you supportive of this? I've had nothing to do with, are you supportive of these onesies? I'm supportive of vaccines. Are you supportive of these, this clothing, which is Milly anti-vaccine? What did you make of that? Well, you, you heard my reaction during my time to comment and question. Now, first of all, it didn't surprise me, but it really disappointed me. The, the, the severe extreme hostility of Democrats. Again, particularly knowing, You know, with the events I did on Covid and on, You know, nutrition and health, how completely nonpartisan, You know, it is, You know, most of the doctors in my panels were Democrats.


They voted for Obama. They voted for Biden, but none of that mattered to any of us. I mean, we were focusing on an area of agreement. That's what Bobby Kennedy wants to do. So it was very disappointing from the standpoint that Democrats couldn't recognize the moment that the American people are hungering for the information. They don't want to be ill, they don't want autism rates to continue to skyrocket. They want the truth, they want solutions. And there's, there's nothing partisan about it. And let's face it, as, as Bobby Caddy said, these people used to be my friends, You know, I mean, his name is synonymous with the Democrat party, but they have just turned on him viciously. And that's just disappointing, particularly in light of the fact that President Trump, Bobby Kennedy set aside their differences, folks on an area of agreement, chronic illnesses, and in demon, in, in so doing, demonstrate not only how you solve a problem, but how you heal and unify a badly divided, a horribly divided nation.


There are reports out this morning that the Democrats are now getting ready to vote no uniformly all of them on all of Trump's nominees because this is their way. This is their new hashtag resistance effort because they're angry about what he's doing with executive orders with U-S-A-I-D and Elon. And so now they're, there's a movement by Chuck Schumer to have them say no to everyone from this point forward. If, if so, it would mean the Republicans really can't lose more than three. So to get RFKJ or anybody else, three, you'd have to make sure that Cassidy stays steady and that there's not another Cassidy lurking at, we all know that possibly Murkowski, possibly Collins, possibly MCC McConnell could be noses.


So first, let me ask you, what do you think of that plan? And secondly, do you think that there is a different Cassidy who might surprise us and vote no against Kennedy? 'cause we are gonna need all the Republicans? I think No, I, I don't think so. And I, I've had conversations with others and again, I'm, I'm, I'm pretty confident that Bobby will be confirmed because most Republican senators take, have the same attitude as I have. We, we respect the convincing victory of President Trump. It's his, he's the one that decides who he wants serving his administration. Our our job is to investigate, make sure there's nothing disqualifying in the background, but if not, You know, vote to confirm. And I think that's what'll end up happening in these cases. Plus with Bobby, You know, I, I did the initial whip count on him, and it's really interesting how the conversation went with de Republicans and Democrats.


It would always start out saying, we know there's a lot that Bobby's doing that I really agree with that I really love. But, and he's, he's alleviated those concerns, those buts, he's answered those questions. And people do realize, I, I think even Democrats in their hearts realize that what Bobby Kennedy wants to do is unbelievably poppy with the American public. But you don't think he's gonna get any Democrat votes, do you answers? What's that? Will he get any Democrat votes At this point? Probably not. Which is disappointing. Yeah. You know, may maybe John Fetterman, John John is, You know, comes from a purple state. He's understanding the moment he's, he has voted with Republicans when no other Democrat has.


So, so possibly that. But it'd be nice, I, I think earlier on I was a little more hopeful. But again, based on the hearing, the hostility shown from, from even members that are generally more moderate in their, in their, You know, at least presentation came out pretty hostile. Well, I really hope that these Democrats, whether they vote for him or not, can get behind the Maha movement, which is not political pol political at all. They're Democrat moms and Republican moms and dads for that matter, who want their kids to be safer and who want themselves to be safer. It's, it's silly for people to prioritize this piece of our national conversation. It doesn't need to be politicized. Okay. You talked about these elites in the scientific field and how they, they've had a, we know better than you approach and how this has been a, a longstanding fear in the United States.


I've been watching, as you have been over the past many months, trying to get documentation from the CDC and the FDA and the National Institutes of Health on what was said internally when Fauci and the others were there about myocarditis and pericarditis and other side effects and serious risks or adverse consequences of the Covid vaccine. And I have been watching, as you've been getting stonewalled and stonewalled and, and documents that are supposed to look like this, but instead look like this because they've been so redacted, totally whited out as, as an effort to comply with your request.


So what happens now, Senator, because now we have President Trump's team going into those organizations, of course, RFKJ, ideally at HHS, and then we're hoping Jay Bachar at NIH and we're hoping Marty McCarey at FDA. So are we about to get the full disclosure on what they knew and when they knew it? You're aware of the fact that I have now issued what I'd consider as friendly subpoena for documents that, again, I've written over 70 oversight letters during the Biden administration and been, You know, basically given the middle finger. So, You know, top of the list was the last 50 pages of Anthony Fauci emails, unredacted, he released 4,000 through foia.


They were heavily redacted, but even those were quite in incriminating. We narrowed our search down to or request onto 400. We've been allowed to go into reading room, take notes, but make no copies. And we got down the last 50 pages. They have not shown those to us. We've been looking for those for years. So those should be produced unredacted, that'll be interesting. Plus the, the 17 pages of talking points. Instead of issuing a, a, a warning on the Health Alert network on the myocarditis that they were getting reports on from Israel, for example, in the early months of 2021, right after the rollout, they were gonna issue a, an alert on that Health Alert Network. Instead, they came up with a 17 page talking point memo. It'll be really interesting to put together all the timelines of what these federal officials were telling the public, what lies they were telling the American public versus what they actually knew behind the scenes.


But we should get those 17 page talking points. That should be pretty interesting as well. But also, You know, their, their proportional reporting ratios, their empirical bayesian analysis, which is pub should be public information, but they've kept hidden, should also be pretty revealing. So again, we already know people like Fauci, Francis Collins, You know, these federal health officials lied to the American public repeatedly about their injections, about covid. They didn't base things on science, they just pulled it out of the air. I, I think there's gonna be a reckoning. I think there's gonna be a lot of truth being exposed here in the next couple months. I'll be very interested to see what you guys find. Please keep us in the loop and we'll have you back on once she gets your, your information back.


All right. Last but certainly not least, this historic executive order by President Trump today on women's girls, women's and girls sports keeping men and boys out of them. And we spoke with Coach Tuberville, Senator Tuberville last week about why he can't get a vote on the Senate floor on his bill that would turn this exact executive order into law. He, You know, we all love the four year reprieve from this madness, but we'd much rather have it written into a law where the next president, if it were a Democrat, could not just revoke it with a different executive order. So what is your take senator on Why John Thon will not schedule a vote on the Protect Women and Girls in Sports Act?


Oh, my guess is, is merely a timing issue. And again, president Trump has acted boldly, swiftly, decisively, to make sure that girls aren't gonna be harmed by male athletes. Now, they're not gonna be in their locker room, their bathroom, or, or they're gonna risk, those organizations are gonna risk loss in federal funding. So I think we have time to actually put this for a vote. Now, it'll be interesting to see what the Democrats will join us of, of all the crazy, I mean, just gobs, smackingly crazy agenda items of the Democrat Party. The fact that they promoted this transgenderism agenda and allowed male athletes to compete against our girls is, is the most, like I say, just jaw dropping of all of 'em.


So let, let's hope Democrats have seen the light and we can codify this so that the next crazy Democrat president doesn't go back to this transgen transgenderism and put our, our girls and women at risk. Alright, when you say you think it's just a matter of timing, what does that mean? Because, You know, we don't wanna wait until after the midterms when we might not control both houses of Congress with sane people who will vote for this. So what does that mean? I mean, are you confident that Dune will bring it to the floor for a vote in the Senate? Yeah, I'd be shocked if you didn't. Again, Democrats are not cooperating on nominations, so we're having to run the clock and, You know, we, we have limited time for legislation right now. It's all about confirming President Trump's nominees so they can start getting in there, cleaning out the deep state again, I, I think the confirmation process is completely outta control.


I dramatically reduced the number of confirmed position for both Democrat and Re and Republican presidents, but that's not the state in, so right now, top priorities get these people in place and we'll turn our, our, our attention to this. And again, this would be a pretty, I think a high priority bill to get on the Senate floor to at least put Democrats on notice, put them on record that they, they really want biological males to harm our girls. I don't think that's a good vote for them. 67% of Democrats are in favor of Trump's policy. 67% of Democrats, 79% of the electorate as a whole. So you, you, you should bring it to a floor, make them say no, make them say no before the mid. That'll be really fun to watch.


A couple things you mentioned, You know, you're in a big push to get Trump's nominees through, well, in the wake of the f the funding freezes that Trump issued early last week, both with respect to some foreign aid. Now we've got the U-S-A-I-D controversy and, and other issues. The Democrats have decided to make Russ vote the nominee for OMB, office of Management and Budget. They're their new fall guy. They, they don't want him to get through, but they can't stop him because he does have the votes. So they're, they're doing like a sleep in, I guess they can, they can delay the vote by 30 hours. Here is Chris Murphy, democrat, senator from Connecticut on the, on this sacrifice.


He and his staffers have made, I took the 2:00 AM actually, I was on the floor about 1:00 AM so about 1:00 AM to 5:00 AM shift. I slept on my couch for about two hours of fit full asleep. I'm back up and headed off campus right now to talk about the danger of Trump's foreign policy. We don't rest. We don't rest. This is an urgent moment. We have days or weeks to be able to mount an effective opposition to stop this slide away from democracy. And so I thank all my colleagues who have been part of this important night, and we're going right back at it today. They don't rest.


Senator, your response, Big whoop, huh? I mean, what, what a charade. The, again, they're, they're not cooperating. They're dragging their feet. They're making us around the clock, but rust vote, by the way, one of the better, if not best nominees for President Trump, because Russ is head of OMB. He, he rule, he writes the rules, the regulations to implement a lot of pre what President Trump is trying to do. And so he's just a key figure, highly experienced, very conservative. So I'm, I'm a big Russ vote supporter. Are you resting on the go? P did you sleep on a cot? Oh, we, we've done, we've done some of that stuff too. But again, really, I, I'm not into feudal in general.


Every, every now, and you just gotta show your supporters you're willing to fight. That's what Democrats are doing. Like I say, big whoop, it's no big deal. Right? They're yelling into the wind, which is an, a cleaned up version of the way that saying normally goes. Senator, it's a pleasure. Thanks so much for being here. Thanks for having me on. Have a great day. You too, Ron Johnson. Everyone. Okay, up next. Chuck Zito is here, superstar, former Hell's Angel, bodyguard, stunt man actor, tr friend of Trump. I mean, he's a man of many trades and he is here in his full glory right after this break


these days, personal safety is not something that can be left to chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. This is why Burna is the choice for so many. Burna is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool, compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Burna uses non-lethal rounds, tear, gas, pepper, and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part is burna can be shipped direct to your door and it's legal in all 50 states. The good thing about Burna, if you're, You know, somebody who doesn't practice with firearms all the time, is you don't even have to have the best aim. If you can hit like the wall right behind the intruder or the bad guy, you could potentially incapacitate him with this. What's essentially, essentially like a chemical weapon in this projectile. So you don't ha actually have to hit the guy as long as you get it really close to him. It could take him out for the next hour, which is the time you need to protect yourself. Burna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Sometimes a firearm is not the right option for you. And Burna provides a powerful alternative. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com, that's B yna.com/megan, and that will get you a 10% discount. And learn for yourself why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are making the switch to Bea's less lethal protection, burna, non-lethal self-defense. Always ready.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home, or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Fly Stuntman, actor, celebrity bodyguard, martial arts expert, and former Hell's Angel. That is just part of the colorful resume of my next guest, Chuck Zito. You may remember Chuck caused quite a stir back in May when he was spotted at Trump's business records trial in New York. He was part of the Trump entourage. The media had a field day reporting that a former leader of the Hell's Angels joined Trump in court. We've got a Verdict breaking news. A verdict has been reached in Donald Trump's criminal homo trial. Whether or not they were focusing on Trump's entourage, it's hard to tell.


I will say, just as an observer in the courtroom, the entourage today is Colorful. You know, if you look at the entourage today, you see Alan Dershowitz, you see Chuck Zito, the former president of the Hell's Angels. This is a show of force. This is deliberate. And quite frankly, this is genius. The Hell's Angels leader is a very large man wearing a very flamboyant suit. Donald Trump had a new entourage supporting him in court today. One of the people who showed up actor Chuck Zito, he used to lead the New York chapter, the Hell's Angels. That is amazing. A large man in a flamboyant suit. That clip is from a forthcoming documentary called Chuck Zito, an American Story. Chuck, welcome back. Great welcome.


Great to have you. Thank you for having me. How can people watch the documentary, first of all? Oh, well, it's not finished yet. We, we just had the premiere at Mar Largo last week. We're going back to the change a few pieces in it. Okay. Because so many people are interested in it. Like, You know, Netflix and Amazon Prime, so many people. So I was told by one of the networks to just, there was a couple of repeats in it. So we're going back to tighten it up, up the drawing board and tighten it up. And we're gonna have a premiere in April in New York. Okay. So it'll be perfect then.


I love it. I What do you make of that description of yourself, yourself? Flamboyant, man in a suit. Yes. Former Hell's Angel. I mean, yes. Somewhat. Yeah. Well, You look good. Thank you. Thank You. All right. So I learned something in preparing for this interview that I did not know before. Yes. I didn't know that. I mean, I knew hell Zs, I always knew that they were kind of like bad boys, kind of cool badass. But I didn't know that there's some rumors that you like might have to kill somebody to become a part of the Hell's Angels. That's just, that's a, a myth that goes that's not true. That goes wrong with everybody. True. And of course not. So what's like, what are, what are the Hell's Angels? It's a motorcycle club. Guys who get together, ride motorcycles. You have to Be admitted.


Well, you have to, there's a hang around process, then a prospecting process before you become a member. So you have to know someone to hang out first and then prospect and goes down the line. Is it All Harley's? Well, in the United States it is, but overseas a lot of guys couldn't get Harley's. And then now a lot of guys I, I've heard are using, some guys are using Indians and some guys BMWs. Okay. But back in the day when I was there, it was all Harley's. So you grew up where? In the Bronx? I was born in the Bronx, then moved to Brooklyn. Yep. And my dad grew up in Brooklyn too.


And so, but you and we both lost our dads at young ages. You were only 12? Well, no, no, I was, you were younger than that. I was actually, when I say I lost my dad, it was when they got divorced. Oh, Okay. So, okay. I was then my, my dad lived to 78. Okay. And died in 1998. But when I say I lost my dad, this means that when they got divorced, I was always looking up to my dad and I followed, tried to follow in his footsteps, being a boxer and everything. And that's what I say, I should have made it a little clearer on the thing. 'cause people think Yeah, it's fine. I, I watched, I'm 12 years old and I lost my dad. No, it was sweet. Even my sister says, what do you mean? Well, it Sound like you really looked up to him and he was Oh, absolutely. You followed his footsteps into the boxing world.


A great, great fighter back in the day, in the thirties and the forties, You know, years ago, guys had, You know, hundreds of fights. My father had 228 fights back in the day, in a 12 year career. And won most of them. He won a lot of 'em. Absolutely. He lost 20, but he used to get paid $10 a fight. Not today, they're making 400,000,001 fight. That's like Jimmy Braddock Type. Yeah, James Braddock. Yeah. Story. There's like, like, like, You know, there's great fighters like, You know, Floyd Mayweather, he's 50 and oh, but he's fighting like 28 years. Right. There's a guy named Harry Gre back in the day, he Floyd went 50 and Oh, in 28 years, Harry GRE went 52 in.


Oh. In one year. Oh my gosh. Well, so, so it's a big difference. So The, you decided to follow the old man's footsteps and get into fighting Ing. Yes, of course. Growing up with, with my dad and his, You know, I, I had, I was living in the Bronx on Beretto Street in Hunts Point at the time, and it's even in, in my documentary, I was five years old and this guy Butch, like from the little wrestlers, used to beat me up every day. So I went crying at home to my dad one, one time. He said, don't ever come crying at home to me. He's, I wanna teach you how to defend yourself. So he pulled out his trunk and he had all his, You know, his gloves and his robe and his headgear and everything in there. And he put the gloves on me. You know, my, the gloves went up to my elbows.


Aw. And he got on his knees and started teaching me how to box. You learn from the best. So, yeah. So, So I noticed too, because there's a lot, there's a big group today that's very into mixed martial arts and Juujitsu in particular. Yes, yes. People are loving. I know Joe Rogan loves it. I know Jocko Willink. He came on the show and said he, he believes we should all have our kids learning juujitsu. Absolutely, absolutely. Not just for the physical, You know, nature of it and the self defense, but the discipline, the mental discipline that comes with It. Absolutely. And the respect. And you, how many black bells do you have? I've, I've trained eight different styles on martial arts. I first, after seeing Bruce Lee and the Green Hornet, I said, I want to be like Bruce.


So I went down to Aaron Banks Kti Studio in New York City and started taking white crane and Tiger Claw Kung Fu where Mr. Chin from there, You, you're very impressionable. You saw the dad do the boxing. You did the boxing, and you saw the Bruce Lee. Bruce, I'm glad you didn't even watch Tootsie too many times. When you Were, when your, every time I saw someone like, You know, Steve Reeves, he had, You know, he was a, I think the greatest body. He, I saw him in Hercules, Hercules Unchained. Oh. And I said, I want to be look like Steve. And you love Superman too, right? Superman. Didn't I read that Mighty Mouse? I used to Do all that. I saw that Superman show every day after school. Yes. It was in black and white. They'd run the reruns. Yes. And with The, with the original, You know, You know, now we look so dated to us.


Right. But yeah, it was great at the time. But all So you start doing the jiujitsu, or did you start taking martial Arts? So when I started, I was, I I boxing for a long time after seeing Bruce Lee. Of course, like I said, I started taking martial arts and I've trained eight different styles of martial arts. I went from white crane and Thai claw kung fu to Jaquita jiujitsu committee. Rude Juujitsu, B jitsu. Oh wow. I never Heard Of that. And I train with Henzel Gracie and Brazilian jiujitsu. So do you Have a favorite of those? Like, if I'm gonna have my kids take Jiujitsu? Which one? What? Well, You know, I, I also did a Japanese jiujitsu, which is a form of everything, You know, ground grappling, boxing, everything. But Brazilian jiujitsu, let's face it, they, the ones who brought it to the octagon, You know, the Gracie's, You know, they first brought it here before, You know, Fatus bought the UFC and Dan White became president.


Yep. So it was guys like John Milius, the director. He designed the octagon and a guy named Mark Davy, who had the tough band contest back in the day. So it was those three, the Gracie's and Art Davy and John Milius started the UFC. So If you've got all these black belts and all this discipline in the martial arts, how long would it take you to knock me out? If, if you wanted to? You I've never hit a girl in my life. I would, If if you had to, let's say like 30 seconds, 60 seconds, Boom. He's flicking his fingers. So That's true. That's what Well, that show I did.


So he asked me, how long would it take you to knock me out? I said, it'll be over by now. So It already would've happened. Yeah, yeah. Well, you're not afraid of not a girl, but you're not afraid of punching a celebrity. Because I've heard there was an incident with John Claude von Dobb. I've, I've had a few What happened with him? That's why I don't work that much. What happened? I was just, You know, it, it was, we, we got along real well. And we were, I was his bodyguard in 1992. And we went our separate ways. And I didn't see him till six years later. And he came in with Mickey Rock and like five guys in, in scores. I was having dinner, I'm Familiar with Scores. Scores. That's where all the beautiful women went to. That was back in the day.


So we had a little argument and, You know, I felt bad because I, I got so much publicity from somebody else's misfortune. So How did he upset you? He just said something to one of the, one of the attendants in the men's room when he was in there said, disrespectful. So I went up to him and about, You know what it happened. Yeah, yeah. It's a long time ago. 29 Years ago. Think it's 30 years ago. But You know, to don't like, like to talk About it. Is it like an Italian thing? Like you, you got offended. He offended you, he assaulted You. Oh, of course, of course. I mean, You know, you gotta, You know, back up your words. So, and that's what happened.


So, So you went over and gave to him. But Yeah. And he did not. But It took 17 years for us to talk again. So we're friends now. And like I said, it happened So long ago. You punch him, right? He goes down. No, you're, it's like you don't wanna insult him. I understand. That's sweet. Yeah. But most of us, the thought of punching John von Claude von Damm is horrifying. Yeah. We'd get punched back and it would not go well for us. You have a lot of experience. He insults you, you take him down. And then there's actually a really fun epilogue to the story. 17 years later. 17 years later. Yes. What happened, I was actually at a a a a Floyd Mayweather when he fought Pacquiao at Pacquiao Mayweather fight.


And Floyd got outta ring, went to his family first. I was the second one he came up to, he hugged me and they had the camera on me. So Jean Clo was home with his, with his daughter and Bianca. And he goes, that's Chuck Zito. She goes, yeah. He goes, invite him to my, my document, my not documentary, invite him to my movie. He just came out with a new movie. So I went and we saw each other and he says, thanks for coming. I said, thanks for inviting me. And we hugged and kissed each other and it was over. It was after 17 years. Good for Him. Yeah. So we're friends. That's Great. I hate To bring it up 'cause it was so long ago. No, you didn't. I brought it up. It's, it's not your fault. So you, but the reason he knew you prior to that whole incident you pointed out was you were his bodyguard.


So you took your background Yeah, I into it. Yes. Learning self-defense and so on. And parlayed that into like being a celebrity bodyguard. You bodyguarded some of the best bodyguard, Everybody you could think of back in the day. Liza Minnelli was my first client. She's Amazing. So of course being around Liza, when I met President Trump, we were at the same, same restaurants, same clubs. And of course we became friends and we've been friends over 40 years now. She's in one of my, and my husband's very favorite movies. Arthur. Oh, Great. She's Hysterical. That was amazing. Arthur In that movie. Yeah. She used to be a huge, huge star. Yeah. So that's interesting. You got like one foot into the celebrity world with her and that opened up lots of doors.


Yes. A lot of doors. A lot of doors. And, and she was doing a play called The Rink with Cheetah Rivera, the Martin Beck Theater years ago. So everybody came to see E Liza. I mean, You know, Elizabeth Taylor Liberace, Don Rickles, You know Robert De Niro, everybody, You know, Pacino, everybody came to see her. So they had to go through me to get to her. Wow. So of course I met everybody and we all became friends all these years. Who stands out as like a particularly great person? You know what, everybody had their own character every, 'cause everybody says who was the best one you worked for? Everybody had their own character in their own, You know, their own way. And so Was there anybody like the guest who came to visit her, who you didn't like?


Well, no. Well they were all, You know, superstars at the time. But, You know, But I remember you're a superstar. You can see the ones who were super nice even to the bodyguard they all, and the ones who aren't. Well Everybody was nice to me, I have to admit it. That's good. So if they weren't then we took it to the next level. But I remember I used to wear rings when I was in a club on every finger. And I was, Liberace came in and we were comparing rings. Oh wow. Oh yeah, yeah. What is this ring? This is actually Elvis Presley's exact copy of Elvis Presley T ccp. You guys see it here? See if you can see it there. Show it. TCB. What does that stand for? Taking care of business in flesh. Ah, it's beautiful. It's very gold. It's got, it's very large and it's got diamond, the diamond Front.


And I gotta show it to you. Okay, thank You Hand. Oh my gosh. I weigh five pounds. It's, I just, just showed up so the camera can see it. So this Is Elvis Presley's. It was that exact, his is in the Graceland of course, but that's exactly the same. I had it made in gold and everything. Like Wow. His, the original one, That alone is self-defense. Yeah. That Right there. But I would never Yeah. But if you needed, oh yeah, there's another one. What's that? That's a boxing glove. That was my, my father's ring. Oh wow. So There's a scene in the movie where s Sylvester Stallone, who I know you also bodyguarded Yes. Must feel like a very big responsibility. I mean Yes. If he can't take care of it himself, it's a serious threat.


So it is gotta Be, well, look, i i body God for Muhammad Ali, Joe Frazier, Mike Tyson. Wow. They could take care of it themselves, but they're not in a position to get involved if somebody, of course, yeah. Look what happened to Mike on a plane and everybody else. So yeah. That just, well, and we saw Connor McGregor at the inauguration. He had a bunch of bodyguards too for the same reason. Yeah. Like, it's not that they, they can't protect themselves. Yeah. Look At Floyd. He walks around with 10 guys. I mean, You know. Yeah. Not a good idea. You don't wanna get sued. Wait, here's a bit from Sly and Brother Frank in your documentary. Stop. 44. Oh, I guess it was that pretty much the height of my popularity. So they overdid it, You know, with security, You know, at the time, whoever was in charge of security said, oh, well we need more people.


And then Chuck and a few of his friends volunteered and being a very outgoing guy, he struck up a conversation. I noticed, You know, we kind of looked like very similar like brothers in this sense. Of course he looked just like him. He looked more like him than I did. I was being hunting. And since we looked alike him, I was hoping they'd shoot Chuck that that was actually the motivation. Nice. I gave him a t-shirt with a bullet dunk. Very little bullseye. Nice. He's a great guy guy. Now I know what hired me. He, He not a great guy. Yes, yes. He's A true gentleman. Like look, You know, he, he, he, he's brilliant. Look at, he, he, You know, wrote Rocky back in the day and nobody could do it but him. And he was, he was brilliant.


He came, You know, the franchise, Rocky Rambo Expendables, he's just a great guy and very talented and great writer. Absolutely. He's, as he was speaking there, we heard soundtrack pop in from Joan Jett. Joan Jett. And there's a reason Yes. We have Joan Jett, she's also in the documentary talking about her relationship with you. Here's a bit from Joan. This is great. And had been, the next time we saw him was was in, in Japan. That whole tour that we did, we went to tour in Japan in 1985. Had them in, in our crew. And the way I looked at it is they were doing security and had to do it for us at, at some point.


Okay. So I just, the fact that, You know, Joan Jet is so cool. Like, she's just cool. She is, she is. You know, she's the queen of rock and roll. Yeah. She started at 15 on runways and then broke off and did Joan Jet and Black Hearts and all of her Music is still turn up the dime. Oh, absolutely. Absolutely. And she does all, all the music for my, my documentary. These people must really like you to have appeared in the film. You know? 'cause it's one thing, like I've had lots of bodyguards here or there at various events. I, I'm not sure like they'd ever call me to be in one of their movies. So how do you maintain, like what happens there? Well, You know, every, like I said, everybody I, I, I've worked for, we had a great relationship and we became friends.


Like, like I said, Liza was my first, my first client, sliced loan became my friend. We became good friends and I just asked these people if they would come on do my documentary and not, not, not one hesitation. Wow. Everybody came and, and did it. And because you, In between the boxing and the martial arts and the Bodyguarding, there was a stint, she mentioned Japan where Yes. You went, there was some brief time in the slammer. Yes, yes. It was, it was Brief. I spent four months in a Japanese prison. Okay. Wasn't, wasn't good, but I was locked down 23 hours a day. So, and they put you out in the key In Japan, and then you had to come back here and go to jail.


Then, then I came back here. But the worst prison in the United States is like a country club compared to Japan. Oh, really? So yeah, that was like my first time in jail. I said, well, I hope they're not, all the prisons are like this. We came back. They were accusing you of a drug crime? Yes. Okay. I was indicted for making a telephone call to a guy who sold a pound of methamphetamine. I never made the phone call. I was in British Columbia making a movie called Year the Dragon. I showed them my, my my, my receipts, my, my phone bills, everything. But they wanted me, because at the time I was the president of the club and my club, You know, hell Angel Nomads and the government wants you, they're go get you. Yeah, that's absolutely right. Of course they want you to, You know, talk on your friends and all.


And of course, You know, I wouldn't, and I wound up getting a phone count is four years. The judge gave me 10. Whoa. So I wanted Is it true you went to like 18 different prisons though in, In that time? 19. Why so many? Well, I had a few problems with some people and every time you have a fight, they transfer you because they didn't want retaliation, Chuck. So I had probably 10 good fights in prison. Whoa. Yeah. You going with a few people who wasn't afraid going in. Yeah. But this becomes kind of relevant to your friendship with Trump. Yes. I mean, when he got indicted on, You know Yes. Criminal charges for his alleged bookkeeping errors, sir.


Yeah. You, that must have struck home in a particular way. Well, Like I said, I went to his trials and we've been friends for a long time and there, what they've done to him, you could never, I would never imagine it in a, You know, a hundred years that they could do that to a former president and one who's, You know, running now. How'd you guys meet? We met at, basically, we met at a restaurant at first, and then I was with Liza and they, they've been friends for a long time and of course 3 54 we saw each other, You know, so everybody used to go there back in the day. Everybody. Yep. You know, somebody was always there, so, and I used to work also Cafe Central uptown.


And every, no matter what night it was, you'd see 10 a 10 actors there. Mm. You know, Eliza Minnelli and, and, and, and Bruce Willis was the bartender. Oh, No Way. Yeah. He used to make me a creams, you're Kidding me. Yeah. Before he was a big star. Sure. So Sure. And everybody was there. Lizza, Minnelli, Cher, Peter, RET, treat Williams, John Goodman. Yeah. De Niro, Pacino, Joe Pesci. Everybody used to go to Cafe Central and Trump. And Trump. So you maintained a friendship all this time? Yes. Always. Always. He's in the documentary. We have a little bit of him. Do we? Yes, we I think we do. I saw him, yeah. Oh, we don't have the clip, but I saw him and he goes on and on about you and how much he likes you.


It is so great. I mean, I am so blessed and honored that he did it for me. You gotta realize he's the president of the United States. He's the most powerful man in the world, and he opens and closes my documentary. He's loyal. So I am so, You know, honored and humbled that he did that. And he's loyal. So why'd you feel it was important to go to the trial? Because he was getting railroaded and I, I, I want to stick up for him. I stick up for my friends and I wanna show my support and, You know, support him. I mean, they charge him with all these, You know, phony charges and everything, and we know that. So, and we know, I don't care what they say.


When he was at that, that was fixed. You know, when he, when he in 2020 Election, Absolutely. You do not believe it. Absolutely. We all went to sleep. President Trump was winning. We woke up and Biden was a president who never campaigned. So it, it was all fixed. I say that and I still say It. What, and what did you think on November 5th when you saw the returns coming in? Oh, I was there. I was at the Mar-a-Lago? No, I was at in Washington. Oh, for when he won, of course. Oh yeah. And I just, I mean, we're all just, he's, as far as I'm concerned, he's the greatest president we ever had in the United States.


He, he, he, You know, promises and keeps it, and he's just great. I mean, hey, You're, you spent a whole life between the Hell's Angels, not to mention the, the prison time, the boxing, the mixed martial arts, the bodyguarding. Yes. How does, I mean, Trump's also extremely tough. Yes. So how You know about tough guys, I call him a savage because he is who any other president or anybody else who, who gets shot, they'd be under that counter there. And that he got up. He's, wait, wait, when he put up fight, fight, fight, he's just, I mean, there's nobody like him.


He's just so, so nothing phases him. I mean, and they tried and You know what to get when I'm crazy, it gets me that people say it was staged. Oh, it's infuriating. You know what, Corey lost his life shielding his family. That's right. The other two, two guys were shot also. And they think, he think he's gonna say, do me a favor, just nick my ear. I know. It's ridiculous. It's, it's ridiculous. And that's how some people think. And that's what gets infuriated. I mean, it's such an insult. I mean, it's, it's, it is an assault and it's people still, a lot of 'em, he's doing the first hour he was elected. I mean, he started signing the orders and, and he's gonna change his country around back to way it was.


Did you, Have you seen like a big change from the Donald Trump you knew back in the day at, You know, the, the cocktail lounges and the one who you see now? Oh, Well, You know what? He's, he's the same guy to me, but he's just so strong. Like I said, he's resilient. He's nobody like him. And I love the guy. I mean, I'd do anything for him, but we never had a president like him. And you gotta realize, years ago, I never got involved with who was the president who cared. It wasn't to President Trump. It was the first time I ever voted. And I, first time I never cared before and till the day he became president.


I mean, all those other people, all those woke people, all those phony people out there, they didn't like him. But like I said, I never cared about who was president before, but they talked since the day he became president, they have not stopped talking about him. All these, every day, you, you heard President Trump, president Trump and everything else. But as far as I'm concerned, he's the greatest person we ever had. Well, he obviously, And, and, and he's for the American people in America. And he's for you because I mean, absolutely. He's a very busy man to take the time out to appear in this film, all these people. I think that's something extraordinary about you, Chuck. And I really enjoyed the story. You're, you are a colorful, colorful character. I can see why. Oh, thank you.


So many have gravitated towards you. Thank you. All right. So keep us abreast on when it's actually gonna hit and where, and we'll update the audience so that they enjoy absolute what I enjoyed. Thank you. So nice to have you here for Having me. Thank you. I'm a Big Fan of yours to meet you. Thank you. You remind me of me because you say exactly what's on your mind, no matter who likes it. I'm the same way. I'm honored. I'm been a fan, big fan of yours for years. Thank You very much. I, I really appreciate it from fun getting To know you. Thank for having me again. We'll do it all over again when the actual film hits. Thank you. Wow. Right, Chuck Zito, everybody, we're gonna be back tomorrow. But I do wanna tell you before we go, you gotta go to megan kelly.com. All right. And there you can sign up for our once, once a week email. That's all it is. And on our once a week email, we will update you on all the highlights of the week.


We call it the American News Minute, because you can read right at the top of this email, all the news in that's happened in the, You know, ba basically past week in 60 seconds or less. But we also will include a bunch of behind the scenes photos, behind the scenes stories, and people are flocking to it in droves. It's a great way. And then while you're there, if you are so inclined, you can sign up to have basically just to give us your email so that we can have a direct relationship just in case, just in case we ever have to go to a subscription model, which we're not planning on doing. Now, we're we, we want the show to stay free, but You know, we don't like really to rely on outside providers. So anyway, go to megan kelly.com and sign up there. You'll get one email from me with to show highlights and we don't sell your email to anybody.


I find it very annoying when I do that, when you have to sign up and then suddenly you get 20,000 emails from people soliciting you and you're like, I know they sold my email. We're not doing that. So me kelly.com Thank you all for listening. We will be back tomorrow and we'll see you then. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.