
UBC's programs in geographic information systems translate to career growth. GIS jobs have increased 98% over the last few years across a variety of industries. At UMBC, you'll go further getting technical leadership experience as well as advanced knowledge of emerging GIS applications. UBC brings it all together at the Rockville and Baltimore campuses. Learn more@further.umbc.edu.


This is the sound of your ride home with dad after he caught you. Vaping. Awkward, isn't it? Most vapes contain seriously addictive levels of nicotine and disappointment. Know the real cost of vapes brought to you by the FDA


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, Everyone. I'm Megan Kelly Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show Election Night Special Live. We are live right now on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one 11, as well as on YouTube. You can check us out there if you'd like. At youtube.com/ Megan Kelly. We've got a show packed with some of the best political analysts in the country. Victor, Davis Hanson, Mark Halperin Vivek Ramaswamy, the ejs, Dave Rubin, Michael Knowles, Steve Bannon, the ever popular Maureen Callahan from the Daily Mail and so many more. And two of our favorites are joining us in one minute.


The numbers are coming in fast and furiously right now. It's 8:00 PM in the East and polls just closed in Pennsylvania and almost all of Michigan. So we await those polls. A couple of the polls in Pennsylvania are being kept open to resolve a couple of the voting problems that they've had there. Meantime, polls closed a short time ago in Georgia and in North Carolina. So there we go. Georgia, North Carolina, and Pennsylvania. Three of the critical seven swing states are now just about entirely closed in Georgia with just 31% of the vote in Trump is plus 13 over Vice President Harris. We're giving in these numbers. They're totally meaningless. Totally meaningless because who cares?


It's like, well, a lot more percentage of the vote is about to come in and these numbers could totally change unless it's like 80% of the vote. These are next to nothing burgers, but we'll tell you 'cause it's what we all do on election night in North Carolina with 4% of the vote in meaningless number coming, vice President Harris is in the lead plus 21. Meantime, the exit polls show the top issue for voters include the following mood in the country. Not great. 72% say they are dissatisfied or angry. Though many have hope for the future, voters do not have a positive view of either candidate. The top issues among the voters today, democracy and the economy.


On an earlier exit poll, democracy was up top and then it got bounced down to I think number two with the economy ruling. But I will tell you, just based on the past, You know many elections of covering this. Wait another hour and they will shift again. We try to spend the beginning of the night saying, oh, it's bad for Trump. The democracy is so high. And then two hours later, democracy is number eight because the exit polls keep updating with new data and greater input. And You know more of the voters telling these pollsters what was their number one issue. So it's just, you are gonna have to bear with us. 'cause really nobody knows nothing about nothing. So welcome to our coverage. Rich Lowry ISS here.


He's editor in chief of National Review. Charles CW Cook here as well. Senior writer for National Review and host of the Charles CW Cook podcast. They're live with me here in the Red Studio. Hi guys. Hello. So good to be here. So good to have you in person. There's That's not the bar Charlie. I didn't have a beer ready for you. Well, I'm sure I'll get a hold of one I Think. I think I can manage it as the night goes on. Exactly. So that's really the thing to keep in mind is nobody knows nothing about nothing. I mean, that's right, that's the truth at this hour of the evening. But we're all dying for data, so we kick things around. Have you seen anything that jumps out at you? No, not, not yet. It's, it's just way too early. And I always find this, this is the the worst day of the, the election campaign season, right, because you're, you're following everything so closely and then you're suspended, suspended animation, which goes on even after the polls closed for a little bit till we get real data.


But You know, a a big debate is what, what's changed, right? Is, is change actually departing from Biden policies The way Trump is, is arguing and going back to what was he's argues is a more successful bottle or is change just not being Trump or Biden as Harris argues? Are the dominant issues, sort of the affluent white issues, democracy and abortion? Are they the more bread and butter issues with, with more working class appeals? There are just a number of these kind of key thematic sort of things we'll be looking at all night. What I see so far, and what I've heard from the context that I have closer to Team Trump is it's neck and neck You know that they feel very confident. That's what Kamala Harris says too, but that it's just as tight as can be. Just like all the polls leading up to today told us.


I know you're not a fan of these polls. And I agreed with what you said on the editors entirely, but it seems like so far it's just as tight as we were told. And it's gonna be a long night. Yeah, it's also confusing 'cause the first state that comes in fast is Florida. And Florida just seems to be different than the rest of the country now. I mean, there's a blowout in Florida it seems. Rick Scott seems to have won Trump's ahead by 10 points. Miami-Dade County went You know there's so it's not nothing Though. I mean there, there's, there was a couple polls out there that showed it tight for Rick Scott. I mean, earlier You know. But the reason I mention that is that in 2020 when Florida went to Trump, people said, oh, maybe he's gonna win again. He didn't. And then in 2022, when the Republicans won every race in Florida by 15 or 19 points, then people said, maybe it's a red wave and it wasn't.


So it's sort of difficult to know, just, just 'cause Florida's the only one we've really seen called, I mean, George is more interesting, right? So something that could be really different this year than what we've seen in 16 and 20 is there had been that electoral college tilt towards Trump where he could afford to lose by 2, 3, 4 points and either win or be really close this year. If the polls are accurate. You know that's a big, if we'll know more soon, the, the national polls have been tied and the swing state polls have been tied suggesting maybe there isn't that electoral college tilt. And maybe Harris could slightly lose the, the popular vote or be tied and still barely get over the top in those blue wall states. And if she wins and does that, ironically it'll be strength among whites. Right? And Trump, Trump will be picking up among Latinos and blacks and, and winning the southern tier of swing states, but then potentially losing the election if she's, she, if she holds Biden's numbers among whites.


Right. If she can keep those blue wall states, it's tough for him. Although there's You know some rumblings in Team Trump about keeping an eye on New Hampshire. Well that would be a sign, Some sign that, I mean, that would be pretty remarkable. He did go there, but it's been very little attention on New Hampshire, which is just assumed to be not in the camp for him. And yet You know, you could see how it might live free or die. That's your motto. True. Well, the first three or four counties I saw out of New Hampshire actually looked surprisingly good for Trump. So that might be something to watch. Well, If you put together New Hampshire with Nevada and the rest of the Sunbelt, there's possibly a path for Trump. But yeah, he'd much rather do it with Pennsylvania or Wisconsin or Michigan. And it seems like, I mean, Halperin today's reporting and he'll be in here in just a bit And, I like Halperin.


But I, I do sometimes wonder whether he's whispering some sweet nothings out there to Republicans. He would deny this, but he reported the following quote, my reporting continues to be that Wisconsin is looking very bad for the Democrats and that Milwaukee turnout is not what it needs to be for her to win the state. I reported a few days ago that Republicans were feeling very good and Democrats feeling very bad about Wisconsin. So even though there's this whole notion that it's all about Pennsylvania, maybe Wisconsin is the weak link for her. I mean that would get it done. We've been focused so much on Pennsylvania, which doesn't seem to be moving past the tide point, but Wisconsin could be sure could get it done just as easily.


Just gotta take one from, if He wins, wins the sun Sunbelt, he still needs some blue wall state and, and at that point, any of them would be fine. Right? Wisconsin, smaller than than Pennsylvania or Michigan. But it'll still get the job done. And who knows? All these kind of rumors, And, I. I've really respected Mark's work this entire cycle. I think it's been great. Me too. He, he's been independent minded, but all these kind of, it is not his reporting, it's, it is where he is getting it from. You know, it's like the old line about your advertising budget. I know you're wasting half of it. I just don't know what half. So I, I think all this stuff, half of it's true, but I, I don't know which half. Yeah. I have to say, it's shocking to me that half the country is apparently pulling the lever for her tonight. I realize Trump's controversial You know this, you're not a Trump fan, but as You know, she's an idiot.


Honestly, Charlie, I don't, I don't, I don't get it. No, She is an idiot. She is an idiot. But a lot of politics is still about issues, which is good. And there are issues where the Democrats have an advantage. Abortion is one of them. It's really difficult to get past that. If you're a single issue abortion voter, which I'm not. I'm pro-life. Yeah. But then you're going to vote democratic. And if you're in a union and you think that that's your ticket, then you're gonna vote democratic. So once you start adding that in, what I find more annoying is the pretend that she's not an idiot. As you say, You know if you just wanna vote for her 'cause you agree with her, fine. But let's not pretend we're not dealing with someone here who is substandard. Yeah. It'll be just like Biden. Right? If she loses just the way after Biden stumbled in that debate, then then the scales will fall from everyone's eyes and they'll be honest about what she is.


Yes. And the way they aren't now. And if she wins, they won't be honest for another four years or maybe ever. Right. But if she loses, everyone will will admit, she's a nullity. She wasn't up for this. She blew it. She wasn't any good in the first place. You saw late later in the day before these polls closed increasingly alarmed messages from Charlie Kirk, from Elon Musk. Now these are two of the main people responsible for Trump's. Get out the vote effort saying Get to the polls. Get to the polls. They don't share exactly why they needed people to get to the polls. And then Charlie sent out an update saying, okay, the polls we're looking better now men have gotten out of work and are now going past 5:00 PM but clearly they saw something on their You know returns that they didn't much like.


And that's alarming too. I mean, the Trump get out the vote effort is the make or break piece of this entire campaign. They've, he's got those two. He's got a young woman I think who's running her on a lot of it who's supposed to be very talented. Forgive me, I can't remember her name right now, but these guys seem to have been saying late in the day, they weren't too keen on their numbers. So that's a little scary. Yeah. But they're never gonna say, right. It's fine. Stay at home. You know. We'll sit on it. So, so you never know. But this is, I always, I've always thought this is kind of a risk for Trump in this race. 'cause you have to rely on one group to get out. It would be women, especially suburban women, plus they're just naturally a little bit more of the electorate.


52% than, than the guys. So you gotta be nervous about the, the guys showing up and you gotta be nervous whether they're gonna be, you're gonna get a little bit more of guys to make up for the fact that women are more the, the electorate. But maybe we'll know more. Maybe. Maybe they've, they've done it. If they have You know Elon, RFK Jr, kind of these unorthodox voices, I think will played a big role in, in reaching these disaffected males and getting them out. Yeah. And that's been a choice, right? That's been a choice Republicans have made. Partly because Trump took over the party, partly because there were shifts that led to Trump taking over the party that they wanted to shed some of their most reliable voters, middle class white people in the suburbs who show up for every election who voted Republican from 1968 onwards.


And they said, now we want different voters. Now maybe that will work out, maybe it'll work out tonight, maybe it'll work out in the long run. But when you do that, you have to bring out people who are less likely to vote, less interested in politics, less reliable. And that's the challenge that Trump had last time. Last time he didn't do it. He did in 2016. And that's the question, is this election closer to 16 or is it closer to 20 Trump's only done more controversial things Yeah. Since the 2020 vote. But You know, he's run a disciplined campaign in the beginning when he launched it, remember the long, long speech at Mar-a-Lago, I remember saying I fell asleep, which I did. And it was kind of boring. But then he got out on the campaign trail a little and he started to leave Mar-a-Lago here and there.


And it was all grievance. It was all, I didn't lose worst elections. The machines suck. Yeah. And people were bored and, and they were turned off and it was not a good message. And then I think Susie Wiles, who's been running his campaign with Chris Avita, they came in and were like, you're gonna lose if you continue with that. And he stopped. He did show discipline and started talking about the people instead of himself. It creeps up here or there. Last night at the rally in Pittsburgh, he did a long bit on how Elon told him any, any machine with any computer can be hacked. Right. You know. And how he's like very dangerous. And maybe that's true, but why is he talking about that instead of You know the guys in the hard hats and their, their financial issues.


But anyway, my point is, overall I think we've had, we've seen a more disciplined Trump this time around. The question is whether it was disciplined enough to make 2020 j six Trump fade from the suburban moms mind. You know the older voters who Ann Seltzer in Iowa is telling us are still mad at him and also are pro-choice. Like that's one of the big things we're waiting on. Whether he was able to Erase that. Yeah. I still think that's top of mind for, for a lot of, a lot of voters and a lot of suburban voters. And it's one reason this election is, is so close. And he's been relatively disciplined at times. But you always have to underline the relative. But I, for Trump, I think yeah, for Trump. But it's clearly been his best run campaign ever.


And there, there've been phases. It it was relatively disciplined for, for a long time in the primaries and coming out of it. And then it got really discombobulated when the switcharoo happened, which was a little bit weird. 'cause Trump had been telling people for years, there's no way Biden's making to the finish line. They're gonna switch him out. You know he's not gonna be the guy. And then when it happened, it just seemed as though it totally threw him for a, a loop. And then there was a phase where he didn't seem to be working that hard either. But, but now it, he's clearly, I mean you've experienced it in, in person right. That this is one of his main political talents. It's just the sheer amount of energy. Just these relentless rallies. Now the downside is he wants to entertain himself as much as the other people at the rally. So he is, he's not gonna read just the prompter and Oh no. Hopefully makes him happier than when, when the prompter goes out.


So he has has no excuse for even following it. Oh, last Night, last night he started ad-libbing. It was clearly an ad-lib about how he wants to start a fighting league. Like UFC. Yeah. Yeah. With the worst fighters that they have like meaning the best, like the toughest against the worst migrants who are here. Oh yeah. Like the Venezuelan gang. He, He's talked about that one before. Yeah. It was why I was sitting here next to Sage Steel. And I was like thin ice. But like he enjoys that, right? Yeah. He's entertaining now. That's one of the things people love about Trump. He's funny. It would be fun in some ways to have him You know as president. It would be alarming. I know to some in, in other ways. But I think it would be a good time for the country. And that's something that's people are attracted to. If we have her, we don't know what we're getting. There is nothing authentic about her.


There's absolutely nothing genuine. And I didn't get to play this today on the show, but I wanted to show it anyway. So to Kamala Harris, you probably saw this, she went to do like a, a door knock. Yeah. And the people came out and started chatting her up and then she asked them to go back inside and said, because I really wanna do a door knock watch. Here it is. Hey Max, I I I want a door knock. Oh, you want do a door knock? Yeah. Come on. Okay. Had your hat on it's first vote.


January did. There's the acting after she did it. If it, I mean, I have secondhand embarrassment. She can't do anything normally. Charlie. No, She, she, acting is a good word. There's some videos that have gone round on Twitter where they put side by side her performance at various rallies with the exact same word, the exact same head movement. Well I think we Have that. Yeah. Do we have that Steve, where she says the same words that all the rallies And I think we we have it. Yep. Watch it handy. Producers are getting it ready.


No, we'll play it later. Sorry. Well, the point I was, I was making really was that everyone to some extent does that, I mean, if you make speeches, You know the jokes at work and, and you, your timing is broadly the same when you tell them and so on. But this is too much. And that's all she is. It's all she's got, there's nothing there. She's just an avatar. And it's not just that she doesn't believe in anything. It's that she's, she's obviously therefore susceptible to, to being fed ideas. And, I. I also find that quite alarming as potential president of the United States. 'cause they don't have to, that's Why they chose her. Yeah. It's not even just that. I dunno what she stands for. I dunno who she is Or who she's gonna be programmed by. Right. Controlled by.


There's also the, the New York Times profile, this podcaster who did the interview with her. Oh yeah. Have a, like a, a light, the subway informal thing. You know that irritates you or you wanna change. And they had a negotiation. Will she say it's taking your shoes off on the plane? That annoys her. And then she switched, she's, she was gonna maintain that bacon bits are spice. Right. And the guy's Muslim and doesn't eat bacon. So I was like, can we not do this? And there's this long complicated negotiation and he ended up just pulling the plug. Right. Yeah. But Trump, does Trump do that with any of these bro podcast he sits down with for three hours? No, not in a million Years. No. Hell no. Exactly. She, I mean, it's the same person who had to rehearse for the dinner party. That's the person who had to ask the people to go back in. I told us everything you need to know so she could do the door knock.


And the person who had to come in there with her prescripted thing that drives me crazy. Then clearly somebody told her not to say the shoes on the airplane because what t s a is gonna get upset. So she switched it to bacon bits. And when the guy said, I don't wanna do that 'cause I'm Muslim, she, she froze. And then somebody off cam suggested a another thing for her to say, why don't you say this other thing? And she was frozen or I mean, it just shows you Exactly. No confidence, no sense of self. And think about it. I'll just make one point before we take a break. Well not take a break, but move on. You saw the movie Reagan. They they portray the movie Reagan. Reagan in the negotiations that we're having with the Soviets and how like he had to think on his feet. He what? They I'll start this over again.


Yes. Goes out the door and comes back in. Yes. She she's not capable. No. Alright, standby. Ben Shapiro's here. And I wanna talk to him too. He's hosted the Ben Shapiro show and editor Emeritus of the Daily Wire. Ben, great to see you. What are you looking at tonight and how you're feeling? Well, You know, I'm feeling cautiously optimistic. I don't do feelings, so this is very difficult for me. People keep asking me how I'm feeling And. I'm like, I don't even know what you're talking about right now. Feel nothing but You know the, the early indicators right now, I mean, listen, my home state of Florida is kicking ass as per the usual arrangement. All credits are Governor Ron DeSantis who's moved that state into deep red territory. But there are some good sort of bellwethers there for the rest of the evening. Possibly. Osceola County, which is a very heavily Hispanic county.


A lot of Puerto Ricans live there. That county has broken heavily in favor of the Republicans. And so that may speak to the possibility that the Puerto Rican Tony Hinchcliffe of all of that sort of stuff is, is a giant fail. Obviously what you're seeing in Georgia is a bit of mix of data. You're seeing You know what you would expect Donald Trump not performing particularly well in suburban areas, but doing really well among the rural areas. I I've heard some indicators from some rumblings from, from people inside some of the campaigns in Pennsylvania that she is not getting, that Kamala Harris is not getting sort of urban turnout that she was looking for thus far. But rural turnup is, is really, really high. Which is of course precisely what Trump needs. So again, I think that cautious optimism is probably the only proper response to the data that we're seeing thus far.


But one of the things that I just find hard to comprehend is the possibility that anyone would be enthusiastic about voting for her. This is the thing I just keep coming back to in this election cycle. I've heard a lot of people make the case for Trump. I'm one of those people, I've heard a lot of people make the case against Donald Trump and You know whatever that case is. Maybe it has some merit that the thing I have never heard anyone make is a case for Kamala Harris because that case does not exist. Kamala Harris can't even make a case for Kamala Harris. She can't even explain why she's the nominee according to Kamala Harris. Joe Biden is just fine. So I'm not even sure why she's there. So if you are a Kamala Harris voter, are you excited about voting for Kamala or are you excited about voting against Trump and is being excited about voting against Trump really enough to get you up off the couch in the middle of just a, a weekday afternoon to to vote for her?


I, I don't know that's gonna be enough. The latest exit poll and these update, as I said to the audience every hour and these numbers could change and will change, but right now the latest exit poll shows the most important issue facing the country on the national basis is the economy and jobs. 39% say that's number one. 20% say immigration, 11% say abortion. That's good news. That is good news for Trump. If it's because we, earlier in, in earlier versions of the poll, you saw abortion up higher in state to state. We've seen it a little higher, but on a national level, if it's down that far behind economy and immigration, that's good. And that was definitely the Trump campaign closing message, those two issues, economy, immigration, I mean to a fault.


That's all he talked about. Yeah. I believe you're talking there about the Fox News exit poll, the Fox News exit poll. One of, one of the only issues there is that if you look at the CNN exit polls, which again, all exit poll data is basically chicken end trails. I mean like it's, it's all mess. It's very difficult to read anything from it. And so I always You know, lead with that proviso when I'm talking about the exit polling data. The CNN exit polls had an option for democracy. You know democracy under threat, which has of course been Kamala's message and, and Biden's message that one ranked number one narrowly over the economy in the CNN exit poll. I'm not sure that was an option on the Fox News exit poll. So again, very, very difficult to tell what's going on. One thing is for sure Donald Trump is his vote is showing up. And I don't think there's a question of whether Donald Trump's vote is showing up. The real question is whether her vote is going to show up.


The thing that's kind of boggling my mind a little bit is the number of voters who are showing up thus far. I mean it really is astonishing. So 2020, he had this unbelievable increase in the number of people who actually voted and increased about 22 million people from 2016 to 2020. Largely because of course everybody was voting early and voting by mail and covid and all this stuff. And so I had sort of suppose that there was the possibility that you'd actually see an absolute decline in the number of voters from 2020 to 2024. 'cause usually it doesn't jump by 22 million. Usually it jumps by like four or 5 million. Apparently the returns are showing thus far that there is not only a good shot that this turnout matches 2020, but that it actually exceeds it by a fairly significant amount. And so if you were gonna game this out, we were speaking with Brent Buchanan from Signal, who's one of these You know polling experts.


Yeah. What he was suggesting is if you were at 2016 levels of turnout, like low levels of turnout benefit to Trump, 2020 levels of turnout probably benefit to Kamala above that no one has any clue. That's, I mean, that's true about everything right now we're talking about it because it's the only story that anybody cares about. But we honestly, I've been through this so many times, so have you Ben You know that everything we're looking at right now, all this data, all these issues, all these numbers that are up on the board, they're, they're meaningless until we get later into the evening. And we, we actually know more, we see more raw vote come in, You know in a, in a short amount of time. We're gonna start to see more on the counties by counties that You know may portend something about how Trump's doing with Hispanics or how Kamala's doing with black voters.


But You know in the meantime, it, it is really not much more than that. There are a huge number of people who voted early, though we've got some 84 million who voted early in this race and it was disproportionately for the first time Republican. We have a greater percentage of Republicans, people who identify as Republicans in the country now than Democrat for the first time in decades. Ben, that doesn't mean they're Trump supporters. A lot of Trump Republicans don't love Trump, but most most are ready to vote for Trump. So what do you think that means for tonight? Because they're not enthusiastic about Trump on the GOP side, but in two elections they have come home for him. The independence last time, not so much.


Yeah, no, I I think that it would be shocking if Republicans did not come home for Trump. And in fact, you are seeing some early indicators of that really, really high voter turnout in, in the red states, obviously for Donald Trump. But you're also seeing some indicators in, in like Loudoun County in Virginia, Loudoun County, you heard a lot of talk about that you remember during the gubernatorial race between Len Kin and Terry McAuliffe and that that county, the results are in there and it moved right by about nine points. So you, you are seeing a lot of Republicans who are coming home how independents break You know, totally unclear at this point in time. I, I think that one thing that we, it it, it's very hard to read what's gonna happen tonight. One thing that I think is clearly happening nationally, and this is very good for Republicans over the long haul, is the movement of population from north to south, from blue areas to red areas is shifting the demographic nature of voting in the country.


And what that means is that when we do the next census, right in 2030, you are going to see a radical shift in the map. So right now we're paying attention to Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, all those states are getting redder. Virginia is getting bluer, but in terms of the absolute number of electoral college votes for each state, that changes obviously with every census cycle. So by 2030 you're gonna see more electoral college votes actually shift to states like Florida, like Texas, like Georgia, like Arizona. And when that happens, it it there, there's a great possibility that by that point, maybe cold comfort, depending on how tonight goes, by that point, you might be able to see a Republican candidate within without win, without winning any of these. So-called Blue Wall states, wow. The, the entire map just changes.


Wow. Those little sweet nothings you're, you're whispering here on the show. Appreciate that. This just in Ben, this is interesting. NBC the headline is Harris loses grounds, loses ground with Latinos nationwide Latino men are breaking for Trump plus 10 54 or 44 major reversal from 2020 when they backed Biden by 23 they backed Biden by 23 they're breaking for Trump by 10. Wow. So 33 point swing Latino women are going for Harris plus 25, but they went for Biden plus 39. That is a lot closer to what we saw in the polls leading up to today that she was not doing well with Latinos at all and Trump was, and that's why they got so excited about that one comedian's joke about Puerto Rico, which she really did her best to make the most out of in the last week of the campaign.


So far, it doesn't seem notwithstanding what J-Lo told us that they were all that offended. We'll see, Yeah. Trump's additional cutting into the Democrat lead among minority voters. That's real. I mean there was a lot of talk about whether that was mirage, whether that was sort of You know, just a, a sort of bizarre after effect bad polling or whatever that is obviously as the results come in becoming more and more real, we're not just talking here about Hispanic votes. Black men in Georgia, for example, seem to be voting at about a 25% clip for Donald Trump, which is a major, major change for Republicans. I mean, you can see these bellwether counties really moving in a serious way. And I, I was down in the Rio Grande Valley campaigning with Ted Cruz just on Sunday night. Rio Grande Valley is completely Hispanic.


And, and we were out there with like a thousand people, pretty much everybody there was Hispanic. And that county, which that that we were in was a very deep blue county. And now it's no longer a deep blue county. It is trending toward red. A lot of Hispanics. It turns out that that Hispanic Americans, that they want the American dream. And it turns out that pandering to Hispanic Americans by, by somehow thinking that what they actually want is just a wide open border. Like that's such a bizarre supposition. And it's unrooted in reality. It turns out that that just telling Hispanic voters that we're gonna use terms like Latinx, which by the way Latino people absolutely hate because it's idiotic and it was made up on a college campus by a moron. And that, that if you, if you throw that out there and then if you just say that Tony Hinchcliffe made a dumb joke about Puerto Ricans, that somehow Hispanic voters are going to abandon things like You know family upward economic mobility, the church, right?


Things that actually matter to an enormous number of Hispanic voters across the country. You know that. It turns out that's a really, really bad strategy. And it may be that Hispanics across the country don't actually vote in quite the same way that Hispanics in California don't quite vote like Hispanics in Texas who don't quite vote like Hispanics from Florida especially. 'cause Hispanic is such a broad category. I mean you're lumping in there Cubans with, with Mexicans, with Venezuelans, with Argentinians. Not everybody thinks the same way. One of the things that the team, that team Harris was saying leading into today was that they feel good about their quote late breakers that they're seeing data suggesting the late breaking voters, people who decided that last minute are voting for or breaking for her. There is some support for that so far.


CBS news reporting that in North Carolina, most of the voters decided on their candidate long ago, 5% say they made up their minds in the last week. And more of those late deciders went for Harris per the exit polls saying voters who decided in the last week went 58% for her, 36% for Trump. That's always a category to watch. I mean, I will say I can, I can think of a lot of nights I sat there on the set at Fox News and we'd be like the late breakers, somehow this candidate got the late breakers, then we'd spend hours pouring over what happened in the last week. But I really think in this race, it's not, it's nothing that happened in the last week. It's like a gut judgment call on Trump overall.


'cause we all know Trump, right? Versus her, we don't know her, but they, they probably have strong feelings about her. In any event, what do you make of the late breakers? I mean, I, I think a couple things, I I do think that there were some unforced errors at MSG, right? I mean, I think the Madison Square Garden rally contained obvious campaign unforced errors and And I don't think there's really a way around that. You know there was an opportunity for Trump to put his best foot forward and instead it, I think got programmed by a bunch of people who tend to be too online. And so that's how you end up with things like Tony Hinchcliffe You know that that may not have a real impact on the race, but it does remind people of the excesses of Trump as opposed to the, the greatness of his presidency. And he was a really, really good president and, and you don't wanna spend the last week of your campaign talking about You know Peanut, the Squirrel and Tony Hinchcliffe.


You wanna spend the last week of your campaign talking about why Kamala Harris is a bad vice president and we'll make a bad president. And so if people are breaking late against Trump in some of these areas, I would assume that some of that, I mean they are definitionally late breakers, which means they're tuning in late, right? Okay, so then you just have to look at the last week of the campaign. It's not that Harris has won like a wonderful campaign for the last week, is that there've been some actual mistakes by the Trump campaign in in the May. I mean you pointed this out as well in in sort of the last week of the campaign. You know, I think that he can overcome that. Obviously we'll find out tonight, but has this campaign been been a perfect game thrown by either side? I think that you can pretty safely say no, there have been an awful lot of errors on the field And we'll see.


I mean that late breaker number that's gonna change too. So huge asterisk on it all. Ben Shapiro, you're the best. Check him out on the Ben Shapiro show and over at the Daily Wire. You should sign up for a Daily Wire plus membership. I did it well worth it. And you can see Matt Walsh's smash hit movie And I racist, everybody I know loves the film. Ben, thank you for helping make it. Thanks Megan, I really appreciate it. Okay, up next we've got Henry Olsen. He was on the program earlier and told us what he'd be looking for when the polls started to close tonight. And now he'll tell us what he's seeing. He's senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center and host of the Beyond the Polls podcast. He joins me now.


Henry, thank you for being back with us. So one of the things you wanted to look at was Virginia three. Have you been able to glean anything from Virginia three, which you said would be interesting because it's a predominantly black area and we were gonna see how she was doing with African American voters there? Yeah, I mean one of the things we've been seeing from the exit polls so far is that Trump is making some gains in different areas, but it perhaps may be not as large as what we had thought. Right now there aren't enough votes in all of Virginia three to be sure in the sense that they are dropping some votes, but it's very, very heavily tilted to some areas.


So I don't feel comfortable in talking about Virginia three, but Virginia seventh is much more interesting and there you're seeing the sort of gains that you would expect from a good night. Not a great night, but a good night for Republican that the areas in that are democratic are not being as democratic as they should be. And Republican areas are coming in very strong. This could very well be a place where Eugene Finman, the Democratic candidate, trying to hold the seat loses. He's only up by 4% right now. And the votes that are out tilt towards the Republicans. I can't do the math quickly, but this is going to be much closer.


It's not going to be a seven point win for him. And if it's not a seven point win for him, it's not gonna be a seven point win for her. Hmm, okay. That's interesting. That guy Binman, he, his sister-in-Law was the one who was out there celebrating when Trump got shot, was saying, oh no ears were harmed. Go go on about your business. And then people were like, take that down, you ghoul. And she said, no, I won't. Yeah. And then finally somebody was like, Hey, your brother-in-law's running for Congress. This isn't helpful. And she finally was like, oh, I'm very contrite. That was wrong of me. I wonder whether people are still holding it against her. Okay, what else are we looking at? I know we talked a little bit earlier today, we talked about Virginia and one of the questions I heard discussed it was Steve Koi was raising this.


Tell me whether any of this resonates with you. Was he was looking down in Georgia, does Fayette County go blue? It's something that had pre predominantly gone for Republicans like Mitt Romney by 30 points and has been migrating a little bit more Democrat looking in Michigan at a county McComb versus Oakland McComb, more GOP Oakland more Dem wondering You know how much those counties would go and whether it tells us anything. Are you seeing anything else in other counties besides Virginia seven? Yeah, well, Fayette County has 92% of the votes in, and Donald Trump is won by three po is leading by three points. And I would expect on the election day vote that that'll kill up a little bit.


So the expected or the hoped four, if you're a Democrat, blue switch has not happened there. The New York Times ticker or the, the needle says that Georgia leans to Trump. And if you take a look at the exit poll, it suggests a two point margin for Trump. Nate Cohen in the New York Times needle now says a 2.8 margin for Trump. So Georgia is looking good for Trump. She's not hitting her marks there. And part of that is lower than expected margins with African Americans. But all of the exit poll data and where we can see it in Florida, shows massive switches among Latinos.


You know we heard a lot about the Puerto Ricans. Well, Osceola County in Florida is the only Latino plurality county in the country. And guess who's winning Osceola County? Donald John Trump by two tenths of a percent. Wow. What's the other big storyline as you see it? So he's, he's doing very well with Latinos, maybe maybe he's doing better in Virginia seven then You know. She would like to see what else are we seeing in the overall trending? The female surge is not going to bring the Democrats to victory in an overwhelming way. All of the ex polls show that the percentage of women as the electorate might be up by a point or two.


But Trump is winning men by much more than she's winning women. So what you've got in poll, after poll, after poll is Trump winning by 12 points, 14 points among men losing women by 7, 8, 9 points. And what you've got is when you do the math, the fact that women are, are more of the electorate don't outweigh the losses that she has among men. If Donald Trump wins the presidency, it will be because his margins among men are larger than her Wim margins among women. And you have to say that that might be a cause and effect. It's they might like Trump and they might like what Trump is doing, but they might also be reacting negatively to a highly women-focused campaign in the last two weeks by Kamala Harris.


Oh, Henry, you're so helpful. Please don't go far. Love having you. thank you so much. Keep getting your data and we'll go back to you for an update. I should tell the audience, the New York Times, he spoke of the needle. New York Times projecting needle is now projecting Trump will win 2 75 to Harris's 2 63. But I have to say, Henry, before you run, that's the, isn't that the same needle that told us Hillary Clinton was gonna win 2016 by like 93% certainty? You know I since I live tweet on election day, I wasn't looking at the needle, but Nate Cone is a superb analyst and what they do on the data side of the New York Times is very, very accurate.


If the needle says it moves in one direction, I don't think that we should discount the needle. What your listeners may say, think what they want about the Times news reporting. Nate and the data side are straight down the middle. And I. Don't think you're getting any sort of tilt. If they say leans to Trump, it's leaning to Trump, Thread the needle. They're saying Trump 2 75 Harris 2 63. That's their best projection according to the needle. We will be back to Henry in just a bit. Joining me now on set Maureen Callahan columnist for the Daily Mail and author of the new book Ask Not, which is a must read on the Kennedy family, takes you all through the JFK stuff and the JFK junior stuff.


You will love it. I promise you Reen, great to have you. Great to be with you Megan, you look Beautiful. So do you. thank you. Congratulations by the way, again on your rally performance last night. Oh, thank you. Which was really something to behold. And I. Just have to say You know, you mentioned in your speech how the media wasn't prosecuting the Doug Emh H question. Enough. Absolutely true. But you are also probably the lone voice who is naming the women and that 12-year-old girl Jocelyn murdered by illegal migrants and bringing the trans issue and what it's doing to our girls and young women up and up and up.


And it's so important. And it was just really incredible to have somebody bring that home the night before the election. Thank you. It's just been so annoying to watch the Republicans seed the issue of the female vote to the other side. Like what is she offering women other than abortions? That's, I mean, truly. That's it. That's it. It's so shortsighted. But isn't that her entire campaign, Sury and shortsighted You know she thinks she's gonna win the female vote on the backs of abortion, which as you rightly pointed out, especially this past week, it's never gonna be federalized ever. And it shouldn't Be. No, it won't be.


They won't open that door once they open it for the Democrats to do it. It's open forever for the Republicans to issue a ban, a nationwide ban if that's the way they go with it. So they're, it's, they're not that dumb. They understand full well if they say, yeah, the Feds can regulate this, it means either side can Absolutely. And if they get rid of minority rights in the Senate, then the Republicans will take care advantage of that one day too. They, they're not that stupid and abortion is too important to them. It's just a lure to get young women and older to the polls. It's a lie. It's so dishonest. And meanwhile, women are being killed right now by these illegals, by criminals on our street. Thanks to these soft on crime das hurt in their sports, women being hurt in prisons by these trans people who, it's just none of that.


The media total blackout, they treated it the same way they treated those Doug Emh allegations. 100%. 100%. And it makes me as a female voter so furious. And it's just You know watching some of the coverage that's been going on just now watching them over on M-S-N-B-C, they're having a premature victory party You know. And it's just so disingenuous because they've just been nothing but a propaganda arm, admittedly of the Harris campaign. And, I have to say, speaking to Charlie earlier before your show, he said with certainty, I think it's gonna be Kamala Harris. And I felt panic.


I'm losing my voice, Megan. I think this election is killing us. I just want it to be over in the worst way. I have to say, I too have had a pit in my stomach. Have you all day. And it's You know. It's just I want data in. It's so hard to come by until longer. We have to wait longer. It's like when you're waiting for a great vacation or you're waiting for the results of an important test or something. Do you have Cancer? Yeah. What? Maybe, No, not you, but like if you're in the doctor's office waiting to hear the results Yes. Of a biopsy. I feel like that. I feel like it's that cons. Consequential. Consequential. Yes. Alright, standby.


I know two ladies who would like to weigh in on this. They're here to join our discussion. Emily Jashinsky. She's DC correspondent for Unheard and Eliana Johnson, editor in chief of the Washington Free Beacon. Ladies, welcome. Great to see you. Are you having the feeling? Do you guys have the pit like in the stomach? I mean, it's, right now what I feel like is for the next, what five plus hours we are going to be hurdling towards, as you mentioned with Henry Olsen, Megan, that needle, the New York Times Needle, having it like that close projecting a win for Donald Trump. But having it so close with there are 30,000 ballots that needs to be recounted by hand in Milwaukee. We know already Pennsylvania's not expecting to get results until two or three in the morning.


So we have some of these bellwethers that look pretty good for Donald Trump. Now, Kamala Harris has gained in some suburban counties, although not all of them, but she has made some significant gains in those suburban counties. But Donald Trump is making gains in rural counties making big gains in Florida, as Henry mentioned. And so it just feels like we're going to be in a situation that You know, two, three in the morning comes around and we are still biting our nails about what's happening in Pennsylvania. Stop right now, Wisconsin, stop it. You are unheard. I'm I'm so sorry. None. It didn't happen. I'm sorry. Didn't hear that. Stop it. Elliot, Emily Jasinski. I'm so sorry, but Eliana, listen to this. This is interesting. The New York Times, Nate Cohen, we were talking about his needle, not his needle.


Forgive me You. know what I'm saying? It sounded for the crowd. Maureen. Gotta have some fun. The needle from the New York Times, times projecting Trump, Trump victory. Trump 2 75 Harris 2 63. And now another update from him. We now estimate Harris's lead in the national popular vote to be just over one percentage point. This is somewhat smaller than we opened the night with, and it's almost entirely attributable to Trump's strong result in Florida across all counties. Precincts and townships counted so far, Trump is running 0.3 points ahead of our expectations.


And perhaps that's all Florida. So that's interesting. It's, it's Florida Eliana. But it's interesting because one of the big questions coming into tonight was are the polls, the national polls underestimating the Trump support? And what he seems to be saying here is maybe may it we're getting some evidence that they were And I. Think the other question, the other open question is can you extrapolate some of the results in Florida to similar counties in Georgia where we still don't know the result. But I think one of the things we can say right now while we're trying to fill time before we know anything really, is that we're, we're absolutely seeing a continuing realignment of the political parties with minorities coming increasingly into the Republican party and the Democratic Party increasingly becoming more a party of white coastal elites.


You mentioned and talked with Henry Meghan about exit polls showing that a, a 10 point shift in Latino men toward Donald Trump. And, and also exit points showing Trump performing as well as about winning about 25% of the African American vote. Those are numbers that would've made You know George W. Bush or Mitt Romney faint if they had seen them. And it does right now, You know, I think the question that, that everybody is grappling right now is will Trump's gains with white men and You know men, men of all colors, because his gains with men are extending to Latino men.


African American men outweigh whatever gains she's been able to make with women. You know Emily, you're already hearing some grumbling from some on the left about You know there's just people in this country who will never vote for a woman. They're just never gonna vote for a woman. And then there was the Jen Psaki line over on M-S-N-B-C suggesting whatever happens in this election, what we're really gonna need to do is crack down on social media and insist that they be held to the same standards as those of us on cable news. Emily fell over. That's how shocking that statement was. She, she fell over My iPad. Megan, she's Back. So what, what do you make of it's sexist that people aren't voting for her and the problem is these internet provocateurs who aren't held to the same high standards as M-S-N-B-C.


Yeah. I mean, it's gonna be really frightening to see what happens if so in a scenario where Donald Trump wins. We sort of already saw what happened after 2016, which was the left kind of sprint in the other direction and actually get even more censorious. It wasn't really till Donald Trump hit the stage that we started outwardly seeing these like sort of boastful calls and demands actually not just from elected officials, but from normal people. Normal people on the left who identified as left-leaning in this country, demanding that they be protected from speech they don't like, because they don't trust other voters to make their minds up. Right? They think the people need to have their hands held by journalists and by pollsters and by the social media companies to put those, it's like You know your bumper bowling, right?


They need to put the bumpers on the bowling lane and that, that accelerated after November of 2016. Like on another level it didn't You know, nobody reckoned with it and said, okay, let's actually think about how we can persuade and respect the dignity of these voters. It was, we must be protected from the speech of these voters. These voters must be protected from the speech of other voters because they will have their binds changed in the direction we don't want. So I'm not surprised by this at all. I would expect that if Donald Trump wins, that will triple You know. We've seen it double down. Yeah, I I think we'll see it triple down. Honestly. You know. You know. What's this Reminds me, Maureen, while I have you here. Last night there was a Twitter fight between Josh of the Daily mail, forgive me blank in his last name.


The guy, the guy who broke the, the mh H stuff. The Moff story. So he got into an argument with Bill Burton of the Obama administration. And I. Keep asking Tim Miller, who interviewed Doug mh h and did not ask about the allegations against him at all. Neither did Molly, John fast. N nobody. Joe Scarborough. Joe Scarborough, yeah. Didn't ask him. Anyway, I've been fighting with Tim Miller online. Why didn't you ask about the abuse allegations? Why didn't, and he won't answer. And Bill Burton decides to weigh in and says, why are you asking about Russian disinformation? Oh, Are you kidding me? No. Are you kidding me? No. And Josh is like, excuse me.


Are you calling my information? I also just reported on the new sexual assault allegation against Donald Trump by that model. Right? So why are you suggesting, I'm just going fishing with the Russians for disinformation? I mean, we both know that she's not Russian disinformation. No, we know she's a lawyer. We know where she lives. The we know every we at the male know everything about this woman. She came to us and sat down and gave Josh Boswell interview. Josh Boswell great reporter, did incredible work. This stuff with Jen Sackey, one of my favorite whipping people. I cannot stand her. You're telling me that it's not enough that the media ran cover for the Hunter Biden laptop, and that Facebook and every other major tech company in Silicon Valley was bullied by the FBI into not covering it into, they blocked the New York Post for like two weeks.


They wouldn't platform the post because we, I worked there at the time, we were the only people covering it. Russian disinformation, Russian plant. You can't authenticate it. Well, guess what? It turned out to be real, which they've only admitted, I believe this year after he pled guilty, he finally pled guilty. The FBI took the stand at the Hunter Biden trial and said it was real and they knew it. In any event, we're gonna hear a lot of that, depending on how tonight goes Eliana, there will be the sexism card and so on, but we're getting ahead of ourselves because she could win. I mean, she could absolutely win. I will say, and, and this could change, but virtually everybody, not virtually everybody I've spoken to on the Republican side, the data people, the poll people, the people around team Trump feel very certain that the Republicans are going to win the Senate.


And so You know maybe they're wrong about that, who knows. But that's like the rest of the races tonight are important for obvious reasons. If Kamala Harris goes in there and has control of the Senate and has control of the House, she actually might get rid of the filibuster and the Senate and our government will have changed forever. Yeah. I let, I wanna address that. But before I get to that one thought on sort of the blame game and the sexism, bit You know, sure, we're gonna hear that co ka law loss because of sexism from predictable quarters, but I actually don't think that's gonna be as prominent a narrative with her as it was after Hillary Clinton lost for a couple of reasons.


The first is that she, at her credit, hasn't made her gender or her race a central part of her campaign. She did campaign on the abortion issue, but I think any Democrat would have, because it is, it has been proven to be a good issue for them. I actually think there's gonna be so much bitterness and recrimination and finger pointing if, if she loses, I think Joe Biden is gonna take a whole lot of the blame. And so no Mount Rushmore Be blame for. Yeah, exactly. He'll be blamed for running for reelection and he'll be blamed for, for Mount Rushmore of Denny's for playing identity politics with his choice of vice presidential pick when he knew when he ran in 2020 that he was old and frail and people saw cognitive decline during that bid.


So I, my sense is that he's gonna shoulder the host of the, the, the host of the blame if she loses and we'll hear a little bit less. Yes, we're gonna hear it, but we'll hear a little bit less As to your point about the Senate and the rest of the important races. Yes, that's absolutely true. There are many, many competitive Senate races across the country, and if Trump does win, this is one reason to watch his margins. You know, one interesting thing is in 2020 and 2016, the conventional wisdom was that Donald Trump would be a drag on the ticket and that Republican senate candidates would outperform him.


That is not what we've seen this year. We've seen Trump running ahead of conventional Republican senate candidates, and the conventional wisdom is that Trump needs to run You know one, one and a half points ahead of these Senate candidates to pull them over the finish line. So You know for your viewers looking for what to watch in a state like Pennsylvania, Trump needs to win that state You know is what I'm hearing from people by one, one and a half, two points for somebody like Dave McCormick to cross the finish line and oust and incumbent You know a longtime incumbent like Bob Casey. Yep. It could happen there. It could happen in Ohio with Bernie Marino. I mean, we think that it's gonna hap Yeah, and we, we think it's gonna happen in Montana with Sheehy.


Although I have to tell you, I had a very weird interview with Sheehy on Thursday. You can go check our YouTube feed, but he's gonna win. And that's, that's good for the Republicans e ejs, it's a pleasure as always, thank you for being here. Thank you, Megan. Talk soon. Okay, Maureen, sticking around and up next, Tom Bevin and Sean Trendy from real Clear Politics. Sean knows those counties, like the back of his hands and You, know that Tom Bevin is a guru when it comes to reading polls and data. So we'll find out from them what the hell is going on, at least as we know it right now. Don't go away. There is no greater purpose in life than protecting those we love.


And in our uncertain world today that can make us all a little uneasy. Safety and comfort in our lives is so important, and this is why I wanna tell you about Birch Gold Group. Gold has stood the test of time as one of the safest investments we can make. Maybe you're considering whether an IRA or 401k still fits your needs in today's environment at Birch Gold, they will help you convert all or part of your IRA into physical gold tax free and penalty free. And it doesn't cost you a thing out of pocket. Over the past five years, the price of gold is actually up about 80%. How about that? Get a free info kit to learn more about gold by texting MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8. If you want safety and to protect your savings for your family and future generations, text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and see if Birch Gold Group is right for you and for the family that you love.


Text the letters MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 for your free info kit from Birch Gold. Welcome back to the show at 9:00 PM Eastern, which is in about six minutes, polls will close and the key battlegrounds of Arizona, Wisconsin, Arizona, Wisconsin are big. And the last four counties in Michigan that are in the central time zone. The central time zone is also home to one of our next guests, Tom Bevan, who lives in Chicago and Sean trendy from real clear politics. And, I, don't know where Sean lives. Guys, great to see you, Tom. Lemme start with you. What's jumping out at you and the coverage that, and the data that we're seeing so far?


Well, I mean, Florida's the big number. You know, I mean, Trump is just blowing the doors off in Florida, and we saw that in 2022 was the only place where the red wave happened, basically with DeSantis and Rubio winning overwhelming victories. And so here you go again, You know Democrats thought with abortion on the ballot down there that that was a state they would be competitive in. They looked at Rick Scott and thought, Hey, maybe he's one of the opportunities to pick up in the Senate. It's clearly not happening. And so that's good news. But the question is, well, how much does that tell us about what's happening in the rest of the country? And you look You know where Kamala Harris's best opportunity is, is to, is that upper Midwest? Right? Pennsylvania Mission, Wisconsin. She'd win the electoral college 2 72 68.


And there, You know, we still don't have enough data to make a decision. Sean's from Ohio, and we were talking about the Ohio numbers earlier, and he can, he can tell you about these, but they're a little You. know Trump's not running as strong in Ohio as the polls had suggested. And that might be a, a bit of a cause for concern, but in, in, in plenty of the other places around the south in Georgia, Trump's running strong. So it, but the upper Midwest is where this ball game is gonna be won and lost. Mm. Okay. Sean, you go Ohio. What? Yeah, the Ohio results right now are close. Now there, there's still a lot of votes to be counted there and a lot of this is gonna be early vote, which is typically favorable to Democrats.


But the question isn't whether or not Trump wins Ohio, he's gonna win it. The question is, does he win it by just eight points? If he does, that suggests there haven't been the kind of swing in the upper Midwest that we've seen in places like Florida and Georgia. That in turn kind of gives us some concern for Republicans about Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, and Michigan. Incidentally, this is exactly what we saw in 2022 where Florida was big for Republicans. Georgia came home for Republicans not named Herschel Walker. You know Virginia swung, I mean, it's crazy right now. Trump's only losing Loudoun County by 15 points.


He lost it by 25 in 2020. But it's that rush in Virginia belt that didn't move. Yeah. If we're talking about Pennsylvania, we just get nervous. So what's the path for Trump if he loses all three states in the blue wall? Can he do it, Sean, if he wins all of the Sunbelt, including Nevada and New Hampshire, At that point, he really kind of has to pull a rabbit out of his hat. Maybe. I mean, Virginia is close right now, so maybe Virginia, that Doesn't come home for Harris. Like Yeah, it, it, it is a close state right now. It's almost certainly gonna be low, low single digits, maybe New Hampshire.


One thing no one's really paid a lot of attention to is New Mexico. And if Trump really does bring it home with Hispanic voters, that's a place. But these, these are long shots. If he doesn't win one of the blue Wall states, it is hard for him to win the presidency. Tom Bevin, I know how you Yeah, go ahead. Yeah, I was just gonna add, I, I'll, I'll, I'll let raise you one better. I mean, we haven't And, I'm not saying this is likely, but obviously Kamala Harris wins Pennsylvania, Wisconsin could come down to that one blue.in Nebraska, right? Oh God. If Trump is able to win that, we'd be at a 2 69, 2 69 tie and Go to the house representative. Wait, stop, stop, stop, stop. Because I, this, this stuff confuses me.


So what would get him to the blue.in 2 69? All the Sunbelt. So it would have to be North Carolina, Georgia, Arizona, and Nevada, right? All of that. All four of those. And, and then what number would that put him at? Yep, That would put him, that would put, he would lose two 70 to 2 68. Okay. But then if he gets Kamala Harris, Blue dot, Pennsylvania, Michigan it, Wisconsin. Correct. The congressional district in Nebraska, which is, we had a little bit of polling out there. Kamala Harris was ahead. This is right around Omaha. It's a pretty liberal area. It would be a, he's not gonna win. This would also be a sort of rabbit out of the hat. Yeah. Okay. Well, he May have a better chance actually winning there than he does in places like New Hampshire, but, But if he, but if he wins, what I said is correct, right Tom, if he wins all the Sunbelt, those four states, including Nevada and New Hampshire, he's got, he's got it.


He's over two 70. If he, if he won New Hampshire, he would Yeah. Yeah. And I realize New Hampshire is also any basically Kind of anything at that point if he wins New Hampshire or if he wins Virginia or if he wins New Mexico. But he would have to win one additional state to get over two 70. And I'm, I'm kind of making up that New Hampshire's even a thing. I mean, I, I have heard people mention it, he did visit it. It's not entirely impossible, but it is not a swing state and it is not expected to go Republican. He would be much happier if he could just win Wisconsin or Pennsylvania or Michigan. Go ahead Tom. It is a state that Hillary Clinton only won by 2,700 votes in 2016. So it's not out of the now, it did swing pretty hard for Joe Biden in 2020, but in, in other ways, this, this map is looking a lot more like 2016.


So it's not outta the question, but I think to your point, it, it might be a little bit of a reach. Sean, trendy Reuters reporter, Jarret Renshaw just reported as follows, election night jitters are hitting Democrats hard. They don't like what they are seeing in exit polls, particularly support for Trump among Latinos and black men. Are you seeing those same trends? We are. Again, Loudoun County is a county that's in demographic flux and, and Donald Trump doesn't shoot up 10 points just on the backs of white voters, though we can also see some softness for Harris in southwestern Georgia where there's a lot of rural black voters. What I'm really excited about just from a a pure demographic nerd perspective, is what happens to those counties along the Rio Grande Valley.


Those were counties that have voted for Democrats going back to LBJ. Donald Trump put a crack in the wall there if he really does push it forward. We're talking about a whole new political chapter for that area of the country. And it's very much possible given what we're here, especially in a place like Florida. One other thing for you, Sean Harry Anton over at CNN reporting that in North Carolina we now have nine counties with 95% or more of the vote in, I don't know how many counties there are saying Trump is matching his 2020 performance nearly. Exactly. That would be good news for Trump since he won that state. He won it by a little bit more than a point last time around. But it seems like so far his performance in North Carolina is strong.


Yeah, there, there's a hundred counties in the state. So it's about, it's about 9% of the counties in, but the fact that they're all, all the vote is in and he's holding serve in a state that he won by a couple points suggests that You know he's probably on his way to that Sunbelt sweep we were talking about. Hmm. It's gonna come down to Rust Belt. Alright, Tom, this is the best news I've seen for Trump tonight. Oh, by the way, this just in, this is not great news for Trump News Nation decision Desk hq. They are projecting that Kamala Harris is won Virginia, which wouldn't come as a surprise, but it would remove one of the states that we just discussed as like Hail Mary path for Trump from that path.


But listen to this Tom Bevan, the latest rounds of round of exit polling just hit at 9:00 PM and it's got data from 10 key states, white suburban women, and this is significant, but white suburban women here, let me see it. Hold on. I wanna get it for you. Trump is beating Harris with them. 51 47. This is the first look we're really getting at demographics from the 10 key states. The exit polling is looking at, and so far as of 9:00 PM Eastern Trump is beating Harris 51 47 with white suburban women.


Tom. Well, I mean, okay. I mean, they're exit polls. We don't ever, I mean, I've done this long enough to know that like I I just throw the exit polls in the garbage. I mean, they're, they're usually wrong. Sometimes they're, sometimes they're catastrophically wrong. So I don't put much And then they, that they changed, they changed dramatically like hour to hour. Yeah, no, it's exactly. So I, but I wanna go back to the Rust Belt for a second because You know the, the Pennsylvania and Michigan Wisconsin's the state where we've had the biggest polling misses over the last You know two cycles, 2016 and 2021 was like six points big ones. And it didn't get better. It was like 11 points in 2020.


Yeah, Yeah. And well, we had a poll that was 11 points and ended up You know Biden won it by less than a point. So I mean, it, it's been a really, really tough state for pollsters to, to gauge and You know we have Harris ahead there, but by less than half a percentage point in our average of a bunch of different polls, there is some data suggesting that Trump could win that state and You know Mark Halperin Hass been reporting that You know, he, he, his sources are saying that Democrats are depressed about what's going on in Milwaukee and other places. So I think You know if Harris does win Pennsylvania, she does win Michigan. It could come down to Wisconsin. Again, And I mean that state has been outside of Obama's win in oh eight and 12.


It has been the closest state in the country every single election. And it's been decided by a total, I did this analysis a a few months ago, something like 60,000 or 80,000 votes in four elections. I mean, every time again, outside of Obama, it's been like 10,000 votes or 15,000 votes. It's been ridiculously close. And, and it might be that again tonight. Hmm. Okay. We don't know much. We believe we know that she won Virginia according to News Nation. Anyway, we don't have our own, our own independent decision desk here, but that's being projected. Not a surprise. These guys are coming back in just a bit. Tom and Sean, thank you. Back to you in a, in just a little while.


Right now it's just after 9:00 PM Eastern polls are closing in several key states and back with me now to discuss it all national reviews, Rich Lowry and Charles CW Cook. We have moved them out of the Red Studio and over to Doug Bruns office where he writes the books. It's an upgrade, Including Diesel, which everybody should buy and read The mysterious case of Rudolph Diesel now available on paperback. Okay guys, so You know we, we keep saying it because we must, to be honest with the audience we're getting all this data in and we don't know whether it's worth the paper that it's printed on the exit polls, her projected win in Virginia. Not a surprise, but if the polls are correct that he's doing better in with suburban women, rich, then she is, it seems hard to believe that that's gonna hold, but at least at this hour.


That's that's amazing. Yeah, I I wouldn't believe it. I mean if, if that's true, it's just that the election's over, right? We we can, we can shut it down now is gonna win. So I I I'm, I'm very skeptical of that and, and we have real results coming in now, so we don't need to rely on the exit exit polls necessarily. And we're, we're looking at Georgia Key swing state where it looks as though You know decision desk in New York Times project based on results. And, and both of them have Trump about 70% chance of winning Georgia. So that would be a key piece of the Southern Sunbelt strategy he needs to, to, to get to two 70. Okay. So Charlie, I know one of the things you're looking at is what's happening down in Florida with this ballot initiative that got Trump tripped up a little.


He was asked if he was gonna vote for this ballot initiative that was gonna enshrine the right to an abortion in the Florida constitution. And they've, they've come to a decision on it. Yeah, I mean it's a tricky issue for Republicans because the country's not as pro-life as they'd like it to be, but the ballot failed. And that is the first time since the Dobbs decision that a state has put abortion up in a referendum and had the pro-life side prevail. The threshold in Florida is 60%. So it, it, it did get more than 50% and that ought to be acknowledged.


But still You know Ron DeSantis performance as governor of Florida will go down in history. He's shifted the state from a swing state to a, a red juggernaut. He's the first governor to have passed a six week abortion ban and then successfully defended it in a referendum. I mean, it, this is, this is a big moment and it's incredible when you think about Florida in 2016, which went to Trump in a, in a shock narrow victory. Hmm. So Charlie, how much of it is, I was gonna, I just wonder how much of it is DeSantis or, or how much of it is transplant transplants? Are they kind of, kind of both.


Well, I think the reason I say that DeSantis is the, the focal point is because of Covid, right? So I think a lot of this stuff is happening anyway. And if you go back to the election of Jeb Bush in 1998, that's really when Florida starts to shed its Democratic party heritage and to stop being an all boys network type state and to start attracting people from all over an investment in business and so on. But just a shocking number of the people who have moved into Florida and voted and registered Republican in the last five years have done so because of how different the state was under Covid than where they came from.


Which is New York, New Jersey, Pennsylvania, You know the Midwest. I think, I think you have to give a lot of that credit to DeSantis. Yeah, just, just if, if one, it just shows how politics changed, right? Ohio and Florida used to be the swing states, right? And now just aren't even a factor on on the the map. And also if, if just if you looked at Florida in 2022 and now I say everything's fine, everything's gonna work out, everything must be great because we're crushing it. Republicans are crushing it in Florida and now, but we don't know. 'cause now Florida's kind of outlier and how, how Republican it is. Yeah. And it works the other way around. It's funny, I went back recently And I watched the coverage of the 2000 election.


'cause I wasn't here then. I didn't even really know what was happening. And it's funny how the hosts on the CNN broadcast that I watched, you can see it all on YouTube. Talk about some states as if they're just self-Evidently Republican Virginia is one of, yeah. As they say, well George W. Bush was won Virginia, of course You know. Yeah. George W. Bush Was this before this West Virginia went Republican. Oh, that's true. That that, that was a shock I think when it happened. But Colorado was another one. Well of course he's won Colorado as electoral votes, whereas now yeah, he wouldn't unimaginable And Florida, I just think again over a short period of time to go from what it was to where it is now. And the New York Times Sena poll said that Scott and Trump were gonna win the state by 12 or 13 points.


That's what just happened from what I've seen. And they had to publish another piece defending themselves saying we think we are right about this. 'cause there was still all of this residual sense that it was in play, but it's not in play. It's, it's changed. It's Gone. So two, 2000 before your time, but it was one of the great election nights I've ever experienced. 'cause it's so dramatic 'cause it's so close. A little like tonight might be who, who knows maybe it won't be. But the media pulling back Florida after calling it was just extraordinary. Yeah, Absolutely. Another piece of news for you, Charlie, for your home state, they have apparently defeated a ballot initiative that would've enshrined the right to smoke weed in the Constitution. They're not in favor of legalizing marijuana.


And so Florida, I mean Ron DeSantis kind of batting a thousand on this to your point and also an update for you guys on these are not real numbers, these are just the New York Times' needle projection on how they think this race is going. The New York Times is now saying that they're projecting Kamala Harris looks like she at this rate will win the popular vote. Again, this is just a guess by 0.8, which would be no bueno for her because in order to You know to carry that victory over into the electoral college, it would have to be by most estimates from the pollsters two points or more, certainly not 0.8, they have now increased the pre prediction for Trump's electoral college victory from 275.


He only needs two 70 to 280. They had 2 75 to 2 63. Now they're saying they project it will be Trump two 80, Harris 2 58. Very interesting to see them doing this. And then decision desk hq, which I believe is working with News Nation to make calls, is now giving Trump a 70% chance of winning the election. All of this is a little bit of voodoo. I hate to say that 'cause people say it too much, but it doesn't mean he's gonna win. It just means he's looking strong to them based on the initial data. And one last point guys, the New York Times has not yet called Virginia and the New York Times is Nate Coh has tweeted out that Trump is doing much better in Virginia than he did four years ago when he lost by 10 points.


But there are very few places where he is running 10 points better than he did last time. So in other words, he lost last time by 10 points and he's doing better than that this time. But there are very few places where he's running 10 points better than he did last time. Maybe he means outside of Virginia. I'm actually not sure what that means. He'll, he'll still lose, but he is not gonna lose by 10 points. That is interesting guys, that he's doing better in Virginia than he did the last time. And that more and more the New York Times is seem to be projecting as his decision desk hq. Yeah, it's looking like a strong night for Donald Trump.


Rich. Yeah. So Charlie And I are both sports fans. So we were just talking earlier about if you follow any game on the e espn app, the, the percentage odds of a team winning does not necessarily, it can be too sensitive and it just, something goes wrong, it changes. But by the way, pro all props to you on the sports reference, the the Hail Mary pass. thank you. That, that was impressive. Rich Megan, you and Andy McCarthy have gotten me up to speed. I have to suffer through your sports talk. You've learn every week. Yeah. You've learned the rgo. I do. But it, I Listen. It seems as though Megan You know still early, but with with Harris perhaps overperforming some in Ohio and and Trump seeming strong in Georgia and a little stronger than you would've expect in Virginia.


This may set up the, the emphasize that the likeliest scenario for Harris is just holding the blue wall by the skin of her teeth, barely winning the popular vote and just barely winning the blue wall states. While, while Trump sweeps sweeps the southern tier. And as you're talking about with Tom and Sean, unless You know there's a miracle in New Hampshire where the last time I left You know he's behind by 10 points with about 25 30% of the vote in. Unless that happens, he needs one of them. He needs, he needs one Of them, he needs One and Maybe he needs one. Yep. Yeah. And so before we get too far ahead of our skis, so yes, the data is looking good in some ways for Trump, but we haven't heard any promising update from or or not promising just nothing from Pennsylvania, Michigan or Wisconsin since we started seeing vote come in, not one.


And he does need one of those unless he pulls a rabbit out of his hat by getting a New Hampshire in addition to Nevada. And he's not gonna get Virginia now we know that. So don't, don't, don't start celebrating. It's way too early. She could still win this thing. We're just reading little tea leaves here and there. Alright, more with Rich and Charlie in just a bit here with me now. Spencer Kimball, he's executive director of Emerson College polling Spencer, thank you for joining me. So tell us what's jumped out at you so far tonight. Well, listening in, Megan, I think you've kind of touched on Trump overperforming where some of the polls thought he was gonna be and obviously where he was in 2020. Okay. Is there anything in particular, any jurisdiction?


Is there anything you can glean from what he's done so far? Well, I mean if we take a look at the real key states of Georgia and North Carolina, our swing states, that's where Harris put a lot of money and efforts into this, into the race. You know, we look at a state like Florida or Texas where Trump is running up the numbers. Harris really didn't compete there. So in the states where she was competing, he's starting to pick up two three point advantage in Georgia. And if he can hold that number, that's a state that he needs to take back that Biden was able to take. And then same thing in North Carolina, that's one that Harris was looking to hold. If we jump up to Pennsylvania, I know that the numbers are early there, but the concern for the Harris team is the early vote And, I'm sure you've discussed it, they're down about 600,000 votes from 2020 when they had 1.6 million early votes this time they only have a million early votes.


The Republicans held the 600,000 early votes from 2020 and kept it here in 2024. So I think as we see that vote count come in Pennsylvania, that early count, that early vote missed by Harris might actually cost her the election. Wow. The the times just moved. Georgia and North Carolina from tossup to quote Lean Trump, they're doing this as they're seeing raw vote come in and they like you understand where the raw vote is coming from, which counties, which counties are still outstanding. All of that is what goes into making projections of these states.


So what do you make of that? The fact that they've decided right now to move Georgia, they moved to Lean Trump a little while ago. Just a second. They moved North Carolina from toss up to Lean Trump. Well, I mean if we take a look at like even Indiana and Kentucky, Trump is overperforming where he was. So there's this base of of support that's coming out beyond where he was in 2020, which was a very close election. So as we see that in these other states, it's appearing, it's happening in the key swing states. And if they're happening in Georgia and in North Carolina where he's picking up more, then what's to say Wisconsin, which was within a point, doesn't swing in his direction based on what we're seeing in these other states around the country.


And even Ohio is up around nine 10% right now, which is in that Midwest to give us a little bit of a taste of where that might go. But Indiana again gives us a little flavor as well that he seems to be doing what better than what was anticipated. And perhaps it's the rural vote that's coming out at a pretty strong rate and very intense rate. Not just 70, 75%, like 90% Support we've been discussing. We've been discussing you And I for a while now, whether Trump would outperform his polls or whether this would be a 2022 election where we expected a red wave and we didn't get it and and the Democrats out the polls, does it look to you right now like Trump is out outperforming his polls?


Or is it too early to say? Well, I mean, based on what we're seeing in the states that have counted their votes, he is outperforming those numbers sometimes by a larger amount, four or five points, but at least by two or three. And You know Virginia as case in point, he's cut that lead in half. Where if the idea was that Harris had momentum and was gonna carry it, you would think that she'd at least hold it by nine 10 and maybe she will. But right now it's a tide race. And that's beyond the expectation I think, of what was gonna be in play tonight So far. Spencer, do you see evidence of a surge of female voters turning out in greater numbers than expected greater numbers than we saw in 2020 for Harris?


No, not on the eastern seaboard. What we expected in Georgia is a 55 45 female to male split. That's what we traditionally see in Georgia and that's what we're seeing right now for Harris. You would wanna see that number closer to 57, 43. And we're just not seeing that. And that's why I guess Georgia has been moved over or moving over to the Trump column. Now as we get up into Pennsylvania, remember there's just three states where you have to look at Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, and depending on how those play out in the next hour or so, You know, we'll see where the election goes. But there could be an early call, particularly as those votes get counted in Wisconsin.


I've gotta ask you about the Ann Seltzer, Des Moines register poll. She had Trump down three Kamala Harris, up three leading him by three in the red state of Iowa. You guys did a similar poll like the same time and showed Trump beating her by 10. So diametrically opposed results. You guys are gold. They say she's gold. So what did you make of her poll? It was a great opportunity for You know Iron against Iron, steel against steel. We see how it matches up. Probably at the end of the day when you see two numbers that are so out like that, you add 'em together and it's gonna land in the middle.


So I would expect Trump to win by six, seven points in Iowa. But that's how polling works. You sometimes get an outlier on one side or the other. And obviously we'll see what the votes look like tonight, but, or the early indication is that it's tracking more like 2020 and not some different turnout than what her numbers were looking like. And what happened in 2020 in Iowa, Trump won by eight. Oh, that's right. That's right. And she had projected seven, so she, she got pretty close on that one. Spencer, thank you so much. Good. Great to speak with you. Great to speak with you. thank you Megan, for having me as, as always. Alright, joining me now the three hosts of the morning meeting, A Fast-growing interactive show on the two-Way YouTube channel.


Mark Halperin is Editor-in-chief of two-Way, Dan Turrentine Tyne is a former democratic strategist, and Sean Spicer is host of the Sean Spicer Show. Guys, welcome back. I mean, I started the show by saying we know nothing about nothing until we know something about something we're starting to glean little bits, just little bits of information. I'll start with you on it. Mark, what, what have you learned that you think is real? Well, there's nothing fully real, but I think Donald Trump is, is in a position to win and maybe win by Don And I, the boiler room in Mar-a-Lago is very confident about three states, which would put him one state away.


They're very confident about Georgia, they're very confident about North Carolina and they're very confident about Wisconsin. There's gonna be a delay in Wisconsin because of some counting problems in Milwaukee. But if they're right and there's not a lot of pushback from, from Wilmington on on those three states, if there, if Marla goes right, Trump will be one state away and he's likely to get that state in Arizona, if not Pennsylvania or Michigan. Wait, I had somebody in my ear. Which state do you think he's gonna get you? You think he's gonna get Wisconsin? Is that what you said? Mar-a-Lago believes he's gonna get Wisconsin. Okay, this just in speaking of Mar-a-Lago where Trump is tonight with his viewing party with more than this is New York Times with more than 95% of the vote reported.


Donald Trump appears to have flipped Miami Dade County and Florida home to a large Cuban American population and one of the state's largest counties. The county has typically voted for Democrats with Biden winning there by seven points in 2020. And Sean Spicer, it looks like Trump has flipped it to from blue to red, pretty significant margin. Cuban American Cubans are more conservative Hispanic Americans, but You know. So it's not a huge surprise that they might be among the first to switch over to Team Trump, but it doesn't appear that they were offended by the Puerto Rico thing. And a pretty significant accomplishment for Donald Trump.


Huge, significant accomplishment. I mean, look, we're seeing some signs here. I, I said this earlier today. We've talked about it in the morning meeting. You look at Rhode Island, Joe Biden got about 60% of the vote in Rhode Island last time. Right now she's at 52% with 70% of this precinct's reporting. That's not good. You look at Virginia, where I live in Virginia, there was a 10 point spread in 2020, right now she's at 50%, 56% in Loudoun County, Loudoun County, very voter rich for the Dems home to a lot of federal workers, political activists. Biden got 61%, she's at 56 with almost every precinct reporting that's not good for the Democrats right now. Donald Trump is ahead in the Commonwealth of Virginia.


I don't know that that's gonna hold, but right now that's not a good sign for them. So it's, we're seeing a lot of, of movement, whether it's Miami-Dade in Florida, Rhode Island, Virginia, that's not where they want to be. In all of my texts back and forth with the Trump campaign tonight, they're looking at outside of Philadelphia, she's not performing where she needs to in some of those key precincts. They're overperforming, they're very happy with how their early vote operation went and, and they feel bullish on Pennsylvania as well. So look, right now, this is looking very, very good for Donald Trump. And and also by the way, for, for a Republican senate that could be anywhere from 53, 54, 55, right now, they've already secured basically a majority.


Alright, let me ask you, ask you another follow up, Sean, back in 2020 when Trump lost, were you getting the same yay messaging from Team Trump at this point? Like were you getting spun or were they being honest like, mm, off night? It was, it's a lot of excuses. You know, we're not seeing this now, but we still think there's hope or we haven't seen the 18th precinct in the West side come through. I mean, they're all, they were buying hope. They were spinning as to just stay with us. Stay with us. Right now the texts that I'm getting are all like happy emoji, right? It's yeah, we're killing it here, we're overperforming there. You don't do this, you don't set those kind of expectations if you don't feel like you're on a good track, right?


Yeah. You buy time, you make excuses. We're seeing a team all, all over the reports coming outta Mar-a-Lago that they feel very good about where they are. And I would also say from folks that I'm hearing in the Senate races as well, this is gonna, this could potentially be a very, very big night for the Republican side. I'm taking, those emojis are not coming from Dan, who I'll get to in one second, by the way. Go ahead, mark. I'm I'm, I'll just tell you, I, I'm, I'm sitting here now three flights above an election party at the Heritage Foundation and whatever they just put on television, the screams basically vibrated through the floor, three floors above where I am right now.


I Don't see anything. So Something's going on. Well, why Don't you tell to go work on 2025 and stop celebrating. 'cause they were not particularly helpful in this election. Go ahead, mark. You were gonna make a point J just to back up what Sean said, You know, being a reporter means understanding your sources and, and when they're spinning and when they're credible, what, what's coming outta Mar-a-Lago, maybe they'll turn out to be wrong, but it's supreme confidence. It's, it's macro confidence. It's not let us convince you of this or here's what we're looking at that it's, we've won these states. Okay. Alright. Dan, what are you hearing from Team Blue? Yeah, Well, okay, it's the opposite end of the spectrum here. I mean, Republicans are confident and are pointing to data.


They're pointing to precincts, they're pointing to demographics that they're overperforming with or hitting their targets. The other side is just it. My side is hope and hope is not a strategy. There is really no in, in, in none of the swing states right now, are they saying, Hey, just wait, like in 2020, and even in 2012, the, the, the, the, the campaign would say, look, just wait, this precinct's about to come in. We've hit this voter target. And this goes back to the early vote, right? Democrats have just been saying like, oh, it's apples to oranges. It was covid, it was a covid year. Like You know the, there, you shouldn't pay too much attention. But all the things we've talked about and including on your show on in, in previous installments, it looks like Trump is overperforming with black men.


He's overperforming with Latinos. Harris is struggling with working class voters. He's running up huge margins in the rural areas and urban centers. Mark mentioned Wisconsin, by all accounts turnout, specifically black turnout in Milwaukee did not hit the, the desired target for Democrats. And given the, the big surge in, in rural parts of Wisconsin, Harris would have to really, really run up the suburbs. And there is nothing pointing that that, that she's done that. So You know you keep hope alive, but it is not looking good at this hour. If you're a Democrat, Megan, I think we have the first projection anyone has made in a battleground states decision desk HQ is projecting Trump victory in North Carolina.


North Carolina. That's big. That's very big. Yeah. Fox News decision desk, I think. Go call Georgia soon. And yep. They're the pieces In place. Fox News, actually Fox News Decision Desk is projecting now that Senator Ted Cruz will win a third term defeating Democratic Congressman Colin Allred. Thank God. Thank God it's so nice to just be able to say how I really feel and not be on Fox where I have to pretend I don't care. I care. Colin Allred is a liar. He wants boys in every single girl's sport. He lied about it, five teeth, voted for it five times and then lied about it. 10 more on you Colin Allred. Goodbye. Okay. Sorry. Okay. Yeah, yeah.


Decisions. s a Q HQ projecting Trump wins North Carolina and wow, mark, I mean that's huge. They, that was, she was just there. She did not, we, we had a report. She pulled 2 million in advertising, but then she kept going back there. So it was clear she was not seeding it. She personally felt it was her best of the Sunbelt states. She felt an affinity for You know the university communities. The fact that there, it was, it's a, it's a, the pro choice state in some ways it was confusing to a lot of Republicans. My best Republican source in North Carolina told me he wasn't even gonna poll the state because he didn't feel it was possible for her to win it. So it it shows you that for all the change that occurred in the Democratic Party and in the race when Harris replaced Biden, that a state like North Carolina, which Biden wasn't gonna win, perhaps was always out of reach for, for Harris.


And that again, the view of a lot of Republicans. But they had to try to have, create an alternative to simply win the inside straight of one path to exactly 270. And if North Carolina was her best bet, it turns out maybe wasn't a very good one. And so Dan, how will this be spun by the Kamala Harris team? You mean North Carolina specifically? Yeah. Yeah. I I I think they'll say their best path was always through the blue wall that they, it it was a lot closer than it would've been if it were Biden at the top of the ticket. And they have pointed in the last few days to Georgia as the state where they thought You know they had a real chance.


There was talk over the weekend. That late vote was improving day by day in Georgia. They felt like the turnout today was looking pretty good in the morning. But You know Governor Kemp has been by, and, and Mark can speak more to this, has been saying that he felt pretty confident that it was gonna go for team Trump. And based on the vote that's coming in in Georgia, Trump is overperforming in the rural areas and in air and in several suburban parts. Harris is underperforming Biden. It's just hard to see when, when Biden won the state by such a small margin where she's gonna make up the difference. Right now, They are, the New York Times needle is now officially changing the chance of winning to leaning Trump with a 66% chance of winning.


I mean, all the data on the New York Times, basically all night long Sean has been moving toward Trump, leaning Trump, Trump, their, their latest was predict predicting the likelihood is that Trump will win 280 to 2 58 in the electoral college over her. Do we put any stock in that at all? I mean, I do recall wasn't, wasn't it the needle that told us Hillary Clinton had like a 98 90 3% chance of winning in 60? I remember the damn needle. I was there. I I recall that very much. It's a very different feeling. Now. I, I was telling someone earlier today, Megan, in 2016, we felt good, but we were told by everyone that we couldn't win. So it's this weird juxtaposition this year.


It's the opposite where all the data looked really good, but we were told that it's gonna be super close. You brought up the Iowa poll a moment ago that came out over the weekend. I will tell you that if Trump does win, I have this pegged at 306 electoral votes for Trump on my, on my road to two 70 map. If this is the, that kind of a, a night for Donald Trump, 2 0 3 0 6 3 12, somewhere in there. And the Iowa result is somewhere in the eight to 10 Trump margin, the gonna have even more egg on their face. I mean, the idea that they ran with some of these narratives really shows that they didn't take the time to understand the electorate. After the 2016 election. I sat down with the most senior people at NBC News at a right days afterwards.


And the direct quote was, we missed it, we didn't get you folks. And as a result, they, their, their sort of resolve was to put up pop-up bureaus in quote flyover country to understand the Trump voter. I think we're gonna have the whole same conversation over again, which is, how did you guys miss this? And the answer is, they ignored key signs that they didn't want to pay attention to. And then as soon as they tried to understand it, they started writing books about white rage and how terrible the flyover country is and how we shouldn't be listening to those people ever again. I saw them all over on M-S-N-B-C pushing these books. Go ahead, mark. Two things, one, over on M-S-N-B-C, both Lawrence O'Donnell and Jen Psaki are now ruminating on the evils of the electoral college.


That doesn't sound like a gang that thinks, that thinks that they're gonna win the election. Sean's clap under the rules of the electoral college. The other is, just to clarify, the New York Times needle is exactly as accurate as a broken Ouija board. That's, that's, that's how you should consider it's rigor. Why are we looking at the, why are we looking at the needle? We have nothing else to look at. That's why. Go ahead, keep going. It's funny, it's funny, it's funny to look at, I I I think that what you're seeing in the exit polls and the exit polls aren't necessarily gonna be right. And even the final versions are You know, treated like stone tablets. They're really not. But what you're seeing is Trump doing well with all the groups that he's been doing well with and that the, the Democrats said wasn't gonna happen. He's doing well with black voters, including black men.


He's doing well with Hispanic men, he's doing well with independence. And this whole notion, it's one of the biggest mistakes Democrats have made and the media have made about Donald Trump since 2015. This whole notion that he's all about the quote unquote extreme maga base is just not true. Because the reason he's on the precipice of being reelected is because he's, he's found a way to appeal on issues, not on personality, not on style, but on issues to a lot of people who are not normally thought of as the extreme mega base. Thank you. Not buying Meghan, these signs have been apparent that the, these signs started appearing in, in, in the beginning of this calendar year. I I mean, th th this, they were present during Biden's run and, and when Harris got the, the nomination, which is the vo, the groups that Mark just mentioned aren't just dissatisfied with the Democratic party.


They affirmatively like Donald Trump on policy. And that is such a harder thing to break a voter away from somebody who likes someone than if they're just sitting out and thinking like, I won't vote. And that You know. It's just, it's been plain as day a lot of these problems and it's playing out. And, and I'll just add that You know, I tipped my hat to David Pluff and the, the Harris campaign in the last week and a half. They really did kind of turn the, the public tide, the, the Titanic maybe might be a better way to put it as this night goes on, that they had a chance and, and they kind of threw out like different shiny red balls that both within the party and the media latched onto that You know, oh, we're seeing late breakers are going two to one to us, and oh, we like what we see with who's left.


But they were not talking about the problem with black men, the problem in the suburb, like all these areas that, that they were having problems. And it is amazing how many Democrats came into today feeling optimistic even though there was no concrete data that backed that up. I mean, I do Took my cap. Well, they, they recognize the problem with black men. They sent Barack Obama out to shame them. That didn't seem to work well, shockingly that that doesn't actually move the needle. But Dan, let me ask you this. Is there anything good on the Democratic side? Like, is, is there, because I don't wanna get ahead of ourselves and start assuming Trump's got this when it's only 9 36. I I will, I I am not looking at my phone right now, but when I last did, there were not many bright spots.


I'm curious, some of these senate races, does a Bob You know, obviously we had to keep up Pennsylvania on the presidential level, but You know, does Bob Casey survive? Does Tammy Baldwin, does Elise Slotkin in Michigan? I I'm watching Nevada Does Jackie Rosen, hold on out there. The NRSC pumped a lot of money in in the last week. You know the house. We've talked about it on the morning meeting. We started this year, the calendar year, saying that the Democrats were gonna potentially get the house back because they were, it was a presidential year Harris was gonna do really, or Biden were gonna gonna do really well in the New York and California suburbs. And this was the secret, taking the house back.


Now we're ending this election cycle talking about how strong Trump is on Long Island, how strong he is in Blue Suburbs. And there's pessimism. I mean, the house is gonna be close, but the optimism that was there a couple months ago has slowly dissipated and house races trickle in later. You know often over a week or two, but not looking good right now on Team Blue. Go ahead. Go ahead Sean. Megan. Yeah, real quick, I'm sorry, I I'm gonna have to to go and say but just real quick. Trump continued to grow his lead in Virginia. It's not huge, but he's continued to grow it in Rhode Island, almost You know almost 80% of the precincts. And Kamala Harris stuck at 53%. Again, that's down from 60 where Biden was.


But Dan, I did, I did have a source in Wilmington that I, I just checked with some good news for you. If you're at the headquarters in Wilmington, there's a bar in the back with a shorter line. That's, that's the good news for Team Harriss tonight. We Have water here tonight. Yes. Oh, we got booze here in the Red Studio. Well, you guys will come the next time. Mark, Dan, Sean, we will see you in just a bit. They're coming back to join us after a short time. thank you Megan. Don't go too far back with me now on set. Our Rich Lowry and Charlie Cook of National Review, I'm starting to feel less, less of the pit in the stomach. I'm starting to feel better. I don't wanna count chickens. It's scary, right? 'cause it, we've seen these things flip, remember 2020, right? You go to bed.


Yeah. You think Trump has won? You wake up the wave. I don't know that this is even possible this time around, however, because the mail-in vote is just not what it was in 2020. Yeah. So if you're a Democrat, I think the, the hope is what seemed always the most likely path for her is still there. Right? We barely know anything about all the blue wall, about Pennsylvania and Michigan or Wisconsin. Now it's important for Trump. It seems to have secured North Carolina. Georgia's trending that way out of a, a friend in Georgia Who's they just moved Arizona to a Lean R and the New York Times as opposed to toss up. And if you believe the exit polls, he's winning 45% of the Hispanic vote, which would bo well on Arizona and perhaps probably Nevada as well. But even, even if he wins those, he needs Wisconsin or Michigan or Pennsylvania.


So if, if he's just winning North Carolina and Georgia, you can forget about Arizona and Nevada if he wins Pennsylvania. But he's gonna need one of those. And, and we just don't have any, any, any data what's, what's happening there. So this seems stronger states for her and we don't, we don't have the returns yet. That, that would be my big note of caution. These are just harbinger's possibly though of Trump's strength and that he's running better with certain groups. And those groups also exist in these other states. And also that she's not running away with it with women in particular. They don't seem to be getting her over the hump in North Carolina or now again, Georgia has moved to Lean r Arizona has moved to Lean R So the, what she needed, the, the groundswell of women.


It doesn't seem to be working at least in the Sunbelt, Charlie. Yeah. So same caveat. She can win those three states and win the election. And it's what, two 70 to 2 68? 68. And then there'll be a lot of fighting over the census, which was done really badly. And if it had been done better, you gotta blame Republican governors to some extent for this. Can you explain this, Joe, because this has been an ongoing Yeah. So, oh wait, wait, let me just interrupt you. Sure. Fox News decision desk projects a win for Harris in New Hampshire. Okay, that's interesting. Now, Trump made an unexpectedly strong showing they report, but Harris's success in urban centers, in suburban areas secured her victory. So that does eliminate one path. That eliminates a path for Trump. That would be the Sunbelt, including Nevada plus New Hampshire without a he.


He needs a blue wall. Sorry, keep going. Right? So I forget the, the exact allocation, but Florida, Texas, I think North Carolina, maybe Georgia, should between them, have an extra three electoral college votes if the census had been done properly. Now, this gets very complicated and there's fights over it. And from what I understand, there was not enough attention paid to this by the governors of those states. And I think they should have taken electoral college votes away from California, maybe New York, one other state. The point is, is that if she ends up winning two 70 to two six G, it's totally fine. Those are the rules we have. It's legitimate win. But a lot of people are gonna say, why didn't you fight to get that extra vote for Florida?


Because if she had lost Georgia and North Carolina and Arizona right now under that proper apportionment, then Trump would've won. Wow. So that, so then he wouldn't need a blue wall, Right? So that's, and at least by 2030 that the blue wall strategy is going away because those Sunbelt states have just gained so many people. So I just be very clear. I'm not saying she won't have won legitimately, she will, but you are gonna see a lot of complaining about that. So that caveat aside, I mean, if, if it is true that Trump is doing really well with women relative to expectations better in the suburbs than expectations and better among Hispanics, then a lot of people, myself included, are just gonna have to reevaluate how we saw how he interacted with the electorate.


Right? Because I You know one of the argu, I have many arguments against Trump. I've made them on the show, I didn't vote for, for the, as a result. But one of the analytical arguments that I've made is that he is very weak around suburban women. And You know there was a, there was an aversion there. If big, if, if that's not true, well then you've gotta re reimagine it, right? It's hard to believe it's not true. You know, net net I mean, it really is. Like all the polls showed this gender gap. It was the main story of this entire election. But of course, we've gotten the main stories wrong before, rich. Yeah. So I suppose, Yeah, to, to Charlie's point, Russ doubt that in the New York Times had a a, an arresting formulation about this. He was talking to some never Trump colleagues. Of course, they're, they're all never Trump there. So that's, that's, I'm not defining it very narrowly, but I said, what if I told you in 2016 when you, when you're against Trump, and he thought he, you'd go away an aberration that there be a Republican nominee in 2024 could be overperforming among Hispanics, probably overperforming among black men, have the most exciting, adventurous entrepreneur on his side.


Have a Kennedy on his side, a former Democratic congressman on his side, winning on the three most important issues in the election. Wouldn't you have thought You know? Well, we won, but that's all happened, right? With, with Trump. So it just, it goes to just extraordinary quality. He has to, to say like any of these last things that have been controversial, the last week and a half probably would've sunk most people just in a week and a half, right? And then you go 10 years of that, and he's stronger than he is ever been. And on the cusp of the presidency, it's just an extraordinary political and personal achievement. I really think part of it goes back to the fact that people feel like they know Donald Trump. They forgive all of these things because they, they feel, they know his heart, his character, and they're, they're just quick to overlook all of that in the same way that You know, I don't, I liken it to sort of You know my relationship with my husband.


I always have the most generous lens on him. I don't jump to, oh, he did that evilly, or because he wanted to hurt me. I always jump to He loves Me and we're good. And I. Think they have the same lens on him. Standby guys. Joining me now, former 2024 presidential candidate Vivek Ram Swami. He's live from Mar-a-Lago, where the president is right now, the former President Vivek's, also the host of his own podcast called The Truth Podcast. Vivek, welcome back to the show. What do you make of what we've seen so far? Hey, Look, I'm You know, I'm in Mar-a-Lago. So I, I gotta say, gotta make sure I'm not a subject to my own algorithmic or even now physical echo chamber. But I do think that it's going not well, but very well actually for Donald Trump.


For Republicans, typically, even if you're looking at counties where historically this haven't been contested in contested states, these things still didn't have correlations for how it's going across the board. And so the atmosphere here is You know, I stepped outta this dinner I'm in, but just given to you in kind of real time, very positive And I, think very positive for a good reason. And I think we could be looking at a thick majority in the Senate, And I think we're gonna be looking at potentially an earlier than even expected call for Donald Trump, where we are not gonna be waiting days for this to play out. That's where we are right now. Has it gotten more positive over the past two hours and 45 minutes? Yeah, yeah.


No, I think it is. I think, I think over the last You know hour and a half, I think it has become, I think the environment's palpably more positive and You know, think for good reason based on what I'm seeing as well. Well, Let's talk about that because what, what do you make of the thing that, that Rich was just saying about how You know there's Trump, of course this is his normal, controversial self, but it, it does not appear at least so far to have resonated with these core groups that we were told might be repulsed by the, the comics comment at MSG. He's doing very well with Hispanics or whatever else he's done. It seems like she's not crushing him with the women. Yeah. I mean, what do you think it is about Trump and Trump's messaging that has gotten him here?


I think it's a little bit different than something that's about Donald Trump, or whether it's his You know sense of humor or sense of ability to people to relate to him, which I, which I think is a valid point you made, Megan. I think it's something different this time, which is the fact that this is a historic election where you get to actually compare a guy who was actually in office office for four years and was out of office, but very visible as the opposition for four years as well. So I think it was like what Grover Cleveland, the last time the United States America had this, well, it was late 1880s. So since then we haven't had that opportunity. And I think what you're seeing here is nothing that Donald Trump said, let alone some comedian introducing him who he didn't know about in Madison Square Garden as a proxy that's not gonna shake people's opinion of a guy who they've had as their US president who was making policy decision and personal decisions by Twitter, whether or not you like it.


That was Donald Trump. And we had him for four years. And so I think in some ways the idea that even in the late stages of this race, that some small thing that he said or a surrogate said, or a non surrogate said, could somehow tip this race no matter how the media wanted to spin. It was a bit of probably a wishful myth from the people who oppose him. Like him or not. The people know exactly what they're getting. And I think that that's part of what made this race so unshakeable. Try as they might and every method they did try, and we can sort of delineate and beat that dead horse many times over from ballot removals to You know, frankly, for crazy people assassination attempts to switching a candidate at the top of the ticket. Nothing really, I think was capable of shaking this through the end.


'cause people know exactly what they're getting with them, and that's what they're voting for is what they got for those four years. That's at least what I see in this, Not to mention the law. Fair. So what do you think, Vive, if if, while I have you Yeah, we can gone all day about this. I gotta, I gotta ask you the speculative question. I mean, if he does win this thing tonight or overnight e explain what you think will happen. You know, because we look at this, this team that he's put together, yourself included, and Nicole Shanahan put together this great closing ad of, it was sort of like the Marvel superheroes, all these unusual Yeah. Friends coming together, right from Bobby Kennedy, yeah. To you, to Nicole, to Elon JD You. know what?


It's just, so it's something we haven't seen before in modern political history. What does that look like as Trump takes the oath of office? Yeah, look, I think that, I mean, most of that group that you named is right here. I think maybe everyone in that group is here tonight. And I. Think one of the things that's remarkable about it is that we don't all agree on a hundred percent of nitty gritty policy questions. And that's part of what makes this new kind of alliance a beautiful thing in American politics to say that we agree on the basic rules of the road. Even if we have some policy differences on what level of state action or muscular state intervention we want in some particular economic question, those are questions for another day. So I think what we're gonna see in phase one of this as Donald Trump takes office in January 20th, is, I hope And I think it's gonna be the case.


Megan, a kind of national unity we haven't seen in a really long time. Multiple former Democrats involved in some way, multiple independents, multiple of us who ran against Donald Trump, multiple people who are outsiders coming from the world of business to go in and shake up the government. And I. Don't think we're gonna go incrementally. I think we're gonna go, I think we're gonna go big. Go big, go early. And I think that that's good for the benefit of the country. And I think that's gonna be a phase of uniting the country against the bureaucracy, against the unelected managerial class and three letter agencies that have for too long been making policy. I think that's gonna be phase one of this. I think necessarily because of the fact that You know this was not people who are a hundred percent policy aligned on every micro question.


I think if you roll this forward, 2, 3, 4 years, you're gonna see healthy then debates emerge within the America first movement itself about the level of state interventionism we want. Do we want to use the regulatory state to accomplish our objectives, or do we wanna get in there and actually finish the job of just shutting it down all the way? Where are we on questions of declaring economic independence from China versus You know trade that's required to enhance that or make that happen? Where are we on the question of legal immigration? We're all vehemently opposed to illegal immigration, but where are we on legal immigration? So I think it's gonna come in two phases where in the first phase of this, we're gonna see a kind of unity that goes beyond just unity in the Republican party, but frankly, unity for the country by bringing together this truly diverse, and not in the democratic identity politics sense of diverse, but an actually diverse coalition that revives and infuses, I think a kind of spirit we've been missing in our national character for a long time.


And then I, think that will lay the groundwork for what I think can be some healthy, constructive debates on some of the smaller, but still more important policy questions in the long run for the Republican party. And, I think the America first movement will be stronger for having that debate, but I think that's not gonna come in year one. I think in year one, we're gonna see a level of unity around the basic rules of the road from free speech meritocracy, self-governance, shutting down the managerial administrative state. I think those things, that diverse coalition you described is rock solid on And, then I think we move this movement forward from there. Wow. This is a vision into what could be if Donald Trump actually wins this thing tonight and and possibly maintains control of the house as the Republican party and wins over control of the Senate.


Vive all the best. Great to see you. thank you. We'll talk soon. thank you guys. Bye. Wow. I just wanna tell you one story about Vivek before I bring on my next guest. Years ago, years ago, I had a woman on the show who got fired over some BS cancel culture nonsense because she stood up against the DEI stuff being shoved down her throat. And yeah, I've never told a story before, but I got a call after the show from a friend of Viveks, And I didn't know Vivek, and he said he wants to help her and he volunteered to pay her legal fees in going after, and that he wasn't even on the national scene yet.


I'm, I'm like so proud of him that he's, he's gone from this guy just like was on the outside looking at it and said, how can I help? This is nonsense was a real warrior against the woke DEI nonsense, which is all but collapsed. It's not done, but it's, it's collapsing. The Democrats didn't even run on it. They ran away from it. The New York Times did an article on that, and now look at him on an inner circle of power, part of the possible Marvel team if Trump wins, and he may not, but if he, if he does so good for him. Okay, coming up, Eric Bowling will join us. Steve Bannon will join us and many more.


But first, this trust in the media is at an all time low. Can you blame them? Let's be honest, there's very good reason for this. We're all seeing how stories can be shaped or buried or killed or manipulated depending on who's in charge. And this is why I wanna tell you about a platform that does not play by those rules. One that prioritizes transparency above all else. Listen to this, the platform's called Ground News, an app and website that gathers related articles from around the world in one place highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. And they show you stories that are under reported by one side of the political spectrum. A recent Gallup survey showed declining trust in mass media, and guess who didn't cover it? left-leaning Media on Ground News. More than 80% of the coverage of this story is coming from right-leaning sources. Ground news has an entire blind spot feed with stories like this that are receiving lopsided coverage. And my viewers get 50% off their Vantage plan, which gives you unlimited access to their website and to their app. They're independent, they are supported by subscribers, not corporate interests. Check them out@groundnews.com slash megan, that's ground G-R-O-U-N-D news.com/megan to take back control of the news you consume.


You happy? Well, while we were in break, look what Charlie Cook did. Check it out. Hold on. Yes. He's enjoying himself on election night. Talk about premature celebrations. Well, you don't know what to roof for. You don't like Trump and you don't like Harris. I I I am very much rooting for Republican senate. Okay, good. So this is my celebratory and the house I want, I'm a Congress guy. I want a Republican Congress. And this is also Florida Amendment four went down there. Oh, yes, That's right. And, I. So those things to celebrate, I mean, you will, you may not like Trump, you mean Okay. But, but you will like that shrinking of government that Vivek was talking about Elon with his big scissors cutting. Sure. Right. If that happens, that would be terrific. Yes. Try And also got a strong libertarian streak in.


Yeah, and also I, I mean, look, this is the thing is that whichever one of them loses, one of them's lost. Right? So there's So that there's comfort to you in that. Is That what you're saying? There's a 50% chance of comfort right There. There's the only, the only person he can't stand more than Trump is Kamala Harris. Okay, joining me now is Eric Bowling. He's host of the newly launched podcast Bowling. Eric, welcome back. How are you feeling? I'm feeling great, Megan. How are you? Thanks for having me back. I'm a little jealous of the martinis, to be honest with you. But You know, I know someone almost have to work tonight Next time you come up here and we'll, we'll pop 'em open early. So, I mean, You know, it's like we're all feeling kinda like, oh my gosh, is he winning? Is he winning? And yet there there's been absolutely no data to suggest he's winning in Pennsylvania, Wisconsin, or Michigan yet.


So You know, I crunched these numbers, Megan, the, I, it's, it's what I do. It's almost like Rain man. It's, it's, I don't know what it, there's a sense I get this gut in 2016. I just, it just, I, I felt it was gonna happen leading into the election, election night. I'll never forget. We were, we were on set together at some point, and nor North Carolina flipped. And we called it Fox called it for, for Trump. And. I said, that's it. And I it, it was, it was so clear to me. 2020 was a different story. I, I never felt confident. I haven't felt as confident in Trump winning since 2016 until about two days ago. And there were, there were so many things that were, were falling in line. I believe now it's going to be a landslide. I don't think it's gonna be eked out. I don't even listen.


Pennsylvania can f fall either way. I it, this is gonna be a Trump red wave. And. I not said that really too much this whole election cycle. Maybe not in six or seven years, since 2016 or eight years since 2016. This is, it's all going his way. It's, it's like You know, it's like a football game, Megan and or basketball, any sporting event where the momentum shifts and you can feel it shifting. You're in the stands watching or you're playing. You can feel the momentum going your way or the other way. She came out of the box, she raised a half a billion dollars in the month. She had the momentum. She was African American, a female, everyone loved. It was something different. They loved it until one thing happened. I will tell you that the, the inflection point for Kamala Harris from going from the leader to where she is right now with the, I think it's gonna be a bad loss for her, was when that local Philadelphia reporter, a local reporter, not NBC, I don't even know who, which affiliate it was, asked Kamala Harris off to the side of, of one of her rallies.


He says, how will you fix inflation? And then she gave her, I, I You know, I come from the middle class And I had, rich Is nodding his head yesterday. How, How will, how will you fix inflation? And she had nothing. She was a deer in the headlights, And I. Think the rest of the media realized, wow, we've really been pumping up someone that's not the, the candidate we thought she was going to be. And then the media started to jump on her a little bit. The view asked her what she would do differently. She said absolutely nothing. And then that NBC interview, I can't remember who it was, it wasn't Kirsten Wilker, it was another female m s M, BC Stephanie rule Host, I believe. Well, no Jackson before Stephanie. Yeah, Jackson Stephanie, Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes.


Hallie Jackson, who really laid into her and she had nothing. She had an air ball. So the mem momentum went towards Trump. And again, momentum is everything in, in presidential elections. She almost got the momentum back on, on Madison Square Garden Night when the Roast comic made a joke about Puerto Ricans being garbage, which I think was an absolute misstep by the Trump campaign. They messed up. They should have vetted that joke and pulled it. I don't care what they're gonna get mad at me for saying this, but do you do, this is what you do when you're in PR and you're in campaigns. Yeah. You let people be themselves. But that should never, never have been uttered there. Now it could have been much worse, but Joe Biden bailed Trump out by calling every Trump supporter or half the country garbage as well.


In fact, I saw your Halloween costume so appropriately and well, well warn Meghan. I I, so the momentum was trying to go back to, to Kamala Harris. It was that. And then when they finally said, only dumb and unintelligent women follow Trump. Wow. When Cuban said that you lit up, you lit him up, and then you go into Pennsylvania, I think they never were able to get the momentum back. And it, he, they're just the fat lady singing Megan, it's probably that They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cat song right now. Okay, listen, this, this data just in, I just said there's not, there's nothing from the Blue Wall states right now to suggest that Trump is winning.


That's still true. But there is some good news in Pennsylvania via NBC right now, Trump is polling with whites just a little bit worse than he did in 2020. He was 57%, then he is 54%. Now, you You know he lost Pennsylvania last time around with blacks. He's polling 2% better than he did. He was at seven, now he's at nine with Latinos back in 2020, he had 27% of the vote, and now he has 42. There it is right there. If he wins Pennsylvania, Eric, the Latino vote appears to be turning out significantly for Donald Trump in Pennsylvania.


That's the vote she courted heavily over the past week because she thought she was going to use that vo that comics joke. She told us that she got Jennifer Lopez out there who literally knows nothing about anything besides marrying a bunch of people told us that Puerto Ricans were gonna be outraged over this stupid joke. And it does not appear to have done what Kamala Harris hoped it would do. At least not so far. So one joke turns out one joke didn't override Four years of the borders are looking the other way on the border. And eight or 9 million people. It turns out Latinos are pissed off about that because most Latinos who are here right now are very, they're very conservative values.


They're, they're, they, they're god-fearing people. They they're hard workers. And, and they came here legally and they went through the process. And so for her to, for them and her specifically to let in millions upon millions, they feel that they've been cheated. That these people are cheating. Are, are, are fronting the line You know And I gotta tell you, when the Department of Justice sues the state of Virginia to try and keep illegals on the voting rolls, that was a red flag. That was a red flag to every Latino saying, guess what? There is a pathway to citizenship for these people who just walk across the border. It didn't, it doesn't play well with, with legal citizens, Latinos and Hispanics in America right now. This she had a chance You know what they really should have done, Meghan.


They should have done what they did with Joe Biden. They should have given her the nomination in July and then put her in the basement and tell her, just stay off media. Yes. Just don't do any interviews. Yes. Well, just the way they did with, with Joe. And she might have that, she might have pulled it out. That's what we said. Same thing on this show. I, I mean this audience heard me saying many times, I love her newfound confidence. This is wonderful. Keep her out there, keep her rolling. Let's You know, keep tour after tour after tour because you could see just how poorly she was doing guys. She was just, there wasn't one that she did well at, not one, I mean, to use the less words we deconstructed all of the speeches in which we centered her language and it let us down every time. I mean, that's directly related to her fall In the polls.


So she was unimpressive in all these interviews. But the, the, the, the, the thing that hurt her most and Eric mentioned it was the view, a a friendly question from so sunny host and setting her up, what would you do differently? And not having an answer to that was a strategic choice. Because I would've thought the first thing you do when you're selected as a nominee, you got a a, a president who's under 40% approval rating in some poll, come up with the three things you do differently or you think he was wrong on. You can say it gently or whatever, but do that. And they made a choice not to do that. And we've talked about this on, on the editor's podcast, some and And I think this is Charlie's theory, which I agree with is after you've shifted on everything from 19 and 20, you can't go and also say, oh, and everything ha happened the last four years.


I don't agree with that either. Like you're total chameleon at that point. But I, I think looming very large is the actor off the screen here, Joe Biden, who said he was gonna run again last year. So they couldn't have primaries or caucuses chose her for D-D-E-D-E-I reasons. And is is woefully un unpopular. And and she got no separation from him. So if she loses, he's a big reason You know. Can, can we just talk about like the Hispanic vote? I think a lot of us assume it's, it's like the men Trump does well with men, Hispanic men like a manly man. But I do think it's more than that. I mean, Hispanics tend to be Christian, they tend to be more conservative in their social politics. And the notwithstanding the fact they didn't run on DEI, this is a party run wild on the DEI front that is shoving porn into our kids' elementary schools.


And they have been absolutely radical both of them. And she's even more leftist than he is on this stuff, which has been raised. I I find it hard to believe that the Hispanic community hasn't heard or felt any of this. Charlie. Yeah. So I I think that's true. And I think that a lot of it is the product of that. But I have a a a a theory that is simultaneous with that. And that is just that Hispanics as You know, are normal people and the racial polarization in America is a bad thing. And in most cases, over time it disappears. You know, we don't really focus anymore on, well how do Irish Americans vote? How do Italian Americans vote? How do You know? I mean there are patterns, but we don't, we don't obsess over this, but we obsess over Hispanics, which is this fake category that was invented this big balloon category in the seventies, but in the Nixon administration for no reason And I.


I just, it just seems to me that the You know there are very good reasons why historically African Americans have had a different identity. Partly 'cause they were oppressed for 200 years institutionally. But that hasn't happened to Hispanics. And so I think some of what you are seeing is just rather than the way the left slices and dices up the electorate, if you talk to Hispanics about politics, they say, well, I'm worried about my kids' school and inflation and gas prices. And they sound like everyone else. And there's no historical and justifiable reason for them to consider themselves as sort of the other And I. Think the left almost has got into this bad habit of patting Hispanics on the head and sort of saying, well, it's a Hispanic, you must think this And I just think there's a backlash against it where they say, no, I'm, I'm just a normal person.


Yeah. They, they don't wanna be a victimized minority. Right. There's wanna be Americans like everyone else. And, I. Think if, if you said, as Republicans did You know for a very long time to average Hispanic voter, hi, I am a Republican. I wanna reform entitlements and cut taxes for the wealthy. Like, I'm not sure I'm for, for that. Right? But if you say, hi, I'm a Republican, I'm patriotic, I'm a Christian. And I. Don't think men should be competing in women's sports like these other nuts do who wanna call you Latinx and all the rest of the stuff. They're like, oh, maybe I can get on board. I think it's la tx, but I'll let it slide. Eric Bowl. We found that soundbite to which you referred with the Philly anchor. Let's watch it. You talked about creating an opportunity economy. I wonder if we can drill down on that a little bit when we talk about bringing down prices and making life more affordable for people.


Yeah. What are one or two specific things you have in mind for that? Well, I'll start with this. I grew up a middle class kid. My mother raised my sister and me. She worked very hard. I grew up in a neighborhood of folks who were very proud of their lawn You know, and And I was raised to believe and to know that all people deserve dignity. And that we as Americans have a beautiful character. So when I talk about building an opportunity economy, it is very much with the mind of investing in the ambitions and aspirations and the, and the incredible work ethic of the American people.


And creating opportunity for people, for example, to start a small business. Got it. Eric, you nailed it. I mean that, what that was By, by the way, Was, I was gonna say, by the way, kudos to your production staff for digging that one because that was, that was supposed to be one of her first. Let's test the waters a little bit. You know, let's try it in a, a local reporter. How bad could it possibly be? It's likely a a a You know, a branded CNN or NBC station where they weren't gonna lean into her but didn't take much leaning. He literally asked her, just clarify what you mean. Opportunity economy and what they've been doing. They've been throwing this term out without actually specifying what they mean opportunity economy. When he said, what are the specifics of that?


She had, I I I grew up with a lawn. Yeah. Okay, gotcha. You're middle class. Okay, gotcha. And it went into award style. I will tell you, I believe that was the inflection point of her rise towards the presidency. When the, when the media finally found some kaons, oh, can I say that tip to the Hispanic community Cahones, to start to, to ask her tough questions to see what really is behind the curtain. Turns out the Wizard of Oz was there, there a little ball guy there with a musa and And I. Listen, Donald Trump's stock was $14 a share a couple of weeks ago. It's now 300% higher than that. Bitcoin just made a new high tonight. Megan, brand new high tonight, se $73,000 people in the crypto world believe Donald Trump is procr brand new high all time high in, in, in crypto.


And then there's a betting site that a trading site, really, it's not even a betting site, it's a trading site. I I, I have my stock account there. You can actually trade on who you think the president's gonna be. It's not betting, it's actually you're buying a, a share of Donald Trump or a share of Kamala Harris. Now, it had been running Trump by a little bit, right up until this afternoon. It's now 80 to 22. And it's not exactly a hundred 'cause there's, there's some commission in there. But Donald Trump is an 80, 80% chance of, of winning. So big money, smart money are seeing the same thing we are. Hmm. Eric. Bolling, thank you very much. Wow. 10 0 8 right now.


And the polls have just closed in the final battleground. State, Nevada, let's hear from Steve Bannon. He's the host of War Room, which you can watch on real America's voice, rumble X and all podcast platforms. He's also a former chief strategist for President Trump. Steve, welcome back. How's it looking to you so far? I think with nor North Carolina decision desk calling it for President Trump. It's really cut off her oxygen. She's gotta run the tables right now. Megan, essentially in Wisconsin, Michigan and Pennsylvania. I think that's way too heavy a lift. You can't call this yet. She's in trouble in Wisconsin.


She's in trouble in Pennsylvania, Michigan. I think she's in trouble. When you see the numbers coming out of outta Wayne County. Look, it's quite simple. The Hispanic population throughout the country did not buy what she, she was selling. And most importantly, African American men have understood what she's been doing with this illegal alien invasion. How she fails to support the first step act of President Trump. They detest her, as I've been saying since my time in Danbury. They did not turn out And I. Think 25% of African Americans in, I think it was in Georgia, are voting for President Trump. So right now, she's got a massive problem. What what caused it, Steve, as you look back on You know her closing message.


She was only running for 107 days. What caused this? Well, you see David Brooks, you can tell this from the media 'cause they're all saying David Brooks had a big column in the Sunday Times. And as You know, he's one of the smartest guys around. He says she needed this campaign to be longer. Remember she was very ill-defined to the American people. She's not a particularly high profile vp. She hasn't accomplished a lot. She dropped out of her presidential primary, the first one even before Iowa. She had to define herself to the American people. And the way to do that is you've got to like Donald Trump, make America great again. America first, build the wall. Take one or two things that you really believe and for authenticity, make sure it's something you can believe and sell.


She didn't do that. She had this very ephemeral, the politics of joy. She kind of drifted along in, in their, in their in there couple of weeks when they were so glad that somebody besides Biden was there. She didn't really define herself on any topic. She wouldn't take interviews. She never interviewed with you. She wouldn't take hard interviews when she was even doing interviews. It was so almost infantile and juvenile. What she was saying. They, Brett Bear asked her, what's the number one geopolitical threat to the United States? Who's our number one You know geopolitical, the biggest national security problem we have in the world? What country? And she said Iran And Brett Bear goes, well a lot of people say China and she didn't. She says, no, Iran, she, she's as ill prepared for the office.


And that came through And I think that's what buried her. She never defined herself. Now and M-S-N-B-C You know we're doing a a good job here, Megan, when before 10 o'clock at night, Lawrence O'Donnell, Rachel Mado, the entire crew are bitching and moaning about the electoral college when they're down. They got the sad faces and the big tears coming down for the electoral college. I think it's going well for the populist nationalist movement and President Trump tonight, That's for sure. Here's another one for you, joy Reed, who is upset, I'm sure about the electoral college as well. Which by the way, for whatever it's worth, the New York Times is suggesting now their projection is that Trump will win it. This is just a guess. This isn't the actual prediction suggesting that Trump will win it 2 95 to 2 43, which is the highest they've had him.


But here's Joy Reed, who's really, really mad that Trump crushed Florida. Take a listen. It's a pure project 2025 in miniature in Florida and that kind of extreme sort of extremist right wing, fascist type government in Florida. Does that make it a more attractive place? Extreme right wing fascist government, I guess she's talking about Ron DeSantis, but that's what we're, we're in for four years of that. If Trump pulls this thing off, Oh Megan, it's gonna be extraordinary. They're not gonna give up.


They're gonna fight it every step of the way. This is why it's so important tonight to continue to put up numbers in Nevada, Arizona. We've got to have a big margin here, electoral college, run up, run up the vote, but also get as close as possible on the popular vote. They're coming in hard tomorrow. I mean they're already framing this that she ran at a time that was coming her way. That this is all about the electoral college that on the popular vote should have blown this out. So this is not democratic. They're gonna come at President Trump on the deportations on having to cut spending all of it. People just have to understand today could potentially, it's not there. Could potentially be a big one because if she runs the table on, on the blue wall with Nebraska too, she's she's president.


So we gotta win. We gotta pick up one of those states right now. I think that will happen. But, but it's gonna be tough. People have to understand between now and the now an inauguration day, it's gonna be brutal. The first a hundred days of president Trump's second term is gonna be brutal. So people cannot rest on their laurels here. This, if you want to save your country, understand it's a fight right now is looking at Wisconsin and Michigan and Pennsylvania. I'm not so sure she can take all three. I think the, what's happening to her in, in Philadelphia and Detroit could be a kill shot. But we gotta play this out. Oh my gosh, Steve, speaking of that, the latest rounds of exit polls of the key states shows right now this could change.


Trump is getting 20% of black men and 54% of Latino men. Wow. If that's true, if she main, if he maintains that margin, wow. Stunning in the blue wall. Stunning. It's done Brian. We're seeing this in Wayne County. She's, she has to outperform right now on game day vote in Philadelphia. Higher than Obama, higher than Hillary Clinton, higher than Joe Biden. I think 700,000 votes. I don't, I think that's a heavy lift. I think that's why he's seen the long faces. Wayne County with Detroit, the same situation you see right there. He's getting 20% of the black vote.


I also think when we get be able to deconstruct this in the next couple days, there's also a certain segment of the black male vote that just didn't vote. So this is what I think is killing her. The 54% Megan of Hispanic men is literally a game changer. And I, think we're seeing a new coalition come together as you And I have talked about a couple times a new coalition coming together around these kind of populist nationalist policies of President Trump. That, I mean, those numbers are incredible. Again, if they hold, wow. Steve Bannon. thank you. thank you for everything. Great to see you back with me now. Henry Olsen, senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center and host of the Beyond the Polls podcast.


Alright, Henry, so it's been about two hours since we last spoke. What is jumping out at you as the most relevant couple of storylines? The likely but not yet callable victory of Donald Trump for the presidency of the United States. Whoa. Why That? Why? It's because as all of these places come in, what we see is stronger than expected. Trump showings the supposed election day swift movement towards Kamala Harris is not materializing. One of the patterns of the night, if you follow the New York Times needle, is that the more votes that come in, the more they move their estimate towards Trump.


Which means that they keep showing stronger and stronger returns than they had expected. You take a look. Every exit, exit poll I do the math. The ones that have, have them with, I intents of a point, the only one she's ahead in is Michigan. But you take a look like right now, Donald Trump is ahead in Wisconsin by three tenths of a point 70 something percent of the vote in Madison County is in, there are counties that are gonna vote for Donald Trump that haven't reported a single vote. He's not losing votes in the suburbs of Milwaukee. He's picking up votes in the suburbs of Milwaukee. The two swing counties in the states, soc and door are voting for him.


You don't call an election like this, it's way too many votes. But the things that we were told in the media today that were happening are not actually showing up in results. And that's happening in virtually every state I look at. And it's carrying through to the Senate that they have not called the the race for Ted Cruz. Ted Cruz is going to be the next senator. He's ahead by eight points or so. There's Fox Called it for him Of Republican areas. Okay, sorry, have they called, has Fox called Bernie Marino? No, none, none of the other big Senate races has been called.


Yeah. Okay. You know there still votes out. Bernie Marino is ahead by five points. Some democratic areas are out, but this is Ohio You know, you're just looking at this and the, the Democratic senators are not running very far ahead as the votes come in. Donald Trump is doing much better. You know, not much better like five points, but a point or two better when the exit polls say you're with intensive point and all the data suggests that it can be more like one or one and a half, all of the data point in the same direction this race should not be called. But the odds of Donald Trump winning You know 79% on the needle strikes me as about right that it would take a massive miracle in election day voting across the blue wall to save Kamala Harris right now.


Wow. Wow. Gosh. Henry You know how to really get our attention with your projections. That's incredible to hear. I'm I Yeah, go ahead. I'm just saying, I'm not calling it, when I call a race, it means You know. I've, I've, I've I'm I'm point. Let's put it this way. A a a certain, a certain type of opera singer with a, with with Viking horns is warming up time to get ready to sing. She had a little too much for dinner this gal. Do you think these margins, oh, She might a little for sign These margins are gonna hold that I just went through of t 20% with black men and 54% with Latinos Latino men.


You know. Do I think they're gonna hold? Yeah, exit polls are always difficult to critique until you have all of the data that are in. But You know, like what I can point to is, let's take a look at Florida Osceola County, the most Puerto Rican county in the country. Donald Trump carried it Miami-Dade County massive swing to him in 2020. He still lost it by three points. He carried it by 11 points. These are Hispanic places. Oh Wow. So what, what, what do you think will happen now if you're, you're seeing what you're seeing, you've explained it and it's 10:20 PM Eastern. What do you think is gonna happen over the next two, three hours?


Well, couple of things. First of all, Arizona is, is looking increasingly Republican as the early vote drops. The seltzer poll is clearly not correct in Iowa. What I think is going to happen is the election day vote is going to slowly, slowly move up. Not for Donald Trump. You take a look, half of the expected vote in Penn in Philadelphia is already in the Democrat said she needed to get like 470,000 vote margin out of it. If you double her margin right now, she won't even be at 400,000. I'm not saying it's over by any stretch of the imagination, but I just, the data all suggests that things are looking very good for Trump for at least one of the paths that he has.


If he holds, I I called it for Georgia a while ago. I think North Carolina's almost certainly Republican. He holds those two states. He only needs one of the three Midwestern states. He only needs one. And Which one do you think is looking the most likely, likely That Wisconsin. Wisconsin, by the way to your point I Wisconsin is You know NBC news projecting Donald Trump wins Iowa. So you are absolutely right about the Seltzer poll not holding up. She had Kamala Harris winning Iowa. Yeah. By three points Henry. Yeah, well look, like I said when we talked this morning, And I, people have been asking me about the seltzer poll for the last 48 hours.


Every great pollster has a stinker. No one denies that Ann Seltzer is the best pollster in Iowa. But every great pollster has a stinker. She threw one up and it's not her fault, it's the sample. But you, you just have to not just go with the polls. You have to understand what politics is about and voting patterns and so forth. And that's why I said to you and said to everybody, it is one of those one out of 20 polls that is just wrong and it's wrong. And Iowa's going to go for Republic for Donald Trump pretty, pretty strongly. One of the problems with the Blue Wall states is they apparently take a very long time to count. Now I've heard the Michigan Secretary of State say, oh, we, we sped it up.


We're gonna do better this time than we did last time, given the amount of mailing vote that we had the last time when we've shorn up our, our positions on how to do it. But is there any chance it's gonna be too slow in Wisconsin, in Michigan, in Pennsylvania to have a call in the next five hours? Let's see, so it's 10 22 Eastern time. I'd say six. Okay. I'd say six hours because You know. Look, we're talking about half the votes are in, in Milwaukee. We're, and those are almost certainly not election day votes 'cause they all got dropped very early. We're talking about two thirds of the, or three quarters of the vote in in Dane County.


There's just the, the rural areas that haven't reported yet, all of their votes count more quickly 'cause it's election day votes, it's precinct votes. I think Wisconsin will have the bulk of its votes in, in four to five hours and will be able to call the state unless something that I don't expect happens, which is that the last quarter of the vote in Dane and the last 30% of the vote in Milwaukee are significantly more Democrat than what we've seen so far. The current trends play out. Donald Trump will win Wisconsin. Not a call, just a direction. Henry, we're coming back to you. Please raise your hand as you get more data and have some more thoughts on it.


So helpful. thank you. Standby. Joining me now. Victor Davis Hanson, senior fellow at the Hoover Institution. He's also the author of The End of Everything. Victor, great to see you. Wow. What a night. We're trying not to get ahead of our skis. But you heard Henry very bullish, very sober, serious pollster, respected and has a great record saying he believes this race is Donald Trump's. Yeah, I can see why he says that. I mean, if you take a state like Pennsylvania, we've been hearing, Megan, you And I have talked about it, that the Jewish vote was gonna be problematic. That black males were gonna be problematic getting the, the percentages they needed in Philadelphia and Pittsburgh.


We were, we were told that there was 600,000 more Republican voters. We were told the Amish were gonna come out. They were all not in themselves important, but in aggregate they were almost a perfect storm. So when we started seeing these polls, especially the last three week, three days that everything had tightened up and she had the momentum, a lot of us thought that that was sort of a false effort to increase exposure for fundraising, get people out to vote, but it didn't reflect what had been going on for a long time. But everybody, I think especially the last 48 hours on the Trump side was kind of shellshocked.


I thought, oh my God, it's gonna happen again. I'm gonna go to bed at 10. He's gonna be ahead. I'm gonna wake up. He's, it's over with. They've got the Cheney story, they've got the fake news shooting story. It, it, it, and that was all genned up. I think. I I don't think there was any support for it. And You know you and I've talked, I live in this community that's 95% Hispanic. I have not met a Mexican American male over the age of 40 who was not gonna vote for Donald Trump. I've never seen anything like it, it didn't happen in 2016. It didn't happen in 2020. It didn't happen in 2022. And it's mostly driven by the border and inflation. And, and the other thing I'd say, Megan, very quickly is I You know I work on the Stanford campus.


If this trend holds true, these people are gonna have a complete mental breakdown. They really are. I mean, they have been convinced that Kamala Harris is winning. That the New York Times poll or the Washington Polls was absolutely accurate. That inside Intel and Trafalgar and Rasmussen were just crazy. It was a sure thing. And Trump was RIP, rest in peace. And I. I don't think they'll psychologic. I don't, I don't think we're gonna, we have no idea about the mental confusion of Trump should win because they were convinced that he was in the last 48 hours had lost his momentum.


And she was a shoe And I. Really? I've heard that from 2030 people today on campus. Well, Here, here's the other thing. To your point, they, if, if Trump pulls this off, the, the meltdown will be yes, he's evil and he's been reelected and they're gonna have to deal with all of that. But it's also the loss of their power and control. They will have to come to grips with like the, the 2016 thing was a fluke. They didn't take him seriously. He shocked the world. That's one thing. But they, this time they pulled out all the stops from the lawfare to the nonstop actual media reporting that he's Hitler.


I mean, there's not another stop to pull. And if he manages to do it anyway, Victor, Well, there is one, there is one, there is one Megan, they've been talking as You know about Jack Smith's sentencing coming up. Not that that would affect his ability, but they really do. I think they really do believe that if they lose this election, they will, they will think that Jack Smith will put him in jail. And that will be some You mean, you mean not Jack Smith? You mean the, the the Alvin Bragg da in New York, Yes, Alvin Bragg, but also Jack Smith later on. But Alvin Brag, Jack Smith still got an open prosecution against him and he's appealing the one that got thrown out. So he iss got two avenues against Trump still potentially viable. Could, I think you've mentioned that too. Alvin Bragg could put him in jail this month.


I mean, I don't think that they will be able to do that. I, oh, hold on one second. Let's see. This is Pennsylvania, hold on. We don't actually have a projection, but it's the New York Times reporting Pennsylvania right now Trump plus three with 56% reporting and Lackawanna, it's Harris plus three. That's one of the counties. That's where Scranton is with 95% reporting. Wait a minute, what did, what did Biden get? Biden, Biden won Lackawanna plus eight, eight and a half in 2020. She's at plus three right now in Biden's Home County where Scranton is Lackawanna again, it's only 56% reporting that could change.


But she is just You know what's happening now, Victor, amazingly is we're, we may be starting to realize they were better off with Biden. Biden. Yeah, I I, we had a, I think I was on Jesse Waters and we talked about that. I don't know if they were better off, but they were better able to hide Biden because everybody had baked into his presidency that he was cognitively challenged. So when he didn't appear, they just said, well, he, he, the Obamas were running it or something. But he, he didn't get out. I mean, they didn't let him out. And she, when she, she was in as we a doom loop because the longer she evaded the media, the more pressure that was put upon her.


Then when she came out every single interview, she lost 24 hours of just support. Everybody just could not believe it. And it's You know, I I think there's been cognitive distance. I really want to reiterate that in Michigan, we were told the ev ev mandate was really turning off auto workers. We were told that the black vote in Detroit was not there. We were told even the Muslim vote was starting to peel off from levels that Biden had. And when you have these types of indicators in Pennsylvania and you have them, whether it's registration or surprising early and mail-in ballot, and then you look at these polls and they're static And I, I, I'd always say to myself, Megan, how can New Mexico be moving in Trump's direction?


But next door, Arizona is static. How can Minnesota be moving in? Not that he's gonna win it, but it was moving in his direction. But the polls say Wisconsin is static. How could North Carolina be static while Virginia was moving? And I Just think that they, I, and I'm not saying that they were dishonest, but I do think that these polls had other purposes other than revealing what the actual estimations of the, the ballot would be, And I. And there were too many indicators that things were not going well for her across the board from the type of melody for the type of melody. Yeah. Do do you think it was an inability to see good news for Trump?


I mean, look at, was it any accident that Larry Saba's crystal Ball had among the worst projections for Trump? Best for Kamala? I don't know Anne Seltzer in Iowa, but she, she really got this one wrong. She, I think she tried to change the race with that poll at the last minute trying to inject some And I don't know whether it was conscious or subconscious to try to save and, and all this, all these older women are so obsessed with abortion and they're running to the polls. Well, it didn't happen. He just won. Iowa was one of the first states called, I think it's like, why would l Michaels ruin his reputation after 40 years of obeying basically protocols that you don't overtly endorse a candidate or per one particular candidate not right before the election.


And it's analogous to the pollsters. I think they felt that the ends were so important that you had this noble, better superior candidate and you had this awful Trump. And if you were going to risk your reputation just a little bit, it would be worth it because you could create momentum or you could get a late surge in, in donations, or you could get more exposure or you could get greater turnout. And they, And, I do think that, I don't know whether it's overtly conscious or subconscious, but I do think there was an intent behind it. And it was not empirical because there was too Victor, I tell You this indicators, Meghan, This the New York Times, not, not calling anything, but now moving Georgia from tossup.


First they moved it to Lean Trump, and now they just moved Georgia to very likely Trump. And they just moved Michigan to lean. Trump, Michigan. Yeah. I mean, we're not Michigan. You heard Henry was saying Wisconsin looks like it's Trump's at this point. He didn't call it. But he's saying Wisconsin is very strong for Trump. This is Michigan and also North Carolina. Likely Trump. Yeah. You know. I go there every year, And I to teach at Hillsdale for two or three weeks. And I could tell there was something different in the news coverage. Trump didn't have as many commercials, but they were far better. And you would, when you were reading about the Michigan demography, you look at those three, that triad of special interest voters, the United Auto Workers, the Dearborn Muslim vote, and the Detroit and maybe Ann Arbor or Lansing or Grand Rapids, African American vote.


And all three of those indicators were not there in the way they had been for Biden. And yet every you would see these polls again and again giving Biden two, three, 4%. I just think, I don't think that was possible. I think they knew that was impossible. And I think they're really gonna take a hit, Megan. They're back to, their reputation has kind of improved after the 2022 midterm. But I think they're gonna go back to the status they, they had in 2016 and even worse in 2020. If this Goes up, You know. I have to wonder, I have to wonder, having just left Pittsburgh last night where You know, we had all these guys with the hard hats, You know men who work with their hands Yeah.


Cheering on their feet all night long for Donald Trump. That looks a lot like Michigan. That's Michigan's full of guys like that. Auto workers, as you point out, it is suffering from these ev mandates that Biden Harris crammed down our throats. They wanna eliminate these guys'. Industry And, I do wonder whether the You know just this ongoing problem with the Democrats, their messaging around what a real man is, what a real job is. What do we drive, what do we cook with? What will the government tell us? Or will men and women for that matter be able to make up their own minds and live peacefully without the government trying to micromanage us?


I just wonder how much that strain of the election argument is driving these Michiganders and others in the Midwest to Say, no. no, I think it is. I I know I noticed that the, that the gender gap on that she was in the case of males actually went up the more that Emh h and Walt started talking about the new empathetic male male, the new masculinity, those white dudes for Harris, those crazy actors that were in those commercials. Nobody's ever seen a person act like that in the real world. And this idea that then the stories come out that You know waltz is kind of temperamental and Emha slapped his girlfriend or he got his nanny it, that was a whole disaster on their part.


This idea that they were going to create an image of a new masculine male who was feminine almost. And then And I think it really turned a lot of independent men off. I really do. And especially in terms of foreign policy. I think that, I think a lot of women and men both were very worried that after listening to Kamala Harris, especially when she talks out of both sides of her mouth to different audiences and how, how she was gonna deal with Ukraine when Putin is now threatening to use tactical nuclear weapons or putting incendiary devices allegedly on planes. And we're looking at a, something's gonna happen with Iran very soon.


And the idea that she would be the commander and chief just terrifies people, I think. And that came across Victor. We'll see how, we'll see how the night goes. Exactly. I'm gonna stand you by one piece of good news for Kamala. The New York Times just moved Michigan back into toss up. So Michigan goes to lean Trump right back to tossup moments later. So they're not feeling as confident now that it may be getting red as more and more raw vote comes in and they, they get it tallied up. Standby. Victor, we're gonna come back to you. Great to have you tonight. Love hearing from you. thank you. Back with me. Now here on set is, thank you Maureen Callahan. And also joining our discussion is Amala Enobi, host of the Amala Enobi podcast and Link Lauren, a former senior advisor to RFK J's Presidential campaign.


Thanks to you Amala and link for joining the conversation link. Let me start with you, since you actually worked for RFKJ for a while, Bobby, as he's known your reaction to the returns we're seeing so far tonight. Well, I just heard that Xanax and Boxed wine are being delivered to the M-S-N-B-C studios. They are melting down. I'm happy to be Back with the Marie. We gotta get some of that here just for fun. I'm, I'm, I'm coming in with a drink next time. I'm not kidding. Why should they have all fun? Go ahead link. It isn't lost. Mine left. I also have to say, you look stunning last night and every sense of the word. I know you don't like people kissing your feet, but I have to say, I'm so happy you were at the rally. We needed some women surrogates on stage for Trump.


thank you. Where had they been the last few months? So as for RFK Junior, as for Bobby, I heard he is down at Mar-a-Lago hanging out with Elon Musk, Kaitlyn Jenner, Dana White, Donald Trump. That lineup is every woke liberals worst nightmare, Tucker tell you right now. But yeah, Tucker Carlson, that is every, if you have purple hair and you win to Oberlin, you don't wanna walk into that room. But I think tonight really, my jaw, my jaw has been on the floor tonight with these Kamala Harris returns because this is a referendum on the swamp, on the political Washington permanent state. They have spent the last month saying Donald Trump is a fascist. He's Hitler. If you support him, you're a Nazi.


Everybody who supports him is garbage. And guess what? It's still a competitive race. Kamala's not sweeping and a landslide, which tells us you can't make a soak purse out of a Sal's ear with Kamala Harris. She is a very flawed candidate. And this is the death of the legacy media we're seeing right now. And we spoke about that all the time on the Kennedy campaign. 'cause we could barely get booked in the mainstream media. Oh my gosh. The the New York Times is having a schizophrenic moment. They just moved Michigan back to the Lean Trump category. They can't make up their minds about Michigan. Nobody know. Goodness, nobody knows. But I mean, Michigan's not even supposed to be his strongest of the three states. They just moved new the Wisconsin to lean Trump as well. That doesn't mean they're calling it for him.


But now we've got well to people That were there at 2:00 AM last night with him. But Yeah, that's true's why Grand Rapids, Michigan is where he, where he completed his campaign. That was his last rally. So now we've got two outta the three blue wall states leaning Trump, oh my God. Alah. I mean, I don't wanna say like, but it's starting to feel like it's gonna happen. And to link's point about the hysterics on the left and in particular at M-S-N-B-C, let's just take a little lookie into what's happening at M-S-N-B-C and how they're taking the news. Watch You just think about just the last two weeks and the things that, that Donald Trump has said into, into the TV that people could hear him say and do the vulgarity in front of families with young children and the threats to do mass deportation and a violent a a start, violent start to his dictatorship on day one.


And you name it. If all of that gets you half of the votes, 48, 40 9%, what does it tell you? I mean, we need to really take a step back and think about what does that say about us? I think What does that say about us? Yeah, that's really the question she, she should be asking herself in regard to the whole Democratic Party. What does this say about us that people are showing up for Trump in this way and we've been told for so long. You know, like Link said, he's a fascist. He's Hitler black people don't like him, he's offended. The Puerto Ricans, the Latino vote's gonna come out for us. And we're watching all of that be flipped on its head tonight. I mean, these exit polls from Latino men in particular who are coming full force for Trump Black in some instances, young, young people in Michigan and Ohio.


It's crazy to watch the narrative that we were sold by mainstream media versus what's actually happening tonight. I started off tonight so stressed, I was breaking my finger trying to refresh my ex figuring out what's going on. Yes. And slowly but surely I've been able to breathe a little bit and just love know flow. Same, same. Our guest earlier was suggesting Sean, I think it was Sean Spicer was suggesting we might be looking at 54 Senate seats that's getting in the cart before the horse. But I mean, if if it's, if we're even talking about that, it's gotta be a great potential night for Republicans. Go ahead link. Can I just say Joy Reid the colorist? I think we could recommend one to her. What is going on with Joy? Read on MSN C right now. If you need a bleach and a toner Joy, read what's happening.


You make seven figures a year. I'm guessing you can't get a haircut. She definitely Does. What the hell is going on? Marie Kellyann. You Guys need to hire link at the Daily Mail. You Do. You you're, you're amazing. You are amazing. This color commentary. It's just an yes. I can breathe A little bit. I know. Are you losing the pit in the stomach? I don't wanna jinx it. I know a little bit. It's just so wild. Also, may I just say breaking news out of the Daily Mail? This is how much the Biden's hate Kamala. Naomi Biden just announced her pregnancy. Oh no way. Yeah. Shades of like Meghan Markle at look at Princess Beatrice's wedding.


Yes. Oh, I'm just happened to be wearing a car coat that's covering a six month bump. Don't look at me anyway. Sorry. Like please. I'm sorry. You're great. Well Also, so we are, we have Some daily mail reporting. I was just gonna say, Joe Biden not at Kamala's event last night in Philadelphia. He's not going to her event tonight in dc. Joe Biden, I think he will feel so vindicated if Kamala Harris loses tonight, he is going to be so happy and smitten that he's the only person to go down in history who ever defeated Donald Trump. Well, what do you, what do you, on that front Amala, what do you think is causing this? She has not lost. He has not won the, we've been surprised before. Hello?


2020. We went to bed thinking trumpet won and we woke up being told he had lost. So let's not get ahead of ourselves, but what do you think explains what we can safely say at least is her struggles to, to win this thing tonight? Yeah, I mean, like, first things first with Kamala Harris, every time I see her speak, she lacks so much political charisma. It feels like pulling teeth to watch her speak at our alley and her try to engage with this crowd and get them to believe the things that she's saying. She spun this entire narrative about Donald Trump being a Hitler in a, in a threat to democracy and a fascist. But I think people, regardless of your, your background or how you identify, we're all experiencing the weight of what Kamala Harris's leadership has been for the past three and a half, four years.


And it's not really vibing with the message that she's selling to us, that she's a new generation of leadership. That she's somehow gonna turn the page even though she's been the page for the past four years. And when you see Americans being asked questions about how they feel on their major issues, they're saying it's immigration, it's the economy. These things do not bode well for Kamala Harris, considering she's had control over these things in large part for how long? So there's only so much fearmongering you can do leading up to the election. She tries to do this fake door knocking the fake phone calls to voters and everything just comes off as so disingenuous. So it's, I think experiencing the issues that America's facing and then being met with this uncharismatic solution to them, She's dying to be inspirational and she just isn't.


She can rehearse the lines, right? We played that soundbite earlier when she spoke to the Philadelphia news anchor. And for those who are watching us on YouTube, she did the thing with the hands. Like I, I grew up in a middle class family, like put, putting the hands together like I, but they just circulated this. We actually cut it for today's show. We didn't get to it. Showing how she delivers the same canned lines every time. And she, she thinks she's Oprah. Even Oprah's not Oprah anymore. Kamala, I hate to break it to you, but just look at this to your point, it's so seven. Do we have that from earlier today, you guys? Let's see. Watch it. You talked about creating opportunity seven. Are you ready to make your voices Heard?


no. no. Stand by. Yeah. Do we believe in freedom? So three different events for the listening audience opportunity. Do we believe America are ready to And When We win, Do you, it's just painfully AstroTurf. Yeah, it's crazy You know, every time I hear Kamala Harris, it's almost like she thinks nobody cross references the different times that she speaks that as though no persons going to hear her twice.


So she'll just say the same thing over. She knows Cameron when she's in front. Exactly. When she's in front of a Latino crowd, she, she pulls out the accent when she's talking to black people. She says, we going do it again in 2024. It's not working anymore. I promise. We see you more than once. We hear you more than once. We know what you're really like and we know what you're trying to come off as. And it almost comes off to me of like, who is the real Kamala Harris? I don't know that we've really even seen a glimmer of who she really is as a person. And that's deeply concerning. My favorite accent was the pastor accent. Joy cometh in the bone. It come in the bone So bad. How do You know? Go Ahead link. None.


My God, That was a good One too. I know. She changed her, changes her accent every single day. I feel like the biggest mistake the Harris campaign made was keeping her so bubble wrapped. I mean, people forget, they pushed Biden out in a coup, threw 'em out like the garbage. Get the reference on July 21st. Kamala went 40 days without a sit down interview. And then her first interview was with Tim Walls and Dana Bash on CNN and a diner. So I feel like if they had her doing press and getting to know people and showing who she was, people would feel more comfortable with her. But the fact that she hid out from the press for 40 days at a really crucial time, nobody feels like they know Kamala Harris. Well, the real Kamala Harris, please stand up For real.


Just F-Y-I-C-N-N is calling the Senate race in Maryland for the Democrat, not for Larry Hogan. Which isn't a huge surprise, but that's at least one Senate race that's being called. I do wanna I Oh You know what? Look at my team. Put this little gem together. We put this montage together about a week or 10 days ago. This is Kamala in all her many iterations. Watch Have You know empathy Man You know for the, the suffering of other people have You know sense of purpose. You better thank a union member for sick leave. You better Thank a union member for paid leave. You better.


Thank a union member for vacation time. Oh Goodness. I love you back. Gonna beat them in November. We'll beat them in. No. And you all helped us win in 2020. And we gonna do it again in 2024. Hello to all my Divine nine brothers and sisters. And I. So, and to all my HBCU brothers and sisters. It did. That was amazing. But didn't have my favorite one, Which was Joy Cometh in the mode.


Oh yes. Her Obama moment. She's channeling Barack. Yeah. Okay. We, we, we laugh because, well, because it's funny. It's actually funny. But the problem here, Maureen, is that she never gave us something to connect to. She was faking inspirational. And it's fine not to be inspirational. You know. I mean, I don't, I like, not every politician is inspir. I don't think John McCain was inspirational. George W. Bush was definitely not inspirational to anybody. But she, we don't know what she is. There's, it's unclear to everyone. That's The thing. I actually think it's unclear to her. You know, you've talked about this before. I definitely feel like I've talked about this with you.


You constantly get this sense when you're watching her and listening to her, that she's someone who is profoundly uncomfortable in her own skin. That's why the cackles at these inappropriate moments, that's why the wheeling out of Tim Walls everywhere. Which by the way, where has he been lately? Tampon Tim. We forgot all about him. Where Has he been? You know they, I feel like they shoved him in the basement. I think I, I am dying to know what's going on in the room with Kamala right now. Dying. I feel like it's Hillary all over again in so many ways. Including the weird accents. Including the, remember the pandering to like the black voters. I carry hot sauce. Oh yeah. In my handbag. That's right. I drop my G's just like you. You Creon.


It's so, so the, I don't wanna get ahead of myself. I don't wanna jinx anything but the draft of her concession speech. Meghan, I can't even bet you because I know you think the same as I do. It will contain the words, the hopes, Oh God. Goals, aspirations And aspirations. The American people. I continue to believe in Those And I You. know what? We should do our bingo card right now just in case she does have to concede. It's gonna include Yes. A lawn middle class. Yes. Ambitious people. Yeah. Ambitions. Yeah. Dreams for sure. Work ethic. American Dream. Dream. Our product could be American Dream. Yeah. Yeah. American dream.


We are, we are definitely getting ahead of ourselves. My mother. My mother buying a home. Yes. My mother and my, my my our neighbor who helped raise us small business Backbone of the country. Wait a second. New York Times Been cartel. The Guadalajara cartel. Oh yes. Transnational criminal. Criminal organizations. Yes. I mean look, the fact that we can Do this sounds like an episode of Breaking Bad. Alright. And just before I give you the breaking news, I do have to play Joy Cometh. Watch Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning. Wow. The path may seem hard, the work may seem heavy, but joy cometh in the morning and church morning is on its way.


Oh, it's even better than I remember. Oh My God. Wait link. This is just breaking. Okay, this is just got, this is breaking. Okay. Two things. I'm scared. Ohio Senate right now with 82% reporting, it's not over Moreno plus five Bernie Moreno plus five. Oh wow. Yeah. Up until like six weeks ago, he was not up in the polls. Sherrod Brown, the incumbent, the Democrat was up. We had him on the show recently and he had just moved up from like minus three, minus three, minus two. Minus two to plus one. And right now with 82% in, in Ohio, he's plus five. That could change. But here's the breaking news. New York Times Nate Cone. For the first time tonight, we consider Trump likely to win the presidency.


He has an advantage in each of the Pennsylvania, Michigan, and Wisconsin states. To win, Harris would need to sweep all three. There is still a lot of vote left, but in the voting so far, Trump is narrowly but discernibly ahead. And by the way, the New York Times is, wow. The needle is saying he's ahead in the popular vote as well. That's their projection link. I'm gonna run but I'll give you the last word. Wow. Yeah. This is just like I said earlier, a referendum on the swamp. The Democratic elites, a lot of these independents, they're tired of politics as usual. They're tired of the shenanigans. They're tired of being lied to. They're tired of the open borders. They're going for Trump.


Sorry, Kamala, come back again in 2028. You know. Maybe she, I would actually enjoy that. I kind of wanna see some more of these sound bites. You wanna Go through this again? Really? I could do without it. Well why not, Mon I just don't Do it. Do it on her book tour. Okay. A link. thank you. You guys are great. Alright. Coming up in one minute. Thank you so much. Thanks for having me. Thank you Megan. Dave. Rubin will be here.


But first this, I would like to issue an apology to all of those states that we have. Imagine waking up one day to find out, oh your home. It no longer belongs to you. That someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from underneath you. It sounds unthinkable undoable, but it is a sad reality for some American homeowners. And it's a risk for anyone that owns property house stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. And it's a form of real estate fraud or scammers. Leverage these loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, And. then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out about this, the scammer's long gone leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free. And a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not al already a victim. That's promo code Megan and Home Title Lock dot com or by using the link below.


Hmm. Back together. And joining me now Dave Rubin, host of the Rubin Report. Dave, welcome. So far it's looking very good for Trump. Anything could happen. You hate to count chickens, but man, I feel like I can hear little tweets. Megan Joy cometh this evening. I think it might just happen tonight. Yes, we are all thinking the exact, how'd I do there? I feel like that was pretty decent. You nailed it. That was like not Yeah. Not bad. Not bad. Look, we're all thinking the exact same thing. And this is exactly what we've all been thinking.


Not just tonight since this all started, but for weeks. Which is that clearly things were trending in Trump's way. We see the new alliance, we see all the disaffected dems, we see this really wide tent Republican thing that so many of us have wanted for so long. But what would happen late night on election night. So we are exactly I think where we all kind of thought we were gonna be. So I am feeling as good as you are. And by the way, I just very quickly wanna say how proud I am for what you did yesterday on stage with him. It was just so absolutely wonderful. I think it was part of both of your hero journeys and considering where you both were with each other. You know nine years ago at that first debate. And it was just so wonderful.


But I think we're at the exact moment that we all thought we were gonna get to right now. And let's just hope that You know pipes don't burst and nothing crazy happens. 'cause I think the American people have just had enough of the nonsense and we are about to reset the thing and it would be so freaking wonderful and and so overdue. And we can have it all back again. If, if we can just stay on this path right now. I mean, think about this, okay, the New York Times, new New York Times electoral college estimate, just updating now suggesting Trump looking likely to hit 300 to Harris's 2 38. We're getting down now to about the, the Biden Trump margin of victory.


If that's actually where it, where it lands. If Trump wins this, it needs to be by a healthy substantial margin because I don't know Dave, unless it's big and indisputable, I don't think the Democrats are gonna go quietly into the night. I don't even know if Kamala Harris will concede. It's a tricky question given all the criticism of Trump for not doing it. But they don't want this guy to take office. Well, look, I don't think there's any rule that they wouldn't break. I don't think there's any norm that they wouldn't gladly blow past. And God knows what shenanigans could happen over the next couple months. But I do know, Or a couple hours, I mean, I'm a little worried about couple hours.


Keep Going. Oh yeah, sure. Right. So let's get through to a couple hours. But let's say it does continue to trend in the way it's going. So we get through the couple hours, let's say we get an actual acceptance speech tonight and, and it really looks legit. I mean, we still have months and months of craziness ahead of us. You know, I don't even want to think about it too much, but we really do. I mean, You know it doesn't get certified till the sixth. He doesn't get You know put into the office until the 20th of January. Obviously I'm talking about in 2025. And You know this was always the danger. If you were gonna run around and say that your opponent was Hitler or a fascist and his supporters were white supremacists and neo-Nazis and all the rest of the nonsense, what wouldn't you do to stop him?


What wouldn't be legitimate to stop that movement? You know this is the thought exercise that people have had for 50 years. Would you kill baby Hitler? It's, it's a real thing that people, that philosophers debate and think about. And that really is the problem right now. And it's so unfortunate because it did not have to be this way. They could have had an honest, we could have had six months or I, well not six months because she just got in a couple months ago. But we could have had four months of an honest political debate in this country. The real difference between these two parties, these two people, the candidates, et cetera. And instead we got your Hitler and then we, so, and then what it does is it puts a whole bunch of Democrats who hopefully end up on the losing side of this thing, thinking that Hitler's in charge and he's not in charge, but it's not gonna stop their craziness.


And that's the real problem. No, the the, but her messaging from the moment she was anointed was absolutely all over the place. She launched with the, he's a sexual predator and a criminal fraudster. And I know the type because I'm a former prosecutor. And then she was, she was she an underground. We didn't hear anything except her scripted canned lines that we've heard a million times. Didn't speak with the press for all of August You know all of that. Remember she went like six weeks without talking to anybody in the press. Yeah. She gave like two airplane side You know questions to somebody. That was it. And then finally she comes out and starts talking. Things start spiraling.


Obviously that was hurting her. They didn't know what to do to get momentum And, then they switched to Hitler fascist. I mean, just the most vile things possible. And then the last two days of the campaign, Dave, they, they switched with all positive. She's gonna stick to her uplifting message. I mean, as if the voters have no idea what's been happening. I mean, to some extent, unfortunately their voters do have no idea what's been happening because their voters mostly apparently watch mainstream media. And, I think the other thing that's happening here tonight is we are seeing a wholesale shift in the media landscape. People watching your show, people watching my show, whatever the guys at the Daily Wire are doing, et cetera, et cetera.


That's something. And and there's lefty versions of, of all of us of course, that people are tuning out of the lies. And the machine has lied to so many of us for so long and just way too many of us have now woke up. I mean, think about, to me, the craziest thing that happened in this last week was that Barack Obama, two days before the election, so on Sunday, goes up in Wisconsin, gives a speech and says very fine people again, this thing has been debunked into yeah, oblivion. But he thought he could go up and lie. First off, he called it a white supremacist rally, which it wasn't, obviously it was a debate about statues Robert E. Lee in this case. But then Donald Trump, we all know Donald Trump said, I'm not talking about the white supremacists or the neo-Nazis.


He was talking about very fine people on both sides of the debate about the, whether you take down statues or not, which of course there are very fine people who could have opinions on that. But the fact that Obama thought he could give that speech, he knew he was lying. He, there's no way Barack Obama, it's, it would be so generous to say to him, oh, you're just not, you just didn't know what you were saying. That's absurd. So he went on stage knowing that he was gonna lie, knowing that it was gonna be debunked. I I put up a 32nd video, which just had Obama saying it, and then Trump's answer got like a hundred thousand retweets. I'm not a genius, I just did it 'cause it was obvious. So he knew it was gonna be debunked, obviously, yet he still lied to them. So what does that tell you? They think of their own base.


They think they are a dumb or B brainwashed and they don't care. Yeah. Or as my friend Maureen says, not not this friend Maureen, but a different friend. He thinks of desperation. They think of desperation. Yeah. That's, that's what it really shows you. They got increasingly desperate because their internal polls were showing, I'm sure some of what we're seeing tonight. And they knew more than they were letting on. And that explained some of the mood and that explained some of the messaging because they kept shifting. And if you're winning, you're not shifting. You know. One other thing, Maureen Callahan I wanted to ask about is the fact that she closed this campaign out with Oprah, Beyonce, J-Lo, Cardi B, who, I mean, honestly, it was like, okay, Cardi B is the most foul mouth four letter word loving like raunchy.


But that's fine if that's how you wanna, but she leaned into the Hollywood elite. She was not with the guys in the hard hats over and over picturing with them or making, taking pictures of them talking to them. You know, connecting with them in the campaign or otherwise. And the Dems wonder why they keep shedding the working class vote, the white working class, why they're now shedding the Latino vote, the black vote, the male vote. They're not You know. They don't understand it. And I really, I was really puzzled particularly by the J-Lo allowing her to endorse her so publicly at her rallies.


J-Lo is Diddy adjacent? Yeah. Right now. Yeah, that's right. We know this. That's right. She's in the news all the time. All the time. She's running away from reporters who ask her about this. She's shutting them down. What is this campaign thinking? It never works. It's, it smacks very much of Hillary as well. You know. Well When we talked about the Oprah interview right after it happened, and Meryl Streep and Julia Robert, I know you're going to win. I just know. Oh Remember, she's she, I, Madam Pres President Harris. Oh, whoops. Oh me. Yes. Just the greatest actress in the world. Like we knew how Alienating that would come across to regular people. They don't, they do this every time.


They do it every time. It doesn't move the needle. In fact it turns people off. And Oprah, I mean, how she could I, if you watched it the way I watched it, you knew Oprah was like, this woman is full of shit. Yeah. Like how do I spin this? I'm in it now. I'm in for a penny. I'm in for a pound. You know. But wait, here's the theory. Dave Rubin on the Oprahs of the world, the power brokers of the left of the world and Kamala, it's that Tucker said this to me, they're thrilled. She's an empty vessel. They don't give two shits. They just want someone they can control. Of course they want interchangeable parts and, and she's just an interchangeable part who lives in service to the system.


And the reason, and and by the way, if I was Kamala, I would live in service to the system because she's done nothing to deserve to be the nominee and certainly done nothing to be the president of the United States. So you would just give the system what it wants. So when you ask the question about the actors, I think You know what the answer is. The answer is actors that do this, that just go all in. And by the way, the the what's her name, who's the the with the bucket and the the girl Cardi B. Sorry, the Cardi B, she has the bucket and the song and the bucket. Yeah, the whole thing. It's a lovely song. It's Like this is a G. Yeah. Great song. Great song. This is a woman who just weeks ago was railing against Kamala but then clearly got some sort of call like you're gonna have to do it. Same thing as Usher.


Remember Usher was on the view about two months ago saying, I'm not gonna get political. And then suddenly he's on stage with her. The reason they all do it is actors and musicians and everything else. For as talented as some of them might be, they're all interchangeable. You why is it that the entire cast of the Avengers, every single one of them as good as of an actor as Rob, Robert Downey Jr. Is, or whoever you like there, Scarlet Johansson. How did they all come out on the exact same side of the political issue? Well, it's because they're in service to the Hollywood system. Actors can be replaced. You might think Robert Downey Jr's the Greatest Ironman of all time, but someone else can do it. And so because their talent is actually not that rare and very interchangeable, they will, they are very easily put into any system to do whatever the system wants.


And, I think we're seeing the end of that now, which is absolutely extraordinary. It's wonderful. It's long overdue and, and hopefully more and more people will realize this is what it was for a long time. Oh, Dave, Rubin, great to see you. Thanks for coming on. Good to see you. Megan. Wanna tell the audience this just in via NBC, Trump has an edge with the late breaking voters, 49 to 42. Now we're getting pretty late in the evening. It could still change, but we're getting pretty late in the evening so we can start paying a little bit more attention to these exit polls. But still huge asterisk. 'cause they change a lot. But that's amazing to me, Maureen, that suggests, not surprisingly, but absolutely nothing that she said in the past week or 10 days made a difference.


They did not buy Hitler, they did not buy fascist. They did not buy, he hates Puerto Ricans. They did not buy any of it. And This is why I really had this gut feeling he was going to win because that is the messaging of a panicked candidate, a panicked campaign, a panicked party. They were constantly, especially in the, in the real lead up to today, they were running in opposition to him. They could never define her. She could never define herself. Even the Obamas who know way better, yelling and hectoring at people at their own rallies, that is a room that is welcoming.


They want to hear from you. They don't want to be yelled at by you. And, I think they all had this sort of flaming hair panic that like they were in it with this loser of a candidate who despite all of the, of the, the legacy media fluffing her up as the next great hope. I honestly think she didn't run on her gender or on her race, not out of some sort of ethical or moral decision making. I think it was purely pragmatic. They saw it didn't work for Hillary and it wasn't gonna work for her. And she's certainly not somebody, was it you or somebody else who said this, that if she were to win it would put women Back me so Far?


Yes. And that's such a great point. This is not the one, no, this is not the one we can do a lot better than this. No, because all of her ineptitude will be chalked up to her femaleness 100%. And then the people coming up behind her will be tagged with it will be, will have to wear that around them like an albatross. Like it's all women who sound like this or who are empty headed or not deep thinkers. That's, that was one of my main objections to her. We cannot have this Nimrod become the next president and certainly not the first female president. Absolutely not. And the other thing that I thought was so telling about her campaign, she was running two different ads on the same major issue in Michigan.


She was running sort of pro Gaza, right? Yep. And What's in Pennsylvania? Pennsylvania. It was pro-Israel. Yep. And that to me said everything, you can't be a two-faced candidate. Say what you want about Donald Trump. You know exactly who you're getting. That is the definition of two-faced what he did. Yeah. Yeah. By the way, now Maureen's got the martini. Doug brunch just sterning him up. He's stake, he's shaking him and not, not stirring him doing the Lord's work. Yeah. Look at that closeup of it. And pretty soon, I mean we'll let's wait until we have a call And, then I will join you please. And hopefully by that point you'll be on your second. Don't go anywhere. I would love to. We're not giving up. We might, we might have a have a call within the next couple of hours. We're gonna have to check back in with Henry and find out.


Alright Maureen, thank you. thank you. I wanted to tell you this. Okay. When? When my team And I were discussing the lineup of guests tonight. And I haven't been. They've been great. I love our guest tonight. They're so great, so fun to have all of our favorites on almost all. Some of our favorites are not here, but we'll be here tomorrow. One voice I wanted to hear from was Sean Ryan. I love Sean Ryan. You guys love Sean Ryan, don't you? Former US Navy Seal. He came on this show over Memorial Day, then I went on his show for three hours. Such a deep, lovely man and he wanted to join the show but had something going on. So he sent along this, actually I think he goes to bed at eight o'clock, like literally, I think he said he goes to bed at eight o'clock. He's gonna have a lot to wake up to.


But he sent along this exclusive election day message to all of you. So watch it. It's here. Election night, 2024. What many consider to be the most toxic, divisive, yet most important presidential election of our entire lifetime. And I tend to agree. Each side thinks that if the other side wins, that it will be the end of the world as we know it. But the US is like a massive ship, the most powerful, biggest ship in the entire world.


And a big ship doesn't turn on a dime. It turns in increments. And somebody at the end of tonight is gonna take that wheel now, even though nobody's been on that wheel for the past four years, somebody's gonna take it and life is going to go on no matter who that is. And everybody wants to know how do we get this country on the right track? Well, I'm gonna tell you three things that I think are most important, most influential, and it's gonna steer this ship by increments that will last forever.


First being you need to stay true to your word. Now what does that mean? That means that if you don't like the way a store is catering to kids, that means you actually have to sacrifice your time and your money and go the extra five minutes down the road to the store that does have your values and does carry your beliefs. If you're banking at a bank that sold all your information to the federal government and you don't think that was good for your privacy, that means you need to switch banks. And when you switch, you tell 'em why you switched. Number two, we're gonna have to open up the conversation.


As Americans, we don't agree on much anymore. And the conversation has been extremely divisive if we've even had the conversation at all. But I still think there are a lot of commonalities that we share and we need to find those commonalities and start the discussion there to build the relationship, to have the harder discussions down the road that are gonna really change things. And number three, parents, leaders of the future generation. You are your kids' biggest impact. It means you need to lead by example and you also need to take the time to monitor what your kids are watching on the phone, what they're watching on tv, what they're taught in schools, and just be a good influence for 'em.


Life's gonna go on. It's up to us. Sean Ryan. Oh, we gotta get him back on now after we get results tonight, the official results. thank you Sean, so much for that video. Rich and Charlie are back with me. And also joining me, Tom Bevan and Sean Trendy from real care politics. Guys, this just in, you may have seen Fox News has now called the Ohio Senate race for Bernie Moreno that he will unseat incumbent incumbent Democrat, democratic Senator Sherrod Sherrod Brown. This is an important flip for the Republicans. It sure is. Wow. Tom Bevan.


Bernie Moreno takes the seat in Ohio, which is not one of the ones the Republicans were banking on. Those were in West Virginia and Montana. No, but this was definitely a race that Republicans had their eye on because they knew Trump was gonna perform well in the state and, and there hasn't been a lot of ticket splitting at the national level over the last two cycles. And so You know she Brown got a great reputation in the state, well known all of that. But at the end of the day, you saw I think the last full four polls that were in our average had Bernie Marto leading. He sort of surged through the tape at the end of this race as Republican voters came home to him. And, and so yeah, it was, it was a tough environment for she Brown and one he just couldn't overcome.


I feel like your affect does not match the news. I mean, this is like impressively animal, this the Republicans are, I, I just asked my team, have they called West Virginia? Like they called West Virginia. Right? Okay. How about Montana? Did, yeah. Has she officially Not yet, but not yet. That'd be a shock if you lost. Okay. That's only because maybe the lateness of the hour because they're mountain time. But she's Nebraska, which is a weird one. It's Nebraska and what else I'm forgetting one. Pennsylvania. Well, in Wisconsin and Michigan, Right? I mean like, this is getting a little crazy like That. That's where you can look up the, those states, Pennsylvania, Michigan and Wisconsin. That's where you run up the margin.


So a month ago, Ohio seemed a little bit of a stretch, You know, do a, a little of a stretch, but steadily come online in, in recent weeks and seem more likely. So now they're at, they're at 50 52 and they could go 53, 54, 55 if, if the, if the blue wall's falling Trump's way and it and a with a margin big enough. So far it's been look, looking as though the Senate canister underperforming Trump a little bit. So you need Trump to win by more than the hair in those Places. Charlie, what were you saying about why you think it's important to win the Senate by a lot? Well, because I think that there's gonna be a backlash against whoever wins this election and there usually is anyway. But I think particularly given the two candidates, And I, think if you want to get as many senates as you can have six year timeframe, so that if the country goes the other way in four years, then you create some stability.


You still have control of the Senate, even though maybe not by the same margin. Right. Or at least your losses aren't so great that you give the other side a mandate. Okay. I'm, I'm a huge Congress guy as You know Meghan. I don't like executive power. no. So I, I like to see some sort of stability in Congress, And, I like the filibuster, And I I Having come from England. Makes sense. Yeah. Rebel, rebel against your queen. You king. Exactly. Okay, so I'm just trying to figure out what's happening here. Mon Montana senate here, okay. Yeah. They, we, they called West Virginia for the Republican as expected Montana Senate, 6% of the vote in, okay, so it's too early to call right now. She, he's 55.9 testers, 42.4.


This, this will wind up going for Sheehy, we think, Sean, but let me ask you about your reaction of where we are so far. I mean, I don't know, did, I didn't expect to be quite this far along toward potential good news for Trump at 11:16 PM but are you seeing anything in the county by county analysis in the blue Wall states that would give Kamala Harris some strong hope? You know, I think the best hope she has is that a lot of Philadelphia, Detroit, Milwaukee are still outstanding. And so there's some very deep blue areas of those states, but there's also a lot of rural, I mean, I, I gotta be honest, the fat lady isn't singing, but she's warm enough.


This, this is starting to look really, really grim for Harris. And it's, I think the reason that Tom had such a, a flat affect about she brown likely losing is that we're, we're to the point now where we're really talking about these other three Senate races. The, as you said, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Wisconsin, I, I think it would, Democrats will be extremely lucky if they hold all three of those and very well may lose all, lose all three. Wow. I mean, that would be just absolutely stunning. It's Nebraska, they're now reporting Axios as Alex Thompson as follows. Harris campaign manager sends an email to all staff quote, while we continue to see data trickle in from the Sunbelt states, we have known all along that our clearest path to two 70 electoral votes lies through the blue wall states.


And we feel good about what we're seeing. I mean, it's not exactly a, a ringing endorsement of the results they've seen so far, Tom, but she's also not wrong. She or he, I'm not sure which one actually put that out, but it's, they're not wrong that if somehow she can hold onto those three states, she's going to win. She will still win this night. Yeah, I mean look, it's, it's technically still possible, but as Sean points out, it's getting more and more sort of looking like she needs an inside straight. I mean, she's down, she's down over three points in Pennsylvania with 76% of the vote in, so You know she's down in Wisconsin by, I think over two points, 2.2 50,000 votes with Almost two thirds of the Yeah.


With two thirds of the vote in there. So it, it, it's getting to the point where it's, it's looking less and less likely that she will get that inside straight. And then you see these numbers at the Senate level as well. Look, republicans, we, we always kind of knew that despite both campaigns saying that they were poised to have a great night, this is how these elections go. Like one side gets the better of it and, and they end up winning a lot of these close battleground states. They win a lot of the close house races, they win a lot of these close Senate races. They don't, these races don't split 50 50. And, and that's what we're seeing Republicans are having the better night. Trump is overperforming in a lot of the Sunbelt and as a result he's dragging a lot of these candidates Republican candidates.


He's given 'em a lift and, and they're winning a lot of these races, or at least they're, they're in position to win a lot of these races. And as Sean mentions, You know, we, I think our final projection, our final senate map I should say, was at GOP plus three, that's looking likely and it could even be a higher number than that when all is said and done. How About, yeah, go ahead. So it really has to do a 2016, so she may not lose the popular vote, but basically tie the popular vote and where's that phrase inside straight from, right. We, that's what Trump did in 16. So she's gonna have to do the same thing in the blue wall state narrowly win each of them. And it, it may be, this may be too early to say this, but it may be that the race gets into a zombie state at some, some point here, okay.


Where it seems like Trump is ahead and, and all the blue walls, the New York Times needles and others are giving the advantage, but the count slows down as the night goes on and we're just sort of suspended animation where he is, it, it looks very likely he is on the cusp, but we don't quite tip out, Right, because there's still outstanding vote mail, mail ballots that they have to count given what's You know, they, they, they will discard the mail ballot counting as unnecessary to make a projection if they can get the margin of victory for Trump or, or Kamala to the point where they're unnecessary. I mean, I've seen that happen many times at Fox. Hold on a second. NBC just reporting in an ominous development for Democrats, the share of voters identifying with their party hit the lowest mark this century Dems 32% down from 37 in 20 20, 34, up from 26% in 2020 Republicans, 34% down from 36% in 2020.


Look back to that in one second, Sean. Oh, did we lose Sean? Can you hear me? Did we lost? Oh, we lost. I'm here. Oh, he can hear me. Sean, what do we know about the house races because that's, that's, that was the body that the Democrats were most likely to take control of. How are they looking? You know, it's kind of fascinating. They're looking very status quo right now. There haven't been many flips. I don't, I I don't even know if there have been any I so far so I'd say the safest bet right now is a, is a slight Republican majority, but there are a lot of house races that are, are very, very close house races tend to lag for a variety of reasons. So that'll probably be the last one that we have a firm answer to.


Okay. Alright guys, thank you both so much. Great to see you, Sean. You as well, Tom. Appreciate it. What do you make of that guys? This an, an ominous development again from NBC share voters identifying where their party hit the lowest mark this century and to what do we owe that? Well, so I said this on your share a few weeks ago, the phenomenon culturally that is Donald Trump and the media's dominance of the narrative have hidden the fact that the Democratic party is crazy. I offer many criticisms of the right week and week out, but the Democratic party is crazy and they have adopted crazy positions, not just on issues that conservatives such as myself would oppose, but that people, when they learn about them, just recoil from, for example, surgeries on children, men in women's sports.


There was a piece, I think it was in se four, I can't remember where it was, but it said that Republican strategists had learned that they had to tone down the critiques that they made of Democrats in election cycles. Because if they didn't, people didn't think they were true. Did you read that? Yeah. In other words, the Democratic party has become so crazy that the average voter who is primed to be persuadable just couldn't grasp that. That they weren't being lied to when they were told verbatim the positions. Standby Charlie. This just in the AP calls North Carolina for Trump. So that's our, that's an official call North Carolina now officially in the Trump camp.


I mean, it's happening state after state. It is starting to happen and we're not getting any callbacks and we're not getting any competing data in her favor. We're not seeing the signs of slow down. This could change that You know we've seen in the past. Standby guys back with me now. Mark Halperin and Dan Turrentine, I'll start with you on this one. Dan. Are we, are we seeing any of the signs of like, hold on, maybe not blue wall. Nope. People are starting to text, they're going to bed. They are moving from wine to You know hard alcohol at this point. I mean in all, in in, in all seriousness, there isn't And I think now you're starting to see texts and, and messages about how big is the Senate majority for the GO Ps gonna be, I think one of your guests just said You know perhaps 52, 53.


I think it may even get to 55 and and 56 is not out of the realm of possibility. Oh wow. And it's hard to see if Trump, if the night looks, turns out the way it looks like, which is Trump is gonna have an extremely good night win the popular vote, they pick up all these Senate seats. It is hard to see Democrats holding the house. Not impossible, but it, it's hard and there's gonna be a lot of soul searching in the party. And I think, as you guys were talking about You know just a minute ago, one of the things the party's gonna have to wrestle with is the animating principle of the last five years has been denying Trump office. It's why Joe Biden said he ran in 2020 was he was disgusted with Trump.


It was why he ran again. 'cause he thought he was the only one who could beat him. And You know Harris really settled the last three weeks on just why you should hate Trump. And that clearly didn't work. And Trump has grown stronger on policy appeal, and the party has to come to grips with it and figure out its own appeal to voters. Well, That's a very interesting point. So does that mean, before I go to Mark, in your view, if Trump wins this with that kind of a Senate and possibly controlling the house, that the Democrats will stop with the lawfare and the constant attacking of him is this Hitler risk figure? Because they'll receive the message that the electorate doesn't wanna hear that and doesn't buy that.


Yeah. I mean, look, a a absolutely. I mean, just in the last few weeks on our own show, women, young women who are pro-choice coming on in, in groups, not, not You know, just by chance not because we, we had a plan that day. I'm for Trump because of other issues. Black men coming on, I am for Trump for other issues. It's, it's this like, let me scare the Jesus outta you over how awful You know he's a racist, he's a misogynist, all, all of this. And yet people are attracted to Trump because of the economy or his views on immigration or his, his, his views. But do you think views on foreign, do you, do you really think the Democrats can reel it in?


I feel like it's, it's too important to them to stop saying it. If you wanna win, you will. And look, there will be some, we are a big party that will say, we need to double down on that And I think there will be others who will see Yes. Yes. And there will be others who will see that the pat That, that, that is a just recipe for disaster. Okay. Mark, let me bring you in your reaction to what we're seeing so far. Well, the Democratic party will blame Joe Biden first and Kamala Harris second. And there's no reason to think they'll do any soul searching. There's almost no one in the party who's been the least bit outspoken about the dynamics that have led up to this.


The attempts to eliminate Donald Trump rather than appeal to his supporters, the failure to stop the party from moving to the hard left, the failure to be honest about Joe Biden's mental capacities going back to 2017, the failures to find a way to effectively stop Kamala Harris from being the nominee without any fight And I think, I think most profoundly, the failure to see that the party is on so many issues out of step with the country, while they accused Donald Trump of solely appealing to the quote unquote extreme MAGA base when immigration inflation, the forever wars. Some of the cultural issues are not about the extreme MAGA base.


They're about about 70% plus of the country. Hmm. What are we seeing so far about the reasons this is happening? Mark, have you seen that? And do you, do you believe what you read at this point in the exit polls? Because You know the, they're the, the voters will tell us why they're voting the way they are. Yeah. I don't like treating the exit polls like the Rosetta Stone, because I used to work on the exit polls. And I know that they're You know they're not, they're not that. But directionally all the things that Donald Trump and his team said they would do appeal to young voters, Hispanic voters, young black men, independent voters. I suspect eventually we'll see labor households. All that is part of why he won And I think the transformation of the, the, the, the realignment of this election, if the exit polls are even close to correct, is much more profound than what happened in 2016 when he turned the Republican party into the party of the white working class.


Now it's the party of the white working class, black working class, Hispanic working class, young voters. Independence. That's a, that's a big realignment. And there's no one in the Democratic Party who's close to the generational talent of Barack Obama or Bill Clinton. The two people who found a way to reimagine the Democratic party to deal with the Republican strength. And if he does win the popular vote, and he may, it's going to be both symbolically and substantively significant in a way that, again, a talent like a Bill Clinton or Barack Obama could grapple with. I don't see its soul in the Democratic party. And, and the first thing they'd have to do is stand up to the far left and the far left calls the shots and the Democratic party, which is a big reason why they found themselves where they are right now.


It it'll also be the greatest political comeback of all time. The greatest political comeback of all. Yeah. Right. I mean, everybody agrees On that. Yeah. And getting, getting, getting, getting, getting shot along the way. Yeah. My god, Sean, the, to Mark's point, some of the exit poll data showing that men under 30, they're tied, they're tied Harris and Trump, 48 and 47. So, but that's, that's good. That's good for Trump because people under 30 tend to vote Democrat. But the fact that Trump's keeping it tied is to his credit, and she's crushing him with women under 30. She's got 62%, he's got 36%. But she's not doing much better than Biden did. They're about the same.


So in other words, she pulled Biden's same margins with young women, and she is doing worse with young men than Biden was. Biden won this group by 11 points. She's tied with Trump. The, the men across the board did show up. That's what we're seeing. And the, the rise of the women You know the, the girl power they're running. It's not, not being reflected in these numbers. Yeah. Look, here's a couple things that I think are gonna be interesting. In 2016, the, when, when we partnered the RNC partnered with the Trump campaign, the media derided it and said, well, no one's ever operated like this before. This can't possibly work. We pulled out a winning coalition this time.


Everyone said the Trump campaign outsourced its ground game. There's no way this can work. We're seeing, as you just pointed out, the key coalitions, the key constituencies showed up and turned out. Right. Look at this just as a, as a side note, I know you talked about this earlier in the show, but, but you're seeing this throughout New Hampshire. She's at 51% Rhode Island, 53. I talked about that earlier, Virginia 50 to 48. She's underperforming everywhere. But I wanna, I think you touched on this earlier, Megan. I just want people to understand where we've been misled. The Iowa poll came out the other day saying that Kamala Harris was up three and every left wing legacy outlet put them on as if it was gospel truth and this massive trend.


Do You know what Trump is up right now? 12 points. He's outperforming where he did in 2020. He was at eight plus eight then he's at plus 12 right now with 80% In Iowa. Emerson. Got It. The readers, the, the, the people who bought into that poll owe the American people an apology. The methodology didn't look good from the jump, but the media was so into hating Donald Trump that they were willing to buy anything that was as much misinformation. As we talk about the, the, they love to talk about this being spread. We're gonna be talking about this. I know there's a lot of stuff on the left that we can talk about where that campaign went wrong. But the media has another big, big need to look at itself and how it covers elections and how it covers the right By way.


'cause we're not just the way on the top. We're gonna see a by, I think a good size Senate majority, By the way, Sean Davis of the Federalist, I think. Yeah. He just tweeted out Puerto Rico just elected a Republican governor. Everyone who told you a comedian's joke was going to tip the presidential election is a liar. Who thinks you're stupid bookmark every person who hyperventilated about that and vowed to ignore them forever. It's funny, I mean, I said on the show, I thought the whole thing was too tastic, which I stand by. But that I wasn't offended by that guy's joke. I do think You know. Look, Trump did not behave perfectly over the last week. It wasn't his problem so much at that rally as it was those around him. But Trump was his normal self. However, what we're seeing as with so much with Trump is it didn't hurt him.


People, their opinions of him are already baked. That cake's been in the oven and it's already nice and tasty. So what's gonna happen, Dan, if, if Trump wins this and the Republicans have 55 Senate seats and take the house, what does the left start saying? What, what are we going to hear on M-S-N-B-C? Well, I think you, and you've already heard a little bit of this in the last few weeks when Bernie Sanders went public, that he was a little upset that Harris was spending time with Liz Cheney. And he argued that what Harris needed to be doing was focusing on working class voters.


And I think you're going to hear part of the left say that part of the Democratic base has left for Donald Trump. Mark alluded to it, this realignment, people of color in the working class are now You know in Trump's camp. And that the party was not left enough. And you will have people like a OC and others who are thinking about the president, who are going to come out and say that Harris has moved to the middle. Her willingness to not take a stand, You know even on on the trans rights issues and, and this issue of the surgeries You know there were Democrats who were like, she needs to come out and proudly plant the flag, right? And she said kind of nothing like, I'll just enforce the law.


And she tried to kind of have it both ways. So I think the left there, there will definitely be a segment that said that she was not proudly progressive enough. And that is why the base of the party has left for Trump. I don't agree with that, but that's what, Yes. I mean, given, given the amount of millions that Trump spent on those NFL ads, I mean that he heard her, for sure, those ads heard her. And the great thing about those ads were was they were 100% true. She did exactly what they said she did. Then she later said, oh, well Trump did it too. I mean, we did a deep fact check on that. The readers know I'm, or the listeners know, I'm very, very onto this subject. But what happened was Barack Obama changed the prison policy to require that taxpayers pay for sex change operations and procedures.


Trump got in there and his administration said what? And tried to limit the existing policy while they challenged it in court. No one received such a surgery under Trump. One guy who murdered two people by tying them to an anchor and throwing them overboard of their boat who got was in, was in California prison getting awaiting the death penalty, I think got the surgery after Trump left office. And she tried to say he did it too. He did it too. Meanwhile, she actively worked to change the policy in California to provide these taxpayer funded sex change operations. She did it. That's why she couldn't effectively deny it. And people can smell it. You know when you tell a lie, when you try to dodge, when you try to do a, he did it too without being straight.


They can smell it. Guys from two-way. thank you all very much. So interesting. See you guys later. You guys stand by one second. 'cause we're gonna bring in our legal panel to dive into what the next few months are going to look like. You guys know these guys very well. George's own Phil Holloway host of Inside the law, his YouTube show, Dave Aronberg, state attorney for Palm Beach County, Florida, where Mar-a-Lago is located. And Mike Davis founder and president of the Article three project. What a night, guys, thank you all so much for being here. Can I just ask you, before we get to the law fair and what's gonna happen next, Mike, you, I mean like there's, you'd be hard pressed to find somebody who's a bigger booster and more loyal to the president than you.


What, what's your reaction to what we're seeing so far? I would say that it's gonna be a very good night for President Trump. I Think he got the win dark MAGA cap on everybody. Go ahead. I think he, I think President Trump's gonna win pretty handily. He may sweep all the swing states. We're we, we've already won the Senate for Republicans. It's, it's a very, very good night, Dave, how are you feeling? We're not feeling great right now, but I am not willing to throw in the towel yet. There's still results coming in the cities where the Democrats really are counting on Milwaukee and Detroit and Philadelphia.


So as long as the vote has not come in yet for those cities, then there's still the chance that the blue wall will hold. That is has always been the main path to victory for the Democrats. That's the memo also from Jen Dillon, the chair for the Kamala Harris campaign that is still holding onto the blue wall. We shall see. Very, but it's important To, I mean, it's not one yet. Yeah. Correct. Correct. And that's why there's still time. It's not over yet. We're not throwing in the towel. There's a lot of of hand wring and bedwetting, but that's what we Democrats do. So we'll see as the votes are counted. Phil, while we were all focused on the electoral map, we got some news on our old Powell, Fannie Willis seems the voters down in Atlanta are not done with her yet?


No. And look, this is Fulton County after all, and it looks like Trump only took about 27 ish percent of the vote. And of course she being a Democrat, it just makes common sense that she's going to, to sort of ride this, this blue wave that's forever and ever going to exist in Fulton County. I'm just glad that our state in Georgia appears to have not become a national embarrassment because we had some, some questions about whether another metro Atlanta County and Gwinnett County might have some voting irregularities or at least some issues with how those machines counted the ballots in, in Gwinnett County.


But it looks like we've dodged perhaps a, a national embarrassment bullet on that one. Hmm. Okay, so let's talk about Lawfare guys, because I think we all know that really, regardless of who wins, there's gonna be lawfare after the fact. Do do we, do we think that, I mean, I think we think that, don't we think that Depends who wins? Does it And I don't know if that's true Up there. I Go ahead Phil. I do. Well I I do think as far as Trump is concerned that no matter what happens, he has that sentencing in New York on November. I think it's 17th that's coming up and that's gonna be very Interesting. We'll, to that we'll get, we'll get to that in a second.


We'll get to the criminal case against Trump in one second. I'm talking about the law fair around this election. I feel like it's gonna come either way. The reason I think that is, I think if he wins, they're gonna be calling him an insurrectionist again, trying to get him not installed, trying to get the vote, not certified, maybe trying to push faithless electors. I think all that's coming our way. You think, do you think Jamie Raskin is gonna roll over and just accept Donald Trump's victory? Do you, do you think that Dave? I I do actually. Yes, yes. Oh, Democrats could grumble, but no, I don't think that they're gonna try to do an insurrection or do alternate electors or any of the things that happened four years ago.


No Democrats, they can grumble but they don't play the same game. So no, I don't think that's gonna happen. Hmm. Alright, how about you Mike? Davis, what do you think? Well, It depends on how much President Trump wins by tonight. And it also depends on whether Republicans keep the House of Representatives You know, look, they tried to bankrupt Trump, they tried to throw him in prison for the rest of his life for Noncrime. They're still trying to do that with that sentencing hearing in front of Judge Marshan in Manhattan on, I think it's November 26th. They've tried to, they've tried to take him off the ballot and they underfunded his secret service protection.


So they're, they've tried to take off his head. That all didn't work. The American people, it looks like have put President Trump back in the White House. And as you said Megan, that that Jamie Raskin seems pretty determined to try to block that on January 6th. I I would not bet that that guy's gonna go quietly into the night if Trump wins this. I just, I'd be shocked. I know that they have said we hate election deniers, we hate everything that Trump did, but they hate Trump more than the charge of hypocrisy. So that's what I think. I think they will fight, they'll fight legally. But now if Kamala Harris manages to eek this out, and we do need to discuss this, if she does somehow manage to win these Blue Wall states, you guys, and it happens with the mail-in ballots late in the game the way we saw in 2020.


Mike, you tell me what's gonna happen. Look, I I think that president, if you look at the way the president, president Trump is trending with this election, I think he's gonna win beyond that margin. I think he's gonna win comfortably in these key swing states. He may win all seven of these swing states and You know, I I just, I don't, I don't see a scenario where the Democrats are gonna be able to send in these late mail ballots and, and take this election for Kamala Harris. If, if he wins, there will be the question either way wins or loses what happens to the law fair against him.


And I'll come to you in one second, Phil, we'll talk about Atlanta. But lemme start with Dave who wanted to talk about the sentencing. Trump is scheduled at some point to go be sentenced for the conviction that was brought against him, that was achieved against him. But there is motion practice still pending on whether that trial needs to be redone because they introduced evidence against him in the course of it that involved his time in the Oval Office and in the wake of the Supreme Court ruling that you can't introduce evidence like that against a president, a former president, they may be in a real pickle on whether they can proceed to sentencing. So Dave, what happens if, if he, let's start with if he wins, what happens If he wins, he's gonna have to still show up at the sentencing.


That's gonna be must see tv. If only they had cameras in the courtroom in New York, they really should change that. And then he will get sentenced by Judge Marshan. I don't know which way Judge Marans gonna go. I know Mike And, I had differed on that, which way they're gonna go. I, I don't know, but I can tell you that if he wins then he will not serve any sentence in New York. They'll postpone it, they'll stay it until after he is out of office. And then who knows what can happen four years later. So, and as far as the other cases, he will order his Attorney general to drop the case in Washington DC as well as the case that is in the 11th circuit. The Mar-a-Lago documents case, and then you're left with the Fannie Willis case in Phil's area.


And that one I think, Wait, before we get to that, before we get to that Dave, before we get to that, will they, will the DOJ comply if a, if a newly reelected President Trump orders them to drop the two prosecutions? Well, it'll be his own DOJ. He's gonna appoint an attorney general like Cash Patel or so, Or Mike Davis Mike Davis will be ag and I'm rooting for Mike Davis. I I don't wanna get ahead of myself Mike Davis too. Well See. Go ahead Mike guys, Because that's the only, that's the only I'll stay outta gmo. Yeah, you as you guys all know, I'm too, I'm too charming to get confirmed. And so I have 0% chance of ever being Trump's attorney general.


But I will say this, look, president Trump's either going back to the White House or he is going to Rikers Islands. And I. Think the American people are gonna determine that tonight. Okay Phil, so Fannie Willis has not given this whole thing up. We had the judge who refused to dq her and it's being appealed and it's not yet resolved. So what's gonna happen with the case in Atlanta? Well, so next month in December, there's oral argument before the Georgia Court of Appeals on the very issue of whether or not she, Fannie Willis should be disqualified from further prosecution in this case. And look, the judges who are on that panel all come from pretty red areas of the state of Georgia.


I'm not saying that politics creeps into the judicial system, but hey, sometimes it might And I think particularly that if he wins this election and it looks like he will tonight, I think that the court of appeals is in Georgia, is just going to have all the more reason to go ahead and disqualify Willis. And if that happens, this becomes an indictment without a prosecutor because the Georgia, they have a state agency called the prosecuting attorney's counsel. They would be tasked with potentially assigning it to another prosecutor. And no other prosecutor in their right mind in the state of Georgia is going to want to pick up the mantle and try to carry this prosecution across the finish line.


They would have to start over from the very beginning probably anyway to clean up the mess that's been by Willis. On the other hand, if I'm wrong and she not recuse from the case or dismiss from the case, I think that it's, it's stayed pretty much indefinitely. I don't think the trial judge is going to wanna proceed with any kind of active litigation against a potential sitting president of the United States. So one way or another, I am convinced that the Georgia case is dead in the water. I'm convinced of that too. Dave, if he does lose and the audience should be reminded it is still possible. We don't have a call in one of those three blue wall states and if she wins them all, he, he's, she's gonna be the next president.


So if he loses what, what happens with the New York case that one did proceed to verdict. If the judge says, I'm not worried about that evidence we let in, I don't think that it would've affected the verdict and I'm gonna go ahead and proceed with sentencing, then what happens? Yeah, then he'll sentence them and then it'll go on appeal on the grounds. You just said And, then I suspect an appellate court may rule that it's harmless error or they may reverse it and send it back. I think it's probably harmless error. And then Trump will get sentenced in New York and he'll have to go through with the sentence, he can only have so many delays and then he will also be put on trial in Washington DC that's the next one to go the election interference case.


And then the 11th Circuit at some point soon is gonna, I think, overturn Judge Cannon and reinstate the Mar-a-Lago documents case. I, I do agree with Phil. I think that the case in Atlanta is a non-starter for I, I don't see any end to that one or that that one will go to trial. So I think Trump's facing serious legal liability in those three cases, including potential incarceration. You Phil, you're shaking your head no on the 11th circuit reversing, just to keep the audience up to speed, we were talking about the Mar-a-Lago documents case where Trump took all those documents and then didn't give 'em over to the Feds when they were demanded. And then the FBI raided his house and the judge in that case threw out the case saying Jack Smith, a special prosecutor had not been properly appointed that it could have been cured if they had just gone to a sitting US attorney and said, would you please bring these charges?


But they didn't. They really wanted to stick with Jack Smith. So you were shaking your head no when Dave was saying he thinks that that ruling by Judge Aileen Cannon will be reversed by the 11th Circuit Court of Appeals. Yeah, I would have to respectfully disagree with my friend, but 'cause I think the 11th circuit, it's not carved in stone that they would reinstate the documents case. I think the argument that Jack Smith was illegally appointed is a pretty good argument. And let's remember Donald Trump, if he wins, he can of course pardon him himself. But regardless of whether that happens, if let's say the 11th Circuit does do the opposite of what I'm saying, that could be appealed to the US Supreme Court.


And I think they have every incentive and every reason to take that case from the 11th Circuit. And to rule on that issue, they've already dropped some hints. At least some of the justices have that perhaps the appointment of Smith was an unlawful appointment. So I just don't see the document case being revived by the 11th circuit and if it, if it is, if I'm wrong, I think it's gonna be quite some time before that case would ever get back to the trial. Alright, last but not least, Mike, if Trump wins tonight, we're gonna hear a lot on the left about Trump threatened to go after this one and Trump threatened to go after that one. And I literally heard Michael Cohen on M-S-N-B-C this week saying he's going to leave the country, he's getting a passport with a different name.


He recommended that the M-S-N-B-C anchors do the same. So you tell me what he actually is likely to do with his Department of Justice. Do you think he will order the prosecution of his enemies as was done to him? I don't think he's gonna order a political prosecution for noncrime like the Biden Harris Justice Department and their allies in New York and Atlanta have done to him and his top aide, Steve Bannon who went to prison, Peter Devaro who went to prison, his supporters on January 6th, who were persecuted under the Supreme Court's Fisher decision.


Parents outraged by gender chaos in schools and the resulting rapes and bathrooms. They set the FFBI after them. I mean it's it Christians preying at abortion clinics while they give amnesty to Joe Biden and Hunter Biden and every scumbag Biden, BLM, Antifa, Hamas, trans terrorist, abortion industry activist. I mean, you're not gonna see that during the Trump administration like the Biden Harris administration has done to Trump. Mm Guys we should know soon we think. We think we're gonna know soon. thank you all. Thanks for everything on this Lawfare. We're, I'm not done with you yet.


I mean we're definitely gonna be talking about Lawfare again, but you guys have been just stellar. thank you. Thanks for having. Okay. Up next Buck Sexton. And we're also getting some exit poll data on the trans issue and the role it played.


But first this, let's be honest, the world is not getting any simpler. Whether it's a natural disaster, a supply chain issue, or just a nasty virus, things happen that we simply cannot control. But what we can control is how prepared we are. We have seen time and time again that preparation is key. It's about being proactive, not reactive. That is where the Jce case comes in. The jce case is an emergency kit with prescription antibiotics that cover a huge range of common infections. This is just a good idea to have around the jce case takes the guesswork and the panic out of challenging situations. You will have the right medication when you need it. And in times of uncertainty, you really don't wanna be dependent on outside systems with the Jce case, you have a practical, reliable solution ready at your fingertips. It's about taking control in a world that sometimes feels out of control. So don't wait until it's too late. Get prepared now. Just go to jce.com, that's JASE and enter MK at checkout promo code mk@jce.com to get the right meds the moment you need them. And this is about smart preparation. Don't forget that for you and for your family's peace of mind. Okay?


Okay, our onset guests are all back with us. Rich Lowry, Charles CW Cook and Maureen Callahan and Buck Sexton is with us as well. Co-host of the Clay Travis and Buck Sexton Show Buck welcome. Great to see you. Just wanna let the audience know we're things stand now. Pretty much everyone is called North Carolina for President Trump, but it's the only state that has be officially called the latest on the Georgia Presidential race via NBC is 92% of the vote is in Trump is leading 50.8 to Harris's 48.3. Let's see, Fox reports that Republicans have taken control of the Senate incumbent Republican senator Deb Fisher wins in Nebraska.


Wow. Oh wow. And let's see if I'm getting it all now. One other thing, Buck Sexton. And that is Scott Presler. Hold on a second. Who, I don't think anybody has done more to get out the vote in Pennsylvania for Trump and Scott Presler. He moved to Pennsylvania, he's been like a one man. Get out the vote machine. He's been registering. He's the guy who got that million vote difference advantage to the Democrats, shrunk down to 300,000. And we had him on the show. He is an impressive guy and he just tweeted out the following few things. President Trump won more votes out of Lancaster County than in 2020.


The Amish delivered go Amish witness. Yeah. President Trump received more votes in Butler County where he took a bullet for us. Then in 2020, Scott writes, I'm shaking. Don't know what to say. Wow. Oh that's that. That's really sweet. He worked so hard. We are reaction buck to this just torrent of good news so far for Trump. It looks like a great night for America on a bad night for communism. I'm absolutely thrilled. This is what the Democrats richly deserve. And I would say that I, I'm usually one for good sportsmanship and You know consideration for a battle well fought when they spend the last few days of a campaign saying openly that Trump and his supporters are, are Nazis.


I feel no grace. I feel no sense of sadness at the sadness that they are feeling or empathy at the sadness that they're feeling. They ran a candidate who's an utter fraud. She's also a disgraceful person for her attempted character assassination of Brett Kavanaugh during his confirmation hearings. I could go on at length just about that. She's an abomination of a candidate. She tried to lie to the American people. She tried to hide from the American people. And it looks like, and maybe tomorrow I'll have to eat my words, but whatever, I won't care. It looks like the American people saw through it and have done the right thing. And, I haven't even gotten to what a great campaign.


I think Trump did run the most iconic political moment of any of our lifetimes. A president taking a bullet, grazing the side of his head and not just continuing on with his campaign, continuing with public public appearances afterwards, but yelling, fight, fight, fight in the moment to his crowd. None of us have ever seen anything like that. And none of us, I think ever will again. And this was just a very clear choice between the return to four years of Trump policies and leadership. Or, I'm not even sure what we could say Kamala Harris would have done or would would do if she were to win. I think it's a very remote possibility now.


She ran away from everything that she had ever stood for in adult life. She did so in about a 90 day period when it suited her. And she did so after pretending that her chief partner and the commander in chief didn't have dementia, which she clearly knew. So You know, they haven't started the tears over at M-S-N-B-C Megan, when I'm not checking in on your live stream. I've got a, a few different TVs here running and I'll see what's going on there. But when they start crying, I will start laughing because they deserve it. The media went hysterical against Trump. Everything that they said about him in these final weeks as their primary methods of attack was I think just completely insane. Unhinged and beyond the pale.


And here we are also, by the way, all these Republican senators so have, have had different, have had them all on at different points. You know Bernie Marino's a great guy. I'm not sure. I think HDI is, I saw something like he was separated by six votes at one point. I mean, it's like the closest Senate race anybody's seen since Al Franken You know some years ago in Minnesota. So it's, it's looking really good for Republicans in the Senate. And I'm just, I'm very happy. It feels like this is balance restored. It feels like this is the, a reckoning on so many levels. So let's just hope that I don't wake up tomorrow and find out that the magic ballots arrived in Detroit. All Of those I know, I know.


We all have to be cautious 'cause we've been burned before. Wanna share this Brett bearer reporting that he spoke to three separate sources close to the Harris, close to Harris. And the campaign one said quote, I think we're losing this end quote, other two, admit path is very thin. Trump has more votes in counties in Pennsylvania where he should be losing by a bigger margin. I mean that's exactly, that's exactly it. That's exactly how the decision desk will look at the outstanding vote to see is he ahead by margins that could give him the padding he needs to win. Or is he, is there still enough outstanding vote that could go her way to swing the state? And it doesn't sound like they feel confident about it.


Let me ask you something on your analysis Buck, do you think there's anything she could have done differently that would've changed the results we're seeing? No, I I actually don't. I think that I was one of the people who all along was, was insistent And. I was wrong and unfortunately had to buy my good friend and cohost Clay, the most expensive steak I think in the Continental I saw that it had firecrackers in it, lost The bed firecrackers a gold case, the whole thing. So Clay, clay got his fancy steak. I thought that they would still run Biden quite honestly. And it wasn't because I wasn't fully aware of the cognitive decline as I think all of your guests, you, I mean everyone we're all aware of, of what's happened to Joe Biden in recent years.


It was bad and continue to get worse as as age related decline does. But Kamala is a horrible candidate. I mean, truly Democrats recognize this in 2020. She didn't become a different person because the circumstances of the election suddenly indicated that it would be more advantageous for them if they didn't have Joe Biden as the nominee. So Kamala Harris was rejected resoundingly by the Democrats in their own primary in 2020. Right. It's one thing for Republicans to really dislike a candidate. I mean, I know so many people who will say You know, I I I hated Barack Obama. I thought he was terrible. Yeah. But he was really effective at winning the presidency. Right? I mean, You know he was a once in a generation. That's The one thing he was really good at, Right?


I mean exactly. Getting elected as a Democrat, he was really good at that, at rad running campaigns. And as getting elected Kamala is, is is quite obviously bad at this. And people would say, well she was a senator and You know she was a senator before. Yeah. But she's a machine politician who's never actually faced any real scrutiny. And more than that, she's really a machine politician who represents the DEI wing of the Democrat party. And so she didn't have to be tested. You know, it reminds me of Roger Ales used to say a lot of people were correspondents to Fox News and they wanna be anchors. And not everybody should be an anchor. It's not the, it's not the right job for everybody. Some people are better field reporters and he used to say he just wants to fail upwards.


That is the perfect example of failing upwards. And that's her, that's her. She, she, she failed upward. I mean she's, she might be the number one, she might be the winner. A failing upward, which is kind of a success. So I mean there, she's number one at that. Right. But I mean, she though, you look back at her history, she transferred into Howard, she got into law school, it appears through a DEI program. She didn't do particularly well. She failed the bar exam. First time around, she got a job in the DA's office. She began an affair with a man 40 years, her senior, who was incredibly powerful in California politics. He helped get her elected as da and boom, Bob's your uncle. She was off to the political races in California, bright blue state.


And then we all know how she got selected as vice president. Yes, of course. 'cause Biden made that explicit in his very Biden way where he says the things out loud that most Democrats know to sort of keep quiet. Look, Kamala Harris also was a big believer in the jussie smollett hoax. I mean that this is the reason that we have instructions on opening packages that tell people like You know, don't put this plastic over your head is because they have a very, very low cognitive ability. And when you see somebody believing that Jussie Smollett was attacked by MAGA people on the south side of Chicago, I think it's fair to say that you're not dealing with the brightest bulb.


I I I think it's quite obvious that Kamala Harris was never up for this at all. And on top of that, I don't think, think You know. There are some Democrats who I would disagree with and maybe don't think are particularly gifted or bright, but I think are are fundamentally trying to be decent people. Kamala Harris is absolutely vicious and ruthless. The Kavanaugh hearings, which I remember very well, followed very closely and thought was one of the most grotesque things I've ever seen the Democrats do. Of course that was before some of the stuff that I've seen them do to Trump. And And I think that she never, there was never the accountability for her role in what unraveled as a, as a clear hoax to destroy a man, a good man in front of his family, his colleagues, and the whole nation.


That's right. So I think Kamala is, is a, is a person of, of no leadership, no character and no intelligence. And that Democrats put, and And I don't say that about all Democrats. I've never said Hillary Clinton is dumb character. Not her strong suit. She's not dumb. You know. There, there, there, yeah. She's not dumb. I You know, I call it Barack Obama's not dumb. I mean I really try to call it like I see it and, and Joe Biden actually pretty dumb, but very much good at the glad handing the grinning and the nonsense of 50 years in politics, running in a state where he is never had a real challenge other than just doing whatever the Democrat party tells him to. So Biden kind of knows You know, he knows his brief. We would say like he, he knows how to play the game.


Not a smart guy, but not an ineffective guy as a politician. Kamala Harris was absolutely never up for this. I mean, just think of the how offensive it is that she was running for president and that it was very obvious that the plan was don't have her do any media. Yeah. And spend a billion dollars. So other people can tell the public how great she is and not have her actually, at least Biden could pretend he was scared he was gonna get covid and dying. Quite honestly, he was actually at risk from Covid, given his age, Kamala Harris. It was let's just fool people. And the whole thing was so dishonest. It was, let's pretend that everything that she ever believed, she no longer believes. Well One through paper statements is issued by a campaign spokesperson.


Not even by her. She, she, she still believes those things. I mean, this is what I was, I was pounding against table on radio. I said, if you think that Kamala Harris has changed any of this, the moment she would get into office, you would get radical executive orders on the environment, on the, on the border. I mean all of these things. So it's not even that she changed last minute and can we see if maybe she's more moderate now or something. It was an out and out lie. And, and You know, I think that that finally was too much for people. And, and again, I'm, I'm hoping, I mean it's only, what is it, midnight now. So I'm hoping that we're not gonna find out in three hours that suddenly I know they just found dump trucks in Wisconsin full of Kamala Kamala ballots.


And they're gonna tell us, I know second Miracle 'cause you're allowed to count them. But for three days after the, after the election, assuming they were postmarked on the day of the election, just gonna give you the latest here, the New York Times latest leanings. They say Trump has a 95% chance of winning Georgia. 80% chance of winning Arizona. 73% chance of winning Pennsylvania. 72% chance of winning Wisconsin. Yeah. This is why and 67% chance of winning Michigan. That's all Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump, Trump. This is why it's so gloomy at Kamala Harris hq. And they're giving interviews Well, or at least comments to people like Brett Bear saying it looks like we're losing.


Yes, it does. It does look like you're losing buck. I gotta give you a, I gotta run, but I I'm gonna give you the last word. I'm, I am interested, you mentioned why you think Trump is winning the, the Stellar campaign. You think he's run explain. I I think that he showed more discipline, more creativity and more storytelling, more narrative this time around than we had seen before. I mean, 2016 was kind of its own magical thing because of just the nature of being this guy that came down the escalator and was really making it up as he went along. And the improvisation itself was, was remarkable. But there were clearly missteps and there were things that I think in 2020 they realized couldn't be replicated this time around.


So yeah, it was, it was the best version of Trump that that we've seen. I think that You know, he went into one debate and ended the candidacy of his opponent. Biden's age gave him a lot of help. But You know facts are facts. I think he did well enough against Kamala in the other debate. I also think debates are very much overrated. And I will say that the Elon factor in all of this is something that a lot of people will be looking at much more. Yes, it was Trump, it's his victory. It's his night assuming that it is a victory. But I think Elon was among the most important people with the purchase of X. Huge, but also huge to have the richest man in the world and the most important entrepreneur in the world go full red pill. And to have people like Joe Rogan who really do try to play it down the center say it's gotta be Trump.


Yeah. I mean it's gotta be Trump. Lemme tell you something, You know. Lemme tell you something about Elon too. Elon Musk, he voted for Barack Obama twice. He's not been a Republican. And then Elon Musk had a child who said that she was trans. I think it's a girl who transitioned to boy and he has said he got sucked into the medical community that said you have to affirm or the child's going to kill herself and all the things that we know that they're doing. And he regrets having done as instructed. And his child did quote transition, I don't know exactly the full extent of it, but his eyes were opened.


And that issue has proven very powerful. Even according to the exit polls today, And I do think it activated and began the red pilling of Elon Musk. I think it set him on a path that saved free speech in America. He bought X that led him to start taking in more conservative thought by following more conservative accounts that were speaking honestly about this issue. I mean, I watched it happen with him and I do believe he had a critical role in saving this election, if that's indeed the result that we're looking at tonight. All these things have a reason and as people wake up, they help others do the same. I gotta run Buck I'll the last quick word. Oh sure. I was just, yeah.


Okay. Well anyway, El led did a great job. Alright, all the best you guys stand by right now. We're gonna get back to Henry Olsen senior fellow at the Ethics and Public Policy Center and host of the Beyond the Polls podcast. Alright, Henry, what's the latest? Well, it's continuing to look fantastic for Donald Trump. You know 85% of the vote in in Pennsylvania, his vote margin continues to be sustainable even as Philadelphia comes in. And it's just really hard. Yeah, you can't call it, but it's just increasingly hard to see where she comes back.


And the same is true in Wisconsin. Would not be surprised if in the next three hours we are able to call the election. She would need to have pretty much a miracle that happen in all three blue states right now in some part of the state. And the miracles have not been coming up for her. So explain that because it You know they, there are still major cities like Milwaukee, like Philadelphia, I guess Detroit that could bring in a huge amount of vote for her. Are you seeing something that says she can't do that to, to You know, put her over the edge in these three? Yeah, well, yeah. The thing is that Philadelphia's vote is, is increasingly coming in that as, as we're talking, 86% of the vote is in, in Philadelphia.


Her margins are lower than Joe Biden's there, there are votes out, but there aren't a whole lot of them out in those areas. And there's Trump votes that are still out. You know, like Cambria County where they had a scanner problem that's gonna be like a 70% Trump County right now. But right now it's 50 50 because the only votes they've counted are the mail. Early votes You know. So you've got tens of thousands of votes left for Trump in rural Pennsylvania. So You know not gonna save her. Then you take a look at Milwaukee You know he's ahead by a hundred thousand votes. Half the votes are in and her margins are less.


And there are still Trump votes out in rural and suburban Wisconsin. Milwaukee can help, but she's not gonna get saved by that. Michigan is the state where there's not a whole lot in from Detroit right now. And that could very well be a game changer for her. But she has to win all three. The only way she wins all three is for something to happen outside of the big cities. That hasn't happened for her anywhere in the country tonight. And if that happens then maybe she can win all three. But it's not an odd, it's not a hand I would want to bet on. Even with massive odds given to me.


Talk to me about the mail-in balloting though. I think we're all feeling a little squirrely because we all got burned in 2020 thinking. Yeah, he's got it. Went to bed mail-in balloting changed everything. Yeah, well the thing is that the mail-in balloting, first of all is much, much less than it was in 2020. Secondly, they have been able to process it much faster. There is not, with, again the possible exception of Detroit, there is not that batch of 150,000 mail-in ballots left in Milwaukee. Those have been reported. The mail-in ballots in Philadelphia have been reported that batch does not exist anywhere.


Rich and Charles May wanna weigh in here. Standby. So Henry, The, the most important question facing us in this is this election, is it now looking as though your New York Post predictions are gonna be proved out or, or not? That's what we're all, all waiting to, to learn. The, my predictions in the New York Post are looking extremely, extremely good right Now. Henry, I swagger Henry, I saw it suggested about an hour ago that the Republicans might lose the house despite what we've seen in the presidential race and and the Senate.


Is that likely? No, it's not likely. The house is up for grabs. It's hard to go through the house in detail as I'm going through all of the other things. The house was on such a precarious margin and the House, of course goes to the popular, popular vote nationwide. And so Trump is gonna win the electoral college by winning small margins in high profile states. Republicans could keep the house, I'm not sure we'll know for a while because so many seats are in California that count so many votes late and it's just hard to know how they're gonna go.


But the house is still in play. The Senate is not. And it looks like my prediction that if Trump takes a state, the senator who is a Republican candidate will also take the state that looks like it's gonna come true. So if the current trends go, Republicans will have between 54 and 56 seats in the Senate, but the House will still be in play and we won't know until more votes, particularly in California and Arizona are counted. Henry, do you feel that the math is so bulletproof that the left will be unable to deny the results?


Deny the results? Any anyone can deny results? When George W. Bush won Ohio by 2%, people argued that that was because that the machines cast by the Dbol company had been manipulated by software and they actually challenged the votes on the floor of the house. Senator Barbara Boxer gave the Senate ability to have that challenge and they tried to overturn the election. People forget that, but that's what they did. They can deny the results if they want, but there is no justification for doing so.


Based on the trends we are seeing right now, the votes that are being cast are legal. The votes will produce a result that is demonstrably true, that is demographically consistent, that is supported by exit polls. They can do what they want, but I see any way that they can overturn this election and they would be only trying to rev up their base by following suit and doing that. Henry, why haven't we gotten a call yet in Georgia? The only call we've gotten is North Carolina. I haven't gotten a call in Georgia. I haven't gotten a call in Arizona. Right. And haven't gotten a call in Nevada. Well, Nevada hasn't released any votes yet because their rule is that they cannot release any early votes until all of the precincts are closed.


And so somebody must be voting in person somewhere, Arizona, only half of the votes have been counted and it's You know 50 50. There's no reason for a call in Arizona. Why the Georgia hasn't been called is beyond me there, unless the number of votes that people think are outstanding is much, much greater than is apparent on the AP call. It certainly looks like Georgia is outside of Kamala Harris' grasp. I think they're being ultra cautious because of the consequences. If they call Georgia, then they may have to call the election for Trump within the next three hours.


And they may not wanna do that until it's absolutely 100% necessary. They know they're playing with fire. George is big and he's had a steady lead and almost all the votes in. So yeah, we're all wondering, don't go too far, Henry, are are those your students behind you? We we're like, kinda looks like you're in an airport, like but that's your classroom, right? I, I am here at the invitation of my best friend Terry Hallmark, who's a professor at the University of Houston Honors College. So they're his students, not my students, but they've been here for five hours listening to all of this. And they deserve, they deserve a medal. Yeah, they're, they're learning a lot. Oh, well, Henry, so are we.


Thanks to you. All right, standby. thank you so much. Love Henry. So, so full of information. Wanna bring into this discussion. Victor, Davis, Hanson Victor. I mean it's really incredible when you hear Henry say, we could be talking about 55, I think you said the number 56. He did possible Senate seats. I mean this You know we're getting ahead of ourselves, but Henry's no slouch. That's, that's how he see, sees this election potentially shaping up. Who would've dreamed? Well, You know, in the last two to three weeks, there were all these indicators that were there. The Mexican American, Hispanic, Latino, whatever term we use, male vote was supposedly at polling at record highs.


There was a vast defection of African-American males, as we said last time in particular states there were, in Michigan especially, there was even division among the Muslim vote. There was problems with the ev mandate. There were even reports of the Amish were being recruited more heavily by the Republicans. I I had, I'm on a board, so I go to Milwaukee, And I. Remember in August and September there were people on the left that did not want to get, continue with the get out of the vote effort in inner city of Milwaukee because they were afraid that African American males were gonna be encouraged to vote and they were gonna lose 20 to 25%.


I'm just saying that again because Megan, when I looked at the vote, they were static, the polls, they were static and they never showed any of this. And it seemed that right, that laymen could see that something was going on. And, and that just begs the question, why Why didn't they do it? And whether they, they deserve it or not, their reputation is back to 2016 if that, because they were showing Bernie, Bernie Moreno losing by. And same thing with in McCormick and all of the Senate, they were basically telling us it was gonna be deadlocked or they were gonna lose. Republicans were not gonna regain the Senate and Trump was the last 48 or 72 hours, lost his momentum, et cetera.


So it really, it it's just this, I think it's destroyed the, the reputation. There were three, two or three polls in 2020, the Trafalgar, but especially this Brazilian pole, Atlas, Intel, And, then They had been right on That were at least on the margin of error, maybe not picking the winner, but on the margin of error, they were the top three. And yet when they consistently were polling pretty much what we're looking at tonight, and no one really took them seriously, they, they were seen as outliers. So a lot, I think a lot of people are, I, I think the polls are discredited. I think a lot of people saw this.


And I'm not saying that the, the election's over, we don't know what's gonna happen. But there was enough indications out there if a person looked at it disinterested and empirically, they could see that this was not going to be 2020. And it wasn't even gonna, it was gonna be better that for Trump in 2016, that probably will be Victor. The Hispanic vote is turning out to be the story of the night. Ryan Ger Dusky, he just tweeted out that Trump, we verified this ourselves. Trump won Star County, Texas, the most Hispanic county in America at seven 97% Hispanic by 16 points by 16 points.


The last time this county voted Republican was in 1892. And Trump just won it by 16. Here is Chuck Todd talking about the Hispanic vote tonight. Take a listen Look. Hispanic voters are swing voters. And I. Think You know what's interesting here is the Republican party treated, treated them the same way they treated white working class voters. They courted them the same way they treated white working class voters. The Democratic party has spent a lot of time treating it as an identity group. You know And, I You know whether it's Latinx, which sort of fell flat and, and so there's been a lot of hand wringing about this Inside democratic circles a real split like You know it.


It was a total misread sort of by the coastal strategists when it comes to how to target working class voters of color. And I think we're starting to see sort of a working class coalition start to drift to the right You know before Donald Trump had working class whites, now he's adding working class Hispanics and working class, not necessarily seeing evidence of working class African Americans. That's right. But adding working class Hispanics, that becomes a very durable majority. Fair point. Yeah, he's got a point. But of course he should look in the mirror because the greatest purveyors of Latinx and identity politics are people like Chuck Todd.


You got it. And the media in general, and, and we've been doing this, you And I have been talking for a year. And I. I, I've said that I could not believe that every Mexican American male over the age of 40 in this town that I live in, that's about 90, 95% was voting for Trump. And I had never seen anything like it. And they were mostly contractors, painters, shingle people. And they would come up to me and say, why aren't you talking about plywood You know it's a hundred and something dollars. Now one inch plywood romex is 10 times more. Who, who? Gas I can't even afford to fill up. Who are these people? And it was told denial. And the media was, is complicit in that.


And the other thing that's really ironic is we heard from a lot of people in the traditional Republican party that Donald Trump was a racist. He was polarizing. That's all true. That he was polarizing. But he did much better than the people who called him racist within the party. 'cause he outperformed. And he had before the McCain Romney wing of the Republican party because they, whether it was deserved or not, they had the stigma of aristocratic You know snobbishness. I don't know it was a stereotype. I didn't believe that. But that was the image of the Republican party. They were interested in capital gains talks, cuts, privatizing sec social security and You know muscular foreign policy that might include optional wars, some of which I am supported.


But this idea that Donald Trump of all people, this kind of supposedly obnoxious crude billionaire, was redefining the Republican party by substituting class solidarity that transcended race and identity politics. No one in the Republican party really believed it. And they kept saying that he was polarizing he was gonna lose it. The irony about all this, Megan, is if this Latino vote is even close to 50 50, the Democratic party will rethink their open border strategy. They really will. Oh listen, for two reasons, reasons, maybe Ally listen to, to this Victor, listen to this. Per Fox's Bill Eugen prop 36 in California will pass reversing Prop 47, which is that soft on crime initiative where they said if you steal less than a thousand dollars, nine 50, it's not a felony and you're good.


And that led to a whole lot more stealing. And finally the people of California got out in there and said, you people are insane and reversed this policy. She was asked as a Californian whether she was going to vote to support the reversal of this insane policy. And she refused to say, what a shock. I have a feeling you Victor Davis Hanson voted in favor of prop 36. Just, just just one more piece of it. It was sort of Bill reports that one of Prop 40 seven's architects, LA district attorney George Gascon, is currently losing his race by 22 points. Go ahead.


Well, if you go into San Francisco and you see something that no one could imagine five years ago when you see cars, and I've seen them a lot with the windows down a little cardboard placard said, unlock nothing here. In other words, if I'm not gonna get my window broken in by a thief, I'll let the thief go through my car instead. It's a lawless place. But it's kind of analogous to the recent proposition two years ago that tried to reintroduce racial identity politics and hiring. And that was refuted as well. What's happening in California is a kind of a first step. They're not going, they haven't yet evolved to get rid of the politicians that support these things.


But some of these politicians realize that almost their entire policy, whether it's the Green New Deal or no fracking, or 30 cents a kilowatt electricity or banning, trying to shut down nuclear plants, et cetera, high speed rail, it's 13 years. It's five miles from my house, Megan. And they haven't laid any track. It's full of graffiti and it's up to about $17 billion. Right? The 99 freeway right next to it is ossified at four lanes. It's the most dangerous, most dangerous freeway in the United States. Per mile driven. People are slaughtered on it every weekend.


Why they do this utopian experiment dreamed up in the, by the coastal elite. So they understand that their policies are not, are not viable anymore. Even in California, especially with 40, 45% of the population Latino. But they haven't made the next step yet. And that is to not vote democratic because as you saw from the popular vote in California, it's gonna go, it was heavily democratic. And I. They're gonna Have to do it bit by bit through little. We'll be lucky to have pro propositions. Yeah, but that's, that's a long road. Yeah. Victor got a run. Know you're busy tonight too. thank you so much for being here. Thank you. Say hello to your guest. I know them like Yeah, they're saying hello to you too.


Okay, rich Charlie. Maureen still with me now. Just a little update. So Scott Presler, our one man registration factory in Pennsylvania, saying that in Berks County, Pennsylvania, Trump gained more votes. Kamala lost more votes than in 2020. So she went down from where Biden was. Trump went up from where he was. Burt's County has a large population of, can you guess Hispanics? Yep. Yep. Dominicans and Puerto Ricans. It's really unbelievable. Obviously seeing quite a trend here. I don't, I don't know whether this will change a thing amongst the left, our friends and the left.


I don't, I don't think they know how to speak to this group in a way that will resonate. And just like, I don't think they're going to respond to the messaging on the trans issue either, which is at least half of the electorates said in the exit polls. This is too much. We've gone too far. I'm gonna see if I can get, yeah, about half of voters overall said support for transgender rights. This is how they put it. Transgender rights. That's some the nicest framing you can possibly do of it has gone too far. I mean, if you actually said, are you in favor of chopping off the body parts, healthy body parts of children who can't give informed consent, do you favor that we'd have in the nineties. But you tell me whether you think the Democrats can change messaging on this.


Doubtful You know the, the left as, as Mark. Halperin and his crew were saying Halperin and his crew are saying is probably just gonna double down and say, the problem with Kamala Harris is that she was insincere, didn't stick with, stick with the left wing positions and went around with the Republican who didn't deliver for her in the form of Liz Cheney. It's Gonna be be really fun when they blame it on Liz Cheney. Yeah, Exactly. Looking forward, I think it'd be perfect. But You know, the, the left has a lot to answer here for, for here. But also this is a major failure of the Democratic establishment. So you look 2016, they wanted Hillary Clinton wasn't Hillary Clinton was foisted on her. They wanted to clear the field for her 'cause they thought she was so great, horrible candidate. Maybe the only Democrat that year could lose to Donald Trump.


And she did. They got Biden right in 2020. He was the strongest alternative against Trump. And, and he wins. But then they went along with the crazy idea that he was fit to run again and gaslit the, the whole nation and then a flock to her. Right. A completely flawed candidate. And And I, remember you saying, I, I was on I think the day of the switcheroo and you're like, there's no way she can win. Right? She's, she's terrible and, and all aspects of this. And you ended up You know she she had her moments, but you ended up being Right. Right. But, but the establishment was all in And I. Think one one leak will here probably pretty soon if she loses You know a day or two later, someone close to Barack Obama saying, You know he always wanted a competitive process when, when Biden stepped, stepped aside.


Can I add a a moment in your chronology? I think you missed, and that is that Joe Biden won because he was the candidate you described. And then he allowed himself to be convinced Yes. Right. By progressive activists and historians who aren't really historians, or at least who weren't acting as historians, that he ought to run hard to the left and forget why wasn't he won in the first place. And so he goes from being Joe Biden caretaker, president Bridge to the future, a moderate reasonable man who can beat Donald Trump to trying to spend $6 trillion and going all in on the trans nonsense. And that's a huge shift. And just DEI in general, I mean, he totally bought into the left's culture war.


Right. In a way that, I mean, you see them running from it now, right? Like she wasn't touting that stuff No. On the campaign trail. You saw the New York Times piece saying even they acknowledged she's distanced herself. But you see, I think some voters have got wise to this because they saw what happened with Biden where he didn't run on it, but then he did it anyway. And, I've heard a bunch of people who are more moderate say, well, they, they don't run on this stuff, but then the bureaucracy implements it anyway. I mean, to to your initial question, which was can they learn from it? They probably have to lose more than one election to, to learn. I think you have to lose three basically before you change. The other problem they've got is they've turned a lot of their policy positions into these moral absolutes.


And the problem with moral absolutes is you can't compromise. I mean, if you think about taxes, right? We, we, we go in and we say, well, we want to lower them. And they say we don't. And then we come to some sort of arrangement. But if it is the civil rights issue of our time to cut off the genitals of underage children, you can't say we'll cut some off. Right? You have to Oh, you have to kind of go all in. And breaking that habit with them is actually gonna be very, very difficult. 'cause they have convinced themselves that this is disgracefully, that this is the equivalent of Selma. So they're gonna have to work their way out of that. But you're not gonna do that with one election, one by two. Well, but You know what's interesting, And I, like, I feel so validated by this whole thing because this issue was huge for Trump.


It was all over the, as we pointed out, the NFL ads and so on. It resonated. They knew that they were, were getting hurt by it. That's why the New York Times tried to drop a piece saying Trump did it too, which was a lie. She raised it in her interview with Brett Bair. Oh, he did it too. Which was not true again. But if they see that it's costing them elections, this is a very small group of people. They're very loud and very nasty. The trans activists, not trans people, but the trans activists. So I, I do wonder, because you're gonna have a tension between the Democrats who say, we need to win elections. And those who say, oh, but we've gotta bow bend the knee to these almighty activists who will make my life a living hell. And they will trust me. My years at NBC, they, if you did a segment on the trans issue without having an actual trans person as part of the discussion, glad would be calling you for a week.


And these news organizations respond to that. Nevermind these leftists. So they're in a pickle here, Maureen. I agree. I think that we're seeing a bit of movement and it's going to take a very long time. You know, it was within, I wanna say the past year that Pamela Paul wrote that piece for the times. Yes. That was big. That was big. It was huge. And since then, to see this become a flashpoint, I think it's gonna take a lot of time. But to Charlie's point about moral absolutes, and forgive my voice, it sounds worse than it is. It's kind of saucy. Oh, Thanks. I like to think it's very, to me more it is. I think, I think if, if, if things are going the way they look and Trump wins, what we're gonna see on the left is gonna be very dispiriting because they are going to say Hate won racism.


One. Yes. Misogyny one women's rights lost transphobia. One, and we're in for a dark, dark time. Their postmortem, I don't think isn't going to be about what they did wrong. Yeah. Right. And it's gonna go from Trump as bad to the country as bad. Exactly. Especially if he wins the popular vote. Totally. They Are garbage, Right? Yeah, yeah. FYI we are expecting Trump to speak at some point soon from Mar-a-Lago, and now just receiving word that Kamala Harris is not planning to address the public during the night, according to a person familiar with the White House spoke to AP and CBS also.


So Trump's gonna speak. She's not gonna speak. I don't know what he's gonna say. He's probably gonna declare victory. We'll see, I think he'll, he'll hedge it a little. But we're You don't think so. He don't declare victory if you're losing it's say it doesn't to victory. Exactly. Right. Victory. Exactly right. But it is amazing to watch sort of the moods change at the, at the various You know the various camps. I'm sure there's, it's very gloomy at Team Harris or West Palm Beach, Florida. That's Trump, because Kamala Harris is in Washington DC at Howard. The other thing I point I wanna raise with you, Maureen, is they will say misogyny one, and it will not only be because their women's rights issue, abortion didn't get the attention that they wanted it in electoral response.


But because she's a woman, they will absolutely play that card. Yes, Yes, they will. That is going to be very, very dark for us, for all of us. It's not because she was a woman, it's because she was a piss poor candidate. Yeah. That's it. She could have been a man. I mean, Tim Waltz is almost her in male form. You know, like he can't put a coherent sentence together. He's got issues with stories that he's telling. Yeah. And they, they hid him towards the end of this campaign, the way they were hiding her at the beginning of her campaign. That's Right. Anyone? Oh, look at this.


M-S-N-B-C just called Georgia for Trump. Wow. So there we go. Wow. Now was that this election on 2016? Just getting around to This too. Speaking of house races via the New York post. GOP representative Nick Alota defeats Democrat, John Avalon. Wow. Speaking of CNN in battle for New York won Long Island house seat. So that's one. Trump did go, he went out there. You know That's a wealthy area too. Trump went out to Long Island, he went to California and people were saying, what the hell? I was one of 'em like, what's he doing there? And then it dawned on me, this is about the house seats. Yeah. He's trying to get himself. Yeah. You know unified government. Yeah. A lot of them are, are New York and California.


So the swing congressional districts aren't necessarily in swing states, but if it's close in the house, we're gonna be waiting forever for California. I mean, it's just, it's Pennsylvania is bad. 'cause they don't process the early vote immediately the way they should and the way Florida and others do. It's, it's only government. Can you have people do something well in advance and have it delay the process? Yeah. The way it does in some of these states. But California You know someone could drop a ballot in a puddle. Someone finds it a week later and sh shows it to the registrar, and then they'll spend a couple weeks trying to track down who, who voted this and can we see any marks on it? And it just, it takes forever. It's a disgrace. We should know results reliably and quickly. Yeah. We're, we're like a third world con country when it comes to coming.


This is, by the way, one of many reasons. I'm very strongly in favor of the electoral college. Could you imagine? I mean, it looks like the popular vote's gonna be really close. Right? So we would be waiting for California for what, three weeks a month, two months before we would know who the president was. That would be a disaster. It's really, so we have a bunch of boys here tonight from my son's school. And when my eldest was in eighth grade last year, he's in ninth grade now. They had him debate, should we keep the electoral college And I? Think I told you guys this and he took the position. Do you guys have to do that? Yeah, they had to do it too. Were you, which side were you on? Electoral college. Keep it. Yeah, They're On the side of keeping it.


So was, so was my son. Yates was on the side of, of keeping it. And You know, they talked all about how absurd we would have no minority rights in the country. Right? They wanna get rid of the filibuster in the Senate. So we have no minority rights in the Senate. They wanna get rid of the electoral college. So we have no minority rights in the, in the country. I mean, hopefully Trump will win if he wins this race, he'll also win the popular vote. So we don't have to get into that absolutely inane discussion again about whether we should keep the electoral college, the whole foundation of the compact between the states. When, when the founders were kicking this around the, the smaller states, the states that were more rural, they're bigger in territory, but not as great in populations. They were like, what? Why do we need to join up with you?


Why? What's in it for us? Right. Well, we're gonna have a unified government. Well then the, you big states with all the people are just gonna come and take our land and take our things and tax us to the eyeballs. I'm not sure why. And they had to be guaranteed that they would have a real seat at the table and that they could stop certain things from happening. Anyway. It's just never gonna happen. Did I, did I, yeah. What do you think guys? Did I get it? Okay? Yeah. Yeah. It's like we have a live studio audience now with these Yeah. With these answers here. You know it's an inherent part of the federal structure. And people try and other countries try to shame us for this, but other advanced countries don't have direct democratic elections for, for president or prime Minister either. Yeah. I mean, so Canada, the last two elections, Canada has held the conservative party there has won a popular vote twice, and they've lost both elections.


No one ever says that in England, the Labor Party won, but the Labor Party, the last election won 33% of the vote and they won 400 seats in parliament out of 650. Wow. They have a untrammeled power. That's fine. By the way, that's the system. I'm not objecting to it. We, you, you live with the system that you have. But there's this bizarre idea that this is unique to America. It's not unique to America. So when they realize that they can't raise the electoral college, if Trump wins the popular vote, they will try to find, I don't, I don't agree with my legal panel that like Dave Aronberg that they're just gonna accept it. That doesn't sound like them. no, no. I mean, I don't think that all the Hitler messaging was fake.


I mean, it wasn't true, but I think it was sincere on their part for a lot of these Democrats that they genuinely believe Trump is this existential threat that he must be stopped. I just don't, I don't know what they're going to do. And I also worry because a lot of, I did a lot of podcasts in preparation for You know before we got in the air. And they were asking me, do you think that that they'll see this is a chance, like Elon Musk wants to work for us for free. You know we could have Bobby Kennedy looking at some things that he actually should be looking at. Not not all the things, but like there are some, there's some real value he could bring. Why wouldn't we say yes to that? Why wouldn't be excited that about that? Why wouldn't the left say, I'm not gonna interfere this time with endless impeachments?


You're shaking your head no, No, of course, of course not. I mean, they, they sincerely believe he's a, a fascist and as we're saying, they'll, they'll, this is a condemnation of the country. It's not, it's not a seal of approval for Trump. Right. It's a sign that, that the country is fundamentally corrupt, racist, and sexist. Right. And all the rest of it. And there'll be some objections in the house to certifying the electors, assuming he wins because he is supposedly an insurrectionist. And, and they, they will think You know not with totally without reason that their methods the first time around worked. Right. The, the way they'll square the circle if he wins and is inaugurated is because you can't for too long say the public is awful because you lose, they will say the public was tricked and we will get the biggest push on misinformation.


Oh God, that you've ever seen. If you think last time was bad, it's going, this is going to be the drive now. Right. So the first amendment's gonna be right in the cross has, they're gonna try and draw a distinction between acceptable speech, legitimate speech and misinformation. And they're gonna say the public is virtuous and good, but it was tricked by Trump and Elon Musk and billionaires and whatever that, that's my prediction for happens. That's actually a really good point. And they'll, they'll come after people in our lane. Yes. I mean, you heard, Oh, you're gonna get it right in the neck. I'm definitely gonna get it. We have a plan. But yeah, we heard Jen Saki on M-S-N-B-C last night. Do you guys, do we have that soundbite saying we're gonna have to do something about these annoying digital and internet purveyors of misinformation.


Let's listen. They're searching. And finally, let me just end with this. Our democracy is strong and the American people are fierce. But even if Trump is defeated tomorrow, he is exposed during his time out there. Some serious limitations within our system. And it may be time to ask ourselves things like whether social media platforms should have the freedom to operate at a lower level of accountability than local television networks in terms of the lies they can spread. Or whether the electoral college alone is the right way to determine who should lead this country, or whether just put out there a convicted felon should be eligible to run for the highest office in the land.


Those are some really important questions at some point we'll need to consider. But there's plenty of time for that. Those questions are not for tomorrow. Tomorrow's about answers. It's about finally learning how mu, how much protecting our democracy matters, whether morality and character matter. Whether our rights to make choices about our own bodies matter enough to enough of the American people tomorrow we will start to learn a whole lot more. So she would love nothing more than to have some sort of language police come into the digital lane to make sure NRO and the Megan Kelly show have to run our content through some sort of screening panel controlled by the Jen Psaki of the world.


Jen Psaki, who by the way, is such an honest journalist that she didn't even ask Doug Emh about the allegations against him when she had him sitting across from her. Jen Psaki, I liked you better when you were in the following very famous cartoon To dance the kitty cat dance. We need to scratch our kitty paws, stomp our feet and wag our kitty tails. We got the mermaid free. Yay. Yay. It's her. That's the way she speaks. Exact So true. It's exact so true. I'm sorry. But You know, she says sweet and the way she speaks and she says very pernicious things. Standby. Speaking of pernicious, Michael Knowles is here.


He's host to the Michael Knowles Show for the Daily Wire. I don't know Michael Knowles. I I know it's, it's annoying that they're not calling everything, but I am starting to have this feeling like we are vindicated in like literally everything that we believe. Are you having this feeling? It would be difficult at this point in the night. I know that the New York Times needle became infamous in 2016, but at this point in the night, You know the numbers have all just been moving in Trump's direction. Last I checked, he had something like a 91% likelihood of winning. So it'd be rather odd if the, if the graph went in the other direction. But I, I think the point you all were just making is so right.


The the left has seen this coming. Financial markets have been pricing in a Trump win for some days now. So the, the Washington Post and especially the New York Times, I think got in front of this story and they decided who they were going to blame. They were going to blame all of us. We saw a story in the Washington Post about how podcasters and new media companies or the cause of, of Trump's rise. And then the New York Times really hit us. And it hit me personally. I only saw this 'cause it popped up in my Google alerts. And I clicked the link to the time story in the podcast election disinformation flies on YouTube with no consequence. And my face was the middle of the banner. And I said, oh my goodness, what did I say?


I thought I've been pretty many things precise in my language. What, what did they get me on And then? I kid. You not, I searched in the article. My name did not appear once, they didn't cite a single thing. I said they, they didn't mention me. They just, my face was the center of it. Just The face misinformation. Like you're Just, you're adorable That right. Maybe it was just You know clickbait. They wanted to sell more. That's right. I'll take That's right. Regardless. He was a very successful young, it's rather young person's actor. I mean, I think that they remember they're like, get the famous one. Yeah, that one. That's ridiculous. You Know com. Compare it Meghan, compare that to the, the op-Ed. We saw after You know before the Washington Post tried to hit podcasters, Jeff Bezos said, we in the old establishment media are competing with podcasters and streaming and we have to win.


So I, I think You know did say that You know if Trump wins. I if, if it looks like the Republicans have the Senate, I'm hopeful that we're gonna hold the house. So maybe they'll be stymied in this for a little while, but they are coming after us. I, I think that the, the new media conservatives who broke the establishment media, we very well could be public enemy number one for the liberal establishment. Well that if they ke if they take control of the house, it could be a real problem. If they're not in power in the House or the Senate or the White House, it's less of a problem though they have these outside agitator groups that could be difficult. I just wanna bring this to you just breaking here. New York Times in every state where voters, sorry, in every state where votes are nearly complete, according to our estimates, Trump has improved his margin compared with 2020 in every state where votes are nearly complete, he's improved his margin compared with 2020.


Even reliably blue states like Delaware, Rhode Island, and Vermont have seen a Republican shift. If our election models, current estimates hold the presidential margins in New York and New Jersey will also shift nine or 10 points more Republican. Wow. Holy moly. Nine or 10. I mean, that ought to help on keeping the house in Republican. This is like this, if this is all true, this is a wholesale rejection of the nonsense that we have had shoved down our throats for four years. Michael Knowles talking about, listen, we launched this show four years ago.


We launched this show right in the middle of the race, essentialism George Floyd mania the nonsense around cops and BLM and the trans stuff was exploding, all of which is on them. All of which everything we've been doing to the young children that's on them dividing them by race. There's a school that was in the news this past week for saying, depending on who wins the election, hint, hint Trump, you can have the next day off fields in ethical culture. I'm talking to you. And it, that school divided kids by race in an exercise reported by parents and had them yell at each other or do some sort of nasty exercise. That's what's happening thanks to these guys.


And that's why a state like New York would turn on them 10 points. That's all part of it. The economic policies, Michael, the immigration, the busing of the immigrants up to places like New York. We've seen New York City overrun social services no longer available. This is, this is how you get deep blue states to say 10 points in the favor of the orange Hitler. Right? I never thought that Trump was gonna win New York. However, I was at MSG whenever it was a week or so ago, and there were about a zillion people there. I mean, there were 20,000 people fit inside MSG. There were probably another 80,000 or more just outside there.


Were broadcasting it on the side of Madison Square Garden. I counted something like a dozen protesters. The, the, the feeling even in New York. I, I said, I don't think we're gonna win the state, but it might help some of those tight congressional races. And it might give you this bizarre situation we have tonight where the margin in New York is slimmer than in Florida. You know the Kamala's margin of victory in New York is slimmer than Trump's margin in Florida. That's, that's a pretty amazing statement. And, and so to, to your point, Megan, you say this is a wholesale rejection of Kamala and what she represents. That's true. However, I wonder, once the fog clears, assuming the election does end up going Trump's way, we might look back and say, You know this election was a vindication of common sense.


Yeah. It turns out that when inflation jumps 23% in three years, voters don't like that. Turns out when you allow an invasion of your country, voters don't like that. Turns out that when you kick out the duly elected nominee of your party and replace him with a woman who is one of the least popular politicians in the country, never won a single primary vote while running for president. Turns out voters don't like that. You know, we've been so in the weeds on all of this. Some of us even fell for the Iowa poll. The outlier that came out a couple days ago said that Kamala was gonna win Iowa. But really You know, once the fog clears and you look back on it, you might just say, oh yeah, that was pretty common.


Sensical all, all along, kind of like the common sense that you shouldn't dress a little boy up like a little girl. You know maybe actually reality is reasserting itself at long last. Hmm. I mean, one can only dream. I wanna tell you that moments ago there was a Kamala Harris campaign spokesman who came out at her watch party at Howard University in Washington DC and said, she will not be speaking the headline on NBC live feed just now. Harris campaign vibe check. Not good. Steven L. Miller Red Ste. He goes by on x. Very funny. He is been on the show recently and he observes the following.


The entire girl Boss, I'm speaking, campaign sends a man out to speak for her on election night. Pretty good, right? Where is she now? Well, I'm getting such throwbacks, Megan, I I'm having such throwbacks to 2016 when everyone was waiting at the Javit Center in New York for the big Hillary party and she sends out poor Mr. Podesta. And he walks on that stage and he says, You know poor. I remember the words almost verbatim. thank you so much for showing up for Hillary. Hillary has almo always shown up for you and you're waiting. Here's the ellipsis except for right now when it matters most, where Is that show Up?


And you're getting the same same feeling from Kamala. You really are just taking a look here. Let's see. Vivek Ramaswamy exit polls show that threats to democracy was a top issue. M s M thought that meant votes for Kamala. It turns out it was exactly the opposite. Voters are rejecting censorship, lawfare and dishonesty. I mean, that is a question what You know what is in threats to democracy? They're the ones who try to get Trump thrown off the ballot. They're the ones who use lawfare to try to stop him from being able to run it all. I wonder, I'd love to dig deep in that poll. I have a feeling that the exit polls probably didn't ask exactly who the threats would be against.


No. You there, Michael? Can you hear me? There we are. I have you. I have you Megan. Yeah, You know the, the, i I wonder also just what we're going to get from the, the You know the pollsters afterward because they played this so safe and some of these margins were not all that tight. So You know, to your point, You know we try not to read the tea leaves of the exit polls too early in the night. I think now it's, it's a a little safer territory to do it. Yeah. But also You know, this was, this was a tough election to map out because the, the rules changed. Democrats changed a lot of the rules in 2020. They used Covid as the excuse to do it.


So you saw greater use of mail-in ballots. You saw a great expansion of early voting and ballot drop boxes. And, and so if you don't have precedent, it's very difficult to model in for the future. And so a lot of people are, are gonna end up with, with egg on their face. Though I'm, I'm happy at least at this moment, that, that right now it seems that you're seeing good news for the Republicans and, and proof that there is a real political realignment taking place. Yeah. If, if Trump is really pulling upwards of 20% of black male voters, that is an absolutely shocking number. If Trump is pulling 44, 40 5% of Hispanic voters in certain states, that is an absolutely shocking number that we haven't seen in, in 20 years.


You know, You know. There, there's always this talk about the, the realignment and the party that's has lost recently always touts the supposed realignment that's taking place. But it, it was hard to deny this time. The Teamsters don't endorse Kamala. The the LA Times doesn't endorse The Washington Post doesn't endorse Kamala. You, you've got, I don't know, just major institutional shifts. Elon Musk is a liberal. He endorses Trump. Joe Rogan is a liberal. He still is. Tulsi Gabbard, Bobby Kennedy You know. I think they can truly say in a way that isn't cynical or pandering and that is totally sincere. They did not leave their party, their party left them.


And there are a lot of people, there is a reason that Joe Rogan is the biggest podcaster in the world. He's speaking to your, your average American voter. And so the Democrats, if they're capable of it, will have to engage in a lot of introspection, a lot of soul searching after this. I'm not sure the state of their souls, in fact, You know that, that that might be part of the introspection too. But, but if they can, if they can bring themselves to do it, it would really help them. 'cause joy reads screaming about fascists in Florida and how the white women failed black black voters. Again, I don't think that that is gonna help them in 2028. I, I hope somebody, maybe it'll be me, does a video about how we don't wanna see your black woman tears like she did about white women crying.


I know. There white woman tears, And I laugh at them. She's such a nice person. Michael, a pleasure. Great to see you. A pleasure as always to be with you all. I hope that we're popping champagne in an hour or two. I know, I hope so too. I don't wanna get it too cocky, but yeah, it it's looking good right now, guys, one of the things that's interesting about the exit polls is Fox News exit polling showing Trump increased his support among white Catholics in Michigan to plus 24. All I can think of is the Al Smith dinner. I mean, I like, I don't know, but, And also she was asked about abortion and she said that there will be no exceptions whatsoever, which in practical speak means that her administration would've used executive power to force Catholic hospitals to perform abortions.


Yeah. And I just, I know personally as someone who's married to a Catholic, that that is just the worst thing you could possibly say. It's a hard note, You know, win them over. Right? You're Telling a doctor who's Catholic, he actually has to take the life of half an unborn child or, And that was the Holly Jackson interview. Another kind of sympathetic friendly interview. Well, she was trying to just elicit, well, can we have a little compromise on this? It's just, and Harris says, no, we, we can't. And just if, if Trump pulls us out, it, it'll be the, an enormous personal vindication. 'cause no matter what he said about 2020, I think deep down he realized he lost, he felt as a deep personal humiliation and to come back and, and win again. He was a legend before this for a lot of people in MAGA and the Republican party when he just won one out of two.


But after this, I mean, his personal hold on the Republican party, at least for the next year or two after this will be extraordinarily strong. I Think it'll be longer than that. I think this, it's the party is maga if they've become one and the same and everyone else is gonna have to fold in, in some way, shape, or form. It also, if this is the victory that we think it is, sets JD Vance up to be the next leader of the party. I mean this, like for me, it's unbelievable. I, I interviewed that guy a few years ago, you guys, and he was a little, forgive me, JD pudgy. He was so young. I mean, he honestly looked like he wasn't even shaving. He was also harsher about Trump than Charlie or, or he was ever were.


And he's, He was way more never Trumper than you. Yeah. Yeah. And by The way, I would, I don't know how statisticians could even conceivably do this, but I would love to see the number of voters who formerly identified as never Trumpers who pulled the lever for Trump. Yeah. Because I think there is a substantial number of them. And when you saw that rally at Madison Square Garden knowing that New York City's never going red, but that turnout, that wasn't just bridge and tunnelers, the Long Islanders, the new Jerseyans, but Manhattanites from the Upper East side and, and a mixed crowd that just said so much about where the country is going. And like you guys just said, this wholesale rejection of this leftist orthodoxy that's been shoved down our throats for the better part of four years and the rest of us being told that we're amoral cites if we don't get it.


Yeah. Also, as.