
Hi there. I'm a PBM. I'm also an insurance company. We middlemen are often and owned by the same company, so hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middleman paid for by pharma.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sunrises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call, visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank, any way you bank.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, Everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly. Show. Woo. What a week it's been. Just got back to our place at the Jersey Shore about 20 minutes ago. Slapped down some of the face paint, and I don't know about you, but I'm so tired. It's such a crazy week. How did Trump do it? I know it was long. Did you watch? It was long. Trust me. It was long inside the, the hall as well. But all I could think was he's 78, he's more than 25 years older than I am, and I wanna go to bed.


And I was not shot this week. I was just, I don't know where he gets the energy. A lot of thoughts on what we saw in Milwaukee. We witnessed history, former President Donald Trump officially accepting the Republican nomination for a third time. And for the first time since Saturday, he did publicly speak about the attempt on his life. It was a riveting moment. I mean, you could hear a pin drop in that room. When he started telling this story, he spoke in a different kind of voice. It was quieter. It was a softer tone. And I mean, there were people crying in the audience. And he told us exactly how it felt on his end and said it would be the only time that he would share his recollections of that moment.


The assassin's Bullet came within a quarter of an inch of taking my life. I will tell you exactly what happened, and you'll never hear it from me a second time, because it's actually too painful to tell. I began speaking very strongly, powerfully, and happily. I started to like this, turned to my right and was ready to begin a little bit further turn, which I'm very lucky I didn't do. When I heard a loud whizzing sound and felt something hit me really, really hard on my right ear, I said to myself, wow, what was that?


It can only be a bullet. Bullets were continuing to fly as very brave secret service agents rushed to the stage. These are great people at great risk. I will tell you and pounced on top of me so that I would be protected. There was blood pouring everywhere, and yet, in a certain way, I felt very safe because I had God on my side. This massive crowd of tens of thousands of people stood by and didn't move an inch. They knew I was in very serious trouble. They saw it. They saw me go down.


I'm not supposed to be here tonight, not supposed to be here. Yes, you're Thank you, but I'm not. The crowd was confused because they thought I was dead, and there was great, great sorrow. I could see that on their faces as I looked out. I wanted to do something to let 'em know I was okay.


I raised my right arm, looked at the thousands and thousands of people that were breathlessly waiting and started shouting, fight, fight, fight. Wow. It was really something. It was emotional. He's right. He, he should be dead. I mean, it was just such a fluke the way he turned his head at that last second. You've all seen those diagrams right on the internet, right? I mean, If, you hadn't gestured just a little bit to that chart. He called it the chart that saved his life. He would be dead incredibly. He's getting weird pushback from people on the left about referencing, God, these people are effing sick.


I'm sorry, but there's something wrong with them. Who doesn't believe other than a, an atheist that that was divine intervention that saved him. I just, do you believe he's that lucky? It was just a coincidence. I I just, I'm not even close to understanding that now the party and his nomination is officially over. I've gotta tell you, I've never seen, I mean, I, I have been going to these since oh eight was my first. I've been doing, you know, presidential coverage since oh four when I got started in this business. But I did oh eight, the Invesco Field and Sarah Palin and Minneapolis and everyone thereafter.


I've never seen the Republicans this enthusiastic. Never, never. And I know the left is like, oh, Trump's speech was kind of long and meandering, and therefore we have hope. Okay, if that's where you wanna go with it, that's fine. But the average viewer sitting at home is probably not sitting there for 90 minutes on a Thursday night watching every minute of that speech. They're probably just gonna see highlights of Trump. And they're funny and they're clever and they're very compelling, like the one I just showed you. And they've gotten clips all week of Kid Rock and Hulk Hogan. Fun. The Republicans are having a good time. JD Vance and others. Viva saying, you are part of our party President Trump, starting with that last night.


I don't wanna be president for half of America. I wanna be president for everyone reaching out to the working class, to blacks, to Hispanics. It's just not your grandfather's Republican party. And not to mention the things with the gold star families and the people who have lost loved ones to illegal immigrants and to crime. I was just, I thought it was a very well done convention. And that's what I think the people at home are going to take away now. Nonetheless, the lingering question is, who's his opponent? Who's Mr. Trump gonna face in November that is less certain than ever for timely? Yesterday it seemed that President Joe Biden was on the verge of dropping out. It still seems that way.


He's going to drop out. I've been saying this since the night of the debate. I stand by my prediction in that moment. But the Biden campaign is pushing back vocally, though, not as vocally as they were. The reports are, it could happen as early as this weekend, but now more and more people are saying Monday the knives are out for Mr. Biden from his own party. As one former Biden Aid told Politico, people who have known this man for 30, 40 years are stabbing this man in the front and the back. They are Julius Caesar, this man, but now it appears his inner circle. I'm in the inner inner circle. They're digging in their heels, fighting for him to stay and for them to stay.


I don't think that's actually what what's happening though. I'll tell you what I think is happening. I think he's going, and all along the pushback has been he's stubborn and he's gotta come to this decision on his own. So Democrats around him tried to help him do that by leaking certain things, but not the most devastating things. And as these three weeks have ramped up, they're leaking more. They're leaking the humiliating things. And now he's getting mad. And then late yesterday, we had a report by Malcolm Mark Halperin, a longtime inside DC reporter who put some real meat on the bones of the exit plan saying there will be one.


He could announce it this weekend, probably Sunday. He said at that point, and he won't endorse Kamala, he'll call for an open, open convention and then they'll slug it out. Then you got pushed back on the record from the Biden campaign. It's not true. No wrong. We're in it. They went on morning Joe this morning and said, it's not true. P President Biden's in it though again, less forcefully than we've heard before. And look, I don't have any inside knowledge. I just have my experience as a political reporter. He's gone. This is what they always do. They never say, yeah, the door's open. They say, no, he's in it. He's in, look what, look what Ron DeSantis said until he dropped out.


Look what Nikki Haley said until she dropped. They all say like, for the long haul, you know, he, it's not true. He can't. And we'll talk about why he can't. When two of our three pals from the fifth column join us, which is right now, Matt Welsh is here, and so is Camille Foster. You can find their work@wethefifth.com.


Hi there. I'm a PBM, I'm also an insurance company. We met 'em in, are off and home by the same company. So hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at pH phrma.org/middleman paid for by pharma.


Hi guys. Hey. Hi, Megan on Megan. We're missing Moynihan thanks to the meltdown in our technology. He's one of the victims who couldn't get on his flight. What a nightmare That thing is, the crowdsource had a bug And, it was updating the Microsoft program and now all the flights are canceled and medical facilities are being shut down. And nine one one's, it's just a nightmare. How did this become worse than Y 2K ended up being, I'm very confused by that. And also, how did you get out, Megan? I'm I'm sensing you, were you routed around the, the special bug that ruined all of Erica? We, I'm not gonna lie, Moynihan, I knew I had to get home to make this show. So we got a little puddle jumper and my team and I were on it.


So we managed to avoid and we lift last time Abby and I weren't on a puddle jumper. We almost went down. That shit was not safe. Anyway, today it was smooth sailing and our pilot sticker great to took great care of us. And we are here. I'm happy to tell you well and alive. So good day to do that, by the way. Right? 'cause it's a nightmare in the actual commercial airport. So lots of love and luck to all my fellow Americans who are dealing with this, not just Americans. It's, it's a worldwide thing. Okay, so let's move on. He not only is seeing polls, I mean drop through the floor, you know, we had initial polling that showed it, it was bad, but now it's just gone precipitously down.


And they pay attention. I mean, as, as the wave goes down for him, he brings down everybody who's a Democrat. So that's, I mean, that's why they're not just being nasty about it in the Democratic Party. They don't wanna lose the Senate, which they're going to. And they actually thought they might be able to take the house, which now, I mean, no, but they just, they, they don't want huge margins. They're like, what if there's 55 Republican seats in the Senate? What, how high could it go? So that's one the polling. But the money, the money's gone. You know, the Katzenberg news was huge. You guys, where he went, he's, you know, hit the, I think the biggest Democrat Bundler Hollywood movie producer went to Joe Biden and said, the donors are gone.


The money's dried up. And they were expecting some sort of shortfall of 50% for this month. Now they're saying they're on track for, sorry, they were only gonna bring in yeah, about 50% of what they had banked on. Now they're saying it's more like 20, 25%. So I mean, 75% of his funds gone in the wake of that debate. And his rehabilitation tour did nothing, nothing to soothe anybody's worries. So all that plus a unified Republican party and Trump being propelled things to last Saturdays, just dramatic and terrible. But then ultimately triumphant results for him, have them seeing a united excited, enthusiastic Republican party.


And I think the term is scared shitless. And that is why Joe Biden is going to go. What do you guys think? I mean, I don't, I don't know if I could have imagined so total a kind of reversal of fortunes in this campaign. I mean, after Trump lost those court cases in New York, everything looked pretty bleak for him. He was certainly doing some fundraising, but you had a sense that there was kind of just a lot of things for him to overcome in this election today after the debate performance, things were tight before the debate. But after the debate performance, this preposterous extended period of time where Democrats seemed to be pretending that there was just a single performance, a single day, a press conference, that Joe Biden could complete a bad night without, you know, dying.


That, that that would be the thing that could possibly correct the trajectory of this particular campaign. Had he dropped out after the debate performance and they found their way meandered to just another candidate, they would be in so much, be such, such a better position. But after the failed assassination attempt, and quite frankly, like after this incredibly successful RNC convention, I just think they are in a real, real hole. And I don't know, Meghan, I mean, I'm, I'm trying to think through exactly what might be happening with Biden and all of his various appic who don't want him, at least seemingly don't want him to, to drop out of this race. It, it desperately, it certainly seems like he desperately wants to stay in the job.


It seems like earnest, I imagine Jill Biden also wants to stay in that job. I won't pretend to have any secret knowledge. I've been expecting him to drop out for a while. I thought when he was sick, I was like, oh, okay. I, I bet he gets sufficiently sick that he has a reason to drop out. But it's, it's not hard to imagine that he really wants to stick it out despite the fact that he's more isolated than he has been throughout the entirety of this process. So it's, it's, it's astonishing to see, and also astonishingly to see astonishing, to see how well Trump did at the RNC. I mean, the speech was long, but I didn't get the sense, despite the fact that there is kind of reporting that suggest as much that people were bored in the room.


The fact that he sold this deeply personal and humanizing story, that that entire thing contrast so sharply with the caricature of Donald Trump by his opponents as some sort of self-absorbed hater. He spent an, an inordinate amount of time really talking about these other people who had been hurt and the, the families that were suffering and the efforts that were being made to try to raise money for them. And If, you just suspend whatever sense you have of Trump the character. And just think about a man named Donald who nearly died, who he came mul, I mean, millimeters away from being murdered, that that changes a person.


And he didn't seem rattled. He seemed kind of in control of himself. And I think it's important to just set politics aside for a little bit and kind of look at things in, in that kind of as objective a way as possible. And say, I mean, yeah, this is a guy who seems very comfortable in his skin and a party that seems unified behind him. And this is, I I think the phrase that came to mind thinking about this was kind of total victory. I mean, he's gone through m as you mentioned, this is the third time he is accepted the party's nomination. The other two times it wasn't, there wasn't a sense that everyone was really on board. But there is a sense now, re Republican party is truly on board with this guy.


This is not a, a lame duck, second term run. This is a, a kind of newly vibrant Republican party that, that seems to have real cultural power and influence in a way that they just have not in previous years. And it's kind of extraordinary to see it is, it's difficult to know how long this will last, but it certainly seems like enough to not just win him the White House, but win it in kind of overwhelming fashion if things hold in this particular way. Yeah. You know, Matt, the, the Democrats wanted to say, oh, there was no change in Trump because he went back to, you know, he referenced crazy Nancy, Nancy Pelosi and some other, and said he is gonna deport the illegal immigrants who are, are here unlawfully who hasn't seen Nancy Pelosi for years, saying the nastiest things one can say about Donald Trump.


She ripped up his State of the Union spe speech from the podium when he gave that State of the Union address. Right? She was on Bill Maher not that long ago anyway, twice impeached, twice impeached. Donald Trump, if I were Trump, I'd be calling her a lot worse than crazy Nancy, that is mild that he didn't have a personality transplant when that bullet hit his ear, that no one was expecting him to come out there like Oprah and start talking about healing our souls and trying to find a way to, you know, now that's not Trump. He is a fighter. That's why he had the fist up. But to ignore that there was a different side to him that he showed last night is to ignore reality.


He's still Trump, but he's, so this whole convention showed us a softer side of him that was interesting. So, I mean, the Democrats are gonna do what they're gonna do, but to try to say he's more divisive than ever because he wants to deport the illegals, which he's been saying forever, or because he called Nancy a name, which I think was the only name that he dropped last night, is dishonest. The, it was jarring or interesting, let's say to see the difference between his speech and his public appearances. Just like, he looks a little bit different in the, in the stands. Like he looks somewhat diminished might be the wrong word, but just sort of like he has, he had a different energy throughout the, the convention.


The difference between that and The, maybe you'll sign on to this matter, maybe you won't, but like, forgive me, it's like a weird one for Trump, but he looks kind of sweet like sitting there and the No, I want, I want you to think about your words now, Megan. No, Look At him. Look at here with his grandson. It's just going kind of sweet to see him reacting to his grandkids and smiling. But Look at, look at Melania in the middle of that shot though. That's perfect. Camille, stop looking. Melania for real Life. I'm just saying. No, she could not be any more gorgeous. I'm sorry. How is this woman never on the cover of Vogue, his first lady, but Jill Biden, Dr. Jill is basically dresses in a grocery store bag has been on. It's just very wrong.


Yeah, no. So the contrast between the, the Trump prerecorded spots, right? Every night they would have, and I, this is the first convention I haven't covered since 2000, right? And so I watched it at home as consumer, much more than you do actually when you're covering convention, Meghan, as you know, you're busy. That's interesting. You're doing things. So I actually watched basically everything and I was using like c-span feeds and, and live feeds. So I can see the band, you know, play 38 special songs the whole time and, and had a great time with all of it. But the prerecorded Trump bits were that old trumps like, they're gonna steal the election again, you know, and all this, and you can tell 'cause he didn't have the bandage on his ear. There was a, there's a full tone of voice that was different in those things than in what you saw from his speech last night.


Yeah, he played the hits, he started rambling. He ca I mean that was a long, long speech, the sort of 60 minutes in the middle of it when he was kind of departing from the teleprompter. But there is that they did a very careful job of stage managing this. And I think it was a, it was a, like a last minute after the assassination attempt, bit of stage managing, right? He ripped up his speech. He said he's gonna strike this note of unity, which he did certainly at the scripted top And, it felt as heartfelt as one can get from both Trump or a politician. You should never take all of this too seriously. But I was most impressed with the way, not just that we had individuals humanizing Trump, I don't know if I need to hear from another one of his golf employees at some point, like knocked that off please.


Or every single person who's ever been related to him. That gets a bit much. And that reinforces things that Americans don't like about Trump. 'cause remember, he's never gotten more than 47% of the vote. So an open question, and I agree with it, with both of your guys' analysis, but still, is that enough to get 'em over the 47%? But the thing that was really interesting to me was both a testimony from just normal people, right? But by normal, I mean normal, abnormal it's Americans. It was like, I've, I've been on this sort of patriotic kick since July 4th. The dude from Philly with a hat and the beard and the awesome accent, the gold star families who were just from everywhere, just like lot of of great tattoos were on display and we saw it was Amber Rose.


I know that's, that's controversial among another people. I thought that was one of the greatest speeches at the convention. Kid Rock I thought was horrible but terrible. And he's America, he just is, you know, there's, there's something to it. And, it gave a lot of people, I think a permission structure. And Amber Rose is probably the best speech that did that to say, Hey look, I thought this of him too, but the media lied to me and I don't have to love everything about him. But it's different than you thought. And the fact that M-S-N-B-C has been spending at least some or a lot of its time, concocting the most insane theories about like, there are Easter eggs of white nationalism when JD Vance is talking, it's incredible. Where he wants to bury his family. It's like, what are she great talking about Alex Wagner or that Rachel mad yammering on, on about the Lord of the Rings, like this narrative on the left forever.


That this is all about white nationalism. Dude, open your eyes and watch the convention. That was not a white nationalist convention. Right? See even like the, the competing religious figures last night, and I forget the dude from the Detroit's name, but also Franklin Graham, I mean, Billy Graham was always a Republican figure. And, and Franklin, He's like Billy Graham also great at the rallies. Franklin Graham looks just like Billy Graham and does who got, and, and yet who got the crowd amped up. It was our dude from Detroit. Like he was awesome and like that was he yeah. Was sort of the, the cornucopia of America that was on display. And I say this is someone who's not a Republican and don't plan on voting for Donald Trump.


But there is is un unmistakably a sea change in the makeup of the party and its appeal especially to what you might call just working class. And that has flipped, that has flipped in the last 10 years. And Donald Trump is the driver of that. And this convention absolutely cemented that. I mean, having said, you know, we've covered all these kinds. I can tell you when I was there at 2012 and Mitt Romney was nominated, you didn't see anything like so one Remotely. What happened last week when they took a shot at my hero, this is old star. And they tried to kill the next president of the United States.


Enough. Taking off the shirt is enough said, let Trumpia run Wild Brother. Let Trumpia rule again. Let America Oh no, I I have goosebumps. I have goosebumps. I, I I feel like I'm 12. Wow. Not not having a Biden's the Monster Harris's convention. No, God no.


Well maybe they get the rock. They get the rock to come out and he does. No man, He Sounds like a Trump fan. Remember that interview he gave to Fox News? I know he sounds like he gonna vote Trump this Time. Don't think he do. I don't think he'd do it, but if they got him, that'd be pretty close. This is sprawl. It's amazing. Who doesn't love the Huster? I love the Ho. I know. And it's good to see Trump on his feet looking happy. You know, he blows in The kiss kiss. Yeah, Absolutely. Wow. It was fun, you guys. It was fun. Remember? Like, that's wild. Like I said, this is not your grandfather's Republican party. It wasn't stodgy, it wasn't all white, which is what the democrats always say when they're criticizing the Republican National Convention. It was young, it was people from all backgrounds, all colors, all ages.


It wasn't all a bunch of white-haired people. I mean, at the, it was just, it was a good time. People were in a good mood. And you, you're attracted to that naturally, right? Like you look at, you're like, yeah, Camille, I I wanna be, I wanna be part of that club. Even Van Jones was saying something similar to it. And then David Arod di disagreed. But actually we have that, listen to this SAT 11. So that's why people Are so mad about it. We are like Minutes away, minutes away from Hulk Hogan, Dana White and Donald White. Who do They wanna run? Yes, let's talk about that. I wanna say, I wanna say we can have an academic You what If you. Something I wanna say, I say this spirit that this guy has, you guys think this 'cause he's drunk, he's not.


Thing is like this. And what, Hey, listen on the pay guys, the last time I was in a conviction that felt like this was Obama 2008. Yeah. You know, there's, there's, there's something happening where, wrote a headline, by the Way. What's that? You just wrote a headline with that comment. Just like Obama. And just like Obama, Trump is showing in this convention, he has the capacity to alter the composition of the electorate. That is the, the difference Between 2008 now is that Obama was actually popular outside of his own party. We, and that's not the case. I don't Expect, I dunno about that. I don't know about that. We're gonna find out. Yeah. What do you think? Yeah, I don't know about that. I, you know, van is an interesting person to watch in moments like this.


I'm, I'm remembering Van when he says about Donald Trump early on, you know, tonight was, tonight he became president there. There's a, an earnestness and a sincerity. When I hear him talk in these contexts, I'm also remembering him post debate with Biden when he was, looked like he was nearly in tears, contemplating just what the future looked like for the party, but also just the horrific performance. Like I, what he's saying there sounds about right to me. The cultural shift is, is kind of potent. It is hard to ignore if you're a remotely objective person. Even If, you aren't a fan of Donald Trump. So I, I I think that that what he's saying has a tremendous amount of residence. I gotta maybe you get ahold of him.


If you do Megan, make sure, pass me along his info. Actually, I got his phone. I'm gonna call him because, because I do want to talk about this. Can can I say quickly? I mean, Matt, you asked if, if Trump could get above 46, 47 in this next race. I think it's entirely possible. And I think there are two real reasons for it. I mean, one, he's clearly made gains in places and with people that he wasn't able to be success hasn't been successful with in the past. And I think you're going to see that in the polls. But even too, talk about reversal of fortune. There is a sense in which when you ask people, are you voting for Biden? And I'm, I'm currently on vacation with a number of my closest friends from college and their, their spouses. And we're all very good friends and all of them are decidedly left of center.


They are supporters. They don't wanna talk about politics. The, the kind of embarrassment that some people have had in the past when they talk about supporting Donald Trump is eviscerated at this point, the embarrassment that people have when they talk about potentially voting for Joe Biden. You, you've, even before this, you had people talking about if Joe Biden's brain is in a vat, I'm voting for that so I don't have to vote for Hitler. No one is interested in that kind of crazy talk at this point. They, they recognize that Joe Biden simply is not capable of doing this job and probably ought to resign at this point. And they have no idea who they're throwing their support behind. When they say they, they just aren't voting for Donald Trump.


You'll see a lot of people stay home. Maybe if, if it's, I don't know, I don't even who, who they front throw up. But if people are staying home and there's both an enthusiasm gap and a very real fact of Donald Trump having actually accumulated some material support from the communities that weren't supporting 'em before, I think you could definitely get up there above 50% and win both the popular vote and the electoral college. Again, there's a lot of weeks between now and election day. Things could change, but the momentum is all there. And he does seem to just be a lot more controlled and contained and the stock attacks that they've been using on him for years now, the white supremacist, racist monster, the hatred of women, it, it's not sticking right now.


And I don't know that they'll be in a better position to make these arguments later. These a couple of news items I wanna get in Biden, just giving a statement. Forgive me, I I think it was, it, it was issued either to politicals Jonathan Martin or he's just the first to report it. Quote. I look forward to getting back on the campaign trail next week. Wow. To continue exposing the threat of Donald Trump's project 2025 agenda. It's not his project. Geez. It's not his, it's the heritage. Okay. But fine. While making the case for my own record and the vision that I have for America, one where we save our democracy, protect our rights and freedoms and create opportunity for everyone, the stakes are high and the choice is clear together we will win.


I just, I don't believe one word of that and not one word. I don't think he's, this is, everyone knows we should cue up the DeSantis and the Hailey statements right before they dropped out. Ha we've all, this is how you have to sound until you say, I'm out. Because if he doesn't sound like this, then that last 25% of the fundraising dries up too. Plus it's his middle finger. You know, like, screw you. If I get out, I'm getting outta my own terms. I'm not gonna be bullied outta this race by Barack Obama. I did run and win these delegates, Baron Square. And I know people are using the term coup. I get why, I do get why. But the truth is, if the Republicans were in this position and this were their nominee, they'd be doing the same thing.


It's not too late to change horses. And why wouldn't they? If, if this were the Republican party, they'd say, yeah, hell no, we're not just gonna let them win the election when we could sub out this guy and get somebody else in. Here's the other thing, now we have three US senators on the record calling for him to drop out as the candidate the latest. And just for those who haven't been paying attention that closely, we had first the Vermont Senator and then we had, it was Peter Welsh of Vermont. And then we had John Tester of Montana. And now today we have the Senator from New Mexico, Senator Martin Heinrich, now New Mexico. That's interesting. 'cause that's one of the states reportedly now looking more and more in play along with Minnesota.


That's crazy. And New Hampshire and Virginia, these are all blue states. They're not purple. These are blue states that are looking more in play. So it's no accident. He comes out and says, as the third Senate Democrat that Biden should quit his campaign, yada yada, with all the, you know, flowery language around it. And then I'll give you one other data point polls, CBS news u gov, new poll out National Likely Voters. So we pay attention more than we do to register largest national lead by Trump over Biden in the campaign ever. He's up five nationally, up three in the battleground states.


To put it in perspective, it's been 20 years since a Republican presidential candidate has won the national popular vote. It's been over 30 since a Republican won it by more than five. The latest numbers show Trump at 52, Biden at 47 Trump leads with men by 13 points. 56 to 43 older voters, independence by 10 points, 54 to 44 and whites 57 to 42. But he's getting, at least according to this poll, 24% of the black vote. OMG. That's And don't, That hasn't know.


And and 45% of Hispanics Go ahead. Matt Also look at the youth vote too on, and I say this as a father of a 16-year-old, there's a lot of people gonna be voting for the first time. And there's a lot of people who are consuming politics for the first time. My 16-year-old being one of them on TikTok, which of course is dominated by the Red Chinese. But yes. What are they sharing on TikTok? These kids right now? It's Trump fanfic. It's crazy. You have no idea unless you are, have the unfortunate status of being a parent of a teenager, how much they're, they're making incredible memes and videos among young people. And you know, if you're gonna look at Megan, you're right like that, there's a, there's a sense of joy that's being communicated on the RNC kind of like, come on in.


This is fun isn, isn't it? That doesn't look fun over there. Yeah. And we're winners. We're winners. There's, there's a, a part of it too, Megan, you talk about Joe Biden like, you know, insisting that he's gonna be there until the moment that he's not. Of course they're going to do that. But what is striking and I think is ultimately damaging to the Democratic brand even more than everything else has been right now, is that Bernie Sanders did the same thing today and Morning Joe. It is that, well-known figures with the the Democratic Party are also playing the, oh, he's strong, he's our guy. He's the best possible person. And they're doing this all the way up until that moment when they will stop doing that, they'll turn on a dime and they'll try to convince everybody that Kamala Harris was the right person all along.


I, I really recommend everybody who's listening and watching this to read a piece by Martin Gory. He published on his own su Substack, he's the author of the great book from a few years ago called The Revolt of the Public, published it on Substack and one of Barry Wise published it, republished it over at the Free Press. It's a very withering take on Joe Biden's career. Mostly that I agree with. It's a little bit too mean. But on Joe Biden's career, but also like his streak of incredible luck first being tapped by Barack Obama to be the vice president and then like being the guy in place in 2020 when people were freaking out about Trump and also the progressive left. But he talks a lot in there about this sort of myth that the Democratic establishment created around Joe Biden instrumentally just to sort of like try to pretend that he was this great president, try to pretend that he was this guy that he, Joe Biden always had thought that he was, but reality had smacked him in the face.


'cause he was a lifelong mediocrity in the Senate who really, really wanted to be president all the time. And he kept screwing it up. 'cause he is not very good at that type of politics. And so they created this myth of this great infallible Joe Biden, the best foreign policy president that we've had at least since LBJ and maybe FDR all this crap. That is not true. And and he believed it, right? They created this edifice because they needed to have something with which to stop this Hitler from Hitler all over us. And so they project 2020 fiveing all the way down, which 2025, which is crazy. Like there is a Music every time it's mentioned like we need, So something, there's a Republican platform. You could read it like it's, it's, you know, right? The Republicans pretty simple.


But so the, the Democrats in doing this and also the media that sort of support the Democrats, they have exposed themselves just as much if not more to be part of this. People surrounded. Joe Biden for years told us that he was great. Told us that Robert Hur was wrong in saying that he was an old man who was baffled by events that that was terrible. That the Wall Street Journal was awful for reporting this and that really, he's the most vigorous person we've ever seen. You could do one hand pushups and whatever they all us balance for so for so, so long. And now we get to see this final lap of them continuing to sort of say this insincerely this is doing lasting damage to the Democratic brand. They are telling us noble lies in their minds.


And Americans have been no belied to a hell of a lot the last five to 10 years and are rightfully sick of it. Yeah, the truth is right there before our eyes. All right, let me take a quick break and then we're gonna come back and there, there's so much more to get to. I'm thrilled. I I miss Moynihan. I love Moynihan. But I have to say it's really nice for you guys to have the space to talk 'cause he's a talker. Shots five shots, five Words, God ears. Standby. We'll be right back.


Hi there. I'm a PBM. I'm also an insurance company. We middlemen are often and owned by the same company. So hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middlemen paid for by pharma.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve a banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank.


You can see on the chart that saved my life, one of the greatest charts I've ever sent. You know the chart? Oh, there it is. That's pretty good. Wow. Last time I put up that chart, I never really got to look at it. But without that chart, I would not be here today. Wow. It's really true. Welcome back to the Megyn, Kelly Show. Matt Welsh and Camille Foster of the Fifth Column podcast are with me. That was a great moment. I mean, that, that was seem, it seemed like a Genucel ad lib by Trump. Yeah. Who's of course got a good sense of humor and made everybody laugh and also a solemn moment.


And he's right without that chart, he wouldn't be here. And we talked about how he, he repeatedly referenced God and he was raised going as he pointed out, to listen to Billy Graham and going to listen to Norman Vincent Peele, the power of positive thinking. So there's no question Trump had religious thought and the belief in God repeated to him and, you know, introduced into his life repeatedly when he was in his formative years. I don't know exactly what his religious commitment is, but I know at least what I said. And then you get this little lecture from, forgive me, those bitches over at The View.


Like they can't, he, he almost died like five days ago. And this is where they went with in in response to that comment, I'm a Christian girl. When something like this happens to you, like this assassination attempt and you say something like, God is watching was watching me. That is a very unchristian thing to say because he's very narcissistic. What about, what about co which is what church? Is she going to a comparatory environment who also got killed? I don't know. I think some Christian, what about all those guys that got killed on Hey, Sandy Hook all of those people. Yeah. It's like, oh, God was watching me and not watching them.


There's something very, that's not very disturbing what he said. God should have pulled the plug on that mic yesterday. That's, that's, that's obnoxious. I I don't know what church she goes to. That is, that is how people of faith talk and the, and the intimation is never, he was looking out for me, but not those monsters. Right. It's no, he was looking out for me. It was divine providence. We don't know why he showed his grace on me. And, and in another instance, this was this tragic death. But it's, it's clear he did. And I wanna make something of it. I wanna do something good with it. That is a completely normal, insane thing for someone to say. It's totally consistent with what I hear Christians in my life say all the time.


And, and I just can't. I I have to imagine it's just kind of partisan, kind of mind warping that makes it impossible for them to acknowledge what is like plainly obvious to anyone who thinks about this for a couple of minutes. That's, that's kinda like Whoopi Goldberg insisting that she would love to have Jill Biden perform surgery on her because she's such a great doctor. She's a doctor. Yeah. It's just, I don't think she really, joy doesn't mean that at all. She doesn't get it at all. And it's like, you can understand it's not, oh, God cared about Trump, but not co Ari. It's ridiculous. I think most Christians believe God had other plans for Corey God called co home And. it had a different mission for him. And those of us who are left behind to grieve the one we love, struggle with that and feel sadness over that and wish it were different.


But, and sometimes it does question you, it causes you to question your faith and your belief. But most of us get to the place where we reconcile. We as mere mortals don't understand the plan, as you just said, Camille, but we don't think it's narcissistic to say thank you God, for saving me. I believe I too is part of your plan. It's so warped the way she thinks about this issue. But I do think it's linked, her reaction to that is linked to what you guys mentioned before the break, which is the way the Democrats reacted when Robert Hur pointed out. Well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory. Like they're so blinded by their hatred for Trump and their need for Biden to beat him.


That every piece of information is processed through that lens and therefore truth is totally erased. And their their zeal, their zeal to get others to see how bad Trump is. He's godless. Right? And Biden is the second coming on the other hand, manifests virtually every day and week in the news. Today's edition not only comes from the ladies of The View, I'll get your reaction on this, Matt, but from George Conway who is, I don't know if he's still a Republican, he was a very well-known Republican. But then he is, you know, part of the Lincoln Project never Trumpers. And he is convinced that, I guess he doesn't think the Lincoln project advertising was quite on point, which by the way, they're calling Trump, Hitler even post assassination that came out this week.


So he's decided to launch a different kind of attack on Trump, even though we were told by M-S-N-B-C and CNN and everybody else, that Robert her was in the wrong. Because you can't diagnose somebody, it's wrong to talk about mental state unless you have a doctor who can diagnose. And Robert her can't say poor memory. 'cause that's like playing doctor on tv. I give you George Conway's latest effort to stop Trump. Not simply eccentric or odd in a good way. He's unwell, mentally unwell in a dangerous way. He's indeed a pathological narcissist on a level we have never before seen. He's a malignant narcissist who is also a sociopath or psychopath. Jesus was too many people are afraid of talking about mental health issues, particularly Donald Trump's pathological lying.


It's a tion. It's the only way we're gonna lose is misogyny. Grab him by the pussy is racism. You had very fine people. Jews praise us on both sides. His authoritarianism, his endless quests for vengeance, his love for dictators. It may even explain his recent praise of Hannibal Lecter. All this is why I'm pleased to announce wow information of the Antis Psychopath Political Action Committee or Antis Psycho Pack for sure. Wait, just part two, he went on Morning Joe, the place that told us we don't make medical diagnoses on tv. It's wrong. Robert Hur wrong to say poor memory. When did you get your MD and what did he do?


Well look for yourselves. And once I started reading about personality disorders in particular, narcissistic personality disorder and antisocial personality disorder, you know, pathological narcissism and sociopathy, everything became clear. We wanna level the playing field on the mental states of the two candidates. Both of them are old, both of them miss state words. These are the DSM five criteria for narcissistic personality disorder idol. But here's the real issue. He is also sociopath. This isn't hard. You don't have to be a shrink impulsivity. I mean irritability and aggressiveness. Trust me, I'm not a shrink.


I he raped a woman. He's found by a jury to rape a woman. He's, yeah. And that's what we're seeing. And I think's he's had an advantage over these last couple of years that people haven't been seeing him. Wow. People just haven't been told by the absolute, like the, like principle lists, political hitman at the Lincoln Project. They haven't really just been told that Donald Trump is a sociopath. Thank you for this new line Or narcissist. They were bringing out this DSM chart in 2016. I remember it, 2015 maybe even, but certainly by 2016. Hey Martin as well. And I, it's, it's pretty interesting. I I, you know, whenever I see a new super PAC splintering from an old one, wonders what's happening behind the scenes in the, in the, the, the game for generational wealth, which if anyone who's seen the just gag inducing documentary about the Lincoln Project where they had cameras embedded with them, they're just fascinated by the opportunity, by getting everyone's sort of like sense of Trump hatred into, converted into a donation right now that they can create Rick Wilson and others a generational wealth for themselves and their families.


I thought when wa seeing their Hitler ad earlier this week, you're coming out with a Hitler ad after Trump has been shot in the ear that, okay, if you're making this Hitler ad, you are actually almost tele telegraphing your wish to be in the opposition. You think that generational wealth is better earned by re striking up the resistance again, right? Because when there's resistance 2.0, there's going to be people who are going to be all in inflamed and ready to convert that. What Are you saying? You're saying that they, they would like to see Trump win so that they can be in the paid opposition jumping up and down about Him makes me wonder about that as a possibility.


Yes, Meghan. And that was the feeling that I had because If, you were actually serious about the Hitler analogy. I just don't remember a lot of generational wealth being, being generated by Hitler's opposition. Right? Hitler's opposition died. That's what happened to them. So if you're just doing that now, again, after the assassination, after there's been at least a moment of people going, okay, maybe we're kind of going too far with some of these analogies. And they're like, no, that analogy is awesome. At a time when, you know, Joe Biden hasn't been ahead of a single poll at any time, really? In 2024, Harry Enson at CNN pointed that out at this point in the race four years ago, Trump had never been ahead at this point.


Now even before the terrible debate, Biden has never been ahead. If you're like doubling down on that right now, what does that say about your sense of strategy? It says to me that you're more interested in raising money, so you're gonna go and advertise this crap. And they, they did this George Conway crap on the ms on MSN BBC in Morning Joe. It's terrible. That group did, did raise a lot of money. Lincoln Project. I don't know how their fundraising is now. Can I show point this out Camille, before we go to break? Yeah. TR Trump. He probably is a narcissist. I think you have to be a narcissist to run for president. I really do. Yes. Just don't think like the average person thinks that they can do it and maybe they can't. Yeah, but that's rich. Okay. Speaking of Invesco Field and Barack Obama in 2008, literally with the Greek columns.


Wow. It was like a coronation it, everyone mocked it because it was so grand and over the top. Sure. Being a little in love with your own thoughts and voice. That's just a Trump thing. You said Camille, now was the time. That's what I'm hearing. I mean it, yes. It's wild. To go back and look at this again. And it, And it is interesting. I mean, to, to be, this isn't even particularly critical of Trump at some point. The guy who you're electing, it's gonna disappoint the hell out of you. It is interesting to think about these moments and what the reality was on the grounds like four, eight years later when things kinda hadn't all gone your way.


It's just worth keeping that in mind when you're kind of rizing. How about how great your guy is and how powerful and potent this moment is. Like, look at this picturesque. Unbelievable. Eh, okay, calm down a little bit. Calm Down. I, I will never forget, you know, it was like we went to that Republican rally was like Sarah Palin. Oh my God, she electrified. Oh boy. The whole audience, everybody. This is amazing. The, and then you go to Invesco Field, And it like, Yeah. Oh, Oh, they're effed, they're sure enough. We all know how that worked out. But it was the reverse. I mean, we haven't had the Dem convention this year, but does anybody think there's going to be what circus that the coronation.


I can't wait to get to Chicago to be totally honest. Like I'm, I'm So, I know. I hope, hope it's open connection. This clown call craziness. I can't wait. Like either way. It's gonna be interesting if it's Barack Obama. I mean, not if it's gonna be Joe Biden. Maybe it's can't maybe wait. Hear speeches are what, what are the speeches gonna be? What are people gonna say? Still like the energy, you know, like still alive. And if it's not so Bad, it's gonna get super fun to cover the fight. All right, standby. More to come. Quick break.


Hi there. I'm a PBM, I'm also an insurance company. We middlemen are often and owned by the same company. So hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middlemen paid for by pharma.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve a banker committed to your success. Call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank. Any way you bank


On a personal note, it's, you know, I mean, seeing Donald Trump get get up after getting shot in the face and pump his fist in the air with the American flag is one of the most badass things I've ever seen in my life. But, but, but look, I mean it's, you know, as, and I think look at, at some level as an American, it's like hard to not get kind of emotional about that spirit and that fight. And I think that that's why a lot of people like the guy Hmm. An extraordinary statement by Meta founder Mark Zuckerberg, who certainly doesn't sound like he's going to be getting involved in this election.


In fact, at the beginning of that clip, he says, the longer version I, I'm not gonna be getting involved this time with the Zucker bucks and so on and maybe some sort of an olive branch there to Donald Trump. But there was, wasn't as far as an endorsement, but it certainly, it certainly sounded like open praise. I mean, it was open praise. And you know what, it was a natural statement. Camille. Camille. It's like, yes, as an American you did watch that moment If you were a normal American and thought he is a badass. Yeah. And, and I don't know about Mark, like the new look, he kind of looks like someone at NSYNC or something. I mean, it's not a dis it just, It's sort of weird bon it that away.


But you can't forget that Mark is a Silicon Valley guy. And we have seen tremendous shift in the culture. I can tell the difference. But you've seen this tremendous shift in the culture of Silicon Valley. Folks like Mark Andreessen and various others. Peter obviously Peter Thiel obviously has a, a long history with Trump, although he kind of sounded like he wanted to stay outta politics for a while. Is perhaps at least at the moment, enjoying a, a bit of a victory lap because, you know, his guy, JD Vance and now Trump, who he was willing to support before anyone else, that people are doing it now. A lot of the embarrassment of, at least sounding open to talking about a Trump presidency or being kind of polite to Donald Trump in public is something that again, a lot of the, the kind of toxic implications of that have been washed away in recent days, quite frankly.


So it's not at all surprising to see Zuck kind of strike a more moderate tone when talking about this kind of thing. And certainly, I mean, Meta slash Facebook has no interest whatsoever in being seen as being particularly active in the election after the experience that they had, right, in 2020, Right I mean, they, they got involved with all the fact checking and so it was a nightmare. And now they've really deprioritized news on their site, which I think is a bummer because I know a lot of people were getting their news on Facebook. Now they're much more into softer content. But the point is, it certainly sounds like he's gonna be sitting this one out. And I think that's yet another good thing for Trump in the news cycle. No, we're not gonna have to see all of his money backing the Democratic candidate.


And this on the heels of learning that Elon is gonna spend 45 million a month to the Super PAC supporting Trump, that's a lot of dough. And that's just, we yet another calculation that the Democrats have to factor in. You know, they katzenbergs telling him, the money's drying up. You're not gonna have Zucker bucks, you've got Elon Bucks over supporting Trump. And not to mention all the others who are pouring money into the Trump coffers. He's just, you can't win without money. That's the bottom line. And there are four months left to go. Well, I mean, there's 80 days, I guess, until they start early voting. But let's just say, what is today? July 17th, August, September, October. Yeah. So we've got three, three months and three weeks left to go.


They need money. Yeah. Yeah. And it's, it's super interesting. I mean, I, I didn't even mention Elon when I was talking about all the various people in Silicon Valley who are supporting Trump, but I've, you know, been paying attention to, to some of the discourse there. And I mean, I think they're making a pretty clear and and understandable calculation. I mean, the Democrats with respect to the way that the relationship that they've had with Silicon Valley, most of the people making investments now who are publicly supporting Trump are interested in ai. The conversations around AI regulation around crypto regulation certainly been places where Republicans have made some inroads with tech investors and entrepreneurs, the community broadly.


And I think that they are banking on the future. And from their standpoint, even If, you aren't a, kind of died in the wool conservative, even If, you aren't particularly excited about the kind of economic policy that's being specifically articulated by someone like JD Vance. You may imagine to yourself, look, if my thinking is that the future of this country, the future of kind of technological innovation depends on the success of these particular technologies, then the people who are going to, to create the most favorable environment for us to do this work are the ones who are going to get our support. And a lot of them have looked at the two options on the table currently, Joe Biden and Donald Trump, and have made a choice for Donald Trump.


And I think that that's a, a rather important dynamic that won't necessarily be washed away if the Democrats decide to run someone else in place of Joe Biden. Yeah, It's not, it's no longer like stigmatized to be voting for Donald Trump. You've got so many rich tech executives, American entrepreneurs coming out and saying, me, you know, look at the cast of characters. Like I know that Amber Rose took a beating by some for getting up at this convention and saying, I'm voting Trump. but that took some courage, right? And she did it. And she represents a growing faction amongst women, amongst young people, amongst black people.


She's mixed race to say, I don't care what you say. I mean, like, we didn't spend enough time on the 24% in that latest poll, 24% of the black vote. It's huge voting for Trump. That's, that's it. It's over. It's, that is a devastating death now to any candidacy on the Democratic side. Now, I realize a lot of know-it-all say, oh, well that'll never happen. Zero chance that that'll actually happen on election day. But I mean, if he, if Trump gets over 18% of the black vote, Camille Biden's done, Kamala's done, whoever's done the You Cannot win is a dem without those numbers. Yeah, I mean, it, it seems pretty obvious his candidacy at this point is pretty much cooked.


I don't, I don't see it coming back. Only a matter of whether or not someone else can pick up the baton and manage to make some inroads there. But again, I just, well, Lemme ask you quickly, reason to Donald Trump, forgive me for interrupting you. go, because one of the reasons we're saying it should Kamala, if it's not Biden, is because black women are gonna be very angry if she gets passed over. Yeah. And yes, I mean, you, you know, black voters make up 13% of the American population. Half is female, the other half is male. Black men seem more inclined to give Trump a look. Black women seem firmly in the Democrat camp, not I'm, you know, not all of 'em obviously, but If, you just look in the numbers. And I don't know, do you think black men are like a huge constituency of Kamala Harris to where they'd be like, oh no, you know, you passed her over.


I, I don't see it. I just haven't seen, I've seen no evidence of that whatsoever. Like this, this particular support and interest in Kamala Harris. It wasn't there when she was running for the presidency herself. I don't think Joe Biden got a bump amongst this particular constituency because Kamala Harris was running. And quite frankly, I just don't know that she actually has all of the kind of cultural credibility that people imagine. There's this video of her going to, so watch the team USA basketball players kind of tuning up and practicing for their championship run. And folks looked kind of visibly disinterested in her being there in a way that they did not look when Barack Obama showed up.


So I think ultimately authenticity and cultural relevance are far more important than the particular traits that she happens to have. And the reality is that a lot of people just, she reads as inauthentic in a way that some of these other people do not. So I don't think that that's, I don't see a tremendous amount of support for that, honestly. So one of the interesting things when we've got Matt back, we lost him for a second, thanks to the technical glitches that are happening, is Mercury and retrograde, what is happening. One of the interesting things on the Trump messaging, and I've been waiting for this piece of his messaging, and finally they're doing it. His, the people running his campaign are top notch.


This ad is amazing right now it's just running on x it should get a wider ber I'll try to, well, I'll just describe it before it airs for the listening audience. It's like, it's in one of those sketch modes. You know, like, you know how you can make your, your pictures If, you hit different things, look like it's just been sketched out with a pencil. It's in that kind of format and it's very effective. And the thing that's so effective about it is it's Trump being inspirational, uplift not just uplifting, but like, this is how you get over life's challenges. Watch this. If I give you one message to hold in your hearts today, it's this, treat the word impossible as nothing more than motivation.


Relish the opportunity to be an outsider because it's the outsiders who change the world and who make a real at lasting difference. The more that a broken system tells you that you're wrong, the more certain you should be that you must keep pushing ahead. You must keep pushing forward. That's awesome, Matt. Great ad. Just a great ad and, and very much in keeping with the messages that we saw at the RNC this week. I was particularly happy to see, I think it was on the first day, it was to make America wealthy again, right?


People. I think this racial determin, the determinism in politics is so mistaken. Yep. Especially when it comes to immigrant communities. And there's immigrant communities in every single racial cl classifications too, which is, makes it even more absurd. But the people who come here to this country, including JD Vance's, wife's parents and others, yep. Yes. You're coming here to escape poverty, including some of the immigrants that Donald Trump talks less favorably about. But a lot of people come here to get rich too. Or like they come here to escape poverty and their dream is to get as wealthy as they can. It is the American dream. Donald Trump has always been an aspirational figure. It's something that his fellow elites looked down on upon him.


'cause he's an outer borough guy. He's not an inner borough. He didn't make it on the inside of finance and media and the stuff that you succeed in New York. He kind of came with some family help and got into real estate, which is always seen as a grubby business in New York among the fancy pants type of people. And he has always had this sense of connection with those. And this is part of the working class shift of, of the Republican party, which working class, like in the most cr definition are people like me. They don't have college degrees. And I'm not calling myself working class. That's just tickling a joke. But who doesn't have college degrees? Well, lots of immigrants don't have first and second generation. So usually by the second generation they do.


But the first ones don't. A lot of people of color or however we're calling whatever minority communities today, also a lot of Hispanics. And this sense, the Democratic party for years was coasting on this sense of that Hispanics will always be with us. And of course the black vote will always be 90 to 10 or something like that. There's no reason to make that automatic. And a lot of the ways that this changes, not only in this country, but in almost every western country that you can think of where there has been a populist takeover. We have seen, and Patrick Graffiti, the pollster has talked about this a great deal. You have seen a shift in working class allegiances from the left parties to the right parties. 'cause the left parties have become more elite in their tastes, in their sort of sense of condescension in their treatments of culture.


And the right has just been more kind of like, Hey, everyone's welcome. Right? That's what you're, that's what the left told itself for a long time that it was doing and that it was supposed to be doing, but it's not actually how this's going to be. I was struck yesterday and again, all throughout the, the convention of one of the notes that was hit, which is that, you know, we can speak whatever we want. No one told me, I couldn't say anything in this speech. We're nev. Donald Trump is never gonna tell you what to say because how do people experience everyday normal people experience that kind of cultural elite condescension that they hate It is when they say something and they get corrected when they're, when they're sort of forced to recite something they don't necessarily believe during a human resources meeting at work.


It's these little things. They hate to get their language policed. You feel that our listeners at fifth column have been telling this, this from day one of our podcast. They hate those experiences. And so people can recognize that because the cultural side, not necessarily the Democratic Party at all, although that comes into it too. But the cultural side of the left has been telling people what they can and cannot say. And, and human beings hate that. Like, stop doing that. Well, Americans hate that. Yes. It's, It's not in our cultural DNA. It's special. Yes. Yeah, no, I was, I was thinking about it because truly that, that's one of the reasons we live here, right? Like we, we were born here and we were born to parents who came here and all of that.


It's baked into who we are. We don't wanna be told what to think, what to say, how to say it. If, you wanna live like that? Go live someplace else. That's not the United States of America. Every country has its own culture and some are weirder than others. When we were over in Sweden in June, they told us that all the kids in K through 12 call their teachers by their first names. I was like, What? Ew. I mean, we do not let our kids call any grownup by their first name. It's just, it's a no. And a lot of our friends would be like, oh, you guys would probably come over. You'd be like, I'm Camille. And I'd be like, no. And my kids know that. So it's a nice thing to offer. But just culturally in the United States, we don't like to be told how to speak.


And Trump's been, you know, the champion of that on the working class point. Can I play, this is one of my favorite moments of last night, Steve Krakauer executive producer was on the floor and he said it went over huge with people around him. And this is yet another appeal that Trump is pushing and a new pitch he's making that we should not be taxing the tips that service members make. He gave us some insight into how he decided to offer that pitch watch. Now we're having dinner at a beautiful restaurant in the Trump building on the strip, and it's a great building and the waitress comes over, how's everything going? Really nice person. How's everything? Oh, Sarah, it's so tough.


The government's after me all the time on tip, tip tips. I said, well, they give you cash. Would they be able to find him? She said, actually, and I didn't know this. She said, very little cash is given. It's all put right on the check. And they come in and they take so much of our money. It's just ridiculous. And, but I said to her, let me just ask you a question. Would you be happy, If, you had no tax and tips. She said, what a great idea. I got my information from a very smart waitress that's better than spending millions of ballot. And everybody, everybody loves it. Waitresses and caddies and drivers and Pretty good, Pretty good.


And and it's interesting that Joe Biden has kind of an analogous proposal in some respects his like top down federal rent control that he is proposing. And one would imagine that there might be similarly kind of enthusiastic support for this. But, but It's like, good luck with that. That's so, that's so impossible. And, and also anyone who has a, a, a slightly well-informed understanding of economics, you've got a little bit of under experience with rent control. We know how these policies frequently don't work and backfire in important ways. I mean, Donald Trump has just has a stronger hand with a policy like this. I mean, frankly, I'm thinking about how I can find myself in a position where I can just accept more of my income and tips because that would be better for me too.


So there's a way to figure that out. And they don't craft this law in a very careful way. Maybe I'll benefit from that too. Sounds pretty good. But it's just, it's just great. It And, it sounds organic and it's, it's another one of those moments where Donald Trump is kind of shooting from the hip, creating policy on the fly in this really organic way. And, it has, it says a great deal about like where the campaign is drawing e where it's drawing its strength from at the moment. And where a, a more elite establishment campaign run by Democrats at this point is drawing their strength from. And, and it's interesting to wonder like about a situation where you've got an opportunity to have either Brad Pitt or Mr. Beast come and do like remarks at your convention.


And we are in a moment where Mr. Beast's probably a hell of a lot more valuable than Brad Pit Pitt like, and that is what you see on display. It's so much of what was at the RNC And when you talk about like the memes and kids you got, like, That's what the energy got. So you got Hulk Hogan, you got Kid Rock, you've got this blatant in, you know, on the nose, reach out to the working class voters who are coming home to Trump in droves. This was never a traditional Republican voting block. And I will say I do th I said this before, but, and so of others I do think Trump's you know, rough language, which I also share as listeners to the show now I can't locker room talk is the lawyers locker room, right? Locker room talk.


Yeah. No, I don't go perverted. I just go, you know, with the, I got some choice four letter words that I like to use here or there Anyway. Trump uses those and I think that's like his New York City construction, even though he is a rich guy, it shows people and you know, it is authentic. You know, he's relatable, he's funny, he's doesn't take himself too seriously. And he did make a funny reference to this problem in, in air quotes last night, listen to Sat four. He Wrote me a note recently. I have a lot of respect for him, sir, I love your storytelling. I think it's great in front of these big rallies, but sir, please do me one favor. It won't make any difference. Please don't use any foul language.


I was a little embarrassed. I said, he said it won't make any different. Actually it does. The story's not quite as good, but I've been very good. The story is not quite as good to be honest. I've gotta have a little talk with Franklin. But he was great. My father would take me to see Billy Graham at Yankee Stadium. He had the biggest rallies you've ever seen. He was a good rally guy too. But I love Franklin Graham. I think Franklin's been fantastic and I'm trying, I'm working so hard to adhere to his note to me. I'm working hard on it, Franklin, He's so, like, he's just naturally funny and witty. All that Trump appealing. I just don't think, whatever the, the speech was long.


That's not gonna do it. Kamala Harris, she can't, she's incapable of that kind of a moment. You guys, you've seen her on the swearing alone. Not that you have to swear to be president, but on the swearing alone, you saw her at like that event they sent her out and she tried to drop an F-bomb And. it just looks so a so inauthentic turfy, right? Yeah. It was like, oh, trying too hard. Alright, so let's switch back to the dem side again because I ha I wanted to play this in the midst of Halperin's reporting and not just Halperin, but the New York Times also reporting Biden's going, he's like, the pressures amping up could happen this weekend. I'm putting it in stronger terms than the Times did. But there's no one saying he's not going other than his campaign manager, right?


So like the on the record statements are he's in. And I even morning Joe this morning was like, mm, can't see how this goes forward. I mean even they appear to be accepting. It's one of the five stages of grief reality. But here was Jen O'Malley Dillon, she's his reelection campaign chair this morning on M-S-N-B-C. Is Joe Biden still in the race? Absolutely. The president's in this race, Joe Biden is more committed than ever. What do You say to Democrats who say he can't Win? We've definitely seen some slippage in support, but it is been a small movement. The American people know that the president is older. What they're doing is they're saying to us, can he do it?


And the president's saying, yes I can. He's absolutely in it. What does Joe Biden and the campaign say to those who continue to say he should step down, including incredibly high profile names like Chuck Schumer and whispers from former President Obama? I think every person believes that we have to defeat Donald Trump. We are united in that. So Is there any chance that the president gets out of this race at any point? He is in this race to win and he is our nominee and he's gonna be our president for a second term term. That's just a thankless, thankless job. You know, it's ka Jean-Pierre, or whatever her name is, had said in interview a few years ago.


It's really, really hard to have to lie for your boss in politics when they're in the middle of going through hell. And let's remember she used to represent John Edwards as his spokeswoman. So yeah, I cannot can see that. It makes it, you could tell by, by her hands by the way, at the beginning of that clip, like she's doing, those of us who have old people in our lives who are going through different things. They use little like physical mechanisms to try to get their, get their words out and to, and to not panic with Joe Biden. It's, they use the word anyway, like, just to cut off a sentence, when, when Jill is putting up cue cards from the audience. So she was doing that with her hands. Now it's, it's it, it is so like an extended cringe moment, right?


Like I was last, I thought last night was actually the worst of the four days of the RNC. 'cause I actually enjoyed the other days of the RNC, which is not, I don't enjoy major party political conventions very much in general. I find them to be mostly cringe. And I found this one to be mostly not for me. The kid rock was, was cringe 'cause the lipsy was really bad and I didn't need to see his belly and a bunch of other stuff. But it was cringe that lasted four minutes. We're now on how many weeks since the debate we are in this extended slow motion cringe every single interview with a guy, every single completely insincere spokesman doing something with their hands. Every Bernie Sanders comment, every Barack Obama saying one thing publicly and then another thing behind the scenes and is a rich friend's ears is all this cringe And.


it all sort of reminds us of those things. Remember they said about the Hillary Clinton servers moments and some of the things about it, one of the reasons why that was so damaging is because it reinforced what we already knew and didn't like about her. Right? What we're seeing from the Democratic party right now is reinforcing what we already know and don't like about the Democratic Party. That is a deadly thing to be playing in a presidential year in July. Yeah. Yeah. It, it is interesting. I do Wonder. So, so what, but let, but let's talk about real realistically what they're gonna do because there is a split in the reporting. Last night, Halper was saying he wouldn't endorse Kamala and would call for an open convention, but, you know, might say nice things about Kamala and then the second report that came out said no, he would endorse Kamala.


So they don't know that's obvious. They, they, they actually don't know. And he probably hasn't made a decision on that. And look, I should point out there's some, you know, 5% chance, you know, crack adult hunter and the daughter with whom he took the inappropriate showers and the power hungry wife who clearly doesn't wanna let go of her Vogue covers and trips to the G seven. Ours telling him don't go, hold on. You've got the delegates, you know, like is a crazed cartoon, super villains who are gonna come out forcing them. You'll do it. That's still possible. But I, I do think, you know, not likely because they want the Joe Biden Presidential Library and they want the money that comes when you leave office a superhero as opposed to a supervi.


So we'll see. Anyway, how is it gonna work? Because now you're hearing maybe Kamala will choose as her running mate, possibly Josh Shapiro of Pennsylvania. Like if she, she gets the anointing and she'll have this white guy from a critical, you know, blue wall state, but he's Jewish. So would Americans vote for that ticket? Or I've heard smart people say no, it'll be Kamala, Gretchen Whitmer. I'm telling you right now, the American public's not gonna vote for double estrogen on a ticket. It is not going to happen. We couldn't even get one woman on the ticket. Right? How are you gonna get two women we're gonna go from, you know, yes, Kamala Harris is vice president, but we've never been able to have a female president.


Now we're gonna have a double, not gonna happen. We're not there yet. But there're like abortion. There aren't enough single women in America to make that ticket happen. There just aren't. And those and men, what the, like the court, like, only the soy men are gonna vote anyway. So what do you see happening? Because already reportedly, reportedly Gavin Newsom is now saying, I don't want it. And reportedly Gretchen Whitmer saying, I don't want it either. These people wanna wait four years and then throw their hat in the ring. So you're left with the North Carolina governor, the Kentucky Governor Beshear and the Pennsylvania governor. Some people are saying might draft in somebody like Admiral McRaven to run with Kamala.


I don't like, where do you see this going and what would help? Yeah, it, it is interesting to see how, how awful an assignment this has become. 'cause you had a palpable sense after that debate that lots of people want to take this job. They want the opportunity to run against vulnerable, unpopular Donald Trump post assassination, post RNCI don't know that that kind of enthusiasm exists, and I don't believe most of the things Gavin Newsom says, but at the moment when he says he doesn't wanna run, he doesn't want it. I imagine that he doesn't really want this, that he imagines he would be in a far better position running against anyone other than Donald Trump at the moment, four years from now. It's just a really bad position to put yourself in.


I do think, just as a practical matter, Kamala Harris is almost certainly the best candidate for Democrats to run. Not because she's uniquely popular or because the polls say so, but because what you want to try to avoid is a really gross, nasty fight that takes a long time to sort out If. You don't have to go have a brokered convention. If Joe Biden can look at his heir apparent and say, you know what, I can't do this, but she can, I believe in her that that's kind of the best possible way to move forward from here. But given the way things have worked for Democrats and how everything has unfolded, to the extent I'm making a prediction, and this isn't, you know, me forecasting it would be for the worst possible outcome for them, it's a brokered convention.


Definitely not Kamala Harris. Joe Biden doesn't endorse her and kind of drags this out even longer than what the current reporting suggests. And someone is sent up who ends up being the sacrificial lamb in November and kind of obliterating their chances maybe of running again in the future. So it just, it it's the way things Up between a rock our place. I disagree with the right honorable gentleman from his vacation layer. I think it would be both best for Democrats and best for the country if they did. Exactly. Camille's nightmare scenario, which is to put a better spin on it, I think If, you run Joe Biden, he's going to lose, I think If, you run Kamala Harris, sh you, she's going to lose.


She's a bad politician. She has failed upward spectacularly throughout her career, but she is just nails on chalkboard to the general population and kind of always has been. So I think what you do is you acknowledge that and you say that's not good enough just to say, oh, we don't want to piss off certain constituencies within the Democratic or like think that we're gonna piss them off. It's an assumption rather than something that they actually know, by the way, sort of elites trying to figure out what this all means. I think instead you say, all right, we got five, six weeks, let's have a competition. Let's have a, let's have a scrum. Let's make it all super high profile. It's gonna attract a lot of attention.


It will. And and at the end you'll see, I mean the Josh Shapiro is a pretty good candidate. You saw his remarks after the Butler assassination and killing. It was great. Like that's how, like you want your executive politicians to act in a moment of high stress like that, that was really a nice job. So go ahead and compete. Maybe someone rises above because I think as much as we've been singing, it sounds like the praises of Donald Trump and the RNC, which is an interesting and, and compelling performance. And he definitely has had on a, a lucky streak, you know, as much as you can have having a bullet hit you in the ear. But he's had a streak of good, good political fortune. I I still think that there is a ceiling on his support.


There are things about Donald Trump that people can be reminded of that they don't like. That happened to me watching the cam, the watching yesterday in particular, but watching the RNC, like, I don't need to see every member of his family. He has a nepotism issue. He does. Mm he has a lot of people saying like, you know, trying to make him super relatable by saying that, you know, you know, the great Donald Trump told me that I had capability and, and, and potential. That is good. That's part of his personality and that's part of that great ad that you showed there too. But some of it sounds like the great man bestowed me with his attention. It's creepy. I don't like it. I don't like that as an American either. As much as I don't like about people being told what to do. Fair point. So, so there, there's a ceiling and If, you make a good, an actual competition and someone actually rising and wins a competition rather than is the receptacle of what the wise elders tell us who needs to run, then I think you might generate some interest.


Certainly more people will be watching and paying attention to such a competition. Make it a reality show. You're running against Donald Trump. You gotta come up with something. If they run Kamala Harris, they're fun. She's gonna get s smart. The Democrats used to be fun. They're not fun now they're boring and they're hateful and they're infighting nonstop. Here is what I and reliably cons, the the anti-Semite Ianna Omar puts this out, but she's not wrong about some of her points in this. First she's mad, she says, I can't tell you how, how shameful it feels to hear all these leaks about what democratic leaders are saying and to not have a single one of them out here confirming or denying it. She's right about that.


Yep. Pelosi, Schumer, Hakeem Jeffries, now Barack Obama, you know, where are their balls? She says it's a lack of leadership and it's making all Democrats look bad. Whatever this mess leads to will not undo the damage that has already been inflicted. May God help us all. Can I tell you, I think she's hitting exactly the right tone. Where are the balls? Like they're just worried, I guess about that point we made at the top, which is he's prickly and you can't force him out. You know what? You can because you've got the in good conscience clause that will allow the delegates to separate from him. Like just step it.


Why are we all pretending he's fine And? it just has to be his decision. Why isn't it my decision? He needs to go, I don't wanna be governed by this infirm man and I don't want him having power over my children's wellness, whether it's with the nuclear football or the draft, whatever it is. The big buzz that I was hearing among some of my Republican friends at the convention was, do you think Biden's got the nuclear football right now? Or it's back in DC Like it's not with him in Delaware or is it with, and you know, it's a great question. Who does have the nuclear football right now? Who do we want to have the nuclear football right now and what does that say about the current state of our president?


Yeah, yeah. The long, the longer this goes on, the worse it gets for Democrats and certainly for the Democratic leadership who have just been talking out of two sides of their mouths and who are dutifully leaking this stuff to the press. I mean, I don't know if we'll Have, yes. So where are the balls? You tell me, Camille, where are the balls? I I don't have any idea. I'm not sure why they imagine playing this game is actually good for them. This is absolutely abysmal, Right? I just like, I, I realize there's not necessarily a party elder who can just go in there and rest it away from, from Joe Biden. But if you're gonna take him out, you know, do the coup, like I understand why people use that word then. What is it like, you don't wanna be seen as a coup leader. You wanna be loved and you wanna look like I was totally team Joe.


It's just the COD, the V took him out. It's so sad and people are supposed to believe that Matt, like what's the long game of these people sticking the knife in behind the scenes? I mean the, at this point what Democrats use as their kind of truth tellers are James Carville and Bill Maher. That's not great. I like both those guys, but also they are not elected politicians. They're people who like self-evidently speak their minds. And that is so rare seeming among yeah, the Democratic coalition, that shouldn't be rare, right? That's just sort of a normal thing. You should be able to blurt out. Honestly, in fact, that was at some point seen as an advantage of Joe Biden.


Remember he blurted out in support of gay marriage as he was vice president. I think it was pretty stage managed, but whatever he was, you know, he would just have things come out. It just wouldn't necessarily always be as helpful to my point of view as that particular one was. But you don't have these sort of blunt truth tellers, the rise of Bill Clinton in the nineties and the sort of third way Democrats that was supposed to be kind of that lane, right? They were going to tell the new truths to the old kind of labor union Democrats that, hey, look, you can't just spend money forever. You can't ignore crime. You can't ignore illegal immigration. Go back and read the 1996 Democratic PR platform at that convention that would make Donald Trump blush with how restrictionist it was.


It wouldn't actually, he's incapable of blushing, but you get the idea. They, they had this sort of sense of, and some of it I'm sure was, you know, triangulating And, it was kind of pandering in its own way. Sure, yeah. But it was also to kind of like prick those little bubbles of, of like, let's stop pretending that X and Y are not true. Democrats don't really have that character at all. I guess it's John Federman, right? Yeah. John Federman has that ability. If he ran for President Trump would be in for it. That would be a totally fascinating contest. That contest Actually would be an interest. Boy, he's changed so much. Let's lemme tell you this. Chris Coons, who is, you know, as, as Benji Saland of seven before, put it as as close as it gets to messaging from inside the White House.


He's a top Biden ally and he at, at an event in Colorado today, said, Joe Biden is weighing who the best candidate to beat Trump is. Quote, I am confident he is hearing what he needs to hear from colleagues and from the public. You know, more and more, okay. And as, as this happens, you get Joe Biden's campaign just issuing a statement saying they cannot wait to get out there next week. They, they're so excited to get back on the campaign trail, you know, setting dates, right? Like, I look forward to getting back on the campaign trail next week to continue exposing the threat of Donald Trump's project 2025. I read it earlier, my team for kicks did pull some of the DeSantis and the Haley stuff.


Okay? This is a reminder and all this is unusual, but these are also primaries. This is kind of still primary season for the Democrats. So it's, it's relevant. Normally when you're at the general election phase, no one's dropping out because you wait until election day and you find out who won and who lost. You know, I said on Twitter last night, is this, is this the first election? You know, anyone can remember where one candidate is beating the other so badly that the other candidate drops out before election day. Like it just waves the white flag and says, I it's over. I realize we're gonna cut our losses, try to sub in a new candidate. I've don't remember such a thing. Okay, so listen here just for kicks. Ron DeSantis dropped out on January.


Oh, okay. So keep in mind he dropped out on January 21st, 2024. And now listen to these remarks. In the days prior to that If, you don't finish second in Iowa, there's gonna be pressure for you to bow out of the race. Would you do that? Oh, we're, we're gonna, we're gonna, we're gonna take Iowa. I'm not worried about that. We're in this for the long haul and we're built for the long haul. It's not dropping out of this race tonight or Tomorrow, no matter what fair we're going, we're going on. This one's January 15, we're This, we've been built for the long haul. It's all about the accumulation of delegates. Even If, you come in third place tonight, there's no chance your campaign is dropping out. Is that what you're saying? There's no chance We're in for the long haul. We're gonna do Well, I know the media likes to do the speculation. I'm, I'm excited just asking the questions.


I'm excited, I'm excited for the votes to come in because that'll be the first real data point. Is There any way Ron DeSantis drops out before the end of March? Look, my, my goal is to is, is is to win the, win the nomination. I, I told my people this from the very beginning. I don't want to be vp. I don't want to be in the cabinet. I don't want a TV show. I'm, I'm, I'm in it to win it. Are you in through the end of March? Do you have the money and the staff and the ability to compete through the end of March? Yes. On that a hundred percent. That was January 18th. He dropped out January 21st. I mean, this is hundred percent how, and I'll give you Nikki Haley. All right, just as a reminder, here's Nikki Haley.


She dropped out March 6th. You're gonna hear her first January after she lost New Hampshire, then February after she last South Carolina. And then the last one will be March 5th, super Tuesday. And she dropped out the very next day after the last soundbite here. Now you've all heard the chatter among the political class, they're falling all over themselves saying, this race is over. It's going well. I have news for all of them. Woo. New Hampshire is first in the nation. It is not the last in the nation. This race is far from over. I said earlier this week that no matter what happens in South Carolina, I would continue to run for p I'm a woman of my word.


I'm filled with the gratitude for the outpouring of support we've received from all across our great country. But the time has now come to suspend my campaign. I have no regrets. Okay, just a reminder, they all sound completely bullish on their chances and their longevity and staying in until the moment they say peace. I'm outta here, so we're on. Forgive me, but it's kind of like a death watch, not an actual death but campaign death Watch. Right now.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Hi there. I'm A PBM. I'm also an insurance company. We met 'em at our off and home by the same company. So hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy. That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middleman paid for by pharma.


We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sun rises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success, call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank any way you bank.


All right, we're gonna kick it off with Steve in New York. Steve, thanks for calling in. What'd you think last night? I thought the, the intro where he started his speech was great, the empathy and all that. He, he did ramble on quite a bit, but the reaction I've heard is that, you know, the Democrats, they're so deranged, they're just gonna hit abortion with JD Vance. It's wild. I think they're, they just don't know what they're doing. They're crazy. Do you, do you want Joe Biden to drop out? I, I don't know. I I don't think either way they've got much of a chance, honestly. Mm. But didn't, it was, we've At the convention, you guys that Trump and all the other speakers, they did shift from mentioning Biden Trump said, I'm not gonna speak his name, mean he spoke it once or twice, but they, they were very much more focused on Democrats and their policies, which is the smart move.


Right? Like, don't make it about Biden. 'cause they, they don't know who he's running against at this point. They, they did talk a lot about Kamala Harris and her job, particularly the border. Yeah, yeah. Throughout the convention, They're gonna, we'll be hearing a lot about her as the borders are, if she becomes the nominee, let's go down to Texas from New York to Texas and we'll talk to our friend Leanne. Leanne, what's on your mind? Hi, Thank you so, so much. It's awesome to hear you. I just wanted to say it was so refreshing to see his family because for the last three or four years, all we've heard are all these bad things. And, it was nice to kind of remeet his family and there's, you know, I, so I was pleasantly surprised and I really enjoyed it.


Take that Matt Welsh, she liked seeing the family. She didn't think it was a nepotism issue. She delighted In it. Oh, I love, I love seeing the kids, especially the grandkids. The one who's obviously too tired to be awake and, and doing all of that. No, it's, it's more of Eric and Dawn Junior and, and Laura has a reason to be there, but it's a little bit embarrassing from my point of view that she's the head of the RNC like daughter-in-Law. I don't like to be reminded of how you, she's A co-chair of the RNC, she's co-chair, which does matter. But's doing her piece of the RNC work the way you'd want somebody to do it. Like, I actually spoke to a former head of the RNC about this, and this person was like, it actually makes perfect sense to me because, you know, the other guy, forgive me, I can't remember his name right now, but he can do all sort of the technical stuff and she can go out there and raise enthusiasm and raise, you know, money and donor and all that in any event.


Got it. You didn't wanna see fellow Trump members out there, but Leanne disagrees. Matt, let's go to Nevada, where Trump is leading six points, seven points, depends on the poll. It's pretty crazy. And David, David, what's on your mind? Hello, ma'am. Thank you for having me. I, I don't want Joe Biden to drop out. I want him to see it through, because if he drops out, they're gonna canonize him and I will not be able to take the coverage of how great he's been for 50 years for the next six months. Fair enough. Gentlemen. David's got a good point. Does he not? It's already starting, they're like teasing him with it.


You know, you could be the Messiah or you could be the evil devil. Like it's up to you. I mean, I, my sense is that the Trump campaign certainly doesn't want him to drop out. They want him to stay as long as Possible. Oh, they're like co it's a co This is deeply wrong. Yes, I agree. Okay. Thank you for calling in Kurt in Florida. Hey Kurt, what'd you think of last night? Hey, Hey Megan. Yeah, I, I ended up halfway through Trump's speech, turning it off and going to bed because I thought that was a better use of my time. Totally. So I would say I really wish Trump would've, would've spoken more to the haters and, and what I say that he could have done two things.


Number one, refuted a lot of the garbage out there and, and made himself kinda look more, magnanimous is maybe the wrong word, but I think he should have said, look, I wanna talk right now for the next couple minutes to the people who think the shooter missed or, or were mad that the shooter missed because there was a lot of stuff on social media still. And he should have said, he should have said, look, don't. And he would've got booze from the crowd, you know, blah blah. Now I would've said, look, don't feel, don't, don't be mad at them. Don't hate them. There are a lot of youthful idiots out there. A lot of people have been lied to for eight years. And I'll just speak to a couple of the lies. He couldn't briefly reminded people about Charlottesville, about the whole blood bath thing and said, look, for those of you who hate me, I, I I I think it's misplaced.


And, and he could have really hammered the narrative if he had done it the right way and addressed several, several of the misinformation issues out there. I I just, I kind of think he missed it. I think, you know, it's, he, it probably didn't wanna be defensive. I'm sure he was, I think that's right. Instructed to try to be right. More positive and forward looking. But Trump has a general, you know, instinct to go defensive. They said, I did this, you know, and they, I I take your point. I wanna get to Megan. She's in Oregon. Megan in Oregon. Tell us what your thoughts are. I am a registered Republican here in Oregon and I am a You're the one school counselor in our school district here.


Okay. And What, What'd you think of last night? What did you think of the convention? Oh, I thought it was amazing and I was wanted to comment on the DSM comment that everybody is wanting to say Trump has a narcissistic personality disorder and, but he cares about us. And If, you look at it, I would wanna see him in a therapy session, but I doubt highly he is trying to do malice to this country. And yes, I hate that my profession is looked at as only one sided. And I'm heartbroken interesting at that because it's all of the citizens that are listening to these lies and they're getting manipulated by what some people wanna say is mental health.


When it's, it's not. And I'm watching some of the kids in the transgender and I'm just passionate about it and I live in a heavily blue state. And so, oh my gosh, Man, fight the good fight out there. That's, that's not an easy battle. Listen, I gotta wrap it 'cause we're coming to the end of the show, but thank you for what you do and stand strong. You're not alone. You might be alone in your more right-leaning politics in Oregon, but there are millions and millions around the country who have your back. Guys, what about that? You know, I kind of gave some thought to Trump and for sure he's self-promotional in the minute we have left. But I think as president we saw a guy who, whether he was doing it because he wanted his legacy to be great or because he loved America, it was kind of irrelevant to me.


He, when he's in there, he wants to cut good deals that help us and what the particular motive for it is never really much mattered to me. Am I wrong? I mean, I think especially last night, the fact that he didn't spend a lot of time on the defensive trying to defend his own record. He was talking in mostly hopeful and optimistic ways about what he might be able to do for the country. Certainly didn't come across as overtly narcissistic last night. So I I I think that those two callers, it's an interesting juxtaposition that I don't think that, that it's a huge issue, at least in terms of the presentation then Yeah, I, it's like Dr.


Laura always says just do the right thing. If he does the right thing, I don't really care why he's doing the right thing. You guys always do the right thing and that's coming the show. And bring your witty, insightful commentary. What do we know if Moynihan, we have, have we had proof of life? I haven seen Any since. Assume death. Terrible. He's, he's the first, the class throwing back clo tails. I'm sure it's Fun, you know, he totally is. He's probably listening to us somehow right now. Thank you guys. Great to see you. You both. Good to see you. Thank you Megan Meghan. Alright, we would love to hear from all of you. It's Friday and we put out our one email of the week. We never bother you. We just put out our one email, our American News minute.


You can sign up for it by going to megan kelly.com and there you will get edition number two. Not only of all the weeks, you know, antics, but of St. Strudwick antics at the Jersey Shore. He might actually be getting worse. Have a great weekend. See you Monday. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear. Hi there. I'm A PBM. I'm also an insurance company. We middlemen are often owned by the same company. So hard to tell apart. We control what medicines you get and what you pay at the pharmacy.


That's why today more than half of every dollar spent on medicines goes to middlemen like us. Middlemen are driving medicine costs and you don't know the half of it. Get the whole story at phrma.org/middleman paid for by pharma. We all have our own ways of getting business done. Are you an early bird powering through emails before the sunrises or perhaps a night owl? Strategizing and planning long after the office lights dim, however you run things. Atlantic Union Bank can keep up. No matter your business size or industry you deserve. A banker committed to your success call visit us online or drop by an Atlantic Union Bank branch to learn more Atlantic Union Bank.


Any way you bank.