
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. And happy Monday. Gosh, is it Monday? Where do the other days go? This summer's ending. Oh, it's that time of year where you feel kinda like, oh, what happened to this summer? But you know what? The fall is great. The election season's gonna be exciting, amazing tense. An an incredible news event, as it always is. And, you know, putting on those sweatshirts and getting the fall nights with the fireplaces, that's always something to look forward to. So whenever God closes a door, he opens a window back to the election.


This race has been completely upended in the last 48 to 72 hours as independent presidential candidate Robert f Kennedy, Jr, RFK J Don't you feel like we go way back with him? This audience and he were together back in, what was it, March of 2021, Steve Krakauer, where we put him on. Nobody would have him on. He was totally banned. It was March of 2021. He was banned. He was on the persona non Grotta list at the White House, was putting out the disinformation dozen. And we put him on for four hours. And can you believe he did come back? Or was it 22? Okay. He did come back to life.


He was banned on Instagram, on all social media. And he's been very kind and crediting the show with helping that door reopen to him. It was absurd. They were banning this man from public conversation. You can love him, you can hate him. That's your business. But banning a, a serious person like this with a lifetime of environmental legal activism behind him, not to mention his Kennedy name, because his ideas are too controversial, is just crazy. So it's thrilling to see him back in the national conversation. And boy is he ever, it's not thrilling If, you are a Democrat. You're the, the Kamala Harris supporters are very angry that he's back in the national conversation.


He dropped outta the race, well suspended his campaign. That's the way they all say it these days, though. His seems to be a little bit more of a real suspension than an end. And he threw his support behind former President Donald Trump on Friday night in a barn burner of a speech, my gosh, one hour he railed and ripped. And if you've been paying attention to the news cycle and the censorship and the, just the disgusting elite cabal that runs the country and doesn't give two craps about most of us, it was wonderful to listen to him. And I don't know whether you know, Tucker was on the show last Thursday. He talked about his interview with Callie and Casey means, which was amazing.


You should go listen to this in full. And RFK j referenced it on just 'cause RFK j is running now on, not Maga, but is it Maha Maha, MAHA, Make America Healthy Again. And it's playing right into some of the messages from that podcast from Callie. And Casey means to brilliant brother and sisters who have been trying to sound the alarm on how the Medical industrial com complex has sort of merged with Big Ag to get us sick and then charge us to make us well. But they never make us well enough to actually get outta the cycle. So anyway, all of this fired up RFK j who's been railing about this for quite some time and has injected a whole new, not just endorsement for Trump, but line of argument for Republicans in this whole race.


Joe Biden took the cancer moonshot. It didn't work. People are still getting cancer, even though they told us he cured it. And this is a new thing altogether. People care about public health. You remember Peter Atia when he came on this show? He wrote the book Outlived. It was on the New York Times bestseller list, I think for 14 months. This is a strain in the American culture right now that is growing with rapid and rabid fervor. Americans are catching on to what's being done to them with processed foods and seed oils and a, a medical complex that doesn't care at all about wellness.


They just care about their bottom line. Sure, they'll cut off your child's breast at age 15 'cause it, it pays well. They will perform open heart surgery on you without talking to you about nutrition because it pays really well.


So anyway, all of this is very fascinating, what happened in the past 72 hours, and it really could be a Genucel game changer in the entire election.


It's a massive moment. And how do you know for sure that it's a massive moment? Well, the left and the corporate media are in full freakout mode right now. They, they didn't want RFK J running and they definitely tried to take him out 'cause they realized he could hurt Kamala. But now you would think he was at the top of the ticket. The amount of attacks that are coming out about him now, now that he dropped out, but his endorsement clearly matters to them or they wouldn't be treating it the way they are joining me now to discuss that much more. Victor Davis, Hanson VDH is back, senior fellow at the Hoover Institution and author of the book, The Case For Trump, which has been updated and rereleased very timely this month.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU u's online. On campus. And hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 330 academic programs, as of December, 2023, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University private Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


VDH, welcome back to the show. Thank You for having me Megan. So what a seismic event. At a time when we weren't exactly expecting seismic news, it kind of leaked a couple days earlier that he might be dropping out endorsing Trump. And then sure enough, on Friday he did it. And then they appeared together at Trump Rally. And I wanna start with that moment when he walked out with Trump, Debbie Murphy, who's been my editorial producer since 2007. We've been together a long time. She's, she's, I, I liken her to Holly Hunter from Broadcast News. She just doesn't l live, eat, sleep or breathe unless there's news related to it. She saw this walkout with RFK J and she said this was so amazing.


It was a great TV moment, perfectly produced. She then contrasted it to the sad Ron DeSantis audio announcement of his campaign where he has the beautiful family and he missed the chance to show off anyway. But look at this moment between Trump and RFK J.


Fire all over the stage. Whoa, Wow. Trump later said he had never seen applause like that for someone other than himself. And it was produced, not surprisingly by our friends at Turning Point. That's the Charlie Kirk group, which does know how to do pageantry. And pageantry is helpful in presidential politics. Victor, what do you think of it?


It's pretty amazing. I I know the conventional wisdom says that in the close election that 30 oh 40,000 votes in 2020 made a difference. He can make a difference. That's all true. But I think it's more insidious for the Democrats for a variety of other reasons. I think when he comes out like this, he's a very articulate spokesman and he frames a question in a way that Trump doesn't, maybe even that JD Bans doesn't, when he recites the litany of what the DNC is doing, sabotage, trying to get him off the boat, boat ballot with suits, but putting spies into his campaign, that gets people very angry. And the more that he repeats that and expands on it, the the more it look, it feeds into the Kamala Harris narrative that she won't meet with the press and that the press and the media and the DNC refused.


The other thing is it's going to encourage other people. Jill Stan Stein came out, not that these people have a lot of constituents, but she said they were doing the same thing to her. And even Cornell West, who despises Trump, he has been critic criticizing as much the DNC. So it's kind of a, he broke the ice and all of a sudden people are coming out and, and citing all the things that DNC is doing. And we remember the Beyonce Con, all of that stuff kind of force multiplies into a narrative that these people will do anything. And that that helps. The other thing is it makes it for some independents that are left wing and don't like what Harris is doing, or Biden the idea of voting for Trump If, you talk to him, it's just beyond the pale.


But when he comes out and says that he will do it, that will add some that are, I don't think are picked up in the polls. The other thing is that everybody says, well, you know, Trump can't ever put him in a administration 'cause he is too volatile or way out there. But there are certain areas in which they are in absolute agreement with not only Trump, he's in absolute agreement with the Meghan movement. So I I the perfect job for him, Meghan would be the head of the National Broadcasting Company of PBS and NPR. Oh wow. If they put him in that, that would be wonderful because he's a free speech advocate and he, he knows what they have done to him and he knows how to correct it. And he would have the full support of all Omega people.


So there's a lot of lines to this argument that I think it's, they're gonna increase. Even Phillips, the congressman that ran, he, he said the other day that he might have an announcement that he would be willing to serve in either administration. That would be amazing. And RFK J is saying, you just wait until you see the team that Trump is putting together right now. Had many people speculating who will be on it. Could it be Tulsi Gabbard? I mean, she's definitely, I think, gonna vote for Trump. So it'd be all these sort of favorites who are almost politically homeless right now. But open-minded to Trump's messaging, of course, because as you know, he is not some far right guy. Trump's actually more moderate in a lot of his politics then, you know, let's say Ted Cruz's, and this would be very attractive to se said people, if they could just check their trumped derangement syndrome, the media would see that and would see it coming.


I wanna play a little bit more and talk a little bit more about this. 'cause it's, I do think this has the potential to be a true game changer in this. When RFK j stood up on Friday and announced, you know, why he was leaving, one of the things he did was eviscerate the media, the Democrats and the media, which as you point out now, all of the Democrats trying to run from Dean Phillips, I mean he's already been complaining, but to Jill Stein and Coel West, all of them are putting the lie to the Democrats talking point about them being the pol, the party of democracy. They're the ones who will protect and hold in. Violet your vote.


Here's a little bit of that on Friday chat. In the name of Saving Democracy, the Democratic Party set itself to dismantling it lacking confidence in its candidate, the DNC wage, continual legal warfare against both President Trump and myself. It deployed DNC aligned judges to throw me and other candidates off the ballot and to throw President Trump in jail. They installed a candidate who was so unpopular with voters that she dropped out in 2020 without winning a single delegate. My uncle and my father both relish debate they would be astonished to learn of a democratic party presidential nominee who like Vice President Harris has not appeared in a single interview or an unscripted encounter with voters.


This is profoundly undemocratic. Instead of showing us her substance and character, the DNC and its media organs engineered a surge of popularity for Vice President Harris based upon, well, nothing Based upon nothing. He, he's got it, Victor. Yeah, I mean, he, he right there, he outlined in just a few minutes or seconds even the entire indictment of the Democratic Party in a way that other people haven't. And so he, he's kind of serving the role of JD Vance. Everybody attacked JD Vance. And the more you see him go on the media and battle with him, or even to Tom Cotton, he's in that category and they really, they don't just repeat talking points.


They, they try to analyze. And when they do that, it really shows the poverty of the entire Democratic party. You know, we haven't even emphasized one of the cruelest things they did with, I was watching M-S-N-B-C and CNN and Fox when they were interviewing a lot of people, the DNC, and they were trying to trace down these traffic, these traffic rumors and beyond. And all of these people were really sincere. They really believed it. And they said, we're gonna stay here and she's gonna be the finale after Paris. And either they deliberately planted that or they, somebody planted it and they found it useful. But they, that that was just representative or illustrative of that entire DNC attitude that from the trivial to the existential, they'll do anything to win.


And it's all predicated on the idea that Donald Trump supposedly represents this existential threat and therefore, therefore, that end of getting rid of him justifies any means necessary. And I think that's what Kennedy and, and Vance are trying to explain to the American people. I think they're gonna be pretty effective, especially it feeds into this, as I said earlier, this illusion that she's g that she's ever gonna go out and talk to people. She's not, because they know that in one minute she could destroy the entire campaign. It reminds me of a, a famous anecdote, Megan, about World War I. In the battle of, of Julin, they said that Admiral Gel Jeko was the only man in the British Navy who could lose the war in a minute.


And If you got the fleet home, fleet destroyed. And that's kind of what she is. She's got the ability to go out there and do a word salad that would confirm to every, every stereotype of her. And they know that. And so they're, they're gonna keep her. And the longer they keep her hidden, the more anx anxious she's gonna be and the more you know, worried. And it's, it's just gonna be a doom move. So they should get it out over with early in the campaign and get her out there. But they, they're not gonna do that. It's actually really interesting now Victor, because Trump is blanketing the field with alternative media. You know, he sat down with Theo Vaughn last week, we're gonna play some of that. It's interesting. Very different kind of exchange for Trump.


And it was good. And then this week he sat down with Sean Ryan, who we love. He was on our Memorial Day podcast, former Navy Seal, very interesting, thoughtful, great, great guy. And JD Vance is all over the mainstream media doing battle with NBC and CBS and CNN and you name it. So it's a, it's actually a very clever strategy. And what seems to be happening lately is her absence is no longer really helping her. Like yes, I realize she's not articulate, but they, they've got the whole field available to them. They're dominating the media again now that the D nnc is over, you know, you, the, the headline everywhere on Friday was RFK J and it's been that way all over the entire weekend.


And there's, I think there's soon going to realize silence may not be the best option for them. They're going to go only with friendly interviewers, but they can't have two months with Trump and JD Vance owning every single headline while she just stays behind closed doors or does her teleprompter speeches. Yeah. And and that same logic applies to her policy or the lack of it. Because If, you go to Trump with various websites, you can find out what he's for If, you go to hers, you can't. And the reason you can't is that in that DNC speech, she renounced everything that she's been not just an advocate, but an emphatic advocate. Of course, I'm a radical, I'm not, yes, I'm woke.


I want everybody to be woke. She always doubled down because she was in front of a receptive left-wing audience. So now she's in another doom loop because if she lays out this kind of pseudo maga agenda that she outlined at the convention, she's gonna inflame the entire base who are very radical. Just like she is on the new green deal, on crime and critical race theory, all that stuff. So she's just waiting and waiting and waiting and just sort of vaguely talking about what she could, might wanna do. But it's not really contradicting But. it sort of is. And that's not gonna work. She's outsourced all the explanations to her aides, that sort of correct.


Well she's not really to, she's not really interested in buying back guns anymore. She's not really interested in single payer healthcare. She's not really interested in banning fracking. But they don't really say no. That's our, our policy is to encourage fracking and allow people to enjoy their second amendment rights. She won't say that. And I think that is gonna hurt her just as much. The more that she hedges and flips and triangulates. 'cause it, it just feeds into that narrative. She doesn't know who she is and she's, she knows that if she, and if she outlines what she stood for her whole life, people don't want it. They don't want that agenda. They've seen what it's done. This idea that Donald Trump is the incumbent the last four years that's getting very tired.


People are not gonna buy that. They keep asking that that narrative is gonna get stronger and stronger. You people are, we're in power. Why didn't you do what you're talking about now? And you have six months less on, on your term and you can do it in six months. Just go at it right now. And they don't, especially If you're gonna use the FTC to institute some sort of price regulation, go ahead do that. That's federal agency. Let see you do it. Yeah, they've got all, but actually they, they have no, no real plan and no desire to do it. On the c on the subject of Beyonce, I said this last week that I did believe that Beyonce was a big head fake to boost her ratings. And it worked because the numbers are in and it looks like 2.89 million watched Harris's acceptance speech, 25 million watched Trumps.


I actually don't have the details on these. I'd be interested to see how many watched the first half an hour of Trumps because he went on for 90 minutes and she went on for 40 minutes, which would be helpful right to your rating. So it'd be kind of interesting to see 40, 40 to 40, how did that go? I'm sure Trump's numbers dwindled as he kept going and as it got late. But the point is, her little ruse worked because I do think that there was a fair amount of people out there thinking Beyonce was about to come on or possibly Taylor Swift. This was one of the other things that was out there. And I'll get to that 'cause I actually do think the media's role in complying with that and pushing it is important. But I wanna stay with our FKJ for right now and, and we'll move on to media in a second.


I mentioned at the top, I think you, you you say yes, he could be very important in a number of roles for the administration. I mean, Don Jr was saying possibly, you know, excoriating and investigating the CIA and deep intel. I mean he actually would be fascinating in that role in public health. That's where he's been most active for, you know, the most, the bulk of his campaign censorship as you point out, huge. He would definitely get to the bottom of that. And Trump seems to be considering him for some sort of a panel, which is good 'cause it wouldn't have to be Senate confirmed. Some sort of panel or commission that is among other things interested in public health and what's being done to us.


Here's RFK J on that topic. On Make, America, Healthy Again, sap, five Millions and millions of Americans who want clean air, clean water in a healthy nation have concerns about toxins in our environment and pesticides in our food. That's why today I'm repeating my pledge to establish a panel of top experts working with Bobby to investigate what is causing the decades long increase in chronic health problems and childhood diseases. Don't you wanna, all you wanna know that the food that you're feeding them is not filled with chemicals that are gonna give them cancer and chronic disease.


And don't you want a president that's gonna Make America, Healthy Again Victor, this is so uplifting to me. 'cause I have to say, as somebody who's covered this for a while on this show, no one's talking about this. RFK J was one of the only ones to even bring it up. Trump never brought it up. Kamala never brought it up. This is not something they talk about over on the Dem side. These are all their friends who run these industries that are poisoning us and then getting rich off of the poisoning. So it was wonderful to hear this not only being said at a presidential rally, but elevated as like a, a critical piece of the Trump messaging at this point.


And it's dangerous. Well, you know, I'm speaking from my farm Megan, and it's been in my family since 1870 and the early generations that lived here lived into their eighties. But with the advent of organ organo phosphate, organ, organ chloride, pesticides. And I'm talking about someone who put 'em on for 30 years myself. 'cause I was told they were absolutely safe. My sister-in-law died of leukemia at 51 living on the farm here. My daughter died at 26 of leukemia working side by side since she was four years old with me. My mother died of 65 of a brain tumor.


Her sister who grew up here, died at 49 of breast cancer. And I've had an immune problem for about 15 years. Every time I get covid, I get long covid. And so I don't know what the cause is. I'm much a conspiracy advocate and I know that we've really cut back. The industry has cut back on some of the things like paraquat that are deadly or you know, para, which can kill you. And all of these, the thing point I'm making is when people use those chemicals, it wasn't like I'm breaking the law or this is too risky. It was, this chemical is so safe, you could probably drink it.


That's the kind of message we got. And then you use it and then you find out that DBC is in your well and it causes male sterility. So then you don't drink your water or, and that, that's just the story of, of agba business. And the problem is If, you live on your farm and you're a family farmer and you're say 150 acres, 20 acres, then you live there. So you are very careful about the types of chemicals you use. If, you own 20,000 acres or 10,000 acres and it's, and you're not living there. Then it becomes more of an abstract experiment, If. you see what I mean? And so when he says that and everybody says, well, he is a kook and all these chemicals are safe, they're getting safer all the time, but they're only getting safer because people like him are bringing it to people's attention.


And you know, when I, I look at my family that was working all during the eighties and nineties together, and we had a collection of 10 children among us and we were bathed in chemicals and we had organic of, we had organic acreage as well, but some of it was just traditional ag. They, the ag guy came out and he said, you've gotta use this victor, you've gotta use this. You've gotta get a thousand boxes an acre. The only way you can do it and break even is do this. We've tested it as absolutely safe. And then you put it on and you get sick. And, and the, the family farmer doesn't hire employees who take the risk.


He does it himself. So then you really, you you're much more sensitive to a message by RFK. And there's, so I really appreciate what he's doing. And I look back at my family and I think, wow, my grandfather in the age before this lived to be 86. My grandmother lived to be 93, her mother lived to be 93, my great-grandmother. And no one has gotten past really 70 years old. And most of most of the people died in their forties or fifties. And that's kind of scary, Victor. That's terrible. I'm sorry, I didn't know any of that. It's certainly not about your daughter. Yeah, I'm so sorry to hear it.


It, and I, she, she, we had a organ, we had tomatoes and she would be covered with tomatoes and then they would, and we went out in the plums and peaches. She worked since 5, 6, 7, 8, 9 years old. And it was very sudden she got a very lethal form of leukemia that, that came within two weeks and killed her. And my mother was a appellate court judge in the prime of her life and she got a brain tumor. And my sister-in-law was only 51. And she got leukemia and of course lymphomas in leukemias. And those are the types of blood cancers that people associate with this toxicity.


And there's certain chemicals that every farmer who farms knows that they'll kill you. If, you get If, you get, 'cause you see Megan, the farmer is putting them at a hundred times more than the spray or maybe even a thousand times If. You have 500 gallons of water in your spray tank. You put a gallon in there. Well then it's diluted 500 times. And RFK is talking about that diluted material that vaporizes onto the crop and then it doesn't break down in time for people when they consume it. But if you're the farmer, you're putting 500 times that amount in the pure form into the tank.


So that means your hands, your face, it splashes. It's very dangerous to do. And of course now it's much safer and we have more knowledge, but we're still living with the effects of that. Well, there, I mean, it's not, of course the problem's not solved in any way for the American consumer, nevermind for farmers like you who actually have to deal with it at, at the source. And this is one of the things like Casey and Kelly, KA Kelly means has been out there for a while sounding the alarm on this very smart guy. And his sister Casey is a Stanford educated surgeon. She went to Stanford Medical School, top of her class, was actually working as a surgeon for many years and then realized this system is corrupt.


What we're doing is we're in the business of keeping patients sick and then charging them per body part to take 'em out, to fix 'em up and then just keep 'em on the revolving wheel of sickness. And they were making the point to Tucker that one of the best things that the American health system wants to see is a sick child because then you get them on some sort of a medication, they're sick for life, you've got them paying into the system. And she's not some kook, she's not saying, oh, it's a government, like they really want sick children. They just look at them as financial cogs in their wheel and they don't behave in a way that would reflect a desire to make that child. Well, nevermind an adult, but that, that the children are the most lucrative ones because the, that's a lifetime of being hooked on medication.


And they were talking about among other things, the merger of Monsanto and Bayer, right? So you've got one of the biggest, you know, chemical companies in the United States with one of these, you know, medicine companies that's supposed to get us well. So it it's like this never ending loop of illness. We'll fix it, illness, you know, we'll create the illness and then we'll, we'll quote, fix the illness, which never gets fixed. This is what they're trying to talk about mean this and RFK j's also talking about, and so are the means about the ultra processed foods that were shoving down our children's throats and our own throats and how good luck avoiding it. If you're a regular American shopping at any American grocery store, no one's calling attention to this.


No one. But there's a reason Peter Atia did so well in his book. There's a reason guys like Mark Sisson who's been calling attention to this, he's been on the show too, have been jumping up and down about this stuff because Americans know everybody's got a story about young people, their friends, their family getting cancer at an alarmingly young age and dying quickly from it. No one's taking it seriously because all the financial incentives are for the system to perpetuate. So it's wonderful to see a ballbuster like RFK j who clearly does not care what anybody thinks of him inside this system. Come out and say, I am defeated in this contest, but I am not defeated in my fight against all this nonsense.


And to see somebody as powerful as Trump elevate him and say, I'm into it and I'm platforming you and I'm going to continue. Like I really think that even like the California Tucker and I were talking about this, you know, like Birkenstock crowd is gonna be giving Trump a second look, I think. So if this is his plan And that and that message about the healthcare and ag with business industry, it, it's analogous to what he's saying about the big media too, that they're corrupt, that they tell us lies, that they go on there with a straight face and fe us this propaganda night after night after night.


And people know that it's wrong. They increasingly know that it's wrong, that it's inaccurate. They never apologize. They never backtrack. You know, and, and it's when I saw Leon Pineta on the stage at the DNC and I thought to myself, you were, you used your prestige over a lifetime and you were director of CIA and you put your name or you were one of the primary sign si signee of that 51 intelligence authorities that said that that laptop of hunters was Russian disinformation. And you knew that that was cooked up by Anthony Blinken and you knew it was right before the debate so it would fuel Joe Biden's lives and you knew it would affect the election and you knew the FBI had that laptop in its possession and knew that it was authentic and you knew that what you were doing was a lie.


And you knew on national TV you would never apologize when you were asked to. And yet we're supposed to believe that he's a grande with a sterling reputation because the media, and that's just typical of John Brennan and James Clapper and Andrew McCabe. So I think a lot of people are just saying, Michael Hayden, Michael Hayden, he's, he was comparing Trump to Auschwitz with cages on the border. And when you, when you at least Twice he's compared Trump to Hitler. He, he has, and then I could go in, I won't get into the names of four star retired generals, but I think people, and look at Fauci, people look at those people and they say they either lie under oath or they do things that if we did, we would be put in jail.


And they're, and I think RFK is, is a voice that is not afraid to articulate and he articulates so well and he's bulletproof. I don't want to use that metaphor given his family, but my gosh, he's pretty courageous. He doesn't really care what people say about him. Trump doesn't either Trump's sensitive, but he doesn't really care. And JD Vance has taken the heat and the more that they persevere, the more persuasive they become. The very strange things about Trump is the last four or five days, Meghan, the longer he doesn't retaliate or go to the ad hominem. And the more they do against him, it turns out that when he's magnanimous people, he gets, he rises in the popularity and they look smaller.


And when he talks about the issues, he's really good at it. He's better than he is about the, the insults. So I think this is gonna help too, that when he outsources this, if he can come into the, what he's really good at is this is what she is, this is what I am, this is what I did. And then it, it really, and then they get angrier and angrier and call him all sorts of names. He's a coward. He is a criminal, he is a felon and they look smaller and smaller. They don't do that very well. So I, I think he's got sort of a, I don't know, he's got a formula now. And I think these appointments, like, I don't know if they're appointments, but the more that he embraces Tulsi Albert or RFK, these are eccentrics they think, and they're highly individual in individualistic and they're very talented.


And the more he can get them in his campaign and talk about the issues and, and unity, unity. Getting Brian Kemp on the stage with him was a brilliant move. If he gets yes, Haley and DeSantis on the stage, brilliant. And he becomes the unity candidate and they are more and more angry and polarizing when they get, 'cause the only way she's gonna come out and speak and give an unscripted interview is if she starts to fall behind in the polls by two or three or four points, then she'll beg to come out, even though that won won't be Good. The RFK hashtag is Unite America. And that's what they're trying to jumpstart here. That it is, it's on that reasonable people of all stripes and political persuasions are coming together to stop the madness.


Yes. And meanwhile you have over on team Kamala, as you pointed out earlier, just like these broad policy, you know, opportunity economy pronouncements, which allows people to just fill in the blanks. But it's, it's worse than that because there was, I had my team just pull this, it's worse than that because here is a DNC delegate Cavin Schroth on a b, c last week talking about how she really hasn't gotten specific and in this time of record inflation and now revising the job creation number down by nearly a million jobs, we'd really like to hear some specifics from the person who's number two in the current administration. Nevermind the Democratic nominee for a sec, for another administration.


Listen to what he says. Vice President Harris has been incredibly brave to roll out an ambitious economic agenda because we all know how this works. The more details you share, the more your policies are going to get picked apart. That was, she was brave to do the thing on price gouging. Listen to this, but she's saying, I trust the American people. I trust the journalists to explain these policies and our values to folks. And I think when that happens, it will be successful for Democrats. You see, it's the American people and the journalists who are gonna fill in the blanks, victor, on opportunity economy and turn it into it is whatever you wish it to be, Democrat voters.


Well, it's exactly what Biden did in 2020. He was in seclusion and then he counted on this fused fusion media to fill in the blanks he ran. Remember he ran as Aer, he said, let's stop the madness, the chaos. I'm gonna, I'm good old Joel from Scranton and, and, and to a lesser extent, while the same extent Barack Obama did, he had hope and change. He has joy and vibes But. it was predicated on the same thing. The only thing that I think she's gonna be different is that If, you remember Barack Obama at least had in his arsenal the unpopular Iraq war and the 2008 meltdown. And when Joe Biden ran, he was playing when he ran, it was the Covid lockdown and all of this turmoil in the economy because of Covid.


But she, she doesn't have that. She's not running after an oppositional administration. She was not only, she's not only running after an administration of her own party, she was instrumental in it. She said to the American people that she was the last person in the room when Joe Biden made that decision on Afghanistan and by extension on other ex decision. So the idea that she's got a a program is another doom loop because if she outlines her program and it's different from what she was supporting the last three and a half years, and it better be because all of those initiatives pull less than 40 or 50, 45%.


Then what does she do? She's trying to outsource the idea that she differs from Joe Biden and that means she differs from herself until, I guess somewhere in late July when July 21st when, when Biden stepped down and then she's counting on the media. And I saw that really good exchange with Tom Cotton and John Carl when John Carl basically said, but she's changed. And he said she hasn't changed. She has not refuted specifically one of her left wing issues. She has the aids do it. And he says, yeah, but everybody knows she's moving to the center. And he said, how do you know that? Tell me, hold on Victor, we we have a bit of that. Let me play it and then you take it on the back.


It was really brilliant. Tom Cotton, What do you mean taking away health insurance? What are you talking about? She said when she ran for president that she wants to eliminate private health insurance on the job. Well, hundred 70 million Americans, John. Yeah, I mean, I mean that that is not her position. Now she know. How do you know that's not her position? How do you know that's not her position? I mean, she, she said she support, she has not said that. She has not said that. She has not said that. Okay. Maybe anonymous aids on a Friday night have said that. But the re but the last thing that she said on Most, this was not a radical convention. I mean, she, she, she, as you heard me go through with Bernie Sanders, she is not taking Look at him dodge Positions of the far left of her party When she campaigned for president in her own right, she did in fact promise things like decriminalizing illegal immigration, but taking away, But that's position she's clearly changed on.


And she said she has changed. Yes, yes, yes. She has no, she, She has not. John, she has not said that. Oh, Victor, Tom Cotton had him, he had him, she, she's never disavowed that position only through an aid in a written paper statement. And he switched once Cotton brought the goods to Well, but this wasn't a radical convention. He got outta bounds. What she's done in Cotton is trying to point that out pretty successfully. It's kinda like what we call in classics a palem set. She's taken one position or paper and she's superimposed another one on top of it, but she hasn't rejected the other one. The other one's just like a piece of, I don't know, plastic that she'll peel back off.


So she has never said I'm against the new green deal or I'm against Keystone, or I'm against, I mean I'm against i's never said. I'm not for that anymore. She's just sort of wink and nod. I'm flexible now. And then she's gonna peel that off and go back to her original left wing. I, I shouldn't say original. It's, it's what she always has been. But she's very careful. That's what was so good about Tom Cotton. She's not coming out and saying, I am no longer for the new green deal. I am no longer, I no longer think that Afghanistan was a successful operation. She's not saying that. And the reason she's not saying that is because she understands she could lose a lot of votes if she flips overtly.


So what she's doing is she's this sort of adding new positions to her old ones, but the new ones that she adds are antithetical to them. And so she's, she's kind of like a one eye jack and she, we have one side we we don't see and now we see this new side But. it doesn't mean the old side's Not there. You know what, you wanna see what, here's what I wanna see. Okay, so, so now she's claiming she's no longer for pulling all of our private insurance away from us and putting us all on the government Medicare program, which is what she is on record is having said very, very clearly, forcely a a a smart, honest interviewer would sit her down and do to her what they do to Republican candidates who were pro-choice when they were younger and become pro-life.


And they always do this and they start testing the Republican candidate to see if it's a, it's if it's a real change of heart, like what made you change? How did you go from being pro-choice to pro-life? And most Republicans will give you the same answer, which is, as soon as I saw my wife's ultrasound or my ultrasound, if it's a woman and saw the beating heart, it changed me. Right? And that's a plausible answer, whatever. But I've seen this done to Republicans a million times. So let's see that done to her. What, what changed, you know, your, your campaign aid said in a statement that you've changed your position on taking away people's private health insurance. What changed your mind? Walk us through the reasoning. You once said you were in favor of not deporting any illegals and giving them all health insurance.


What, what changed your mind on that? You once said you wanted to ban all fracking. Now through a paper statement, you say you're not what changed your, walk us through your logic and your reasoning. See if her mind is even fast enough to come up with the lie that will cover for, gee, my team told me I had to reverse myself if I wanted to win. It's not gonna happen. You know why? Because she can't, she, she can't intellectually, I mean it's logically she can't, but she's not a, I don't wanna be condescending, but she is not equipped to think on her feet and come up with a plausible explanation or even a plausible con excuse. And they know that she's been, they've caught her twice Megan in, I would call it ambush impromptu snippets.


And the one first was when the hostages were came back from Russia. And for a moment on the tarmac, if somebody stuck a camera, what do you think about this? And she started talking about the art of diplomacy. The art of diplomacy was very important. And Joe Biden, no one is better than the art of diplomacy than Joe Biden and the art of, and she just, she just went in that same wash, rinse, spin cycle. And then they caught her again when she was giving a riff on democracy. Democracy is very important. We all, it's a duality. It's yeah, duality. And it's the same thing. And then they, you, each time that If, you look at those clip, you look at Joe Biden's face and it's like, what is she talking about?


And then it's Tim Waltz is looking at her when she's talking about democracy and it's like, stop, please stop, stop. And you're gonna lose this. And after you can lose it in one minute if she'd gone on for two minutes. And people know that. And so they know it's, that's what is so important about having these other voices and Trump trying to point these out and people like Cotton and JD Vance because there is no solution to it. And they know that you cannot be a hard left radical and then suddenly try to stage a pseudo MAGA convention and reverse everything you've said, but not specifically renounce what you are really for because of your base.


And then you can't say that you're the party that fights for democracy or democracy dies in darkness by the Republicans and then deliberately take a candidate who never won a single delegate, never entered a single primary, was anointed by a bunch of donors and back backroom politicos and then suddenly turner into Barack Obama. But with the qualify, you know, Barack Obama couldn't stop talking. He wanted, 'cause he was good at it. He was out everywhere and they, they can't pull that off. And so they're gonna run out the clock if They can get away with it. And it's the most anti-democratic thing I've ever seen in my life. She's saying now NBC reporting that, that the pair of them, Kamala and Tim Walls have committed to doing a joint sit down interview with someone this week.


We don't know exactly who they're talking about or when, or what the format will be, but it's also interesting that it's both of them, right? She's, she's got her emotional support governor with her for her, her first interview. So she can't answer. She's got the good talker right next to her. But the media will allow this and they won't pressure her to save their own dignity because, because their politics are more important to them than their dignity. They want her to win more than they want anything. And I'll just give you one example. The latest, we have so many, but here is CNN watch what CNN does when RFK J is out there starting to knock on Kamala Harris and the media for allowing her to stay completely dark and silent when it comes to dealing with the press Over ideas.


They would be astonished to learn of a democratic party presidential nominee who debate like Vice President Harris has not appeared in a single interview or an unscripted encounter with voters for 35 days. We've Been listening to independent candidate Robert f Kennedy Jr from Phoenix outlining what led him to his quixotic quest for the White House to now dropping out. And How amazing is that flagged by Western Lensman on X? Oh, you know, we gotta wrap. Yes. And you made a good point that she will not appear by herself and he will do most of the talking and she will smile and giggle a little bit, not too much.


'cause they've told her not to But. it won't be a one-on-one interview. Even the left-wing people though, they're very narcissistic and they're getting angry because they all want to have a one-on-one primetime interview where they throw her softballs and say, look, look at, I interviewed her. I got her up in the polls by two or three points. I really did what she couldn't do on her own. And they're not even getting that opportunity. Remember? And every once that Lester Holt famous interview he did with her on the border, it was, he was very throwing her softballs and he finally just said, have you been to the border? I have been to the border. No you haven't. Well, I haven't been to Europe either.


And I was just, it was just deadly. And he that was designed to help her and they all, they all want that attention that I'm the one that interviewed Kamala and made her look really good, but why don't you give me that chance? So inadvertently they, they they, they're starting to say, we need to have an interview with her. And I don't know how she's, this is not gonna help her. Megan, you made a good point. When she has him on there, everybody's gonna say, we don't see JD Vance and Trump together giving interviews much. Right? Why we never see anybody do that? Why are you doing this? It doesn't Work. Can do it all by his lonesome. It's one thing to do it together once you've made your pick and then the two of you give one or two together, that's normal.


But we haven't heard from her at all since she became the Democratic nominee, the heir to the throne when Joe Biden pastor the, this baton five weeks ago. So to make the first appearance a joint one again with her emotional support, governor says everything. Standby more on that and, and all the news. We're gonna take a quick break. Break, VDH stays with us for the show. We'll be right back.


Do you owe back taxes or have unfiled tax returns along with hiring tens of thousands of new agents and field officers this year, the IRS has been sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. They're on the hunt. Don't waive your rights and speak with them on your own. All right? That why, why would you do that instead? Tax network. USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved more than $1 billion in back taxes for their clients. And they might be able to help secure you the best deal possible. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 million, they can help you. Whether it's business or personal taxes, even If, you have the means to pay. Or if you're on a fixed income, they can help you finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. Call them at one eight hundred nine five eight 1001 809 5 8 1000 Or just visit tn usa.com/megan. Don't let the IRS control your life. Empower yourself with Tax Network USA support and take charge. Take charge of your financial future. Visit tn usa.com/megan today. Today.


So Victor, on the subject of the dishonest media trying to help her, there are reports everywhere today about this presidential debate scheduled for September 10th on a BC. Now this was scheduled between Trump and Biden and the terms were agreed to between Trump and Biden. And they had apparently all the same rules as the CNN debate between, between Trump and Biden, where the mics were supposed to be cut. There wasn't supposed to be a studio audience. No notes allowed, no opening or closing statements. And when Harris subbed in as the nominee, there was some back and forth about whether they should renegotiate, you know, and maybe go to Fox, maybe not to go to a BC.


No, they want team Harris wanted it as is. Leave it in place. You already agreed. You already agreed. They kept telling him and Trump was like, okay, I'll do it. And then you should also do one at Fox. And she, on the night, I think it was of her debate, it was on, on a late, on a newsy night, she was put out a paper statement saying, oh, we won't be doing the Fox debate. I think it might have been Monday night when Biden spoke. Anyway, so she won't do anything on territory. She considers even neutral. She'll only go to places like A, B, C where her best friend is the person in charge. So now she's gone back on the a, b, C debate to say, and I wanna change the rules now, now I want open mics while the other person is speaking.


And according to Team Trump, she's also saying, and I want it to be a sit down at a desk situation and I want notes and I want to be able to do opening statements. Her team's saying that's not true, but that's what team Trump is saying through a representative. And her team is admitting that they are trying to open up the mics. Meaning while one candidate is speaking, the mics would be back open and the press is running out saying, that's the norm. That's the norm. Which it is. They're right until the Democrats change the norm. And Trump said, fine, I'll do it your way. And Trump did very well with that situation and realized, I'm sure, hey, this works pretty well for me. I kind of like, this helps me stay more disciplined.


I can just make my point when they come to me, I can control my worst instincts, you know, which is to like jump all over the candidate and that makes me look better. And so he's like, no, let's stick with the original rules. And her team is out there. And so is the media saying he's chicken, he's chickening out. And Trump did send out a true social post over the weekend saying, should I do this debate? Are they, are they gonna be fair to me trying to change all the rules? A, B, C hates my guts. Look at the recent coverage. She's best friends with the person who runs it. Look at Jonathan Carl. Look at like this, this network can't stand me. Look at the woman who asked me that question at the National Association of Black Journalists event. She's an A cer look at a b, c News's coverage of Trump and the Trump messaging last week versus how they covered the Kamala Harris message at the DNCI watched almost all of it anyway, the media running cover now saying Trump is the one who's trying to change the rules and Trump has to answer for this whole Mike's open thing or not.


Yeah, I I don't think that's gonna work because even somebody on C-N-N-I-I, I watched it and he said the problem with dealing with the Harris team about interviews is they have all these conditions. And the conditions is, is somebody gonna edit it and who is going to interview us and how long is it gonna be? And, and in other words, they haven't experienced that before and they're now talking about it. And that feeds into this old narrative that whatever it is, it's always a qualification. It's always yes, but maybe sort of should have kind of, and you know, it's, it all shows you And and he said when he the CNN person and all, and maybe I can find it or, or your team can't, but he said, the problem is that they know that her and I think as direct quote, as I remember was the worst moments of her vice presidency were when she did unscripted interviews, the worst moment.


And they know that. And so they're fixated on that. And that that can't be hidden. And everybody knows that if everybody starts with a premise, which they do now, is that she does not want to give an interview under any conditions, then everything makes sense. The more qualifications, the more backtracking all of that, the more projecting the, her reluctance onto Trump. And, and everybody knows Trump will speak to anybody about anything, anytime, anywhere he does, he likes that. That's how he made his celebrity career on television. And so that's not gonna, that's not gonna fly that suddenly Trump is getting reluctant to debate her.


And so she's going to put up all of these pseudo Trump, Trump is hesitant because he's just gonna make all these, these demands. Why would anybody debate somebody when they were sitting down with a notebook? You know what I mean? That's just crazy. That's not the, if you're gonna have notes, then you might as well not debate. I think I've done maybe a hundred debates in my life and not one, not one was I allowed, or my opponent allowed to, to have notes. It just wasn't d done. Nobody does that Not, not only that, it would be a horrible debate. Can you imagine it would when he's like, you, you were a terrible border czar. And she's like, standby, hold on.


Yes, I've got, I I I was never the border czar. I, I was addressing root causes. I mean, by the way, on that front, it's so absurd, Victor, because, okay, let's go with that. You had the limited role of addressing root causes of immigration. How'd that go? How, how, how'd that work out? Because we have record illegal immigration. So clearly you did not solve the desire from these countries for their people to migrate to America, which was by your own admission, your job. To the contrary, she's now reinventing herself as a border hawk. Can you deal with the hubris? And that's exactly why Nancy Pelosi and Barack Obama and Chuck Schumer had that initial hesitation for three or four days, because they really did think when they removed Joe on that sort of palace coup, that they were going to have an open convention, or at least an open something because they, they had grown up with her, they knew her, and they did not want to just anoint her.


And then they found out that within 24 hours, that momentum was there. And they were not going to deny a black woman who was a person in waiting as vice president, that opportunity. And so they cave, but they were very, they were very wary. And that narrative wasn't, didn't come from you, it didn't come from me. It didn't come from Republicans or conservatives. That narrative for three and a half years was, you cannot get rid of Joe Biden. He will not step down because he has a spiral Agnew insurance policy called Kamala Harris. And even people were speculating on his side, maybe he picked her. It wasn't so stupid to, to announce in advance the gender and race of his running mate.


Maybe it was smart because she was so inept and she was so unable to speak publicly or inpro in a impromptu fashion that he, nobody would ever impeach him, no matter impeach him or 25th Amendment, or ask him to step down because the alternative was just like Agnew and Nixon until Agnew got in legal trouble and stepped down. And so that was the reputation that she had among the kingpins of the Democratic party. And they know that. And the media knows that too. Everybody knows it. And that's what's getting kind of embarrassing when everybody knows it and they know it and the public knows it, then they expect every time the issue comes up, what they're doing, they, everybody said, of course, when they mention an interview or a debate or a town hall, they will have qualifications.


Oh, they will back out the last, they will switch the rules. They, and that's just gonna feed on itself. There's still 70 days and you know, that's not a lot long time, but it's long enough to cement that image in people's mind that she won't be able to speak, speak. And you know, while we're talking right now, we've had a serious exchange of fire, you know, in Hezbollah, a hundred Israeli jets and preempting and Hezbollah sending rockets, Joe's on vacation. And she's, why, who are we gonna hear from? Does anybody talk about what's going on in the Middle East or There's a huge offensive into kis, gets into mother Russia.


Russia's said some ominous things about it. We don't hear anything from Joey. We went from vacation in California to vacation in Delaware. She's the vice president. You'd think that she would stop for a minute and act presidential and say, you know, I'm running for President Joe, and it's the Biden Harris position that we want to caution or whatever she says. But she can't even do that. Nobody, there's nobody in control right now. Oh no, there's really no one in control. And we, we can talk about the Biden schedule because he's going on another nine day vacation. But on the subject of the, the Flip-flopper and the Democratic side, how they, you know, a couple weeks ago were admitting she can't do this and now see her as the second coming.


I give you Kathleen Parker, who for a time was considered the more conservative opinion columnist. Right now she's at the Washington Post, and here she was on March 15th, 2024, Kamala Harris could help her party and the country by stepping aside. She goes on to say she was a colossal failure as borders are. Her role was to be quiet in this administration, lest she embarrassed her boss with her sometimes inane, rambling remarks and a laugh that erupts from nowhere about nothing obvious to others. She was picked by Joe Biden because she was black and female, a combo tantamount to job, tantamount to job security.


Now that she's become a burden to the Democratic ticket, Biden can't fire her. The seriousness of this situ situation can't be overstated. His diminishing faculties are concerning. Her performance as second in command has been disappointing. And there's no reason to think her ranking would spike where she suddenly to be promoted to the Oval Office. Most signs point to disaster. I propose with all due respect that Harris step away from the ticket, please, Madda, Madame Vice president, do it for your country. Okay, same woman. What? Same Thing. You know, If you? No, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait, wait. Same woman, Kathleen Parker looking at the Democratic Convention, nominating her talks about how co if if only Kamala, Harris and Tim Walls can do this, muster the votes they need to defeat the arch enemy of America's promise.


As Oprah said, now is a time for grownup conversation. And say it with me for joy. Enter Kamala and Tim. Surely the happiest presidential ticket in recent, recent American history, this isn't sarcasm. I actually was like, oh, is this Sar? No, no, this is serious. The president from Hope Arkansas said it was time to make Harris the president of joy. If a thousand watts smile can be equated to joy, then Harris has no rival again. She's not about to drop the hammer on Harris. The whole thing is Kathleen Parker on her knee, the glaring omission of fathers in the Democratic narrative, including Harris's, very much alive father was filled by Tim Walsh.


So she's got love for him too. She goes on to suggest that Oprah Winfrey was amazing and should win the Nobel Peace Prize. She talks about Michelle Obama saying she, she's no Lady Macbeth. Her conscience and hands are clean for her spectacular soliloquy. She takes home the Oscar for best supporting actress. Though I suspect many in the audience were wondering why she was not leading the ticket. And then goes on to talk about how, what a devil Trump is and how he must be stopped and Harris is the one to do it. That's the press. What, what did I say? Nothing. I've always been Team Harris. She's amazing. Yeah.


Well, I mean, it's, I don't want to be hyperbole But. it, it, it's right out of the old Soviet Union. The prove of the official narrative just switches. You know, you have one day you have Ivv on the DA watching the mayday, and he's obviously incompetent and unhealthy. And then the next day he is gone and it's Andro pal or somebody, and it, it's like he never existed. And then all of a sudden this guy is healthy and is wonderful and then he disappears and then, and they just, they do it. This is actually If, you think about it, kind of the fourth coup they've had, they had the first one in 2020 when Joe Biden had not won Iowa or New Hampshire or Nevada, and he was headed nowhere and he was losing to Warren and, but Jig and Bernie Sanders in the poll.


And then all of a sudden they decided that he was going to be the candidate. And after South Carolina, they just all like dominoes dropped out, they anointed him, and then suddenly it was, he was gonna be a useful megaphone, and he was going to, his real policy was gonna be outsourced to the Obama wing of the party. And then the third time was, well, we're gonna get rid of him. Suddenly after we said that, we would never do that. And then the fourth was, all of a sudden we're gonna reinvent her and she's going to be Cicero, but she's never gonna talk to anybody. And it's always the same pattern in those four different adorations. It's always, we're gonna change the narrative.


Everybody's gonna get in line, and if anybody objects, we're gonna call you a racist or crazy or not. And after a while, you know, when you add all that together, I, I think the people are starting to see it. I really do that these, well, here's the other example. These people are very scary. I don't think we understand how scary they are. They're very scary people. Here, here, here's the other example. So JD Vance married a working woman. He married his wife Usha, who was who we met at Yale Law School. Obviously she's a professional woman and who clerked for two justices of the US Supreme Court and has a job at a great law firm.


And she had three kids with him and she's raising the kids with him. I mean, this is this woman's firing on all cylinders by anybody's measure. And he is 100% on board for all of it. I realize he got a lot of people upset with his childless cat lady comments. They were looking to be upset that I don't, I don't believe that that was sincere. They wanted to tear him down. They would've found a way to do it no matter what, whether he'd given that interview on Tucker or not. But in any event, let's put that to the side because even before those remarks, they were ripping on JD Vance and couldn't stand the guy. I didn't see a single piece about. You know what, to his credit, the guy supports a working wife. He supports having a wife who's like, not only working, but frankly her legal career crushed his, she, she achieved heights that 99.99% of lawyers will never achieve.


And he was okay with that. He was definitely the B team player in the legal field. He went to work for Peter Thiel. He didn't like it. He did it for five years. He came back to Ohio and started a foundation to try to help people get jobs and help improve Ohio. She was the big money earner for that period. And honestly, you that her legal resume would be second to none. I didn't see the pieces praising him for being a man who can handle that, whose ego is strong enough that he can let the wife yeah. Be in the starring role. And yet today, this is very interesting, okay, this is Two days ago. Well, I mean you remember on the View, I think it's by Catherine Ramp of the Washington Post. The piece is Doug Emh h modern day sex symbol.


And I'm gonna read you some of what she writes, but you know who Katherine Ramel is that, that name may ring a bell because she's the one who wrote the piece ripping Kamala's economic plan to shreds on the price gouging saying this is ridiculous when they're accusing you of you being, of being a communist, maybe don't propose communism as your economic plan. And she got killed by her readers on the left. So a week later she writes this drl trying to be rehabilitate herself with the left about the current second. Second gentleman, a man who may I remind you cheated on his first wife with the nanny whom he impregnated.


They either aborted the child or he abandoned the child either way, no bueno. This is her writing about him. His most appropriate title, progressive sex symbol, move over Ryan Gosling, the modern female fantasy is embodied by the man who might soon become our first gentleman. Emh Hof is secure enough with his own masculinity to sometimes, sometimes prioritize his wife's ambitions over his own in italics, what a hunk. Whatever his previous marital drama that makes him the working woman's ideal partner today. He's a high achieving alpha, but isn't threatened if his wife is too.


He loves his job, but he loves his wife more. He knows that supporting one's family is about more than financial support. And that temporarily setting aside his own professional ego makes him no less of a man. The media is absolutely disgusting, Victor. Yeah, and they, I, I remember on the View also, and also I think Joy Reed said that when JD Vance said that he was trying to advocate for more white reproduction when his, he's, he has a biracial, he has biracial children. So all of that's disconnected from reality.


And you know, when they went after him on that childness, it was, and then the theme or the, it wasn't even the subtext, the theme was abortion. Abortion, abortion at that DNC. And Trump took a big hit. Remember Meghan from a lot of conservatives like Mike Pence, that he was willing to le follow the role versus Wade Overturn and have the states decide. And he wasn't going to have a national ban on abortion. And he said equally that for rape and incest, women should have access to abortion. But partial burst abortion or late term when the fetus was viable outside of the womb was going to be stopped in his opinion.


But he wouldn't go intervene. That was about as liberal as you could take in the Republican party. And yet they attacked him on abortion. And the weird thing about it was, you know, that issue is so dominant now, and you saw all of the imagery they had at the DNC about IUDs and all these weird contraptions outside, and then they kept talking about pr, they don't even use the word abortion. They just keep using this word. Reproductive rights, reproductive rights, reproductive rights. Well, it's really not about reproduction, it's about reproduction or un production. You're terminating the chance of reproduction. And yet they keep saying reproduction.


And then you would think that the United States has a 3.5 fertility rate. But we, we have 1.6, and the last year was almost a record year of abortions over a million abortions. So here you have a situation where Donald Trump is basically as liberal as you've ever seen a Democrat, Republican nominee on the issue of abortion. It's now up to the states. We've had over a million abortions. We've got one of the lowest fertility rates in our history. We're not, we're gonna shrink. And yet they're saying that there's no abortions. It doesn't make any sense. And they're just, they hit that issue again and again and again. And I don't, I think after a while people are gonna get tired of that too, because that was the theme.


And they call it freedom to reproduce. It's not, it's freedom to deduce and which is okay if that's what you believe in, but they can't, they're never explicit about what they want. They never use language that reflects reality on the border, on abortion, on crime, on energy. And it's, it all represents this insecurity that they're way out of touch with the American people. And the American people have views that are diametrically opposed. And they have to be fooled. They have to be tricked, they have to be suppressed to get elected and retain power. And they've been very good at it. But maybe it's time their only, Their only solution is to do that and then paint Trump as the extremist by making up his positions.


Yes. They just refuse to accept. He has said it repeatedly that he does not want to legislate abortion at the federal level. That he is happy. It is now a state's rights issue. Here is, well here's Trump. Well no, we've already played this one. He believes in exception abortions. We've said that, and that it's a state's rights issue. Here was JD Vance just on Sunday trying to reiterate this point. Can you commit Senator sitting right here with me today, This woman's obsessed with Abortion that If you and Donald Trump are elected, that you will not impose a federal ban on abortion. I can absolutely commit that Kristin and Donald Trump has been as clear about that as possible. I I think it's important to step back and say, what has Donald Trump actually said on the abortion question?


And how is it different from what Kamala Harris and the Democrats have said, Donald Trump wants to end this cultural war over this particular topic. If Kamala, excuse me, if California wants to have a different abortion policy from Ohio than Ohio has to respect California and California has to respect Ohio. Donald Trump's view is that we want the individual states and their individual cultures and their unique political sensibilities to make these decisions because we don't want to have a nonstop federal conflict over this issue. Kristen Weer is obsessed with abortion. She can't stop asking about abortion. She devotes some two thirds of interviews sometimes to abortion. I don't know what is in her past, but this woman's got a serious thing with abortion. She loves abortion.


She really wants to make sure we can have as much of it as possible. Here is Elizabeth Warren then responding to JD Vance with more lies. American women are not stupid and we are not going to trust the futures of our daughters and granddaughters to two men who have openly bragged about blocking access to abortion for women all across this country. No, they haven't. Look Right now where we are is if Donald Trump and JD Vance take the White House, they have current law, the Comstock Act, which with the right person that they put into the Department of Justice and one of their extremist judges out in the world, they can actually ban all access to abortion all across this country.


And understand, when I say ban access to abortion, I don't mean with Oh, exceptions for rape or incest or a 16 week ban. I mean ban it for every woman. Anytime she needs it, They, they just will pretend it. The truth is, other than it is Victor, they just keep pretending. Yeah, they do. And they, they, and that's not unique on the issue. They keep doing the same thing with the Project 2025 Trump. He's sincere. He didn't know much about it. And there's things in there that I've read about 400 pages of the 900 and something pages. Some of it is very sensible. Some of it gets into some areas that I think are kind of, you know, redundant or they don't need to be said or they're, they're wrong, but he's never endorsed it.


And yet they keep hammering on that and they keep hammering and hammering and hammering. And they did. Joe Biden did that. You know, he said that Donald Trump or Kamala Harris said that Donald Trump ordered or encouraged an arm Maud to occupy the capitol of all the people that was arrested in Capitol. They never found one person with a firearm. And they just keep doing this big lie again and again and again and again. There's a reason for it. And that is they do not want to talk about the issues because they don't pull well and they don't know what to do about that. They don't know whether to renounce them and flip and offend their base or, and sound insincere or really go to the center for a while or just a month.


And it's the same thing about they can't be transparent about her inability to speak. And this is not new. This, what's sad about it is they did the same thing with Joe Biden. They, they reinvented him into a fake, moderate during the campaign. And then he just on spec reverted to one of the most left wing administrations we've ever had. And he was old Joe Biden that was gonna talk to people. And the only reason he was in the basement was 'cause of covid. And then that just extended, they had to hide that di de ability. She has a linguistic de ability that's every much as serious as his cognitive ability. And it, they, they just can't be transparent. And, when you superimpose that Meghan on this facade that, you know, they're the, this elections about democracy and they're the people who are transparent.


It's, it's, it finally, the lies and the contradictions are so overt and shameless, it seems like I I don't think they're gonna be able to sustain it. And they're, and hope I see you're, the more that they keep drawing, I think it's gonna turn off people. It really is. But so far they ha they have one strategy and they have so demonized Trump that anybody who, who publicly or unabashedly says they would vote or support Trump, it's got all of this social baggage or cultural disdain for you, If. you do that. And that's why RFK is very valuable and other people like that, that will stand Kelsey Gabbard is another person. And the more that They can get people like that who didn't really agree originally with Trump, but came to see that compared to the alternative, he was far superior.


That's going to allow a lot of independent people to, and some democrats who say, you know what, I don't really care. And you're starting to see what that in certain groups, young males, the African American male community, some of the Latino males, they're starting to say, I don't really care what you say. And that's new and that can snowball if they do it effectively in the next, you know, two and a half months. Let, we wanna talk about both those things, young males and then some of the reaction to RFK j including from his family. I promise this. So I wanna tell you, president Biden's on vacation again, again, he just finished a vacation, then he came out for one day to give a speech at the DNC, then he went right to California on another vacation and now he's coming back and they released his schedule saying that he's returning not to the White House, but to his Rehoboth Delaware Beach house.


Not until Miranda Divine posted this saying, I thought it was Tuesday. They said Tuesday. She thought they meant tomorrow. They mean Tuesday of next week. He's back from his vacation to do another nine days of vacation. We don't have a sitting vice p or sitting president. We, we don't have, we kind of don't have a sitting vice president either. 'cause she's out there campaigning. So we don't have anybody in charge right now in Washington. I, I don't know what to do about that, but that's just a fact. Just a just a little news update for you on the subject of the young male vote. Okay. I, I love to get your thoughts on all this, but I do wanna get this in. That's why Trump's doing all this independent media. Theo Vaughn and Sean Ryan, who I love, love, love Sean.


Ryan's amazing. I don't know Theo, but he is very popular. He sat down with Theo Vaughn. And what's great about these interviews is you honestly, with all due respect to us news folks, it's great to hear him talk with somebody who's not in news, who will ask him totally different questions and get different stuff outta him. And that's what Theon did. And they got into, in some detail, the death of Trump's brother, Fred from alcoholism. Take a listen to this. Did you see, like with your brother, did you s could you see it or anything like, oh yeah, man, that's, I was amazed because he, he had so much going and everything going.


I think he probably, it happened in college at a fraternity maybe, or I don't know, somewhere along the line it happened and all of a sudden, you know, this is not unique. This is a very common story, unfortunately. But, and then the family would see it and start to notice it. And it didn't get better. It didn't get better. I was amazed, you know, he lived for so long in bad conditions, you know, and in terms of, I was amazed that his body could hold out. It held out and it had bad moments and, but his body was unbelievably strong that it could, that it could withstand this. Yeah. It's a body why you're so resilient. Yeah. Do you remember the last time that you saw him or spent with him?


I do. And I'm sorry to ask you about it. I, yeah, no, it's, well, you know, the reason it's good talking about it is it might help other people. If it helps one other person, it's worth the conversation. He was wise in a sense. I mean, think of it. He's got this problem and it was very important for him to convey to me not to have this problem. And I couldn't have been successful if I had that problem. Yeah. If I had that problem. And, and I think maybe I'm a personality type where I could have had the problem if I drank. But If, you don't drink. You're never gonna have it. Hey Victor, just a quick thought on that. This classic problem. Yeah. I mean, anybody he likes, loves or has, you know, any positive thoughts towards, he will find a way to say something nice about them.


You know, he look at this, this is his brother who died of alcoholism, and he points out, I, I'm amazed at how strong his body was that it could hold out. That's Trump, that's classic Trump trying to find like a way to compliment his brother who was riddled with this disease. He talks about how he was wise because he, he conveyed to me, don't do it. And he's the reason I never took a drink. I haven't had a drink or a cigarette in my whole life. And it's easy to avoid it when you don't do it at all. He goes on in that interview to talk about what an amazing pilot his brother was and how other pilots would come and learn from him. It's just classic Trump, where as, as long as you're not that out there attacking him, his general instinct is to build you up, not tear you down, but what do you make of his media strategy right now?


It's very good. And the key takeaway line was when he's, and I mentioned that earlier, when he is self-deprecating, he said, you know, I might have been prone to that. And he said that before when the press conference, when his brother died, someone asked him as I remember, and Did you ever drink? And he said, can you imagine me drinking? In other words, I have that same excessive personality that would lend itself vulnerable to alcohol. And that's what he was saying again. And when he does that, he comes across as very human. And the more that he can do that, the better. And the funny thing about it is when they keep saying he is gonna destroy democracy and he's gonna do this And, when you look at all the people that he hired and he, he fired, he didn't even get vindictive about, I mean, Steve Bannon, he fired him.


Steve Bannon gave a terrible interview about, and Steve Bannon is, I guess still friends with him. He fired HR McMaster and hrs got a, a, a memoir, but he's been, he hasn't been critical of HR and he didn't weaponize the FBI, he didn't weaponize the DOJ, he didn't weaponize the CIA, he didn't weaponize the director of National inte. They did all that. And that's what's so strange about it, is that If, you look at how Biden has wa and Obama have, I mean the whole Steele dossier did not start with Donald Trump. It started with Barack Obama when he weaponized the DOJ and he knew about it. And yet, my gosh, it is just a complete reversal of reality.


And that's, that's the thing about Trump is that he talks a great game about being angry and mean, but when it comes down to it and you actually calibrate, was he vindictive? Did he go out and try to destroy somebody's career? Did he try to use that? And, you know, they impeached him over that. He said that the Bidens were corrupt and he wanted to suspend for a while until they got the corruption cleared up. And that that might have been unconventional But. it wasn't quite like Joe Biden telling Israel, we have 3,500 bombs that have been congressionally approved and you're in an existential war at this moment, and we're not gonna give it to you unless you are more conducive to our point of view.


Because we have to win this election and we have to appease 2500, 2200 50,000 voters in Michigan. Therefore that's going to affect my election and therefore my election's gonna affect congressionally approved offensive weapons that you need. And nobody thought about impeaching Joe Biden. So he didn't, that that's what's, he suffers from this reputation of the media and also that he is very vocal sometimes, but when you actually look at him, that's more Donald Trump than the other Donald Trump. I think it's very smart. And he is reaching out to these young men who have just been the butt of so much vitriol, nastiness, condemnation, Based on nothing other than gender and race by the left.


And good for him for going out there and saying, you matter to me. I, I am here asking for your vote. Your vote's important. I mean the, the Democrats better watch it because this RFK j thing, this new line of argument and this media strategy looks very smart. This is, this is somebody over there is thinking. Alright, standby. Quick break. Yeah, yeah, you are. We'll come back with the Kennedy family meltdown over RFK J and then a little bit more on the media and what they did with the Beyonce thing. Wait until you hear what they're doing.


I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


I Might, and my whole family will be fighting so hard to reelect Kamala Harris and Coach Waltz. And I think if my dad were alive today, the real Robert Kennedy would've detested almost everything. Donald Trump represents his I'm outraged and disgusted by my brother's guardian of obscene embrace of Donald Trump. And I completely out and separate and disassociate myself from, from Robert Kennedy Jr in this flagrant and inexplicable effort to derate and trample that by to my, my father's memory.


That was RFK J's sister Carrie Kennedy ripping on her brother with Jen Psaki. Welcome back to the Megyn Kelly Show. My guest is the brilliant Victor Davis Hanson, by the way, it's interesting. She, she seems to have the same voice issue that he has. You could, you could hear it. I, I'd never heard her speak before. This is disgusting. The, the, the brothers and sisters there were, I think 11 originally and two died. So there are nine including him. So he's got eight brothers and sisters and five of them have come out to attack him. Six, six of them. Okay, I'm gonna try trying to get my numbers. Douglas Kennedy, I don't think is one of them. He used to be my colleague at Fox News. He's a good guy. Anyway, they're disgusting.


They're not only are they attacking him, Victor, they all are saying my father would be disgusted. So it's not enough for them to say I totally disagree with my brother, who I love. You know, obviously we have different politics, but they've gotta say our dad would've hated him and Trump. Right? So it's like such a low blow and they can't stand that. The rest of us have our own independent opinions of people like RFK Senior. And you know what, Kerry Kennedy, I reject your assessment. I think RFK Senior would've loved what RFK Jr is doing and would've actually found a lot in common with Donald Trump in the messaging and the politics. So take that. We don't accept you as the final arbiter of what RFK Senior would've thought.


He's all of ours. He's not just yours. And as if she knows him better than RFK Jr, who's the guy's namesake. Yeah. I I I think there's two things going on. One is that the asymmetry between people who are for Trump and people who aren't. In other words, the people for Trump are not proactively demonizing everybody. They, they're just concerned about the MAGA agenda. But the other people are, they see Trump in 360 degrees as culturally, socially, economically, politically unpalatable the prince of dark. And they're just obsessed with him. And that's part of it.


And if, and by that I mean, if he had endorsed earlier McCain or Romney, they would've been angry. But not to this degree. This is something that they just can't fathom because they hate Trump so much. The other thing is they're invested in the name Kennedy and that's part of who they are and that's part of their livelihood. And so when a Kennedy comes out in, in their worst nightmare in supports Trump, a lot of people don't distinguish, you know, Robert Kennedy from car, any of these Kennedy names. They just say Kennedy and they feel, wow, he's tarnished my brand and that's going to hurt me and my persona, my sense of self, my career, my remuneration.


And he's really done damage to our family label that we count on. You know, it, it's, I I grew up in a democratic family and my mother was, I think the second appellate court judge in California. And she went to law, Stanford Law School and she was, I think the third person as a woman, 1946, very strong Harry Truman, Democrat. And I'm the only one in my family that was conservative. I mean, she was conservative, but in the old democratic sense, and I have members of my family that comparing great things like the Kennedys to my small family, it's the same idea that I, I really love my family and my siblings and everybody, and I don't talk about them.


And when people ask me about them or my family, I always say positive things about them 'cause I feel that way. But they, they feel that I have been an apostate or I have ruined the family name and they don't speak to me. They really literally don't speak to me. And it's the same idea that the Trump, that it's something about Trump that they, they get obsessed at. We see it with the never Trump people who, if they ask themselves, do I want to destroy my career? Do I want to renounce everything that I've advocated for 40 years? Yes. If it's, if it's Trump and that's, it's a derangement syndrome as people have remarked upon, wait, I feel what he Did. You just say your family does not speak to you because they think you're in apostate.


Yes. They don't speak to me. They don't speak to me. Oh my Gosh, This is great. And I have a twin brother. I mean, I have a twin brother that I love very much. He's very, he's a wonderful person, but he and his wife don't speak to me and I've reached out. But they feel that I've misrepresented the family. And in the way that, you know, that they know people and then they say what happened to your, and they, they associate, you know, in, in liberal circles or stuff. And so it's the same thing, And, when you have a twin brother that you were very close to, it's, and I don't want to go on because I don't wanna draw and do attention to him, but in the sense it might hurt him anything. But they feel that I, for the last 20 years did not represent the Democratic con.


And, and rather than saying, that's good, we have, that's the way we were brought up. And my parents were wonderful parents. I idolize 'em. I still do. And, but it's, it's the same idea that it were bad enough when you were conservative, but my God, you lent the family name to this person, how dare you do that? And they, they, I don't think they realize what they're doing in their, their ostracism of a family member or that, or how they, they react. And I can see he hasn't done anything wrong. He's just exercising his freedom of speech. He doesn't speak to the other Kennedys. And if they want to clarify it, all they had to say was, we're a happy loving family.


We tolerate descent. Some of us, most of us are traditional Democrats and liberals, but Bobby is not. And we respect his right. We're going to oppose him politically and he's gonna oppose us. And that's what, that's fine. But they can't do that. They have to get into personal insult and act as if he's some kind of crazy apostate. And I've, I've experienced the same thing. And it's, it gets depressing, especially as you get older and you think, wow, we're all getting into late sixties, seventies. And it's about, you can see the end down the tunnel in this time to reconcile. But, and I think why would they do this when he's getting into his seventies, late sixties, 70?


Why would they want to cut off somebody who had been a sibling? And I, I don't understand that. I Believe, I know on some level they should say we're proud of what he's accomplished. We disagree with him and we're gonna work to defeat him and his ideas. But we love our brother. That, that was kind of what he said. He and I talked a little bit about this and how he was raised. It's, it actually sounded wonderful. He, he, they were raised by two parents who used to make them read. I think he said at least three newspaper articles every night, every morning. And then at the dinner table, they would have to stand up and do a little presentation and take a position and defend the position. So they were raised to debate and understand the news and have, if you're debating, you have different opinions by necessity.


But the family's fallen away from that. At least the majority of them have. Here he was on Fox News Sunday responding to the very nasty attacks. It was not just care. His, was it his, his, yeah. His brother Max came out and said, our father would've despised Donald Trump. Trump was exactly the kind of arrogant, entitled, bully my father used to prosecute. My father would've so admired another former prosecutor, Kamala Harris. My father was an anti-racist. Donald Trump is a lifelong racist. I love Bobby, but I hate what he's doing to our country. It's worth it. Worse than disappointment. We are in mourning. Here's RFK j responding Well.


I love my family. I feel like we were raised in a milieu where we were encouraged to debate each other and debate ferociously and passionately about things, but to still love each other. So, you know, they can, they're free to take their positions on these issues. There are many, many fam members of my family who are working in my campaign, who are supporting me. I have a very big family. There's a few of 'em that are, are troubled. But you know, I think we all need to be able to disagree with each other and still love each other. Meanwhile, the same people are saying that this is a betrayal of the values our father and family hold most dear.


It's a sad ending to a sad story. That's their messaging about him. Yeah. And you know, Robert Kennedy was an, was a maverick. I mean, people, they think he was just a trinary. He started out working for Joe McCarthy as a senate aid. You know, when McCarthy was trying to find a communist under every bed, he was pretty tough. He was attorney general. But you know, he didn't really come around to Martin Luther King until they felt that it was politically viable. That was a different, he had a, he had all sorts of positions, is what I'm trying to say. He wasn't just predictably left wing, he challenged his own party and a lot of people were blaming him for injuring Hubert Humphrey, you know, and so the point I'm making is that Robert Kennedy did things that were off the grid or he said things or he switched positions.


And so I don't understand how they can say that their father would be ashamed. He was a pretty mercurial, you know, he is a great politician and he had all sorts of different ideas at different times. And you know, he, he was very embarrassed that he worked for, he had been associated with Joe McCarthy as a young person. And he was very embarrassed that he was pretty tough on the FBI was, you know, surveilling King in the sixties onto the Kennedy administration and he regretted that. But he, I, I don't know, I don't, I don't get this idea that our father would had this concrete, predictable career and therefore he would say that his son is a disgrace.


That's not true. And I know it's just so petty. I don't know why Petty's, It's petty. We see it Every turn with these people. And here's, Here's Mark it, Here's here is, so his RFK G's marriage to Cheryl Hines, the star of one of the stars of Curb Your Enthusiasm, she played Larry Davies's wife, now his ex-wife in the series. She's brilliant, she's very funny. And she put out a very middle of the road, ambiguous statement. It was loving toward him, but she didn't take a political position once he withdrew an endorsed Trump. And basically says, I wanna thank everybody who worked for his campaign. They've achieved ballot access across the country despite roadblocks and lawsuits brought against them for the sole purpose of keeping Bobby off the ballots.


So no one would even have the opportunity to vote for him. I deeply respect the decision he made to run on the principle of Unity. I've met some extraordinary people, Democrats, republicans, and independents in this process. It's been my experience. The vast majority of all parties are truly good people who want what's best for our country and for each other. That is perfect. Not according to Bradley Whitford, this Hollywood tool who starred in the West Wing and thinks he actually is a politician as a result who attacks her saying, Hey Cheryl, wait to stay silent while your lunatic husband throws his support behind the adjudicated rapist who brags about stripping women of their fundamental rights.


Gutsy great example for the kids profile and courage. The the wife must be brought down too. And you and I both know, if Cheryl Hines said anything stronger than what she did, her career would be over. It might be over already. No. Well, I mean that's what the left does. We see because they control the institutions. And even where I work, and I, and I won't get into that If you are overtly for Trump and you're not shy about it. And you try to defend positions that have been misinterpreted. You're socially ostracized and you're culturally ostracized.


And I have lost maybe 50 or 60 close friends. I've lost friends that were co-authors of books. I've lost family, I've lost, and I'm not unique. And that was one, that's one of the powers that the left exercises, when they control Silicon Valley social media, traditional media, K through 12, academia, foundations, entertainment, Hollywood professional sports, they have this whole Iron dome that over them. And they, they can exercise all sorts of direct and covert pressures. And that affects people. And that is one of the reasons that they've been successful neutering Donald Trump. Because they created, they create an atmosphere among friends and families.


And they think it's socially unacceptable. It's a cultural it black mark against your name that you would stoop to, to support this ignoramus. That's how they feel. And they've been able to, to exercise a lot of pressure in the media and professionally in Hollywood. I really admire Hollywood actors that have been, you know, pretty much overt that they're still gonna vote for Trump. A few of them say that, or professors or people in the media because it's a career ending experience. And then culturally, in our bicoastal, elite If, you come out and you're a, a professional and you say you're for Trump, you're going to be attacked and attacked and attacked.


And I have a call from my website called The Angry Reader. And you should see the, the i I try to answer every once in a while. These are not lunatic people. These are people highly educated and, and they think they're important and they will write these letters and they're just full of hatred and vitriol. And I don't see it the other way. I really don't, I really don't see people on the Trump side saying, I mean, everybody says we gotta cool the tempo and we're, we're a divided country. I, I don't see that, you know, I don't really see that. I see it that the left is acting and reacting to Trump in a way they did. They did a little bit with George Bush.


They call him a Nazi. They've done that with Romney. Push the, you know, met Ryan was going to push his grand, the grandmother over the, they do that stuff, but they didn't just completely get obsessed and lose it. And we never saw these the never Trumpers too. It's something that, yeah, Trump is in a, it's Really scary. He's in category of one when it comes to Yeah, it Is. And they try crazy. And other people, they, They, they try to destroy families. They destroy friendships. They, they do that. And, and Well, I'm so sorry to hear that you personally have been the victim of that Victor. I did not know that. And it's deeply wrong, but I will say I'm not trying to be a victim million. I'm just saying that. No, I know you're not, that's not your character. But there you have You, we had a really a good we love you.


You know? Yeah. Well I just finished, we had, I have a wonderful colleague, Scott Atlas. You know Scott, he was very outspoken about, and I wrote a number of op-eds saying that he had a right to speak. He was a wonderful person. And boy, the, you better shut up. You're out of your lane. How dare you do that? I was not allowed. We're gonna get the, we're gonna get these people against you. You're going to da da da. You know, even the Stanford for, Well the Covid, you know, being, being heterodox on Covid was another sin. That's another reason why they don't like having kj. Yeah. I gotta run. Yeah, I do too. I am gonna get to the whole, the full Beyonce story tomorrow. 'cause we ran outta time and much, much more with St. Stu Berger and Red Ste.


Steven L. Miller. But Victor, what a, what a great conversation. Thank you so much. You're always so giving. Thank you. Professionally and personally. Great to see you. Thank you. And we'll see you all again tomorrow. Got a lot in store for you. You're gonna enjoy it. See you that Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.