
Under Biden American's cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


Sitting through a lecture won't sharpen the people skills required to lead a company. That's why at UVA Darden, the moment you set foot on grounds, you are immersed in a dialogue driven environment that simulates real world business scenarios and calls for real leadership action. Our top ranked faculty design a curriculum that empowers you to lead your peers, manage teams, and drive measurable results. Ranked the number one public business school in the country. Darden stands apart, not just for what we teach, but how UVA Darden not business school.


As usual, Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. I hope everyone out there enjoyed their Mother's Day weekend because the news cycle has quickly moved into overdrive. Yes. For those of you who listen to am update, you are stuck with me for today's podcast, not my three wonderful children who anchored the AM update today. If you missed it, you missed a treat. It is still available on all of our podcast feeds and on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly.


More on that in just a bit. It's another day of deals for President Trump. I mean, it's really insane what just happened at the White House. Truly like what just happened with the prescription drugs is it is earth shattering. We're gonna talk about it in just a minute. Also, a sort of trade deal with China. We're gonna pause the retaliatory tariffs on one another for 90 days while we work it out. But it seems like they have the framework for a deal. And you know, people like Charles Gasparino who's been defensive of President Trump saying, look, he had to do this because of the bond markets, because of what was happening. The, there's just a, a trade war with China is not winnable, is what he was saying.


Given our economic status right now, our debt and how much we need to service it, and so on. And so his take on why we have this pause with China was we had to, that smart people went to Trump and said, you've got to stop this. The United States economy cannot handle it. We need them as badly as they need us. And so the White House is sort of saying, see, I'm playing chess and I'm winning. And smart guys like Charles, who doesn't have TDS, he's a Trump fan, actually are saying, look, the reality is this was not a winnable war. So whatever, it's good that it's paused. That's his take for what it's worth.


Also, this, I, I mentioned this new executive order on prescription drug prices. I'm gonna get to that a deal to release the last American hostage in Gaza. He's got dual citizenship, American and Israeli, and he's coming home. Trump said he thinks today. And then there's this issue of an Air Force, one gift, which he spoke to Trump did when he had a pressor this morning at nine 30, we're gonna get into all of it. Joining me for the full show today, Walter Kern, editor at large for County Highway and co-host of the America this week podcast.


Since President Trump's election, the eyes of the nation have been on Mar-a-Lago and the free state of Florida. It is a thriving, booming place. South Florida is a special place because of its amazing water for boating, swimming, fishing, and drinking. Well, today clean water is endangered by toxic algae. Did you know that you may have heard of red tide or blue green algae? It can be dangerous and it can be gross. In his first term, President Trump signed a law to solve the problem with a new reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee to keep clean, fresh water flowing constantly to South Florida. President Trump said, after years of rebuilding other nations, we are finally rebuilding our nation. Washington can finish the job in next year's budget and keep President Trump's promise. The Everglades Foundation, our advertiser, says that would be very good for Florida and good for the Everglades. Learn more about President Trump's Everglades support project@evergladesfoundation.org.


Walter, welcome back to the show. Great to have you. Great to be here. Okay, so let's start with this prescription drug thing because this is huge. Like this one's actually really big. Just as a way of history, for those who haven't been following this, Trump in his first term, tried to take this on the fact that big pharma won't negotiate with our government. Our government won't negotiate with big pharma to protect us on the prices that we have to pay. Trump tried to do it and got sued. He tried to do it just with respect to Medicare. He got sued by big pharma and he lost because technically it's Congress's job to negotiate these prices.


And so it's, it's, it's a question of constitutional authority. So big pharma sued saying you don't have the authority as president to do an end around Congress. And they won because of separations of powers. Big pharma doesn't give a shit about separation of powers. Big pharma wants to charge us a lot of money, but they used to constitution to shut down Trump's effort in term one. Then comes Joe Biden. Okay, so now there was an attempt, and this one was successful to make us negotiate on, I think it was first eight, and then it was 10 drugs for Medicare only. So the government could negotiate with big pharma on these now 10 drugs. That's it. Out of the universe of drugs.


And it's not a lot. And it's only under Medicare. And now Trump comes in, and by the way, this has always been more of like a Democrat thing and Republicans have more, well, I mean they've both been in the pocket of big pharma to be honest. Both sides are totally in the damn pocket of big pharma. And we don't hate big pharma. Big pharma comes up with drugs that can help us, you know, not die. And they come up with miracle drugs like Ozempic, which is helping a lot of very, very obese people get down to much more healthy weights. So it's not to demonize big pharma, but they're also disgusting. They're disgusting in so many ways. They're absolute pigs when it comes to exploiting, especially the American consumer. And Anna Casper, who's with the Young Turks, she's a Democrat, she's a liberal, she's great, she's very reasonable.


She's been on this program a number of times and this has been one of her main issues. She's the one who has got my attention on it, trying to say, what the F, why aren't we doing this? Why aren't we as a government more protective of our own people? And why are we allowing big pharma to charge Americans a thousand dollars a month for some drugs that they, the same manufacturers charge people in in Denmark, $50 a month for, so the same drug, you could be paying $50 for it if you live in Denmark and you could pay a thousand dollars for it if you live in the United States. And do we have Anna cut?


Do we? We, she was going off on this, okay, in any event, she was, she was showing the bullet points in particular on Ozempic. And I realized that's a very popular drug. But you could do this with a lot of other drugs where go, you go around the world and we, the suckers in America are subsidizing the world's cheap use of these drugs and it's bullshit. She played a soundbite of Bernie Sanders and as you know, Bernie and Trump kind of are at the horseshoe ends of the same ideological spectrum. You know, Trump got there from the right, Bernie got there from the left and they wound up kind of close to each other.


And a number of issues in the crossover amongst fans is kind of interesting with those two. And she played this Bernie soundbite where he was asked, 'cause he's been pushing for the ability for us to negotiate on drug costs for a while where he was asked by an M-S-N-B-C anchor about it. Watch, why Does Nova Nordis, in your opinion, charge so much more for Americans to get this drug? I know exactly why. So does everybody else, throughout the entire world, there are national health programs, which by the way, in most cases guarantee healthcare to all of their people. And they sit down and they negotiate with the drug companies and they say, you know what?


You can't charge us any price you want. Let's sit down and talk about a reasonable price here in the United States. Until last year, you had the insane situation where the drug companies could charge any price they wanted for any reason. Second of all, let's not check ourselves. The pharmaceutical industry is enormously powerful. They have over 1800 well-paid lobbyists in Washington DC right now. Former leaders of the Republican Party, the Democratic Party, very nonpartisan. They'll give money to anybody. Okay, and here's, just to put some more meat on those bones, Walter, she was showing a map that she, that was from the M-S-N-B-C segment with Bernie on this, just for the example Ozempic, that that costs about a thousand dollars per month in the United States before insurance in Canada.


It goes for a hundred forty seven, fifty $9 in Germany, $96 in Sweden, 103 in the Netherlands, 144 in Switzerland, $83 in France. Why did the Americans have to pay a thousand dollars for the exact same drug that she points out can be manufactured for less than $5 a month per a study performed by Yale and King's College Hospital in London. This is what Trump is trying to get at with this extraordinary executive order. He now says on all drugs, not just Medicare, we're gonna start negotiating.


We're not going to be the world's piggy bank where they make all their money in the United States and then sell it cheaply to everybody else. And that he says this could save people up to 80% on their drug costs. Number one, there's likely to be another lawsuit by big pharma saying this is an inappropriate end around Congress. And number two, it'll be really interesting to see how the Democrats react to Donald Trump pushing this kind of Bernie Blessed program when it comes to pharmaceuticals. There you go. You take it Walter, Is this a country of politics or a country of issues? Because in this case, Bernie and Trump agree and Bernie has been loud on this matter for a long time.


He should get his butt over to the White House and show some solidarity on this because they're going to kn it against the greatest lobby in American life next to the, I suppose, military industrial complex. The fact is that drugs like Ozempic and this one in particular are not that complex. It's a peptide called semaglutide. It can be bought cheaply as the peptide itself in its patented drug form. It's made more expensive. But the excuse that the US has to pay higher prices, vastly higher prices in order to subsidize the research and development of these drugs so that the rest of the world can benefit from lower prices is ridiculous.


But it has been the fig leaf, the massive fig leaf that they have used to cover their profiteering for decades, really under Obamacare. There was a real conspicuous emission because the supposed aim of the bill of, of the legislation was to lower prices for American healthcare, but it did not include negotiation with drug companies for, you know, lower prices. Everybody noticed that at the time that carve out as it were. And now Trump's ending it. And frankly this is a de, this is a demolition job on mere partisanship because just as you quoted the Young Turks person, if we can't get together on this, then we can't get together on anything.


Yes. So it's what's been happening in Congress is they're bought and paid for. I mean that's really the bottom line. Big pharma as the audience knows and experience firsthand during Covid with Pfizer, is it, it it owns the US Congress. They make tons of money and then they buy congressmen and women so that they won't do anything to change the picky bank system. And they don't, neither side is innocent. Megan, you and I both attended the RFK junior confirmation hearings. I happen to know I was only one row away from you. And I think we saw there both Bernie and, and Elizabeth Warren Hectoring, the man who wanted to pressure big pharma and challenge them on all sorts of fronts from the effectiveness of their drugs to testing drugs like the vaccines and so on, and prices.


And they were acting like they were lawyers for Pfizer. Well, everybody's a lawyer for Pfizer if they're getting paid by them. And I'm afraid, Bernie, you know, he, you know, makes it a little complicated. He gets a lot of money from them. He gets it from their employees and he claims that he gets it, you know, one little bit at a time. And it doesn't represent management contributing to his cause. But he, he, it's a massive set of donations to him and to the Democrats. And he can prove his independence if you'd like, by coming together with Trump. And if they think there are some problems with this executive order or the particular way that it's going to happen, that's fine.


But the principle has been agreed on, as you say, by the horseshoe for a while. So it's time to do something for the American people. And we must transcend TDS in certain cases. I wish we did in most cases or all, but if we can't do it here, I don't know where we're going to start. Yeah, yeah. So, so is there, you know, he's in Congress, obviously he is a UA sitting US senator, but good luck convincing your fellow congressmen to actually do this once and for all. And that's the reason why Trump tried to do an end around the do nothing congress because he's, he isn't bought and paid for by Big Pharma, but failed because the court said, sorry sir, this is not within your remit.


But today Trump spoke to that at the end. He had a presser at nine 30 talking about this and, and the Chinese deal. And it was at this presser that he signed the executive order and he had his health team with him, Jay bad of NIH Robert F. Kennedy Jr. Of HHS Amendment, Oz of Medicare. Obviously he's going to be involved in this too. And I think Marty McCarry was there of FDA. So Trump got up there and said, basically, I dare you, I dare you now Democrats in Congress to defy me on this. So Trump seems pretty clear, I'm sure he is been told you tried this in Trump 1.0 and you got sued successfully. As you know, you don't have this executive power.


'cause once again, he's using executive power, which is probably going to get stopped by a court just as soon as big pharma files a lawsuit. But as Trump's already baking that in saying, I dare the Democrats in Congress to not pass this in. The big beautiful bill that, that they're working on right now. The, you know, the, the big money bill that's gonna raise taxes or lower taxes or whatever, they're working it out because he said, How are you gonna look at your constituents and say you, you finally had the chance in legislation that would have Republican support in the Congress and the support of the sitting president ready to sign it, to finally give the government this power to negotiate on the drug prices.


And you refused to do it, which is very clever to put this in the big beautiful bill and frame it that way. Well, it's not only clever, it's absolutely essential in a time of budget cutting, particularly to do something like this. Because the biggest client, the biggest patient in the United States, so to speak, is the United States government. It's, it's, it's the taxpayer who pays for these drugs in so many cases, you know, through all kinds of programs. And it's gonna save us collectively a lot of money and individually, you know, untold amount of money in family budgets.


I I just think that it was time that Trump really held their feet to the fire on the social issues and the populist programs that they ca claim to support. Yeah. And I, I think it's a, it's a master stroke. I did a little reporting on it last night. They've kept it very close. We were all taken by surprise. I'm shocked that it didn't leak. And pharma's counter attack is gonna be interesting because it will be somewhat deceptive already. They're trying to, to argue that somehow this is a blow against the third world, which will no longer, you know, have the benefit of our subsidized drug research.


And I've even seen people say, well, they're trying to solve immigration by killing all the people that would immigrate here by, oh geez. You know, I mean, it's going to be hysterical like you haven't seen. Meanwhile, it's like the Democrats are the ones who claim that they've been for this, you know. So let's, let's see. I mean, Robert Kennedy, RFKJ got out there today and was, he seemed genuinely stunned. I mean, he knew it was coming, obviously, but he, I I think even he didn't have hopes this high that Trump would do something like this. Here he was earlier this morning, so too, This was the fulcrum of Bernie Sanders runs for presidency. That he was gonna eliminate this discrepancy.


And it's one of these promises that politicians make to their constituents knowing that they'll never have to do it. 'cause they know that Congress is controlled in so many ways by the pharmaceutical industry. 'cause we now have a, a president who is a man of his word, who has the courage. President Trump was taking money from the pharmaceutical industry too. I think they gave you a hundred million dollars, but he can't be bought. There's writers like Lord Elizabeth Warren or Robert Reich who are saying that President Trump is on this side of the Oli Arks. There has never been a president more willing to stand up to the Oli Arks.


I never thought that this would happen in my lifetime. I have a couple of kids who are, Democrats are big Bernie Sanders fans. And when I told them that this was gonna happen, they had tears in their eyes. Wow. Frankly, I have tears in my eyes. Not this moment, but I did because I'll tell you why. The, the price of drugs, especially drugs that are for limited or, or sort of small diseases that don't create a big market, you know, where the cost can't be spread across. A lot of patients can be absolutely ruinous. You say, a thousand dollars a prescription, let's talk 200,000.


I mean, there are drugs for things like hepatitis and, and, and, and for various cancers and so on that are, you know, shocking. There are Rolls Royce and we're, we're gonna change lives here. We're gonna prevent families from going into bankruptcy, we're going to cut the budget. And lastly, there has been talk about pharma ads on tv. It is not just Congress that pharma controls Megan, it's M-S-N-B-C and CNN and Fox and the other cable news networks that we're all familiar with through sub through, through carrying about 70% of the weight with their advertising. In some cases. Now that influence totally deformed our covid response and maybe guided it to some extent.


If you really wanna be serious about it, that influence is gone. You can't advertise if you don't have the money. And that money, that big giant pot of profits that was on a $5 drug, you know, $995 a dose or whatever, is not going to be poured into these influence operations going forward, except in the short term because there's no way they want this to come to, to come to pass. That's right. So he, the, the executive order, I'll just read a bit from the beginning of it. He says, it says purpose the US has less than 5% of the world's population and yet funds around three quarters of global pharmaceutical profits.


This egregious imbalance is orchestrated through a purposeful scheme in which drug manufacturers deeply discount their products to access foreign markets and subsidize that decrease through enormously high prices in the USA, the US has for too long turned its back on Americans who unwittingly sponsor both drug manufacturers and other countries. These entities today rely on price markups on American consumers. Generous public subsidies for research and development, primarily through the NIH and robust public financing of prescription drug consumption through the federal and state healthcare programs. Drug manufacturers, rather than seeking to equalize evident price discrimination, agree to other countries demands for low prices and simultaneously fight against the ability for public and private payers in the US to negotiate the best prices for patients, the inflated prices in the US fuel global innovation.


While foreign health systems get a free ride. This abuse of Americans generosity who deserve low cost pharmaceuticals on the same terms as other developed nations must end Americans will no longer be forced to pay almost three times more for the exact same medications often made in the exact same factories as the largest purchaser of pharmaceuticals. Americans should get the best deal. And while I need to pour over this thing more closely, 'cause it's several pages long, single spaced and pretty dense, he's saying that he, he's addressing Kennedy and Medicare, which would be Dr.


Oz to negotiate with the drug company saying, you better give us, you know, like if you're gonna, again just, just to stay on the Ozempic 'cause it's easy to understand. Okay, sure. You're charging Germans $59 for that drug. 'cause this is by Novo Nordisk, which is a, a company from Denmark. Yeah, okay. Novo, you're charging Germans $59 for this medication and you're charging Americans 1000. It's a no and to start the negotiation with them directly, like, we are not going to allow you to pay to charge that in the United States. And then this thing also says, and if you cannot reach a new agreement, then there's going to be basically a price set by the United States without your buy-in.


That's what hi, his executive order says like, we'll try to work it out with you. If you don't wanna strike a deal, we'll just do it. So it's in your interest to strike a deal with us. Again, this will be subject to a legal challenge. Go ahead Walter. Well, here's a case of a non-American company, a Danish company that's stiffing the United States, but not the country next door, Germany. Why is that? It's because, Yeah, and they're not poor and developing. They've got plenty of money. Well, but Megan, they have been acting poor and developing almost since World War ii and for a while they were, they were devastated by war, you know, for several decades and trying to get back on their feet. But the truth is, we have been subsidizing European socialized medical programs.


Yes. In other, in in other words. And in so many ways we've been doing that our, our military payments and our undue supportive NATO has allowed them to not have militaries of their own and pour money into social programs. The social programs themselves have been subsidized in ways like this where they negotiate, they get good prices from companies. And we don't, in other words, we're carrying the weight for the world. And this, in this case, that has nothing to do with development. The recent certain development isn't going on in the United States. We're simply paying for it. Now how they got that deal and through what influence is, you know, something we should investigate later, but that it should go on is something we need to deal with yesterday.


Yeah. Okay. So staying on the weight loss drug. 'cause it's just easy to understand. No vote. So the, the defense by big pharma is always, we, we spend so much money on research and development, you know, like you can't start pinching us on the profits because they go not only to just, you know, our bottom line, but they are a reward for the billions in r and d that went into developing these drugs and numbers back to, but They can, but they can still have their profits. Megan, it's just that the pa the, the subsidies for them will be more evenly distributed between countries and customers. That's right. Okay. So here's, here's what they say that Novo Nordisk, they declined to provide production costs for Ozempic and it's weight loss drug counterpart we wegovy, but the Danish drug maker noted that it spent almost 5 billion on r and d last year and will spend more than 6 billion on a recent deal to boost manufacturing to meet the demand for these drugs.


So they're crying that they have to manufacture, it's in such demand that they, they have to pay $6 billion to develop even more of it. No one's crying any tears for you over that. Wow. And they're, but they're crying about the 5 billion that it took to develop it. However, their profits for 2023 and 2024 equal no, no. For one year. It's one year, one year operating profit, I think it was either 2023 or 2024 was equivalent to 15 billion US dollars. Their largest profit since 1989. So they profited in one year, 15 billion largely off of that drug.


And they want us to cry and pay a thousand dollars a month because it costs them 5 billion to develop it. It all has to fall on the Americans. And we're supposed to feel sorry for the drug company that's only gonna net what, like 8 billion instead of 15 billion if they charge us a fair price versus everybody else. Listen, I I don't understand why they're still paying development costs and research costs on a drug that they've already developed and frankly, which is a rather simple substance compound. And as far as you know, manufacturing and gearing up to make more of it because of overwhelming demand.


Well, what other industry tells you that in order for us to gear up to meet the demand, you know, we need crazy, almost unlimited ability to charge you, you know, if, if Ford had a hit car and it said w we've gotta build new factories to, to turn out the number of cars that people wanna buy and, and we've gotta keep those prices really high in order to do that. That's the opposite of what I just heard. Isn't there something called economies of scale? The more you sell the the cheaper right? And the more you have to make the cheaper of it is to manage, manufacture each unit. Yes.


So here's Dr. Jay Bachar talking about how they, they're not anti-drug company, you know, they understand it's an important industry in the United States and to the American people. And he runs NIH here's what he had to say. What we're going to do is, is make sure that those prices become much closer to equal, like the, like a competitive market you'd expect. Right now what's happening is the American people are subsidizing at in large, large fraction the, the research and development efforts for drug companies around the world. By the higher prices that we pay with this new order, Europe will share the burden of that. And in fact, if, if you may think of it as as like an an as somehow it's like it's, it's going after drug companies.


Actually it's helping drug companies. Because what we're also going to do with this order, what President Trump has done with this order is he's said to to European governments, look, if you are taking advantage of the drug companies by forcing them to charge very, very low prices, we're gonna defend American drug companies. And that, I think Walter, is why the pharma stocks went up after Trump's pressor. Dr. Bache explained that and Trump explained it too, which was if these foreign countries continue that can afford these drugs at a higher level continue to act like they're paupers and not pay at least the American drug drug companies a fair price for the drugs, then I don't know what Trump's gonna do.


Tear off them. He's going to do something to try to exact a penalty on these countries that have deep pockets but have been grifting off of us for too long. And that's why I was watching CNBC this morning, something I very rarely do. And this the big pharma stocks were down then Trump held his presser and immediately they all started to climb because I think they heard that there is some measure of comfort being built in there, at least for the American big pharma companies. Let me launch a rather elaborate metaphor, but a colorful one. The United States is like a member of a family who hits it big in Hollywood and they suddenly become rich and they have a big house and you know, money coming in and all of a sudden all the relatives say, Hey man, can you help me with, help me with my car payment?


Hey, my, my son just got sick. Can you help with his hospital bills? And then after a while that arrangement becomes institutionalized. Meanwhile, all the greedy relatives are doing quite well, but they decide we have to cry poor in order to keep living off. You know, our movie star cousin at this, at this point, the movie star is about to lose his mansion. He's mortgaged it 10 times and he's got problems of his own. And it's time for the rest of the family to step up. If if yes, if we, if we go down to paying 400 per dose and they go up from 90 to paying 400, the pharmaceutical company actually hasn't lost it.


Could go do its precious development and research all day long. But what's happened is that there is once again some sort of fairness in the family. I love that. That is so good. I've got it. That I I love that analogies, they help me understand, here's Trump trying to explain the weight loss drug disparity. 'cause that one's just so obvious and in a way that only Trump can take a listen to thought. One. I mean, I'll tell you a story. A friend of mine who's a, a businessman, very, very, very top guy. Most of you would've heard of him, a highly neurotic, brilliant businessman, seriously overweight.


And he takes the fat, the fat shot drug. And he called me up and he said, president, he calls me p he used to call me Donald. Now he calls me president. So that's nice respect. But he's a rough guy, smart guy, very successful, very rich. I wouldn't even know how we would know this, but very fat. He's got comment said, president, could I ask you a question why I'm in London and I just paid for this damn fat drug I take, I said, it's not working. He said, he said, I just paid $88 and in New York I paid $1,300. What the hell is going on?


Stole only Trump. Only Trump Walter, Is he gonna go on Broadway after he finishes his presidency? Because could I saw, I saw Jackie Mason on Broadway back when, and he had nothing on Trump. No, this story, but this storytelling side of him is really effective. Just like I just tried to use a call story to, you know, explain things. Trump from tax on, from no tax on tips to other policies often seems to come to his brilliant uncontroversial outrageous ideas by talking to people who are affected by the policies. Yes. Oh my lord, what a revolutionary way to do politics and to, you know, research policy.


Not go through a $10 billion think tank, but ask the waitress, you know, if if she gets too taxed too much on her Tip. That's right. Or ask his very fat friend who's on the fat drug, the fat shot, he's on the fat shot. What, what I love is that embedded in that Megan is he took a shot at the drug itself. He said, it's not working. It's Not working. It's so amazing. So here's the other thing. Now it, it's going to be very interesting this week to see how this plays out because this is not one of those things that the sides are going to immediately know. You know, the sides that don't think for themselves how to handle it, right?


It's like normally it's like, well the Republicans are against quote price controls, which Trump denies that that's what this is. And so they would normally bash somebody in this position. They would definitely bash a Bernie Sanders type, but it's Trump. So what are they gonna do? And then the Democrats would normally be in favor of something like Bernie Sanders. How will he go over to the White House? Will he say I applaud him and I applaud this? Or will his TDS went out where like he just can't support this because it was suggested by Trump. And same for the media, right? The media should like this 'cause they're left-leaning. They should want something like this. But not only is it Trump, but they are controlled by big pharma.


That's who's paying all of their million dollar salaries. I'll just give you one example who could forget Stephen Colbert during the COI nightmare with this little bit on his show. He is dancing with people dressed like the shot and tons of little cartoon shots and a graphic that reads the vax, the a x scene, S-C-E-N-E. And he's dancing with us. Oh my God, okay.


I've seen enough. And he should be dancing 'cause they made him a very rich man That's a cross between cabaret and the Hungryroot games. What we just saw there, that is truly a man singing for his supper and his supper is provided by Pfizer. And if you go over to the actual news channels right up in the corner, it'll say sponsored by Pfizer, you know, the Covid death count sponsored by Pfizer Anderson. Cooper's not gonna like this. Rachel Maddow's not gonna like this, none of those people, but they're gonna have to be very creative in finding a way to question it or oppose it. So I make it a prediction at first they'll try to have their cake and eat it too.


They'll applaud the, the sentiment, the goal, the idea in general. But they'll tell us the execution is terrible and it's going to lead to disastrous consequences for the very poorest among us. I mean especially they'll set, they'll set the damage in places you and I won't ever go, you know, east Africa and so on, and tell us over there. It's just, you know, wreaking devastation. But the fact is that finally they're going to have to come down on one side or the other, especially the politicians. And they're gonna come down on pharma's side if that's who's supporting them. I mean this is, this is a kill shot against the rhetorical hypocrisy of, you know, Democrats and Republicans who always can be for something that will never happen.


Yeah, it's easy to be for lower drug prices when you happen to know from the meetings back at your office with the, you know, Meck president that it's never gonna happen. Now it happened. Yeah. Big pharma hasn't said anything yet. They've been quiet all morning. I'm sure they're getting their, their, you know, next move in line. And I think it's going to be the clothing themselves in patriotism. Like, I'm sorry this is very sad, but it's beyond the president's authority and we believe in separation of powers and you know, oh Lord, he just can't do this. We obtained a court decision saying this is outside of his, you know, the, his power. So sadly we're gonna have to sue him again.


We'd love to lower prices for Americans, but the Constitution won't allow us. So just shoot me. I, it it'll, it's not, it's it's not gonna work this time. This is a slightly different deal too, Megan. This isn't exactly what he tried before. This has to do with other organizations that set drug prices. These, these intermediaries that raise, that raise the price. It's a little bit subtler and a better and it's more gamed out than it was Before. I think you're right. They definitely learned from Trump point, 0.0. We, we've seen that on the immigration front and have no reason to doubt it on, on this front as well. So I, it'll be really fun over the next coming days to watch where things settle.


Okay, let's talk about the Trump plane, which is interesting. Now, this one is also a little complicated. If, if you listen to am update, you know about this story because the Kelly Brunt children told you all about it. Let me just explain what that means for Mother's Day. My three children read my script. 4:00 AM update the morning news headline podcast that we put out on our feed. It's a 15 minute news update to get you started in case you guys have not yet listen to it. I think you'd enjoy it and I think you just especially enjoy it today where the three children, Yates 15, Yardley 14 and Thatcher 11 read the news of the day.


I edited the script along with my producer Julia, and then they tracked it and it was so fun. They, they did it so that I wouldn't have to do it. Although, truth be told, I was there for most of their tracking and we had so much fun, it was hilarious. And we decided for people who listened to it and loved it. 'cause the feedback's been so fun online. Thank you all for commenting that it might be fun to play some of the outtakes, some of the, some of the bloopers, including the moment you will hear it here where a b invaded the studio and there was an errant attempt to kill it while it was still flying, which, you know, never really works out. But take a listen to some of the outtakes here.


Good morning everyone. Well hold on, it's kind of late. I'll do it. The Mayor of Newark arrested amid a clash between ice officials and Democrat lawmakers with DHS saying more cha ah, okay, sorry. There's a really big bee there. Be here. It's, oh my god, it got really close to me. Where, oh, here it's Yellow jacket, Yellow jackets are the one that that stick you out. Mom, mom, just try to get it outta here away from me. Oh my God. It almost landed on me Since being chosen to head the Catholic church, the Pope calling for peace around the world saying we are facing the tragedy of a quote Third ward world.


You can just pick it up With and on all And on all podcast platforms. Good job gates. Can you not do that? So they're normal kids. There's some back and forth. And they had a couple of stumbles but not many. My favorite, it didn't make the real, but was when my little guy was reading a story about the Pope and said something like the pap vestments. We redid it and did papal, but he, I'll tell you, they nailed it. They understood the pronunciations and I was very proud of them and I appreciated their sweet, one of their Mother's Day gifts. They also gave me a baseball cap that reads Gulf of America.


Right on. And a big cozy like snuggy. 'cause I'm always cold and also a mug that reads astronaut, which they understand I am and listeners of the show know what I mean? So the, that's a long way of getting into the Trump airplane saga. So Walter Trump has been offered a $400 million, 7 47 by the Qataris, and the thing looks sick. I have to say the pictures online make it look like spectacular. I mean the, it's so wide. I'm like, can this thing fly the, the, the living room and it looks like I something out of a skyscraper living room, which I guess this is the ultimate skyscraper.


Yeah. Here's some of the pictures. Trump went and took a look at this jet and it was to his liking apparently, and says, I'd love it. Now at first that does sound terrible, that our president will be taking a $400 million gif from the Qataris because there is something under the constitution called the emoluments clause. And we're not allowed our, our any official in a position of public trust is not allowed to take a gift. They're really, they're not allowed to. But Pam Bondy has said he can get around that because this isn't a gift to Trump. It's a gift to our Pentagon. And then when the refurbished Air Force ones that Boeing has been working on for 10 years are finally done 10 years from now, this Qatari plane will be gifted to the Trump Presidential Library.


So it's not a gift and an emolument, which is, that's when you perform a service for a fee. Sure. That Pam Bonney is saying that's not this because he is not performing any service for the Qatari. This is a gift. So, and, and it doesn't, and it's not to a person anyway. The, this is going to be a fight legally. Someone's gonna file lawsuits and the Qataris are saying it's not yet settled. Both sides, legal departments are looking into whether this can fly, so to speak. But Trump's Trump's bitching about it and comp and today was like pissed because he is like, they're offering a $400 million expense that we would otherwise have to pay Air Force one is a mess.


We have two planes that are Air Force one, in my first term, I went to Boeing and said, here are billions of dollars for you to fix these planes, which have, are 40 years old. Trump says, and not only does Trump win again multiple years later, and they're still not done, but again, they are projected to be done no sooner than 2035, which would be 20 years after Trump contracted with Boeing to redo them. Here is a little bit of Trump explaining it today in so five, And I think this was just a gesture of good faith and I don't get it someday it'll be like Ronald Reagan.


They decommission them, you know, they get to a certain age, they decommission them, it'll go to my library. They're talking about going to my library in years out. But I thought it was a great gesture and it's something that was done by Ronald Reagan. They actually decommissioned the plane and he put it in his library and it actually has made the library, I think of Boeing 7 0 7. It's actually made the library more successful. So it was good. Do you plan to use the plane after you leave office? No, I don't. No, it would, it would go directly to the library after, after I leave office, Mr. Resident. I wouldn't, I wouldn't be using Now that's an important addendum that we didn't know yesterday that he doesn't plan on using it for personal use after he leaves office, which does support the argument that it's a gift to America, not to trump per Pam Bondy's logic, and I'll just give you one more, Walter, here's Trump trying to explain how stupid his critics are on this particular issue, sought five BI could say, no, no, no, don't give us, I want to pay you a billion or 400 million or whatever it is.


Or I could say thank you very much. You know, there was an old golfer named Sam Snead. Did you ever hear he won 82 terms? He was a great golfer and he had a motto, when they give you a putt, you say, thank you very much, you pick up your ball and you walk to the next hole. A lot of people are stupid. They say, no, no, I insist on putting it. Then they put it and they miss it and their partner gets angry at 'em. You know what? Remember that Sam Sneed, when they give you a putt, you pick it up and you walk to the next hole and you say thank you very much. So what do you make of it? Because I should say, sorry, one, one other thing I should say, a lot of conservative blowback against the president, even from Nont Trump, Trump derangement syndrome, people saying this is not good.


We should not be taking gifts from the Qataris who are not the best people. Do they not yet know how Trump works? Have they not yet cracked his algorithm? Every week, every few days in case we run out of outages, Trump does something that I call throw the media a chew toy. This is a chew toy. It allows them to sit by the fire and bite, lick slobber at some non-issue, which causes total distraction while he does something like end of war. Now we'll be talking about this Qatari plane all week. I, I can tell you, and by the end of the week we'll find out that the Ukraine, Russia war ended or something while we were on our, you know, slobbering over our chew toy.


But, but you know, so in a way it doesn't matter the specifics because they're always outrageous to be a chew toy. It has to sort of be borderline bad taste and is it legal and is it constitutional? And in some ways it has to be gosh, too, because it's Donald Trump, right? I mean the, the plane has to be over the top. People will be looking at, oh my lord, you know, solid gold toilet paper holders. Yeah. First of all, he's gonna guarantee more attendance at his library if he gets that thing parked and back than any other president in history. He may also not have to build a whole wing on it. People will just, it's a 7 47.


People will just use that as that could be the library. It could be the library, But, but it gets us talking about issues that in a weird way, in the same way, remember how he did an AI or somebody did of him dressed as the pope a week before we got an American pope. And, and, and it got us talking about the Pope and thinking about it in all sorts of ways. And just because that was the chew toy that week was that AI of the Pope. And then it gets us ready for the main course now, gut our gutter, whose name I can never pronounce be I know no one can, You know, it's going to be in the news and part of a lot of negotiations probably coming up. It, it, it, you know, it's for better or for worse part a power player in the Middle East and in the United States.


And suddenly we know who it is. We know what gutter is. Most Americans without this plane wouldn't, they still can't place it on a map and they still can't pronounce it. Look at me. But at least they're aware and me it exists. Yeah. And they're aware it exists suddenly. How interesting is that, Megan? Yeah, I'll make, I'll make a prediction two weeks from now for reasons other than the plane gutter will be in the news, but Americans will already recognize that they're talking about a country when they hear that. Well, we'll see whether anybody actually tries to sue to stop it. I don't know. You know, I my own, my main concern would be can we please make sure that there are absolutely no listening devices or other things left on board that plane because this is our president, our national security officials in the air.


Like we definitely don't trust Qatar. I mean definitely do not. We cannot. And, and Megan, that that's what I first thought too. What he's really doing is he's trolling Boeing. You can't finish your damn planes. And he just trolled bo he just trolled Boeing in the past. You can't get your astronauts down off your space stations. Why do you Have to? They're a mess to keep. They're a mess. Why do we have to keep bailing you out? This is really aimed at Boeing. There should be a massive class action lawsuit against Boeing by the uni, by the United States people, by the American people for all the money we've given them to get what? Nothing according to Trump and nothing for another 10 years on top of it. This is actually an epic fail.


You get, you get tasked by the federal government to make, to refurbish two existing planes and you still can't do it. I mean, it's absolutely disgusting. They're apparently way over budget and way behind the deadline. What a shock. Okay, so that's Qatar gutter, whatever. You guys got it. There is a lot going on though. I mean, we kind of sort of stopped the budding war between India and Pakistan. We kind of sort of reached a deal with China to stand down on the tariffs. We're bringing home an American hostage. And yes, the media's very focused on this c Chew toy more with Walter right after this.


Securing a home with simply safe is one of the easiest and most important decisions you can make. Arming the system ensures that your family and possessions are protected. Whether stepping out for the day or settling in for the night, this small action delivers something priceless. Peace of mind. SimpliSafe provides protection in a crisis with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out in the morning or when locking up each night, if someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents see and speak to them in real time. Activate spotlights and even contact the police all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans start affordably at around $1 a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Visit Simply safe.com/ Megan to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's simply with an i safe.com/ Megan. There's no safe, like simply safe.


Hi everyone, this is former White House Pres secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid.


It Was brought to you by Pfizer, CBS Health Watch, sponsored by Pfizer Anderson. Cooper 360, brought to you by Pfizer, a BC News Nightline brought to you, you by Pfizer making a difference. Brought to you by Pfizer, CNN Tonight, brought to you by Pfizer. Early start, brought to you by Pfizer. Friday night on Aaron Burnett Out front, brought to you by Pfizer this week with George Stephanopoulos is brought to you by Pfizer. This Weather report brought to You by Pfizer. Today's countdown to the royal wedding is brought to you by Pfizer. And now a CBS sports update brought to you by Pfizer.


Meet the press data download, brought to you by Pfizer. This portion of CBS this morning, sponsored by Pfizer on How to find the hidden sugars in the American Family Diet sponsored by Pfizer. That is unbelievable. That was put together by a woman named Whitney Webb on X back in 2021. And welcome back to the Megan Kelly shower with Walter Kern, editor at large of County Highway. That's really, that underlines the problem, does it not? They own everyone. Not us, not you, but in media. The 99% of media is getting paid by Pfizer and that's just one of them. That's just one drug company That was like a satire like Running Man or something like that.


You know, where they have everybody in the game show where they, you know, somebody dies brought to you by Pfizer and not just by Pfizer. Because I always look at the subliminal message brought to you by the oval blue pill that Pfizer is famous for Viagra, right? I mean, in in other words that, that, that's the subtle message there. Pfizer helping America, you know, get it on. But I Mean, that is a helpful drug I'm sure like that and their weight loss drug. And I'm sure there are a lot of other Pfizer drugs that are helpful. It's just they shouldn't own our politicians or our media. Well, and here's the thing, it's been pointed out that pharmaceutical advertising isn't really to the customer because you and I can't go out and buy those things, can we?


We have to go through a doctor. Those are influence ads. Those are ads meant to own the media so that in the general flow of events and issues, Pfizer's lobbying and Pfizer's agenda are at the top of the news. That's exactly right. It's really, it's bad. One other follow up to our discussion on the fat drug, what do you call it? Fat? The fat shot. The fat Drug shot. The fat shot. The Jason Callis, a JAL of the All In podcast, who's, he comes on the show and is very funny. He tweeted out, in response to that soundbite I played where he Trump was like, I talked to my fat friend and investor, he is, made a lot of money about the fat drug and Jason retweeted it saying, Mr.


President, this was a private conversation Next time. Check with me first. Well, I I, I thought he was talking about Pritzker the whole time. Me too. That's what I was picturing. It couldn't be. Yes, exactly. Well, Tru Trump has that magical ability to put pictures in your head, even if they're not the ones that are in intended. But it's so True. Like when he said it didn't work and he took sort of shots at it and he said his friend's neurotic. He painted a picture that's just indelible. And and I don't think America now has a better comedian, salesman, troll and politician than Donald Trump.


He's taken all four hats. Yeah. So, by the way, then Debbie Murphy, my producer, told me Jason Callis used to be heavy and apparently first became famous ish for becoming a weight loss blogger. They said that in 2007. In 2007, he was credited with starting an internet trend after he called fat blogging. That he called fat blogging after being fed up with being overweight via the LA Times In 2007, they said about 10,000 people visit his website each day to read his business ideas musing on tech and potshots at rival entrepreneurs. Then he pulled an Oprah on his audience and became the guru to a budding movement of fat bloggers.


He decided he was fed up. He used to be a spelt 1 65 pounds and then ballooned to 207 after working night and day at his desk. And as he lost the money, the weight he, he blogged about it. So I it's a, it's a funny joke. It wasn't actually him 'cause he's slim now, but very funny. Okay, moving on the China deal. I do think this is interesting. I don't know whether this is a win or a loss. I don't, I haven't understood the tariffs from the moment Trump started them, but I just wanna tell the audience this is what he's announcing today he has said that the reciprocal tariff, this is Scott Besson who announced it, the reciprocal tariff on China, where we, we jacked ours up to 1 25 and then they jack theirs up on us to 1 25 for all goods is now going to 10%.


Beijing is gonna cut its retaliatory levies on US goods to 10% too. So we're both going from 1 25 to 10%, a separate 20% tariff that Trump imposed for China's role in the Fentanyl Pro product problem will remain. We're not removing that. And that's good because fentanyl's, a scourge on our nation US said the reductions will last for 90 days while the talks continue. Wall Street Journal pointing out, of course this tariff rate is still much higher than when Trump took, Trump took office where it was 11% and now if you do 10% plus the 20, it's at 30. But they're saying overall, if you factor in all those sort of increases for this, that, or the other, it's about 39% right now according to the Citibank team.


So it's higher. We're definitely charging more for Chinese goods to come into this country. But Bestin says the consensus as the US met with China over the weekend was that we will reach a fuller trade agreement. That quote, neither side wants a decoupling. Stocks are surging all over the board. Now, in response to this, the market's thrilled and I'll just read you what Charlie Gasparino said, 'cause I trust him. He, he does not hate Trump at all and has been defending him on most things. He's the business reporter, senior business reporter at Fox. Every major trader slash investor I spoke to today said, markets are ripping not because Trump crafted some great new art of the deal with China on trade, rather, we're back to square one with the country and kicking the tariff war can down the road that averts stagflation in the short term and maybe longer if we get a deal after 90 days.


Yes, markets love trade capitulation. And he went on to say that Trump was really forced to do this. I mean, he went on to say it's like it had to happen. The markets were just too bad. The bond market in particular, there was no way for him to keep this rolling and that Trump, you know, promised a lot. But the truth is, the bond market in particular responded so negatively to this war with China that we had to wave the white flag and China had to wave for the white flag. And there's a lot of white flag waving that, you know, Trump's gonna take credit for. But it, I think the idea is he created the problem and now he's solving the problem. But like, does he get credit for solving the problem he created?


Others are saying, no, something had to be done about this and getting the world's attention on this trade imbalance and what China's been doing is a win in and of itself. I dunno, any thoughts on tariffs? Well, if I don't have any thoughts on tariffs, that means I'm the only person in America who doesn't because we had more experts grow up overnight on tariffs than almost any other issue in my lifetime. Yes. So you were humble enough to say, I don't understand what this has all been about since the beginning. I sort of understand it. My job is to educate myself on these things. And I'll say this, have you ever negotiated anything?


Of course you have Megan, you've negotiated salaries, you've negotiated contracts, book contracts, even I have done that. And at the beginning of negotiations, a lot of things are said that cause people to go, oh no, it's gonna break down. This is gonna destroy everything. I won't get a book published at all. Oh, I won't get in the movie if, if if I play too tough. But negotiations are the beginning of a game and a rough game when it involves China and the US and trillions of dollars that we're doing it at all is a plus. You know, that we're examining this at all, that we're at the table, that we're playing this rather rough, you know, contest I think is good.


Number two, both Trump and China have one thing in common. They like to save face. It's thought to be a perennial feature of certain Asian cultures. That saving face is almost more important than actually winning things. And in Trump's case, being able to brag and thump his chest and beat Donald Trump is also very important. So you've got two very proud and very vain partners in this negotiation who are finding a way for each other to save face. But they both have real objectives on Trump's part. He wants to bring back manufacturing to some extent.


He wants to reduce this trade deficit and he wants to kind of bring back especially very vital mm industries, chip making various defense technologies and so on. I think we're closer to getting those things than we were before. I And you said both sides are waving the white flag. Well that, that, that's logically impossible. You can't have double surrender. Well, You can I just say this, another tweet from Charles said, breaking economists still trying to figure out what concessions on trade China agreed to. He said, I know this sounds sarcastic, but it's true, Megan.


It was only years after the Cuban Missile Crisis that we found out that Kennedy made a deal with the Russians to withdraw missiles from Turkey. The Cuban Missile crisis for many years was portrayed it as a total American win. We backed down the Soviet Union and they took their missiles out of Cuba. We later found out that we made a huge concession in order to get that. So the thought that we can look behind the curtain and know who's won what and who's getting what and where it's leading at this early date is, is folly. But I think it's important for both sides that the things that they do concede they're not embarrassed by.


No, I that's, that's clear. He goes on to say this. I think that this is another, a good one from Charlie, and it makes some sense to me. This is from this morning breaking in, talking to sources who run small businesses. The pause with China came just as their companies. I, I think he's talking about American companies were on the precipice of disaster since they sourced so much of their material from China. And the containers coming from China were coming back empty. If you wanna know why we were as desperate for a deal as the Chinese, it's because small businesses, a key MAGA constituency was about to get crushed. So I guess, you know, time will tell where whether this was a good idea or a bad idea, but a, a reset seemed in order because the trade disparities were pretty severe between us and many other countries.


And I know we're not supposed to care. It's not supposed to be a thing. But the other thing is, if Trump really wanted to use tariffs to raise money, which was one of the debates, is he just doing this to raise money? Or does he actually wanna tr fix trade disparities? I'd like to see the receipts on it, right? Have we, Trump keeps saying that we've earned all sorts of money, we've made all sorts of money on these. I'd love to see the accounting on it. I I, I've seen some of it, whether it's accurate or not. And it's pretty modest given the, the, the voracious needs of the US Treasury, you know, and, and spending it, it's not something that's gonna replace the income tax certainly tomorrow.


But at the same time, the principle of raising money off of people who wanna trade with us and just as in the drug, pharmaceutical drug issue, creating a little bit more of a level playing field after, you know, years of what Trump contends is being taken advantage of. You can be content with marginal gains if you're moving in the right directions. And also this negotiation isn't over. It'll probably be going on in some fashion for the first half of it is his administration. Okay, so let's keep going. There was this big skirmish over the weekend in Newark at an ice facility where federal officials arrested Roz Bacca, the Democratic mayor of Newark, and a candidate for governor of New Jersey after a confrontation that also involved three members of Congress at a new immigration detention facility in Newark.


They went there, they say we were just innocently there. We just wanted to take a look at the facility. That's part of our oversight responsibilities. And it resulted in ice officials trying to stop them. A confrontation ensued. You can see them getting aggressive and I mean, what looks like an assault, I don't know, it looks like pretty aggressive behavior by the lawmakers. They say it was aggressive behavior by the ice officers. In any event, now the Democratic mayor of Newark is, has been arrested and Democrats are freaking out, including a OC who came out and spoke to this today. I think we have the A OC sat, Dewey do. We DHS is allegedly looking into arresting members of Congress who were showing up for their legal and constitutional obligation to conduct oversight.


If anyone's breaking the law in this situation, it's not members of Congress, it's the Department of Homeland Security. It's people like Tom Holman and Secretary Christie. No, you lay a finger on someone on Representative Bonnie Watson Coleman on representative or any of the rep representatives that were there. You lay a finger on them, we are going to have a problem. Okay, then we do because they were forced to lay a finger on them because they behaved like brute. Let me show you. This is released by DHS representative Lamonica MacGyver. You can almost see a OC almost list her name and then stop herself because the video of this woman does not reflect some sweet, peaceful little congressional overseer there just to take a look at things and not cause problems.


Here she is in this video making physical contact with ice officers in a scrum. After the mayor's arrest on Fridays eight, she's in red. Look at her shoving, shoving forward through an ice agent. She's bothering that ice agent, not the other way around. Look, she's shoving, she's actually like almost punching. Look at that. Shoved another police officer that's assault. She too should be in jail. So much for AOCs warnings and protestations about who the real offender is here.


Walter, Don't wear red. If you plan to be an aggressive riot, a rioter. I mean, I could follow It's riding 1 0 1. I could follow every move. Everybody else was a dull green and uniforms and so on. And here's this big, you know, scarlet cardinal throwing her weight around it and, and and, and, and, and I mean, we've been talking about weight loss drugs, but she had a lot of hef to throw around it and, and you know, that matters in fighting that matters. They do. It's true. You know, arrange fighting by weight class and I'd be running. Yeah, she, she was in the upper classes of the weight class thing there.


Okay? So, you know, since January 6th we've been told that any form of unruly behavior on the part of people who you know, are protesting government policy is it is terrible. It insurrection tantamount to overthrowing the constitution. But of course this isn't, they, they want a special category for this. They're just doing oversight. It looked like black Thursday, Megan, everything in American politics is starting to look like black Thursday. You know, as people try to get that cheap Walmart TV before the rest of the people that our, that that our civic life and, and congress people are adding to this has degenerated into some kind of donnybrook that you'd see outside, you know, a best buy on Black Friday, right?


Is, is really sad. And, and, and I I hate to be, I, I don't mean to be conspiratorial, but they were there knowing this was going to happen. They were there, they Wanted the attention. They were there to get in people's faces, and she wore red for it. The same way you wear red to an awards dinner. So you'll stick out and, and, and, and AOCs, you lay a finger, all this kind of jenny from the block. You know, I'm just Bronx girl telling you, you know, what's going on. This, this, I, I hate to put it this way, but this kind of, you know, stratification of our politics where everybody acting like, you know, there are Crip or a blood or a, you know, Latin King or Whatever.


Crockett Yeah, Jasmine Crockett is it, it's not a, an orchestrated plan, but it seems to be something, it, it seems to be a, a, a temptation that they're all giving into, you know, maybe this kinda works on tv. Maybe American voters are at the point where we can just turn this into, you know, wrestling. Not, not like wrestling, but wrestling Actual, yeah, yeah. Your comment about don't wear red to the, the protest if you don't wanna, you know, be seen. Reminded me of one of my favorite moments on Twitter ever, where it was one of those situations where two people committed a crime and then one called the other and got them on tape admitting the crime.


And the p the piece of advice was, you know, pro, pro tip, when you have committed a crime with another person and that person calls you up after the fact and tries to go over every detail of the crime you committed together, the only proper response is no, that is not a thing. That's, that's it. There's, you know exactly what's happening. That is not a thing. Do not wear the cardinal red to the protest unless you wish to be caught on camera. And here's more of representative Lamonica, MacGyver, democrat of New Jersey, verbally berating the ice agents on the scene.


Get I, you you, She's touching the ice agent For life. He took, He assaulted me. I Filing a complaint, complaint, I filing a complaint like that. So there, she plays the victim. You have the nerve to put your hands on me after the video we just saw where she was actually physically touching and pushing and assaulting.


It's right there on the videotape. Multiple ice agents and law enforcement agents. There's more video of it. We'll show you here. This is video one. This is released by DHS appearing to show her making physical contact with more ice officers in the scrum. There's a lot of this, this woman's gonna be in a lot of trouble. She's physically, obviously this is assault, this is legal assault. And yet to read the mainstream media coverage of this, of course would have you think it's just the mean evil ice agents who assaulted these poor, sweet members of Congress who were just going there to look over what was obviously an inappropriate and disgusting ice facility because we don't care about migrants.


Ultimately, they were allowed in and their tour resulted in them saying, oh, it was actually really clean and it and nice in there. Even they, even these loons had to admit it. So I think we're gonna get a lot more of these, do you not? Oh, ob obviously it got attention. This is the Democrat version of Trump's chew toy. They're gonna have to stage a donnybrook a free for all, you know, hit each other with chairs on the stadium floor every couple of weeks because they use it to illustrate social problems. They think that they get the best of this because they send an anti-authoritarian message. But from what I just saw there, the ice agents, the last thing they wanna be doing is getting body checked by big ladies in red dresses.


They are not acting aggressively. Their job is not to go after Congress people. It's to, you know, act as police and guards in this facility. Unless you're gonna question the right of the facility to exist, then why come bashing in there? I mean, you know, America has institutions which are policed. They prisons, detention facilities, all kinds of things. And you come running in there and trying to start something. And I don't think the first thing that the ice agent wants to do is come out of that, the bully.


They seem to be backing up all over the place. And when you look at the crowd shots, they're in the minority, they're outnumbered. The spokesperson for, for ice comes out for DHSI should say, comes out and says that there will be more arrests, which I would expect. I think that that that woman we've been looking at, miss Lamonica MacGyver is probably gonna get the cuff slapped on her soon. And the Democrats are gonna treat it like they treated the arrest of that one judge in the Midwest who escorted the illegal right out of her courtroom after she threw ice out.


You know, like Democrat behaves badly, even unlawfully and then faces the natural consequences of that behavior. And then they cry, victim, oh, boohoo, poor me the mean, mean ice agents. The mean mean Republicans, the mean mean Trump administration. So I think the public's kind of used to this. They're, they're getting used to this behavior. I don't know how many dividends this is gonna pay. Oh, I, I I think it pays no dividend at all. One of the talking points that for the Democrats has been that Trump ushers in chaos. And so in order to, you know, reaffirm that with the people they have to keep, they have to keep stirring chaos.


So expect this to keep going on. That's right. Going that's a good point. You know, but, but going back to the Luigi killing, what we've seen since Trump was elected was an inability to prevail at the ballot box, followed by this kind of renaissance in direct action at the street level. Civil disobedience all the way to David Brooks writing in the New York Times. It's time to have an uprising. Or JB Pritzker the other day saying, you know, it's time for civil disobedience. They've been calling for this directly and we are seeing it now. So for them to suddenly proclaim themselves innocent passive victims after their leaders have been saying, get out there, do what you can get in their face is ridiculous.


Yeah. It's a, it's a bit rich. And speaking of people who continue to play the victim, even though they're not here is today's Daily Dose of Michelle Obama who has been out there trying to promote her terrible podcast that has absolutely no fan following. And she decide every, everything she says and does is a complaint, everything. And so she winds up talking to Tina Knowles, also better known as Beyonce's mother about marriage and divorce, which is Michelle's favorite topic. One of them at least. Number one is how much she hates her time as First Lady.


She hated it. And number two, I mean, because you could go either way, how racist the country is and how much she can't stand it. And then we're coming in at least in the top three is her negative comments about her husband and her marriage. Here she is talking with Tina Knowles about number three, sort of, I love the way you talk about the need to get your independence. Yes. Because your marriage wasn't always what it should have been. Right. Okay. So she's going right in, like independence is what it's about. Of course, you know, you had a shitty marriage.


I can totally relate. And then can I just show you one more look at, so 23, no, no, no, no, I'm sorry. It's the vo vo six where the two of them get up and they start dancing. And this is part of the Michelle Obama attempted reinvention. I'm sorry, but I'm not impressed to make herself into something cool. Here she is again, make herself into something cool Walter, that like we can relate to. She's a cool girl because she was First Lady and that she can get up there and dance with Beyonce's mom. I'm sorry, but all I can think is you hate the country, you hate your husband and a couple of lame steps to the left, steps to the right ain't gonna cure it.


The whole dancing thing, of course crested during c with all those propaganda nurse orchestrated dances that were meant, And teachers And teachers and so on. We really have gotten the body, the human body into American politics and the way the rest of the world must be. Just looking at, I mean, is there any other country in the world where they do this much dancing? The the reason they do all this dancing is because they don't have any arguments. They can't speak, they can't converse, they can't argue. So the person who are we gonna have a dance off for the US president next time? I mean it, it looks like it might come at least in the next 20 years.


I Don't think she's gonna win. I think Trump will win that one too. But, but okay, so the other night I was on, I was on the Greg Gutfeld show and we were doing a bit about how the press is complaining that Mel Melania isn't spending enough time in the White House. She's only been there for 14 days during this whole term so far. But what happens with every first lady after they get outta there is they tell you how much they hated living in the White House. What a trap it is, what a prison it is. How, how absolutely suffocating the role of First Lady is. You know, here's Melania just saying, I got other things to do and other houses to live in, and they're criticizing her.


But you know, on the other hand, we have Michelle telling us about this long incarceration and her marriage and her role and her white house and so on while she dances, finally free of the dude of the house of the place. And no wonder she has no audience because nobody likes to tune into a podcast to hear somebody's sad stories about themselves. Yes, Yes. All her whining, here she is again, this, this woman Tina Knowles. Okay, I don't know what she's done in her own right. I'm sure she's accomplished some things, but being Beyonce's mother is interesting.


So of course a good interviewer would make it all about that, frankly. But Michelle typical makes it all about One other thing, Michelle, here is an example. How does it feel to share your story with the world? Because let me tell you, when I wrote a coming, I shared this. No, it was not about me. But what I'm saying is that, you know, I I was all confident writing the book. Yeah. And then, oh yeah, the day it was coming out, I could not sleep because I thought, oh my God, I told everybody everything, everything Okay. And by the way, like she, if she she dial, she dials up her like accent, you know, her street accent.


I told everybody everything. She doesn't talk like that. She didn't use to talk like that. And, and, and they call it code switching. And they've given it, you know, this big rationale that you have to, you know, when you're a member of a certain community, be able to talk to the street and be able to talk to the, you know, ambassador and go back and forth. All of that tells me you have no self, what we used to call that was chameleon. And it meant that you are completely driven by impressing whoever you're trying to sell something to, such that you'll completely change her personality. The idea that she is. And, and a OC does this, and a lot of politicians do this, oddly, Trump doesn't, Trump always talks like Donald Trump, no.


That matter how inappropriate, no matter how inappropriate it is, Trump could be out in the woods talking to loggers and he's still Donald Trump. And, and frankly that's true. I, and I think that's one of his great advantages in this era of code switching and chameleon and, you know, targeted personalities. The problem with Michelle Obama is that she has no natural constituency. Where's Barack? He made her famous and now she's turning on him. She's obviously on some really long runway to divorce or a breakup. Maybe, maybe their fortune is such that they can't get divorced in the way you and I can by just walking out the door and saying, Hey buddy.


But they don't, you know, she doesn't have to soften us up forever. If she wants to go spread her wings, just do it. You know, Well, e every comment, I mean, truly this audience know, because we've been watching them about marriage, about Barack, about relationships is comes from a dark place. You can tell this woman has got a lot of issues. She's bitter, bitter about being his wife, about the career. I guess she never had, by the way, she was only first Lady for eight years. You can go have a legal career. I I could resume my legal practice tomorrow. I'd have to fire up back up my bar licenses. I'd be fine. You'd have to take some continuing legal education to get there. You can do it. Stop bitching and moaning about it. Fucking do it.


Stop. Instead, she wants to be loved in the podcast lane. She's failing and she's getting progressively more bitter. Here she is. Listen here talking about, oh, now it's everyone's problem. It's not just her problem and her relationship, it's what we do to girls. You see, we're sending the wrong messages to girls watch 23. I'm trying my best because I know that when it comes to raising daughters and women, you know, we're socialized to think that we aren't good enough. We're, we're socialized to think that we need somebody else to make us whole. And that starts so young. It starts young, young. I mean, it starts with Barbie. Barbie dolls and kin.


Yeah. And the wedding dress and the, the questions that we ask our daughters to trying to figure out how to not program that in my girls, right? And the girls in my life. Because you know, if you ask somebody, you dating somebody, you know, they might be happy, but then not them. Well, you, you're happy, but are you dating somebody, right? And then they're dating somebody and then it's like, oh, you're dating somebody when you get married. Right? And then it's all, when you gonna have a baby on when you Yeah. When you're gonna have a baby. And that's not for everyone. It's not for everyone. It's definitely not for Michelle Obama. It's a basically a, an f the patriarchy segment saying, because there's a Ken Doll.


We're socializing little girls to think they're not whole without a man, which is insane. And by the way, most of us think rising the institution of marriage and finding a life partner is something that's a laudable goal that actually will make your life happier, Michelle. And it doesn't have to come at the expense of a woman's independence. Only you think that Misery loves company. Megan and I, if you've ever been in a small town, when somebody gets divorced, you know, if a woman initiates a divorce, she wants all her friends to get divorced too, you know? Yes. And then the, and then the minute she is, she's telling everybody how great it is and what a good time it is.


And now she's got all this time on her hands. Listen, Michelle, if you don't believe in women attaching themselves to powerful men, then why did you attach yourself to one of the most ambitious Chicago politicians with national ambitions ever? I mean, we would not know your name. I'm sorry if it were not for the fact that you married Barack and now you wanna become the spokes model for doing it your own way without a man. It's so true. The, it, it's just, she's So clueless. And again, she's not nearly as self-aware as I thought she was. She's one of those people who was much better off when she was behind the veil, when she still, she's benefiting from this over the top favorable media coverage of her as the second coming.


And now that she's insisting we get to know her better, her approval ratings, I guarantee you are a falling. And she has absolutely no fan base and she's learning the hard way that yeah, the real Michelle is actually not as, quote, becoming as the image of Michelle Obama. That was a fortune was spent on cultivating, You know, I can't believe that as recently as last fall, people were hoping for the coming of the Democratic presidential Messiah, Michelle. Oh, they're gonna sweep her in at the last minute at the convention, you know, over and over as though she was gonna come down like the second coming and rescue everybody.


Well, I think we know why that is because the more you see of her, especially in these kind of public settings and doing her thing and you know, trying her different masks on, she's not a very persuasive or compelling P person. No. It's like she can read a speech, that's what she can do. She can read a speech Well that's written for her by someone else. And that's really seems like the Alpha and omega of Michelle Obama's public talents. Alright, we're gonna take a quick break and then we're gonna come back and I'm going to prove to you Walter Kern and to this audience how I was right about Holly Berry, who's back at the weird sex stuff. Yes.


We need to discuss this with Walter. Don't go away


this spring. Everyone has a lot going on with limited time for grocery shopping or cooking healthy meals at Home. Hungry Root offers a convenient solution. Hungry Root Acts as a personal shopper and nutritionist handling weekly grocery shopping and recommending healthy groceries and meals tailored to individual tastes, nutrition preferences, and health goals. It simplifies eating high quality, nutritious food, and achieving various diets of health goals such as anti-inflammatory, gluten-free, and more. Most of Hungry Roots recipes can be prepared in just 15 minutes or less. And with over 15,000 recipes shipped each week, there's something for every taste and nutrition preference. Take advantage of this exclusive offer. For a limited time, get 40% off your first box PLUS a free item in every box for life. Go to Hungry Root dot com slash Megan slash mk and use code mk. That's Hungry Root dot com slash mk code mk to get 40% off your first box and a free item of your choice for life Hungry Root dot com slash mk code mk.


You know the secret to great days better nights. It all starts by turning your bedroom into a sanctuary with Cozy Earth. Their bamboo sheet set is something special, the softest, coolest, most luxurious sheets you will ever own. Breathable, temperature regulating and crafted to help you sleep like it actually matters. Imagine crawling into bed every night and feeling restored, refreshed, and ready to take on tomorrow. And don't forget about their bamboo pajamas, lightweight yet cozy. They're designed to help you fall asleep faster and stay asleep longer. It's the sleepwear upgrade you didn't know you needed, but you definitely deserve. Cozy Earth makes it easy, you get a hundred nights risk-free. Plus every bedding product is backed by a 10 year warranty. So take the time to prioritize your sleep and prioritize you. Visit Cozy Earth dot com. Use my exclusive code M-E-G-Y-N and get up to 40% off sheets, pajamas, towels, and more Cozy Earth dot com code Megan. And if you get a post purchase survey, let 'em know that you heard about Cozy Earth from us at the Megan Kelly Show. Sleep Better with Cozy Earth.


Hi everyone, this is former White House pre secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now, some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid.


Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it, cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid Under Biden. American's cost of living, skyrocketed. Food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans.


It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


I told this audience a couple of weeks ago, I guess it was last week after the Met Gala that Holly Berry had another entertainer say about her that she's bad in bed. That this woman had been told by one of Holly Berry's ex-boyfriends that she's bad and boring in bed now. Negative things get said in public life and nine times outta 10 you just ignore them. Holly Berry felt the need to respond to that by saying at the time like, oh, just ask my man if you don't think I'm, it was like, what? Who? Who would do that? And then provide references, you know, like sure, ask my current man whether I'm boring in bed.


Alright. And then ever since then, I'm telling you, I've watched it happen. She's gotten more and more inappropriate in her public behavior, like more and more weird sex kitten photos, nude photos, sex posts. I think Holly Berry's truly been on a downward spiral since that moment to like prove to us just what a sex kitten she is. And I said this, the audience knows, I said this after the Met Gala last week, and what do I wake up to today? But this weird video that Holly Berry posts from her bed In con France with her boyfriend Van Hunt, advertising her Let's Spin Intimacy gel in travel size for the listening audience.


They're in bed apparently naked. Listen in. So Michelle, y'all, how my day started, how my Mother's Day started and now I'm gonna tell you about, I'm not gonna show you, I'm gonna tell you about how my Mother's Day is gonna end. Ain't that right? Me? Yes. I wish you hurry up too. First of all, we gotta, let's spin because Let's Spin just came out in this cute little travel size, and so since we're in canned France, I travel with it for the first time and we are about to give it a spin you about to Can with Van Happy Mother's Day.


Once again, everybody, I hope all of you are somewhere spinning. Oh my God, I ain't never miss so happy to have Mother's Day come to an end. Oh my God, she looks like she's on drugs with that weird laughter. That's, she looks very bizarre How, who celebrates Mother's Day by talking about how to lube up their V with their boyfriend in bed from Con fr This is so bizarre, Walter. Well Let, well, let's hope it's her V and and and and number two, let's hope it's her. Oh no, we lost Walter in a critical moment.


What? What happened? Holly Berry boomed into the podcast and cut him off. He froze. What's number two? We have to know we've got, we've got to get Walter reestablished. We all need to know what number two is. What, What, Steve? Yes, we have to, we have to, we have to get him. Wait, do we have to take a break? Can I just, I'll, I'll move on to something. Yeah, I'm gonna work on something else. A different subject while you work to reestablish Walter, since we all have to know what number two is on Holly Berry. Let's hope it's her badge was number one. And we don't know what number two is, but we're going, we're going to find out and we're looking forward to that.


Okay. Before we, before we go back, I want to point to, let's see, there's a bunch of things here. Dylan Mulvaney has partnered with Versace to be, I guess a new spokes model. Take a look at Dylan in his Instagram post from last week. So 29, I think this is the best I've ever looked. Pretty sure. I'm pretty sure headed to a Versace event and yeah, I, I think, I think this is it, right? Okay. Okay. Love you. There he is again, cosplaying being a woman with an enormous fake boob.


He's obviously had breast implants, which is new, I think, and he's wearing a Versace dress because he is celebrating the fact that he has been, I guess, hired by Versace to endorse Versace's clothing and he's wearing last season's dress. I just want you to know that it's a dress that was brought to me back in the fall for me to possibly wear to the Al Smith dinner, but I rejected it and it's addressed that Melania Trump wore on New Year's Eve as only Melania Trump could and actually did look spectacular in it. Here she is. I mean, we should really do a who wore best kind of side by side with Melania Trump as one of my followers on Twitter, put it not just a woman, but the woman versus Dylan Mulvaney and what another colossal blunder for Versace whose brand is already hemorrhaging.


They've already kind of gone down. They're already kind of known as more of like a, Hmm. It's not one of the top couture brands anymore. It used to be, but because of asinine moves like this, they've suffered, and I'll be really surprised if I ever see Melania Trump wear Versace again. You had literally one of the most beautiful women in the world wear your dress and you decided to counter that by putting a man who poses as a woman and gets off on diminishing women by acting like a 4-year-old as he claims he is one, wear the same dress. It's a fail. Still working on Walter. Then I wanted to get to this from Chelsea Handler, who seems like an absolutely disgusting person, talking very casually about her many abortions, take a listen to her on the burnouts podcast from me, from me, Got pregnant a couple times when I was a teenager and got abortions.


Thank God I, my parents had the sense to make sure that that happened. And thank God I, as I got older and more mature, I understood that that's not what I'm cut out for. That's not my lifestyle and I'm good at a lot of different things, but that's just not one of them. And that's okay. Thank God my parents encouraged me to have my multiple abortions while I was in high school. Where were those parents encouraging you not to have premarital sex or sex as a teenager or unprotected sex or irresponsible sex and understand that you were making a very serious choice in doing so? Where were their, where were your parents then you might be, instead of thanking God for those parents on your hands and knees, praying to God to try to help you see the way, because you've clearly been raised by people who are errant in their parental responsibilities.


I don't care whether you're pro-choice or you're not. Every sane parent says to their child, child, please don't do this. And if you are going to do this and you're, you're gonna go your own way for the love of God, please use protection. Use multiple forms of protection. Here are the weaknesses of the protection that are available so you know exactly what you're getting into. And please, God forbid if anything happens, you bring it to me and we can help find our way through it. I'm disgusted by her and I'm disgusted by her parents. Back to Walter. Thank God, what is number two? That Holly Berry that we need to know about the Holly Berry segment? Well, yeah, I'm sorry for the interruption. I get one-on-one time with Megan Kelly in front of the country and then the damn internet goes out.


What ter Terrible luck. Halle Berry. She looks terrible. She's trying to prove she's sexy and not a robot. That means she is, that means she's very anxious about her appeal. I stood in line with her once at a seafood joint in Malibu. She's a, she was a beautiful, flawless woman, just absolutely radiant. She looked terrible there. The guy who participated in that should be ashamed of himself. I mean, what an exploitative thing to do. It reminded me of like star 81 of those movies about, you know, a a, a model who goes downhill because of a boyfriend who wants to get famous. What a, what an awful way to get his mug shown around the world.


That, that that was, that was sad. It was, I I'm sorry. She's so anxious about her sex appeal. She's one, one of the most beautiful women in the world. If she's not good in bad, that doesn't matter. A woman doesn't have to be good in bad, she just has to be beautiful. Lie there and available with nice lighting and say you are good in bed. Just willing. The secret of the secret of a woman being good in bed is to tell the guy he is. No guy has ever com no guy has ever complained that some beautiful woman just radiated her sex appeal and what she's supposed to do. Climb around, swing from the ceiling.


That's his job. That is so true. That's like Andrew Schultz, who's so funny, good crass, but in a great way. Who's like all you women, they're so worried about like this noise or this, you know, sort of fat, whatever. We don't care. We don't care. We don't care about any of it. Just as long as you're willing, we're cool, Right? And just say, I have never seen a man like you before and you're the best in bed we've ever had. Then suddenly he's feeling the same about you. You don't have to humiliate yourself and diminish your brand. And as Walter points out correctly, you're sending exactly the opposite message of the one you intend to convey about like, see how sexy I am, I'm in bed.


No one would actually do that. No one actually has to do that. Who actually believes that they have sex appeal. Like bring the, the lover in the bed and have him keep commenting about how he can't wait to get on me. It's so classless and gross and yes, she looks terrible, Walter, thank God. Why do they need lube? Why do they need lube? They're both, that's, you know, in other words, unless there's something really unnatural going on, they shouldn't need lube. And frankly, Oh, oh, she's getting older now, Walter, I Mean happens. But, but isn't that, isn't it the exact message that she doesn't wanna send? I mean, she was tell, she was telling us that she's a sex goddess a minute ago and now she's telling us she needs lube.


I wanna know what flavor it was. That's all I want. Oh, good God. I gotta go. Okay. It's A big pleasure. Big not, not that big, but it was a pleasure. Walter car. Yeah. Okay. See you soon, Kelly's Court tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear


Under Biden American's. Cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


Hey everybody. Conan O'Brien here with an ad about my podcast. Conan O'Brien needs a friend. I've had so many fantastic conversations with people I truly admire. People like Michelle Obama, Bruce Springsteen, Meyer Rudolph, Tom Hanks. New episodes are out every Monday and we have a really good time. So subscribe and listen wherever you get your podcasts.