
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Monday, May 5th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. Ideally, a great Republican. A great Republican to carry it forward. President Trump names possible successors of the MAGA movement. Former staffers to Senator John Fetterman go on the record with New York Magazine, sharing a series of alarming claims about his behavior, health, and state of mind. Of course, they will never forgive me for lots of things. I would love reconciliation with my family. And Prince Harry says he is ready to reconcile with his family, whom he's called racist, and suggested were apathetic about his wife's alleged Suicidal thoughts, huh?


All that and more coming up in just a moment.


On your AM Update, I wanna tell you all about Patriot Mobile, one of the few cell phone service providers that operates on all three of the major networks. If you have cell phone service in this country today, you can get exceptional service with Patriot Mobile. That's why they offer a coverage guarantee that others cannot. You might think switching to Patriot Mobile is painful, but it isn't. No need to spend hours in a retail store or waiting your turn. Just call PATRIOT Mobile's 100% US-based team from the comfort of your own home or office, and they will have you activated in minutes. Still locked in a contract, not a problem. PATRIOT Mobile's contract buyout program covers up to 500 bucks per device. Keep your same number, keep your phone, or treat yourself to an upgrade. So consider joining Patriot Mobile today. Support faith, family, and freedom with every call and text you make. Don't wait. Do it today. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash Megan or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT. Use promo code Megan and get a free month of service. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash Megan. Or just call 9 7 2 PATRIOT


President Trump on Sunday, sitting down with Meet the Press in a wide ranging interview covering topics from the economy to the future of the MAGA movement. Mr. Trump giving the clearest response to date about running for a third term. Are You seriously considering a third term, Mr. President, even though it's prohibited by the Constitution, or is this about staying politically viable? I will say this, so many people want me to do it, but this is not something I'm looking to do. I'm looking to have four great years and turn it over to somebody. Ideally a great Republican. A great Republican to carry it forward. You look at Marco, you look at JD Vance, who's fantastic.


You look at, I could name 10, 15, 20 people right now just sitting here, The president, then comparing the GOP to the current Democrat party. And you know what? I can't name, I can't name one Democrat. I mean, I look at the Democrats, they're in total disarray. They have a new person named Crockett. I watched her speak the other day at, she's definitely a low IQ person, and they said she's the future of the party. I said, you have to be kidding. I don't know what they're gonna do. But I watched Bernie Sanders, he's a nut job, but he's still sharp. He's sharp as he, he's the same guy he was Host Kristen Welker asking President Trump about comments he made last week regarding whether the tariff plan could lead to empty store shelves.


President Trump responding, quote, maybe children will have two dolls instead of 30 dolls. Maybe the two dolls will cost a couple of bucks more than they normally would. The comments igniting a media firestorm. If I wake up on Christmas morning and I run downstairs to find only two dolls under my tree, I will lose my effing mind. So Donnie, two dolls thinks this country's kids are wildly oversupplied with dolls. The golden toilet guy is now preaching minimalism. Imagine if that had been Donald Trump's 2024 campaign message. You already have too much crap. You spoiled brats. The New York post's cover story the following day, skimp on the Barbie on Sunday.


President Trump doubling down on the comment, the quote. I'm gonna quote what you said. Maybe the children will have two dolls instead of 30 dolls. Yeah, and maybe the two dolls will cost a couple of bucks more than they would normally. Are you saying that your tariffs will cause some prices to go up? No, I think the tariffs are gonna be great for us because it's gonna make us rich. But You said some dolls are gonna cost more. Isn't that an acknowledgement that some prices will Go up? I don't think, I don't think a beautiful baby girl needs that's 11 years old needs to have 30 dolls. I think they can have three dolls or four dolls, because what we were doing with China was just unbelievable. We had a trade deficit of hundreds of billions of dollars with China.


When you say they could have $3 instead of $30, are you, are you saying your, I say they don't need to have 30 Americans could cease empty store shelves. No, I'm no, I'm not saying that. I'm just saying they don't need to have $30. They can have three. They don't need to have 250 pencils. They can have five On Canada. President Trump reacting to the reelection of liberal Prime Minister Mark Carney After his victory. He says that you didn't talk to him in that call about making Canada a 51st state. No, he called me. He was very nice and I congratulated him. Do you plan to talk to him about making Canada a 51st State? He wants to come and see me. He's gonna come this week or next week. So Will you talk to him about making Canada a 51st state annex in Canada? I'll always talk about that. You know why we subsidize Canada to the tune of $200 billion a year?


We don't need their cars. In fact, we don't want their cars. We don't need their energy. We don't even want their energy. We have more than they do. We don't want their lumber. We have great lumber. All I have to do is free it up from the environmental lunatics. We don't need anything that they have Mr. Trump going on to say, taking Canada by military force is unlikely. Quote, I don't see it with Canada. I just don't see it. Prime Minister Carney is expected to meet with President Trump at the White House on Tuesday marking his first official visit since taking office in March. Coming up an in-depth hit piece on Senator John Federman. Why now? And Prince Harry launches fresh shots at his family while also saying he'd like to reconcile with them.


Sure. Age One in two adults have high blood pressure and many don't even know it. That's a ticking time bomb. But here's the good news. You have the power to take control naturally with one 20 Life. One 20 Life is a blend of great tasting superfruit juices that can actually help lower your blood pressure naturally. One 20 life is formulated with ingredients that have been shown to support healthy blood pressure levels. It's trusted by hundreds of health professionals and people have seen real measurable results. You can try it yourself risk-free with our two week trial. Just go to one 20 life.com and use the code MK to save 15% and get free shipping. You can track your progress with a simple blood pressure monitor, watch your numbers drop and feel the difference. They're so sure that one 20 life can noticeably lower your blood pressure in two weeks, that they will give you your money back. If you're not satisfied, go to one 20 life.com. That's 1 2 0 life.com. And remember to use code MK to save 15% off your order


On Friday. New York Magazine, dropping a lengthy hit piece based off testimony from former staff raising questions about Senator John Fetterman's struggles with his health and overall fitness for office. Democrat Senator from Pennsylvania, John Fetterman rising to national fame in a highly contentious 2022 Senate race against Republican candidate Dr. Oz. Then candidate Fetterman suffering a stroke just days before the Pennsylvania primary. His campaign acknowledged the incident, but critics later accused the team, including his wife, Gisele Fetterman of downplaying the severity and withholding key details about his long-term health concerns about Mr. Fetterman's health and fitness for office coming into Sharper Focus during his one debate against Dr.


Oz, where Mr. Fetterman clearly struggled with auditory processing and communication. Hi, goodnight everybody. I'm running to serve Pennsylvania. He's running to use Pennsylvania. Despite the health issues, Mr. Fetterman narrowly eeking out a win, capturing 51% of the vote. In 2023, Senator Fetterman checked into Walter Reed National Military Medical Center for six weeks, seeking treatment for depression. Many at the time praised Mr. Fetterman for seeking the help he needed. In May of 2024, a year after he checked out of Walter Reed, chief of Staff, Adam Genson resigned from his post citing his alleged alarm at Senator Fetterman's behavior and sending at that time an email to the senator's doctor outlining a series of concerns.


Mr. Jenen, at some point in the future also reached out to Ben Terrace of New York Magazine, the author of this latest piece, Mr. Terrace, describes the former chief of staff as quote, a longtime Washington operator. He's worked for a liberal think tank and written a book about the filibuster. Mr. Terrace says he met Mr. Jenen back when Jenen worked for Harry Reid saying we later became friends. At some point, Mr. Jensen apparently shared with Mr. Terrace the text of the email he sent back in May of 24 to Senator Fetterman's doctor outlining his concerns from the New York magazine piece. It contained a list of them from the seemingly mundane quote.


He eats fast food multiple times a day. End quote to the scary quote, we don't know if he's taking his meds and his behavior frequently suggests he's not. And going on to say quote, we often see the kind of warning signs we discussed. Gentlemen wrote the physician conspiratorial thinking megalomania, for example, he claims to be the most knowledgeable source on Israel and Gaza around, but his sources are just what he reads in the news. He declines most briefings and never reads memos, high highs and low lows, long rambling, repetitive and self-centered monologues lying in ways that are painfully awkwardly obvious to everyone in the room End quote, the profile describes an incident where Senator Fedderman was driving a car against the wishes of his staff, well over the 70 mile per hour speed limit when he smashed his Chevy Traverse into the back of a 62-year-old woman's Impala, totaling both cars.


Mrs. Fetterman, a passenger in the backseat, suffering from bruising of the lungs and spinal fractures. Senator Fetterman calling a staffer from the crash site saying he fell asleep while driving. The officer on scene told the staffer it was a miracle no one died. While some of the stories from staff involved safety issues, some also involved political issues leading to questions about whether this attack is politically motivated. As a senator, Mr. Federman has repeatedly defied democratic norms. In the wake of October 7th, 2023, Senator Fetterman becoming the most outspoken Democrat supporter of Israel's war on Hamas. Mr. Fetterman lining his office with the photos of hostages kidnapped by Hamas that support leading to 16 of his staff members to quit and eventually write an anonymous letter calling the senator's support for Israel, a gutting betrayal, Washington examiner reporter Selena Zito, who has been following Senator Fetterman for a long time, arguing on Fox.


His Senate staff does not understand his politics, And I think that these staffers didn't have a fundamental understanding of who John Federman was before he had his stroke and was recovering from that in his depression. And, and you know, leading up to 2022, Fedderman has always been a, a very independent, elected official, whether he was mayor or lieutenant governor of the state. He's never really been the darling of his party. If I remember correctly, his party never even endorsed him when he's run for office. Senator Fetterman also the only Democrat to meet with President-elect Trump. Back at Mar-a-Lago, the sole vote to confirm Attorney General Pam Bondy as well, and initially signaling support for Pete Hegseth as defense secretary.


Despite internal pressure, Mr. Fetterman told his staff he thought it would be a bad look for all Dems to vote against the person who would lead the armed forces. In the end, he did not vote for him. According to New York Magazine, the decision caused such internal stress. Mr. Fedderman even floated not voting at all. More from the piece, quote, the back and forth led to what one person in his office at the time called a full-blown meltdown. According to a contemporaneous text message from this staffer sent to a colleague, Fetterman had become so distraught about the Hegseth vote, as well as chatter in the media that he might switch parties and become a Republican that he spent part of the day locked in his office, fighting with Gisele and crying while FaceTiming with staff.


He says that they are trying to cancel him again, but we don't know who they are. A staffer said in a text, the piece describing many more incidents and seeming personality imbalances. Mrs. Fedderman telling the magazine, any comments from the former chief of staff were part of an effort to damage her husband's reputation, claiming that she quote, would talk to John's doctors about what Adam GenOn was telling me, and they would be confused. Those doctors would tell me that their concerns were not with John, but with Adam. Senator Fetterman declining to comment on the allegations against him. He said that no one in his staff would know about his personal health situation and that anyone who told me otherwise was simply misinformed, wrote terrace.


Quote, there's not really anything to respond when that's just not accurate. He said, Mr. Fetterman is not up for reelection until 2028. Prince Harry fresh off of leaving his royal duties and then losing his legal battle to keep his UK taxpayer funded, security firing new shots at the royal family. What else is new then? Insisting that he really, really wants reconciliation. On Friday, a senior UK judge rejecting Prince Harry's appeal in a case challenging a 2020 decision, downgrading his security status. After stepping back from royal duties, prince Harry argued that his security was unfairly downgraded after he quit being a working royal, leaving him and his family vulnerable.


While in the uk, according to the court's judgment, the judge acknowledged Harry made quote, powerful and moving arguments, but concluded, quote, the Duke's sense of grievance does not translate into a legal argument. The court ultimately finding that changes to his security were quote and understandable and perhaps predictable reaction to the Duke of Sussex, having stepped back from royal duties and having left the UK to live principally overseas. The Prince who has his own private security and plenty of money for more, if he wants it visibly agitated on Friday describing to the BB, C, the terms of the arrangement. If you're invited to the UK by your family, then we will give you security.


If you come for any other reason, then you will get a very low amount of security. I'm not gonna confirm what that is, but it is completely insufficient. Somewhere along the line, people have talked about the fact that it really, all it is, is a someone on the end of a phone. So, you know, no matter how much private security I have around me, there's only so much that I can do and how, and operate and function within the UK when it comes to supporting my charities, visiting my friends, all of these things, I've been treated very, very, very differently. The Prince then saying the security arrangement was effectively a form of blackmail, meant to pressure him into staying in the royal family. And it makes me really, really sad that we're sitting here today, five years later, where a decision that was made most likely, in fact I know, to keep us under the roof.


But then once you realize that that wasn't gonna work, once we, once they realized that you know, myself, my wife and our kids are, are happier outside of the institution, then please just look at the facts, look at the risks, look at the threat. Look at the impact that if anything was to happen to me, my wife or my father's grandchildren, if anything was to happen to them, look where the re responsibility lies. There's a duty of care that is being completely thrown out the window. The prince casting himself, yet again as a victim saying if anything were to happen to him, it would ruin the reputation of the uk. Whether I have an official role or not is irrelevant to the security that the security needs that, that, that, that I would need.


Whether I have an official role or not is irrelevant to the threats, risks, and impact on my, on, on, on the reputation of the, of the uk. If something was to happen Since stepping back from royal duties, prince Harry and his attention Seeking wife, Meghan Markle attempting to create a new empire in the media world. The couple airing out the royal family's dirty laundry across every platform available, multiple podcasts, a memoir accompanied by a media blitz, reportedly earning them some $150 million, which also included a Netflix deal. They kicked it all off in 2021 with Oprah Winfrey. And this moment, there Are several conversations About it. There's a conversation with you, With Harry About how dark your baby is going to be Potentially and what that would mean or look like.


Ooh. And you're not gonna tell me who had the conversation. I think that would be very damaging to them. Okay, so how, how does one have that meeting That was relayed to me from Harry, those were conversations that family had with him. It was really hard to be able to see those as compartmentalized Conversations because they were concerned that if he were to brown, that that would be a problem. Are you saying that? I wasn't able to follow up with why, but that, if that's the assumption you're making, I think that feels like a pretty safe one. Prince Harry offering, no acknowledgement of any personal fault for his fallout with his family. Closing the interview with this. Of course, some members of my family will never forgive me for writing a book.


Of course, they will never forgive me for lots of things. I would love reconciliation with my family. I've always, I've, you know, there's no point in, in, in continuing to fight anymore. As I said, life is precious. I don't know how much longer my father has, you know, he, he, he, he won't speak to me because of this security stuff, but it would be nice to, it would be nice to, it would be nice to rec reconcile. King Charles is currently undergoing treatment for an undisclosed form of cancer. No word on whether Harry's latest grievances reach the king as he deals with his health issues. And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly.


Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at New East on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly And on all podcast platforms.