
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. I am just back from the Super Bowl where patriotism was on full display this year and it was amazing to witness. After so many years of woke programming commercials, divisive messaging. I mean, I literally just got back like an hour and a half ago and came straight from the airport. It was a wonderful event. I have never been to the Super Bowl before and I really thoroughly enjoyed myself.


I have to say, it's like one of those things. Everybody's in a great mood, You know, people are there celebrating their teams. It's a fun competition. I did not realize it would be such a networking kind of spot. I mean, like everybody from corporate America was there 'cause they network there, which is something that's not really up my aisle to be perfectly honest. But I did meet a lot of nice, lovely people and got a chance to say hello to President Trump. You may have seen on my Instagram where I posted a picture and I'll tell you in just a little bit about how that went and what happened inside the Trump suite at Super Bowl 59. But I wanna get to today's guest before we go through all that.


This was not controversy free, but it was a great game. And especially if you're an eagle. I mean, it was just, I know the final score was like 40 to 22, but that of course does not reflect how tight it was. Or I mean, how, what a blowout it was throughout the entire game. It was like the, the Eagles crushed them. They crushed them. Sorry. Chiefs fans. You know, you, you had, you had a lot. I mean, I think you won it two years in a row. I can't remember. I don't know anything about sports, but I know that chiefs have won a lot. So Go Birds. Of course, the biggest loser of the night was not Travis Kelsey, but his girlfriend Taylor Swift. That's what Trump said in a post he made on social media thereafter. And he was not wrong.


There's a lot to talk about. Joining me now, the hosts of the Daily Wires Sports Show, Crain and Company, Blaine Crain, Jake Crain and David Cohen.


I've got some good news for you and it's called Firecracker Farm Hot Salt. This small family business is making waves and if you have not yet tried it, it is time to change that. This was the gift to give and receive this past Christmas. It's delicious and it elevates everything. It touches eggs, avocado, toast, grilled chicken and more. It's got a kick, but it's not overwhelming. The flavor enhances food without overpowering it. The best part. It comes in sleek stainless steel grinders that are easy to take with you anywhere. Unlike messy hot sauce that runs out quickly. Firecracker Farm hot salt lasts and lasts providing hundreds of servings from just one grinder, way more bang for the buck. There are plenty of blends to choose from, and refills are available. So for those who find it a bit too spicy, keep this in mind. If you mix it with some regular sea salt, you will tame the heat perfectly. Do yourself a favor and head on over to Firecracker Farm. And here's the kicker, use code mk at checkout for 10% off your order. Don't wait. This offers for only for a limited time for fire cracker. Do farm and use code MK for 10% off.


Guys, welcome to the show. How you doing Megan? Thanks for having us. Excited to be back. Hope you, sounds like you had a good time out there. I really enjoyed it. I did not know I enjoyed sports this much. Maybe I will go to other live sports events now as a result of this one. I mean, is it always so festive and, and everybody's in a great mood? Well, it depends on where you're at. I mean, at the Super Bowl it's been a great year. I mean, I you, You know, you, you come back where, come back down where we're at in, in SEC country and we may take you to an Iron Bowl and let you see maybe a little bit more vitriol, but no, the, the Super Bowl, everybody's feeling good and You know, if you're a Chiefs fan until they kicked off and then it was just an absolute bloodletting as we call it.


Back home. You were like asleep on the field. I do. I joked because my husband's from Philadelphia and we were driving home and I was like, you feeling good? He is like, yeah, I'm feeling really good. I'm like, are you, are you gonna go burn shit? Like, isn't that what you do Eagle as Eagles fans, I think they beat into It and Sure enough, No people That they found out they were burning things in Philadelphia. Well, I mean, at what point? I just think, I don't even think it's about them winning or losing. I just think they wanna burn stuff. Yeah. Like it just, it doesn't matter. Whatever, Whatever happens is an excuse to do That. They just wanna go burn stuff. I don't, I've never understood that. Burning down your city after you won. No, I just don't, I Don't get that. I, I see I'm actually a Giants fan. I grew up a Giants fan 'cause my dad loved the Giants. My brother loved the Giants.


I don't really know anything about sports, but if I have to put on a jersey, that's the, we don't burn shit. We don't, we cheer, we have like ticker tape parades. I don't understand the rioting and destroying your city, but I'm still rooting for the Eagles because I do think that Saquon Barkley is a class act. What a sweet guy. Every story I heard about him was about of him being generous to like the guys coming up behind him. Him, when I heard him interviewed, giving the credit to other people, he, he's humble. There's a humility about him. He's got a sweet face. It was his birthday. I don't know, I'm just like a huge fan. That was one thing the Giants did very wrong. Somehow he wound up an eagle instead of a giant. But anyway, what a star he was. And then I guess the quarterback was the other big star of the night.


Hertz. Yeah. Well, I mean Jalen Hurtz Con is Jalen Hurtz. What a comeback story. I mean you wanna talk class act. This guy gets beat out at Alabama Deservingly. So to a Tagai Lo is one of the best college quarterbacks I've ever seen. Not a word against Alabama from Jalen Hurtz not a word against his former coach. Nick Saban goes to Oklahoma, plays really well there as a Heisman finalist, gets drafted, nothing but a class act and he's not the only one either. Brandon Graham, there's so many classy guys in in in this organization and well run organization. I think Saquon Barkley is the perfect role model. You want to be a captain of a team. If I'm a head coach or I'm a gm, not only is he one of the most talented guys in the NFL, especially at the running back position, but he cares about his teammates more than he cares about himself.


He doesn't care about him stats. He cares about winning. Not only winning regular season games, but winning championships. And I think you put Jalen Hurtz in the same boat. I don't know two better leaders right now in the NFL, other than Jalen Hurtz and Saquon Barkley. Do it the right way. Okay, so we all agree the Eagles are of course the big winners of the evening. Congrats to them and congrats to Philly. And then there were the big losers, obviously the Kansas City Chiefs, they lost. That was sad. I mean at least they made it a great season. I mean it's a, it's a, seems to be a world class football team from what everybody says. It was actually funny, we were walking in kinda late like trying to get there. You guys will appreciate this. They, they had shuttle buses to take us over, but we missed them.


It just didn't work out with our schedule. So we had to be driven. And so Doug and I got driven as close as you could get and then we had to get out and walk and it was pouring rain. So it was very sad ladies. 'cause my hair got ruined and You know, it was like a big night. I wound up getting photographed of with the president. I would've liked to have had good hair, whatever. God had different plans. But we're walking in with everybody into the stadium and it was such a shit show. Getting into this place not only 'cause the Super Bowl because Trump was there and social security or not Social security, these secret service and we're getting rained on. We were literally told to go around the block. We were just literally walking in circles. There's a guy who is an, what's the name of the chief's coach?


Andy. Andy Reed. Andy Reed. It's an Andy Reed lookalike. I mean the guy yeah. Is identical. And he is just kind of walking there with one other guy with him. And there's a woman behind me like, do you think we're going the right way? I'm like, I have no idea. She goes, we must be. I'm like, what do you think? She goes, there's the coach. I literally, it's like five minutes to kick off. I'm like, I don't, I don't know anything about football, but I don't. And then we get there, we have to wait. They shut down the gate. We're waiting, waiting. Wait. I look at Doug and I was like, is this really worth it? Doug's like saying, let's go home. Are you kidding me? We're waiting. Yeah, we're going in. So we did. Well I, well Megan, I wonder how many PE Andy Reed, there's probably a lot of Andy Reed, like lookalikes, like in, in the United States.


I think Andy Reed would be a guy. You could find a lot of lookalikes, You know, bigger mustache, not really stand Out. The this guy know he's a lookalike. He, he, because I overheard him. He's The type of guy, Like in a, in a photo lineup. People choose him sometimes. Yeah. I think like Andy Reed's the type of guy who could enter an Andy Reed lookalike contest and not even win and lose. Yeah, And Lose. Yeah, that's a good point. He looked like that since he's been 13. Yeah, That's a fact. Megan, I don't know if you've seen the video of Andy Reed when he was, what, 13? He won a punt pass and kick contest. He's the same size. Megan, like the same size. If you get a chance, y'all, y'all need to see that clip. It is. He's like the kid we all grew up with. That's 12 but looks 30 years old.


Like there's always that one in the group. 100, always that One. And just, There's always that one. So, okay, the, the biggest loser on Team chiefs, I do believe was Taylor Swift. I think it's fair to say. And we wound up, I told the audience last week, we were guests of YouTube, which, You know, as You know, a lot of our audience watches the show on YouTube. We've, we've had record numbers on YouTube. I mean actually stunning numbers over the past six months in particular. But, so we went and to the right, literally right next to us was Taylor Swift and then to the left was Donald Trump. I mean there were there, there's Doug and yours stru. And you can see Taylor Swift right behind us. That was her booth and, and the Kelsey mom and families.


And then if you look to my left, there's Trump. He was 1, 2, 2 boxes over from us. And what a juxtaposition in the crowd reaction. So Taylor Swift got popped up on the jumbotron as, as happens with these big stars. And here's what happened. Those are boo All right. And then here's what happened when Trump showed up on Cam, the crowd saw him.


You guys, You were in between that, you were right between those two. What do you mean? Oh yeah, I was right in between those two. Right in between those two. Wow. What a, What A moment. And it was just so obvious that the crowd loved Trump. She looked confused about why the crowd was booing her. And I submit to you gentlemen, it doesn't have anything to do with, well maybe a tiny bit to do with her support of the Chiefs. 'cause I do think it was a predominantly Eagles crowd. It has to do with her politics and her shoving them down our throat. Taking aside, endorsing Kamala Harris because of Tim Walls and his let's trans everyone's children and put tampons in men men's rooms, policies.


She's managed to alienate half more than half of the country. Taylor, sorry. FAF fo You were in the FO part of your political endorsement phase. No doubt. Well, I'm still trying to recover from a post I made a few weeks ago where I said, in a world full of Taylor Swift's be Carey Underwood. And I stand by that tweet. Yeah. Yeah. That is a good tweet. Oh yes. But I think a lot of, I think a lot of people are, are are this, to me, this was even more than about football, right? It's almost a culture reckoning here. People are tired of the media putting false idols in front of 'em with a political agenda. And they wanna get it behind a real leader that the people can understand that actually see eye to eye with. And that's Donald Trump. This wasn't about Philly fans or Eagles booing them because she roots for Travis Kelsey and the Chiefs.


It's exactly what you said, Megan. It's the political things. Whoever propped Taylor up to be this position, I'll never know. NFL fans don't want this and America doesn't want this. So I'm not sorry. I don't feel bad for her at all. She deserved what she got. Yeah, I, I don't feel Taylor Swift made so much money at the end of the day. It, you'd be hard pressed to make me feel bad for her about anything. But I think this goes back to authenticity. I think even the people that don't like Donald Trump respect him because at least he is being who he truly is. Taylor Swift feels like a puppet. It feels like a puppet if you watch her political affiliation. And that mixed with them just shoving her down our throats as football fans the whole year in the past two years.


I think it all culminated in that. And that's the juxtaposition. You may not like me personally, but I'm real. And you can respect that. You may not like me personally, but I'm inauthentic. I'm gonna boo the inauthentic person. And You know what? That makes me feel like we're more back than anything. Who do you think gets a louder standing ovation in that moment though? Donald Trump or Meghan Kelly? I don't go me Kelly. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go Kelly. Thousand percent I'm gonna talk about, trust me. Yeah, I'm going messy the stadium. I'm going even with messed up hair, which I'm sure look great. I'd still go me for sure. It, it could've looked better. I'm not gonna lie. You know, I will tell you what my favorite celeb sighting of the whole weekend and there were some great very cool people there.


But I was, I always like it when I get surprised. I was, I swung by the, this Fox party that my old hot and guess who came over to me and told me he was my number one fan. I'm probably gonna get him in trouble. But he's a big fan apparently of the MK Show. Rob Lowe? Yes. Really? Wow. Grant Pack star, Rob Lowe. I was like, welcome aboard on the fair and balanced squad. He didn't say what his politics were, but he was just, I think he was talking about honesty. You know, he appreciated the honesty of the show and didn't show his politics one way or the other. But to your point about authenticity, people know when they're getting it right.


They know. Yeah. They know with Trump they're getting the real deal. And I think with Taylor Swift, she's had some good like battles that she's fought. She's stood up for herself. That whole scooter bra thing. And they tried to steal her music away and for a while the country was uniformly behind her. But she blew it. She blew it by two things. I say number one over exposure. Same thing happened to J-Lo. She, it was too much. Too many places where it's just like, I'm sick of you. I gave you some celebration. Maybe I brought my kid to your ERAS tour. Now I get you shoved down my throat in every magazine, cover all over the internet at the football games every week. And I'm just trying to watch the game.


I'm sick of you. And then secondly, and more importantly, she got political and I'm sorry, no matter which side you choose, you're going to alienate half of the country. Especially when you go for the Dem and say it's the L-G-B-T-Q piece of the Dem platform that's making you endorse them. In particular, she named Tim Wal a lunatic who literally would like to trans our children and take custody away from us if we don't wanna do it. And also she abandoned her country music roots. I know that's just a different part of this. But still that's where she came from. And I don't fault her at all for becoming a pop star and hey, my origins are just as a country music artist.


But it feels like part of it, she's abandoned that completely just to go sing pop music and is sort of never returned or to that demographic of family. Well, I mean, in a weird way, this kind of has shades and Meghan, you may remember this, of the Dixie Chicks and what happened to them. I mean, I remember that fault from Grace when they got political. Now it's not to the extent with Taylor Swift because they were still singing country music and things like that. But I, I would put to you Meghan, that one of the main reasons outside of awful policy, I mean Tim Waltz, as sad as it is, I think he was just born that way. I, I think he's that type of person. He's insane. Wanting to put tampons in the boys' bathrooms and calling yourself a football coach when we all know you weren't. And meanwhile, at the same time you were in Tiananmen Square standing up in front of tanks when you weren't even there that time.


Run, run that big six. That's a story for another day. But I would put to you Megan, that one of the same reasons that Kamala lost so badly, I think she would've lost even if she was an okay candidate, wa was the inauthenticity. And that same thing has started to drag Taylor Swift down at the end of the day. Not just getting political, not just backing the wrong poli political horse, but you can smell a fake from a mile away. And she's 100% fake when it comes to this stuff. And outside of talking about 14-year-old boys that she broke up with, I don't know if there's anything authentic about her. Give me Lainey Wilson any day who I met and sweat spent some time with. Now you're talking And loved by the way. She was amazing. She's from Louisiana. I did not realize that.


What a class act super talented was nice to everybody. Loved spending some time with her and getting to know her and her team. Okay, let's talk about the game because I definitely sensed a shift. Did you guys not in like what's happening in our culture happened at the Super Bowl? And this of course is a, is a cultural touchstone. It, You know, touchstone, it always is. So first of all, we had a presidential interview at the halftime. Again, I know it's not everybody's highlight, but it's important. It's something we do. It's part of tradition. And the fact that Joe Biden couldn't and or wouldn't do this to maintain this long held tradition was disgraceful.


We knew it was because he wasn't all there. He's still not all there. That's why Trump just stripped him that plus fair game. 'cause it was done to Trump of his security clearance saying he, even though special council Rob Robert Hurst said, well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory, why would we be giving this guy top, top secret classified documents access. But in any event, Trump gave the interview to Brett Bearer. He did great. It was a snappy seven minute piece of a longer interview that Brett's airing tonight. And we'll have highlights of it tomorrow. But that was number one. The president for the first time showed up was robust, was having a great time, was glad handing with everybody a moment for the country to celebrate our shared leadership and wasn't too infirm to sit down and go man am man with Brett Bear.


Let's start there. Yeah, well I, you brought back an old tradition. You mentioned the Super Bowl halftime one that Joe Biden sat out. Now he didn't know he was sitting out. We think they took him to a little league football game and told him it was the Super Bowl and he thought he probably did one. But maybe starting a new tradition where the sitting president goes to the Super Bowl. Yeah. What is more American than that? What is more American than that entrance that Donald Trump had shaking hands with the players there before the game. And then in we talk about juxtaposition, you talk about Taylor Swift sitting on one side and, and Donald Trump sitting on the other. How about the juxtaposition of the president not only doing the interview but looking unbelievably cognizant and going at warp speed in the first couple of weeks is of his administration.


That to me was the worst look for the Democrats. Joe Bo or or Donald Trump was cognizant. He was aware, he was snappy. He was serious. Could also be light. Just totally different than what Joe Biden. Well, yeah. I mean let's talk about what he did before this, before he even got to the Super Bowl. He was playing golf at Tiger Woods. Yeah. Something that's a win by itself. That's, Is this the coolest day ever? Yeah. Houston, you go play Golf. He's living his best Life. Is life for sure. His son. Then you go to the Super Bowl and do it does absolutely kill an interview. Well, in many ways I felt like percent felt okay, we are back to my childhood. A a sitting president gets a standing ovation regardless of political party. That's awesome. The game was a blowout. Like most of them in my childhood were, a couple of the commercials were funny because I had to sit through several years here where I didn't laugh at a single commercial.


At least a couple of them were funny on the flip. 'cause They were all telling you, but you were evil 'cause you're a white man. Yeah, Dad. Hundred Had and some of these were very funny. But on the flip side of that also, we still have a black national anthem, which I can't believe we even have to make that statement that we've splintered so badly. We have to have a completely separate national anthem. Agreed. And we had agreed, what, in my opinion was a, a completely out of touch halftime performance. Regardless if you think Kendrick Lamar, this rapper is talented or is a great lyricist or whatever, the national appeal to me doesn't justify him performing at the Super Bowl. It's the largest get American didn't event didn't. So I just Understand, I wanna talk about that. I mean, I appreciated that there, there seemed to be somewhat, there was red, white and blue. I was like, okay, is he a patriot? I can't tell. Then there's online people speculating that.


No, there was actually, it was like somehow a middle finger to America was Sam, Sam Jackson. I don't totally understand the theories. I saw red, white, and blue and I liked it, but I didn't understand a word he said. I didn't understand his messaging. Apparently he sung the, the one song that was, or he, he sang the one song that is like his big rip on Drake. So that's like a personal thing. I don't, ah, I oh, we have some of it. Okay, let's watch. I'm gonna do my stuff. Why you show not like a Ain't You Tired trying to strike a chord? And it's probably a minor. He's suggesting Drake is a pedophile here. They not Struck the court. It's probably a minor.


No, they not like us. Just Serena, Serena Williams meet up. They not like us. No, they not like us. No, they not like us. A cameo was the ex is the ex-girlfriend of Drake, by the way. No evidence that Drake is a pedophile whatsoever. This is, this is some sort of internet thing that Kendrick Lamar put into a song. They don't like each other. I guess he was like sort of a protege of Drake's, but then they broke up and they don't like each other. But that's a little small ball for the Super Bowl. And I, you looked around during the performance, nobody was even paying attention. Everybody's on their phone. It wasn't like it was far from like a Michael Jackson where it's like, oh my God. Right? Everybody in the stadium's riveted. It was like, eh, okay.


Well I I mean Megan, You know, you bring up the small ball comment and, and I think you're right. I think something that would've been cooler is he, if, if he'd have brought Drake out during that and they would've squashed the beef and it would've been like a unifying thing and everybody would've got behind it, I think that'd have been a much more lucrative way to go about it. Now all of a sudden, next week y'all are dropping a remix to a song together that goes to number one in the charts. 'cause you just did it at the Super Bowl. But it's this childish thing. And look, we know people do this in music, they beef with each other in this, that, and the other. But as far as as deciding to put hymn as the halftime show, and David has three great solutions. Three Super Bowl halftime, which I'm sure he is gonna tell you here in a minute. But if I can't understand the words that you're saying and when I listen to, to Money Trees by Kendrick Lamar and some of the other songs he does that I like, I can 100% understand what he's saying.


But he might as well have been speaking North Korean to me. That's why after the first three minutes, I couldn't understand, I can't go along with something, You know, at the, it was verbal braille that what it was, that's what it was. I had no idea what he was saying. Ben Shapiro at The Daily Wire, he tweeted out something like, it's a beautiful voice and a beautiful accent. But to be perfectly honest, I can't understand a word you're saying, live in peace. The exact thing that, that Trump said to that Afghanistan journalist last week. Well he, he sounds like Joe Biden when he was on the debate stage. I I had no idea. And what's the Serena Serena Williams like, isn't she ma you're married to a white guy singing a song called they're not like Us. Yeah. What are you doing? And if I'm Serena Williams husband, you're gone. Yeah. You're going back and dancing with your for your ex or your No, no, no, no.


There's, I'm good Megan. There's three Solutions way. Her husband didn't, her husband who was the CEO of Reddit give up his position voluntarily to somebody who's not white. It was during the post George George Floyd a palooza mania where he was like, I'm too white. I'm gonna give up. My team's gonna check me on this. But I distinctly remember this story where he believe seat his role Yeah. For being a white guy. So it's like, alright, whatever. I don't know why she was there. But here, here, here was I, 'cause I know you were asking each other on your show. What did the ladies of the view think of it? Well, I've got your answer. Here's what they thought. I did ask you that, where they went in response to the halftime show.


I think today Donald Trump is gonna sign an executive order banning black people from halftime. Because you Remember last week we were talking about whether the NFL was capitulating to Trump by removing the term and racism from the end zone. Yeah. Boy did they not capitulate to Trump. Yeah. When I saw Samuel L. Jackson Yeah. Dressed as a black uncle fan, Introducing Ken to Lamar. Yeah. Who Then had like an entire formation of all black people making a US flag and all the racists who somehow get in, man, were they hopping mad?


So if the raises are mad, I am happy ass a clan. It was so nice to see black excellence and joy in front of the sitting president who decided for the first time to go Through the Super Bowl. So man Trump is upset because there were black people performing there. The, that's, that's their message. The accusations of racism don't land for me. When one, you just brought up Michael Jackson's performance all time great. And two Prince singing Purple Rain in the Rain is one of the greatest halftime, one of the greatest concert performances that you will ever see. But I have three solutions to fix the halftime show. Meghan one, just let Chris Stapleton do it every single year. If you already love him, you're happy.


If you don't already love him, congratulations. You're about to fall in love. And we don't need any theatrics. We don't need to run a stage out there. We don't even need backup singers or a guitar. Just let him go sing Broken Halos acapella and that'll solve it. Or Laney Wilson for that matter. Two, yeah. We have the technology now where everyone could just pick the musical artists they want. Let's have five different ones representing the major genres of music across the country. If you wanna listen to the hip hop one, you click that. If you wanna listen to the Rock one, you click that. Let Elon Musk come up with the details. I'm just the idea guy. Or three, we just get rid of it completely. Because high level athletes running into each other for three hours should be entertaining enough. I I, I'm not sure those are gonna work, but I have to say I don't understand how we, how we make it racial.


It's like maybe you like the songs, maybe you didn't, but because it was all black people out there, that's a fuck you to Trump. That's an in your face. Yeah. And Trump must have been very upset at seeing Black joy. Has there been a Republican president in modern history who has done more to reach out to black Americans, black voters, or who's gotten a greater proportion of them only to have their side call all those people. Uncle Toms, whenever a, a black Republican succeeds in America, they call the man or the woman an Uncle Tom, as if they're some sort of a race trader. And yet Anna Navarro, who by the way you're not black, has decided to appoint herself like defender in chief of black people.


She speaks for them all. I don't think so. Yeah. Megan, could we just, just for a second j just about the view, because what would've happened, and I'm gonna try and, You know, obviously watch my words here. I think if we wanted to get answers from terrorists faster, we wouldn't have to wor waterboard them. We wouldn't have to torture them. The form of torture we should actually use is to strap them to a chair and just play 24 hours straight of the view on a loop. I think you would get answers to where all the terrorists are. I think Hamas would be done in three weeks. If we would just do that to a couple of 'em. They tell us where everything Is. Same. I'd break like that. Yeah. And I broke out in a cold sweat. But, but the, the worst part is regardless of what would've happened at halftime, if it would've been a white person singing at halftime with all mixed people behind them, they would've called Donald Trump racist.


Because a white person saying it halftime, there's no winning it. There's no way to appease these people. 'cause this is all they got. But Megan, here's what I'm begging all Republicans to do. All pundits that go on shows, let them keep doing it. They're losing and they're losing so hard. It's, they've been found out. Don't help them. I see Mike Murphy and these guys on panels trying to tell 'em how to help 'em. I come to the sports world, if you are running the ball and it's not working, and I'm on defense. I don't go over to you at halftime and say, Hey guys, y'all may wanna start throwing the ball. We struggle against that worse. Let them bury themselves. Let the view keep doing it. Let Margaret Brennan and all these other people keep doing it, Margaret, because they're gonna keep going down.


Poor Margaret, she, her name has become the new Karen. You know, you're doing something wrong when your name has become the new Karen. Yeah. All right. Let's talk about some of the ads. Very interesting turns from Pfizer and from Bud Light, You know, to companies that were very much in the news over the past few years, and not for the right reasons. Pfizer has been, You know, paid, I don't know how much you paid. They paid Travis Kelsey to endorse their product. Their ad, You know, name is everywhere. But their reputation has really taken a hit because as they came up with the vaccine and so on. But the point is, they were not open about the vaccine side effects. There are many Americans who have been vaccine injured who, because they struck this deal where they have this immunity for creating the vaccine, get a pittance in a settlement, they get almost nothing.


But Pfizer executives got very rich. The company got very rich and they just keep pushing it. I mean, people like they're, do You know that they're on the eighth booster now? That's the people who are like obsessed with the Pfizer. They're on their eighth booster and they're still pushing it on 15-year-old boys who are getting myocarditis a heart infection, which is very serious. And some of the heart scarring from that may never heal. So yes, many of us look at Pfizer as a villain. Okay? They decided to drop an ad. It had nothing to do with their, their vaccine. They decided to go for the heartstrings focusing on other things that Pfizer does.


Watch Ladies and gentlemen call Rings the bell, Hey cancer, we're gonna knock you out with the little boy Cheering Kenny hug his mom, come to the dad Pfizer's fighting for eight cancer drugs.


Was that the Yeah, I mean, it was effective. It made me feel something, You know, a mother hugging her cancer stricken little boy. Of course, You know, the problem for Pfizer is that's only part of the story. Yeah. Look, anytime you show a kid beating cancer, it pretty much makes your ad uncustomizable. So congratulations to them on that. But the trust factor still in there for me. Yeah. Same with Bud Light, which I know we'll get to. Yeah, No, I, I don't trust you. Yeah, you can, again, it was, it was effective. Like, I mean, I could feel something we just had our first child that, that, You know, affects me. But, You know, also, one of the first things I thought when, when we had our child was about vaccines. I mean, you brought up Megan eight boosters. Brad Pitt didn't need eight boosters to get cured in World War Z.


Let alone we need eight boosters to beat Coronavirus. What's World War Z? Oh, you haven't seen the zombie movie with Brad Pint? Oh, Megan put it on the list. Put it on the big screen. Let's get it on the big screen. Well, here's the funny part. Don't watch it. Megan, you and Doug need to watch it and it'll get to the point at the end where I'm talking about you're be like, oh Jake, when Jake said's, a hundred percent true. Like there is is A hundred percent True. We've got our plans. Alright, thank you for supplementing my social life. Alright, so you mentioned the Bud Light ad. The Bud Light Ad Bud Light has very clearly gotten the message. I mean, I get it. I, they're doing better. I'm just still so cynical about the brand. I'm like, you betrayed us. You never apologized.


You bent the knee to the trans lobby and the reason you never apologized. 'cause you're still on your knee to the trans lobby who are very mean and vocal and, but you should be on the knee to us, to us, and you should apologize. I know other people like Kid Rock disagree saying we punish them and that's enough. I'll show you the ad. You guys tell me what you think. You wanna go fishing tomorrow? I got a colonoscopy tomorrow. Fellas Accidentally threw a lame party. Okay, Ted, they're on their way. They're here. You call this a party. Cul-de-sac party launch launch.


Here's our metaphor for an invitation. Is That our leaf blower party In sec. You are quarterly invited to the end of the cul-de-sac. This is incredible. Your mower smokes meat. Oh, a smoker cuts grass. Hell Yeah. I spend most of my money on this. You rig. Fully custom Pretty Bud Lights. Can you fit in that puppy As many Bud Lights as it takes a lot of Bud Lights. We get it, we get it, we get it. We showed this ad last week. People get the, the gist. They're trying to appeal to your testosterone saying they get it and they never should have partnered with Dylan Mulvaney. So are you guys ready to drink a Bud Light or no? Hell No. Blaine, that was your drink of choice In the words of Jonah Hill.


I'll never forgive you. Yeah, I'll never, people don't forget. I'm sorry what you did. Well, I I can, you can't come back from this. There's certain things you can't come back from and it's, I don't care who you put on the tv, Shane Gillis, PEY Manning, Tom Brady, whoever the hell that other guy is. What's his name? Post Malone. Yeah. You know, post Malone. You know, post Malone. Well, I, at this point, there's nothing you can do to come back and get me to forgive what you did. You put Dylan Mulvaney as your biggest headline when it comes to a beer. How stupid can you be? And these people aren't. Sorry. They might put this commercial up here. Hey guys, we're sorry. It's like a South Park episode, but to me, I'm not, I have the brain of an elephant. I'm not gonna forget what So what if they made it Wrong? They had, they had a head of of marketing who said that the, that the customer base had gotten too frat boy.


Yeah. Yeah. Well, well it's again, why can't anybody just the next brand that screws up the best way to fix it is been the the best way to always fix it. When you mess up, when I mess up and don't put the napkins in the right place in the kitchen, my wife gets upset. You know what I say? I'm sorry. There you go. We'll be better next time. If that, if the Bud Light CEO would've came out and looked down the barrel of camera and said, look, we made a mistake in marketing. I didn't have a hand in it, but it was on me. I'm asking for your forgiveness and here's a, we're gonna lower the price of Bud Light by a dollar or something like that for the next week or something. That would've gotten you back in the good graces. 'cause still, yes. To this day, Megan, when I walk up to a bar, if I'm gonna order a Bud Light, which I don't anymore, if that thought pops in my head, I look around to see how many guys are around me.


Because every time I say the word Bud Light, I think about Dylan Mulvaney and like a Nike outfit for women. And it just gives me the chills and takes me to a Stranger Things place. It's amazing how much money Bud Light has spent with the endorsements and the commercials and the UFC sponsorship. They've spent all that money just because they can't say we were wrong or we are saying it's amazing. To Megan's point, they're trying to play both sides here. And now they're caught in a trap where they're trying to be everything to everybody. And I'm sorry, it's just not gonna work for me. And You know what else they did? So they got rid of that marketing representative and somebody else on the totem pole, but quietly, they didn't even do it openly. It was like, oh, they're, they're on temporary leave. But they didn't attribute it to this behavior.


And then suddenly they'd left the company, but they didn't attribute it to this behavior. He, all the guy needed to do was come out to your point and say, we screwed up. This was a marketing woman who went rogue and didn't understand the mission of this company. She's fired. And we apologize. We insulted and misjudged the values of our audience, of our customer base. And we will work steadily to make it up to you. That's it. I don't use the P word and I know the guy's a vet, but he's too much of a p word to just own it. And until he does that, you're not forgiven. I don't forgive you. And I also look at your beer as a trans bear.


That's it. Okay. Yeah. By the way, I was right about Serena Williams' husband from Harper's Bizarre June, 2020. Serena Williams' husband asks the Reddit board to replace him with a black candidate. Alexis Hanian has stepped down from the Reddit board in a statement regarding his decision. Hanian revealed. I have urged them to fill my seat with a black candidate and I'll use my future gains on my Reddit stock to serve the black community chief lead curb racial hate. And I'm starting with a pledge of $1 million to Colin Kaepernick's. Know your Rights Camp. Wow. William Supported her husband's decision and tweeted having diverse views on any boards is important. So proud of you, Alexis.


I know Olympia will be too. Okay. That's where we were in June, 2020. Only rich people can do that. What a lovely, a rich person. I've never seen a plumber from the middle of Ohio go, You know what? I'm the number one plumber here in Canton, but I'm stepping down 'cause I'm white only Rich. That's like the richest thing I've ever heard. That that just, that's in a, a fantasy land that I can't even, I hope one day maybe I can live in that realm. I'm not stepping down. It sounds like maybe it's one of my, for one of my kids or something, but it sounds like to me he didn't really wanna work anymore. No. He just hoisted. He didn't need To one someone else. It's very white saviory a long game. It's very white saviory. You know what I like? Oh, it's bad. I must step aside for you blacks to have my position otherwise just quit.


You could never get in because of course you couldn't beat me, You know, on the merits. It's just, it's, it stinks on many levels. Okay, now there were some good ads and my team has reached out to you guys and we have gotten your favorites. And I, I feel like it might be unanimous that this is the number one favorite ad for Jeep. Hmm. Longest thing we ever do is live our lives. But life doesn't come with an owner's manual. Might've been nice, huh? But that means we get to write our own stories. Freedom is yes or no.


Or maybe freedom is for everybody, but it isn't free. It's earned. There are real heroes in the world, but not the ones in the movies. Real heroes are humble. They're not driven by pride. The most sacred thing in life isn't the path. It is the freedom to choose. So choose but choose wisely. Choose what makes you happy. My friends, my family, my work make me happy. This Jeep makes me happy.


Even though my name is Yeah. Damn Right. I hadn't seen that. I hadn't seen that. You know, the, the, the problem with being at the game is you don't see any of the ads. That was amazing. I loved it. Yeah. Well I look, it's the formula for the perfect ad, right? America winning wars, you're a product. Good monologue that isn't political. Plus a dog and Han Solo and Han, I mean Han solo. But that's, I'm not a mathematician, but that's a pretty good formula, Kevin. No doubt. It made me just feel, it made me feel proud to be an American. Yeah. Right? And that, that's the message we need to send out to people right now. You should be proud to be an American and that it, it doesn't get better than that to me.


Yep. Harrison Ford is still really cool and maybe he's, he's done a celebrity endorsement of a political candidate. I don't remember it. If he has, he is not that outspoken on politics. At a minimum I can say that I think I would've noticed. But I must tell you, even if he were, I would totally forgive and love him. You know, I I I just think he's so cool. He is like transcended all that stuff for me. I, yes. Star Wars, everybody loves him from Star Wars. That's more, I think of a guy thing, to be perfectly honest, for a woman, it's the working girl character that he played. There's never been anybody cuter. He was adores and he's got this great combination of being like relatable, but also like very sexy.


And as he gets older, he's not dying. His hair, his voice is getting kind of gravelly. He's, I don't know. He's, he's entered like a different phase of cool. And Jeep was very smart to get him to endorse their product and to do all the imagery that you guys just talked about. It's, even if it's subtle, you get what they're saying. Like, we're back. America is back baby. And Jeep is on board for it. Okay. So that I see why you loved it. Thank you for bringing it to my attention. The next one my team tells me you guys enjoyed was the Uber Eats ad. Here it is. Stop. 14. In the very beginning, football has been a conspiracy to make us hungry. And we'll Call this a Pig skin.


Make people crave bacon. Bacon, bacon. And everybody loves bacon. I love bacon. They do anything to sell Food Coach. How can we only play on Sundays? Because nobody's eating ice cream Saturdays kid. Jeez. So the packages were named after meat packages. What should we call the fans? Go Cheese, eggs. Of course. Why do you think Buffalo Got a team? Hmm. These wings deserve a team. Yeah. I pick out a good team name for Buffalo. Bill Buffalo. Buffalo. And their biggest game. Come on our Championship will be A super cup. Can't eat out of a cup, Ted, but a bowl. How about a Super Bowl? And we'll start Any new players after appliances.


Hey coach, do I have to be called refrigerator? Yes. In Peyton, he was a beef salesman. Omaha Steak Omaha, no one believes that football is just some conspiracy to sell food when football makes you hungry. Order Uber, eat. Well Done. That's very clever. Well done. Everything you just said said you love about it. About Harrison Ford. Everything you just said about Harrison Ford a minute ago. Copy and paste to Matthew McConaughey. Effortless. Effortlessly. Cool. I mean, is he our generation's a younger generation's. Harrison Ford. Ah, I Mean, yeah, look, Matthew McConaughey McConaughey's, his versatility is incredible. But You know, Megan, this is like the culmination of a bunch of other commercials that they've done with Matthew McConaughey talking about food that have all been funny.


Yeah. So this was like, they've all been good. You did one with Woodie Haron that I enjoyed. That's fantastic. So I I think it's original too. I I would, I I'm the biggest football fan of the world. I would've never made that connection. So the originality Matthew McConaughey being funny and then going through the different eras of football all the way back to the first game, to kind of modern day with Peyton Manning. I just thought it was absolutely perfectly put together. And it's, it's funny, it's originally funny and not forced, which I think is money. I saw a quick clip of Matthew McConaughey. I don't even know what it was from, but You know, he, I think he is from Texas and he's like, this is some, the interviewer's like, how you doing? And he goes, just trying to get my eight seconds on the bull. Like everyone else.


Yeah. All right, all right, all Right. I can't, half his commercials, at least I understood what he was saying in that one. When he does the Escalade commercials, he's just, just talking in, in nonsensical quips. And it at least, and it Still Works. And it still works. It's close to Kendrick Are still, that's how You know you've got talent. Yeah, that's exactly Right. Alright, what'd you think Blaine? I thought it was kind of the same thing. Echo what Jake said. It's kind of a different train of thought when it comes to sports, which is creative and cool and it's clever. And anytime you put together football, food and Matthew McConaughey, I mean that's basically the Triple X right there. That's a trifecta. I buy, I'll buy whatever from Uber Eats. Hell at this point I'm pretty close to buying Uber Eats and a Jeep. And there's no woke messaging. Same. No, just, just like straightforward to the point.


Highlighted your product, like you said and made me laugh. Yeah, That's all it takes. Just didn't have the Dog Uber Eats something so funny about Uber Eats. I I, I just remarking on this to my husband the other day. Our 15-year-old had some buddies over and it was like maybe five o'clock in the afternoon and two of 'em are sitting there eating like burgers and fries. I did not get anybody burgers and fries. And they'd been at my house for a couple of hours. I'm like, where'd you guys get, where'd you, they're like, oh, we uber eat it. I'm Like, money You no Longer have to provide, You know, as, as like the homemaker. You, you don't have to provide for anybody. Well, when my wife was pregnant, I mean we, we probably had the Uber eat stock go up about 70% for the last four months of that. So it's, it's always a winner.


And I mean, you don't even have to go to the drive. I think drive-throughs, You know, maybe hurting a little bit like the old school drive-throughs. 'cause you don't even have to go to the drive-through anymore. They'll just bring it to the house. There's something about people delivering your food. It just hits different, it does hit different. It just hits down. Yeah. Well I'm a big fan now. I did it wind up feeding them again later. But man, Uber, thank you for the assist guys. Thank you for the assist. I appreciate it and enjoy the show. Thanks so much for having us, Megan. It's always a pleasure to come on here and glad you had a good time at the Super Bowl. Maybe we'll see you for next. They're like, they're my translators. They, they translate sports into Newspeak so I can understand it. Yes, well done


these days. Personal safety is not something that can be left to chance, whether at home, on the road, or just living everyday life. Having a reliable way to protect yourself and your family is crucial. This is why Burna is the choice for so many. Burna is a game changing, less lethal self-defense tool, compact, powerful and easy to use. It provides the confidence to act in any situation. Burna uses non-lethal rounds, tear, gas, pepper, and kinetic projectiles to effectively stop a threat from a safe distance. And the best part is burna can be shipped direct to your door and it's legal in all 50 states. The good thing about Burna, if you're, You know, somebody who doesn't practice with firearms all the time, is you don't even have to have the best aim. If you can hit like the wall right behind the intruder or the bad guy, you could potentially incapacitate him with this. What's essentially, essentially like a chemical weapon in this projectile. So you don't actually have to hit the guy as long as you get it really close to him. It could take him out for the next hour, which is the time you need to protect yourself. Burna is proudly American with products hand assembled in Fort Wayne, Indiana. Sometimes a firearm is not the right option for you. And Burna provides a powerful alternative. Protect what matters most with Byrna. Visit Byrna dot com, that's B yna.com/megan and that will get you a 10% discount. And learn for yourself why thousands of people and law enforcement agencies are making the switch to burn's less lethal protection. Byrna, non self-defense. Always ready.


We all have about a million things on our plates these days. Family work, staying healthy. But I wanna tell you about We Heart Nutrition. We Heart Nutrition creates the high quality research backed supplements for women and men at every stage of life. Whether you are managing a busy household, a demanding career, or both, these supplements are designed to help you stay strong, energized, and to achieve your wellness goals. They are proudly pro-life, donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers. And with over 1005 star reviews, people are seeing real results and sharing how these products have changed their lives. Go to we heart nutrition.com and take their 22nd quiz to get recommendations tailored just for you. And right now, we Heart Nutrition is offering 20% off your first order when you use Code Megan at checkout. Plus get a free Bamboo capsule box with any order of 50 bucks or more. Invest in your health. Head to we heart nutrition.com today, and use code Megan for 20% off your first order. That's we heart nutrition.com code. Megan.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer Details apply.


I have a couple of other things to say. I wanted to say something about Harrison Ford. I've been meaning to mention this to you. So everybody saw the movie Presumed Innocent, right? Or read the book by Scott Ot. If you haven't, please do both. The movie came out years and years ago. It starred Harrison Ford as an embattled prosecutor who winds up accused in the death of his mistress. And it's just an amazing, well written, well done book and movie. And Harrison Ford's amazing in it. So then this past summer, they came out with a Netflix like Redo of Presumed Innocent as a series, like a six episode series.


And it was written, I think Scott Tarot consulted, but it was written this one by David E. Kelly, the guy who wrote The Practice and Big Little Lies and he, I mean, he's one of our best television writers. He also happens to be married to Michelle Pfeiffer. So he wrote it and Jake Gyllenhal started in it. It was really well done and it was very different from the original. He went way off the book, but also came up with a bunch of clever twists and my whole family enjoyed it. We were on the edge of our seats, the whole six episodes. Well just now, Scot OT has dropped his sequel. It's like one of the sequels, I guess it's like the second sequel, two Presumed Innocent, and it's called Presumed Guilty.


And I listen to my books. I don't really read them, I just, I read so much for the show. I like to spare my eyes. So I listened to the whole thing on audio book, and I loved the audio book. I want you to know this. I loved the audio book of presumed Guilty. The guy who reads it, forgive me, I don't have his name in front of me. He sounds like he's like a guy who like, You know, maybe was kinda waspy drinks scotch at night and is just sick of the bullshit. You know, that's just how he sounds to me. Like just sort of a no nonsense dude who's like, this is the way the world is now, Scott, I is a democrat and there's like, there's a little, he's not woke. There's a little touch of those like messages in there. I don't care. I think he's brilliant.


I really, really enjoyed it. And I think you might enjoy the read of Presumed Guilty, but I'm just gonna tell you another thing. So it got me on a Scott Tarot path, and I didn't realize he did write a sequel to Presumed Innocent called Innocent. And it involves all the same characters as the first book. And I'm listening to that on audio tape right now, and I cannot put it down. It's so good. Don't know how it's gonna end, You know, bear with me. But if you're looking for something, if you like legal thrillers as I do, I think you'll really enjoy this. And Scot Row, thank you for the hours and hours of entertainment. For what it's worth, in my head, when I picture Rusty Savage, the protagonist of all of these books, I picture Harrison Ford just makes you love him even more.


Just goes to show you get one of those big roles as an actor. You can ride it for the next several decades if you at at least connect to somebody who's a hit writer like Scott Rose. So there you go. My entertainment recommendations for the day. Okay, I wanna get to what happened. There's so much news, but we'll talk about it tomorrow. We have a full show for you tomorrow. I mean, I went, I, I, I went over, I was in the YouTube box and met a lot of absolutely love, lovely people. Such accomplished people who were so, so like in good humor and down to earth. Or one guy who owns Tinder and match.com and another guy who ran, runs Pinterest.


Super sweet guys. Like who absolutely no, hes about them. You would never have known that they run these very big powerful companies. Just very cool people. Really enjoyed our time with these guys. Then I got up, I told you about Lainey Wilson Star, the, the nicest, had a deep conversation with her about God and religion and where she's at and where I'm at, and really, really loved. She sent me some great recommendations, including us, a Sean Ryan podcast she really loved. We both are big friends or big fans of Sean Ryan. So then I was trying to use the ladies' room and something very funny happened. I went out, right be, I told you where I was in relation to Taylor Swift.


Well, I, I walk out the box, the suite, and there's, You know, the dress, the, the lady in a dress that signifies this is the women's room. So I go and there's a woman standing there. And so I of course just assumed there's a line. And I'm like, oh, is are you in line? And she's like, no. I'm like, oh, okay. So I go to get past her and she's like, oh no, I think someone's in there. I'm like, one person. You know, like, I'm like, oh, she, she's like, I she, there was something unclear about what she said. So I tried to go past her and then I pressed down the doorknob and it started to open. And I heard like, oh. And then she was like, oh, no, no. And then I realized Taylor Swift was clearly in there and this was like a privacy guard for her.


So I think I almost walked in on Taylor Swift in the bathroom, and I'm really glad that did not happen. Really, really glad. So then I realized it was just one of those one stall bathrooms. And I found the actual women's room, which is where I went. It was fine. But on my way to try to find the women's room, I actually ran into Donald Trump Jr. And he's such a sweetheart, I have to say he's really one of my favorite people. I have never seen him or he is anything other than totally magnanimous, kind, warm. What do you need? What do you need to know? How can I be of help to you?


Just like the most genuine, likable guy. Truly, I'm a huge fan of his. And he was with his new girlfriend, who I met who was stunning, stunning. She's like super tall. And You know, you're taken aback by the beauty coming at you down the hall. She was super gracious, very nice person. And they're going the other way. I'm going this way. And he said, oh, have you seen my dad? I was like, no, I, I haven't seen him. And he is like, do you wanna say hi? And of course I wanna say hi to the president. It was out of his way. He was leaving the suite. They were walking like halfway down the hall. By the time he offers me this, he sees me, he turns back around to take me back into the suite.


That's very kind. He's like with an entourage. Really appreciated it. Go in there. It's like a who's who of You know, republican politics in there. Got to meet Caroline Levitt. That was a highlight. His press secretary, 27-year-old star. And of course, this is a picture of yours truly with the president, with Don Jr. And with Steve Scalise. Total patriot, of course took a bullet from a, a lunatic who was outraged over things he'd heard on Rachel Maddow's show, but really was just a lunatic and has gone on to just do wonders in the Republican party. Very loyal to the president, close ally. So I enjoyed meeting with Caroline.


She's crushing it. Do You know she has a, a baby? She has a baby, a 1-year-old who is a, a little boy. And she is of course having all the struggles of new motherhood while she's on the road constantly with President Trump. But she's finding a balance, what she's doing as a service to her country. She's, I think, truly just a patriot. She, she loves Trump, she loves the country. And I think she's correct that she can find a balance, even though she's got a baby right now between serving her country and the president and taking care of her little boy. She's got a very supportive husband too. So, say a prayer for Caroline, she that, that's a big challenge. And I think she's doing a wonderful job. Got to spend some time with Katie Britt, who was there with her son, her teenage son who's 14-year-old freshman in high school.


What a doll. I told him how cool his mom is. She's there taking her son to the Super Bowl. Hello? That's, I mean, what a, anyway, saw Eric Schmidt, former Attorney General of Missouri, who now is the senator from the state. He's been doing great work on so many issues that are near and dear to all of our hearts. The whole thing was just such a uplifting tour, right? Like you walk through and you see this person to him, you're grateful and that person, to him, you're grateful. The president was next to his daughter Ivanka, who has been far less in the public eye this time around, but is a total class act. She's just, You know, she and Jared, I think decided to recede from political life.


'cause they just got completely battered and bruised first. They all did. I mean, Don Jr always says he's the most subpoenaed person in US history. Eric Trump too. Same Laura Trump is more outspoken and she enjoys that. But not everybody wants the downside of what comes with putting yourself out there when it comes to politics. And I think Jared and Ivanka, You know, I think they're there for the president, but maybe just don't want that to be the pointed part of the spear. Like their dad as she was next to the president, looked luminous, totally warm. And the whole, all the family, I think there are natural closeness with one another leads to like an inner joy. I I do. I mean, they're extremely close. They're extremely loyal to one another.


They know they have that sort of wolf pack. And I think if you build that same dynamic in your own family, it'll, you'll have the same closeness with your kids. You'll have the same comradery even when they're all adults and they're already producing the next generation. So anyway, had a great chat with the president. After I left him, he banned the penny. Or maybe it was right before, I don't know if he banned the penny last night because apparently cost more than 2 cents to make 1 cents. Trump said, this makes no sense. So we're not making pennies anymore. I've gotta say thumbs up. It was the least of what he did over the weekend. And we'll talk about all of that in more detail tomorrow.


But I think the overall sentiment I got from Team Trump was that they're thrilled that the fight the left is choosing to pick is over the firing of bureaucrats. The jobs of bureaucrats. Boo-hoo, a bureaucrat got fired. A bureaucrat has lost their lifetime employment on the public dime. They accurately deduce that. That is not going to tug on anybody's heartstrings. No one's. And You know, Trump said to Brett, bear, I ran on this. I ran on, I told people I was going to do this. And You know, B Brett brought up with him. Well, You know, people, some people say whatever, Elon's in there with his team of, You know, tech bros.


And they're looking at things they shouldn't be looking at. And what, You know, what's, is he looking up his competitors' private data? Like what's he doing? It's like, what, what reason do you have to distrust him? Right? And here's Trump defending Elon, for what it's worth, I don't know if it's kickbacks or what's going on, but the people, look, I ran on this and the people want me to find it. And I've had a great help with Elon Musk, who's been terrific. Bottom line, you say you trust him, trust Elon. Oh, he's not gaining anything. In fact, I wonder how he can devote the time to it. He's so into it. But I told him do that. Then I'm gonna tell him very soon, like maybe in 24 hours to go check the Department of education, he's gonna find the same thing.


Then I'm gonna go go to the military, let's check the military. We're gonna find billions, hundreds of billions of dollars of fraud and abuse. And You know, the people elected me on that A hundred percent. Right? And that's been o one of the things all along. We are so lucky we have Elon Musk willing to work for us, willing to bring this tech team in there to kick the tires of these agencies and see who's wasting our money with a bunch of fraudulent kickback schemes to their left wing buddies. And the answer is a lot, a lot of people are, there have been some activist judges trying to slow it down or stop it. I have, I am very confident that the executive branch will see its powers upheld once these cases go up and appeal.


There's one Trump appointed judge who slowed some of the layoffs that he's going to be doing, the federal workers that's going to get resolved. He just said, we're gonna have a hearing on it. I don't think that's a, that's a real win for the Trump challengers. That's, he's just saying let's slow it down until we can actually have a hearing. And I can hear the issues briefed. Their argument is you can't lay them off with eight months of pay promise because the, the, they're only guaranteed pay through March. And so no one has the power to authorize them pay for the next eight months. So we'll work that out. These people are going to go, they're taking the voluntary buyout and some are getting fired. Anyway. I really have faith that Trump does have the executive powers that he's saying he does.


And that in nine outta 10 of these cases, he'll win. I mean, it could be 10 outta 10, but I actually took a hard look at most of 'em and, and thought his executive power seems very much intact. These are just people who can't deal with reality. Deb, do we have the soundbite of the, the bureaucrat upset? Is it with, yeah, it's with Margaret Brennan. Speaking of Brian. So this is, I don't know why Mar, Margaret, Brennan has decided to absolutely ruin her career. First with that vice presidential debate and with her JD Vance interviews, just the pathetic nature of her journalism in general. And now she and CBS news decide this is the place to go with the story. Like the story of the Trump presidency, which by the way, we talked about that poll.


Mention it in passing Trump's poll right now. The latest poll has him up six on his approval rating since he was elected. He's at 53%, 47% disapprove. 53% is high for President Trump. He, yeah, it's across the board. I mean, several polls. Quinnipiac has him up three, Emerson has him up. Eight pew's got him down four. That's an outlier. The economist has him up. Six CBS has him up. Six. The people like what Trump is doing across age groups. The breakdown of the demographics on the approval rating, ages 18 to 29, he's up 10 with them versus approval versus disapproval 30 to 44, up four Gen X, 45 to 64, up 12.


And with the boomers, he's even, I mean he's, he's crushing it. There's a reason he's crushing it because as he said, he's doing all the things that he said he was going to do. But Margaret Brennan didn't get the memo. Margaret Brennan decided. What we need to do is really highlight the stories of the poor federal bureaucrats who don't wanna be fired. Here is sought 20. We spoke with a 10 year veteran of U-S-A-I-D who asked to stay anonymous out of fear for their family members'. Safety. Civil servants are at their core sworn to uphold the rules of our government, of our constitution and to serve each incoming administration.


My personal politics don't play a role. It Isn't clear why this sliver of spending less than 1% of the federal budget is the first focus of this so-called efficiency project. But it feels like a demolition, perhaps a preview of the future for other public servants. Please pay attention to usaid. This might not affect you right now, but it will tomorrow. It's a way to make us feel sympathy by making your guest sound like a monster. Like the, the voice modulation is disturbing, right? What is that? My god, no one feels sorry for the federal bureaucrats. Sorry. They just don't, they're more worried about their own lives and their own jobs and none of us has lifetime tenure.


What it like, unless you're a Supreme Court judge justice or a federal judge, you don't have lifetime tenure. Why do you think you deserve to have your federal fat cat bureaucrat job forever? I don't have my job forever. I've gotta work for it. I've gotta earn it. I don't feel sorry for you and CBS news, putting all the pictures of the kids in Africa who are starving. I don't see like the, the Somalian dance troupe. L-G-B-T-Q trans endeavors on your as your B-roll. Margaret, where's the trans choir from Ireland? Why am I paying for that? Right? Like that? That was not the B-roll. Oh, we're starving children. That's what Trump is doing. He's, he's trying to cause the death of little children. Maybe you should look at Democrats who corrupted this program from the start to make it their favorite left wing.


Cause slush fund endangering what legitimate offerings there were to the point where the thing as Elon said is now all worms. Maybe that's where you should be doing your deep digging, Margaret. Okay. I really don't care. Margaret, do you? Alright, so he's just starting with U-S-A-I-D and that one's not done. He, you heard him say, is gonna go over to the Department of Education and God only knows what we are going to find there. He's going to go to the Pentagon. In the meantime, over the weekend, Trump was revoking the security clearances. Yes. Of Joe Biden. As I said, I'm fine with it. And also, I love this one.


This is small, but I've, I've gotta say, okay, he revoked the SE security clearances and banned from federal buildings. Leticia James, the Attorney General, it's gonna make it tough for her to go to federal court down in Manhattan. DA Alvin Bragg. So fun. Biden's, former national security advisor, Jake Sullivan, who is foreign chief foreign policy advisor to Hillary Clinton too. Biden's Deputy Attorney General Lisa Monaco. That's long past, past due. Lisa Monaco not only helped orchestrate the Russia hoax, but is completely behind letting Hunter Biden off the hook. She was the one running herd on a lot of these slow roll against Hunter Biden per those two whistleblowers from the IRS by by Why should you have a security clearance at all?


You abused it, you abused it. Andrew Weissman lost his, I mean, what, what does he do now other than go on M-S-N-B-C and rip on Trump. Why does he need a security clearance? And here's, here's my personal favorite attorney, mark Za. I'm, he so deserves it. Attorney Mark Za, who went to Albany Law School like me and I used to like the guy and then of course he started to publicly attack me when I didn't hate Trump. And he got very upset about that and started, You know, all of his nonsense. Even though I had defended him on Twitter. But he showed that I was wrong. In my defense, he is a partisan hack and he makes his whole business by defending these CIA whistleblowers.


He's gotta have his top security clearance in order to represent them. And he, his whole game now is attacking Trump. He's a complete Trump, Trump derangement syndrome sufferer. He hates Republicans. Why should we allow him access to the nation's secrets? I don't know what's gonna happen to his business now, but good luck, mark. Anyway, Trump's been on a roll that he's doing a lot more and we need it. We need it all. What he did with the Kennedy Senator Board that he, he got rid of all the Kennedy Center or most of the board and made himself chair that all they do is honor left wingers. That's all this thing does. So why he's right, why don't we clean house?


I think he made Rick Grinnell acting director or you gave him an honor. I can't remember. But Rick Grinnell is now gonna be on that board. I love it. It's like all your right wing dreams come true every day. He's still at it. Okay, so we'll get back into that tomorrow and do more substance. Thank you for bearing with me. I do wanna tell you just a couple other fun things of our trip. Doug got to meet Walter Isaacson. That was very cool. Doug's an author. As You know, Walter Isaac Isaacson is one of the best biographers in the land. Very cool guy, I guess. He lives down there in New Orleans and was totally gracious with his time. Very nice to Doug. And I love to see Doug meet somebody he admires 'cause it's a short list for him.


He's, You know, he is, he's got a lot of, a lot of good taste. So thanks a lot Walter. And I guess that's it. We'll do more behind the scenes pictures in our American News Minute newsletter this week. There's a bunch more pictures. There's a huge star that I ran into the hall. I'll post him. And you can get that@megankelly.com. If you go there, you just sign up for our once a week email with all the news of the week, the highlights from the show and behind the scenes photos, which are gonna be really good this week with some more from Trump Landia backstage at the Super Bowl. Thank you guys for listening and we will see you tomorrow with our friends from National Review and more.


Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.