
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, April 8th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. Listen, we've got 50 countries that are burning the phone lines into the White House Up as markets. Yo-yo. In response to President Trump's recently announced tariff strategy. White House officials say dozens of countries are lining up to renegotiate trade deals. We're having direct talks with Iran and they've started, it'll go on Saturday. The Trump administration set to begin direct talks with the Iranian regime over its nuclear ambitions. RFKJ takes media fire amid a deadly measles outbreak, but the reports tend to gloss over one key fact and the Supreme Court weighs in on two cases in favor of the Trump administration.


All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM


Update, The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. And with April 15th fast approaching, it's more aggressive than ever. If you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns, waiting is not an option. April 15th could mark another tax year that has passed you by. So the smart move is to get ahead of it now. But listen, never contact the IRS alone. Instead, you could let the experts at tax network USA handle it for you. Why? Well, not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS, so they know exactly which agents to deal with and which ones to avoid with proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 million tax network USA's, attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists today for free and don't let the IRS control your future. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. That's tn usa.com/megan. April 15th is just around the corner. Act now before the IRS x first,


A big win for the Trump administration at the US Supreme Court, which today lifted the injunction on Trump's deportations of suspected Venezuelan gang members saying the DC Court where they objected to their removal did not have proper jurisdiction. The high court in a five to four decision in which Trump appointed Justice, Amy Coney Barrett, joined with the three liberals in dissent, found that as the Trump administration had conceded, the illegals deserve some measure of due process prior to removal, but that those hearings must be held in so-called habeas proceedings, which means before an immigration judge and in the jurisdiction in which the migrants are detained.


In this case, that's Texas, not Washington, dc. Therefore, judge Bosberg did not have the right to hear this case and his orders trying to stop the deportations and turn those deportation flights around were improper. Bottom line, the Trump administration may continue to summarily remove these suspected gang members under the Alien Enemies Act. Individual hearings on the deportations, if at all, will happen in immigration courts where the detainees are held. Once arrested, the Supreme Court also weighing in on the case of the 29-year-old Salvadorian National, the Department of Justice admits was mistakenly deported to El Salvador.


The high court ruling the government did not have to meet the midnight Tuesday deadline set by a lower court judge to return Kmar Abrego Garcia last week, US District George Paula Zena ordering the government to return Mr. Abrego Garcia. By 11:59 PM on Monday, he was in the US with protection from being removed to only one country. His home of El Salvador after an immigration court earlier found a likelihood of danger to him there. Judge Zenni appointed by President Obama writing in this case as defendants acknowledge they had no legal authority to arrest him, no justification to detain him and no grounds to send him to El Salvador, let alone deliver him into one of the most dangerous prisons in the western hemisphere.


Authorities arrested Mr. Abrego Garcia on March 12th in Baltimore. On the 15th he was deported to El Salvador. He could have been deported elsewhere, just not to El Salvador. Given the removal protection he received, ice officials say Mr. Abrego Garcia was inadvertently included on a flight manifest that should have only included people cleared for deportation to El Salvador. The Trump administration maintains Mr. Abrego Garcia is a gang member. In fact, two immigration courts have found evidence to support that DHS spokeswoman Tricia McLaughlin telling CNN whether he's in El Salvador or a detention facility in the us, he should be locked up.


The Supreme Court's Monday decision does not settle the underlying dispute. Whether Mr. Abrego Garcia has a right to additional due process before he's deported from the us. That battle will play out in the lower courts Monday. Markets swinging wildly throughout the day in response to President Trump's tariff plans. Markets opening to sharp declines, then surging after a false report suggesting Trump would pause his tariffs. The short-lived rally collapsing soon after the White House called the story Fake news, the Dow Jones falling by 349 points, the s and p 500 dropping by 11, both slight drops.


The NASDAQ ending the day with a slight gain of 15 points. Top Trump officials hitting the media circuit over the weekend, preparing viewers for the anticipated Monday market madness, reinforcing the president's tariff strategy. Gotta start to protect ourselves and we've gotta stop having all the countries of the world ripping us off. We have a $1.2 trillion trade deficit and the rest of the world has a surplus with us. They're earning our money. They're taking our money, right? And Donald Trump has seen this and he's gonna stop. It's, the Market will find a bottom, it will be soon. And from there, we're gonna have a bullish boom and the TH's gonna hit 50,000 during Trump's term.


The s and p 500 is gonna have a very broad based recovery and wages are gonna go up, profits are gonna go up and life's gonna be beautiful here in America. Trust in Trump. Everyone wants to look at the, the stock market going down. You know what else went down? Oil prices went down almost 15% in two days, which impacts working Americans much more than the stock market On Monday. Author and historian Victor Davis Hanson, adding perspective to the stock market's bounces on the Megan Kelly show. I was looking at the Dow when it's 37 or 38,000, it's pretty much where, where Biden was in 2023 and over the Biden and Trump.


Eight years, it's gone up a hundred percent. But if you look at wages, and this is what it's all about, even though the productivity over the last 50 years has almost doubled per worker wages only went up 35%. Now, as far as the cycle drama goes, I, I'm you and I are elites and we understand that, but 10% of the country owns 93% of the value of the stock market. 50% are only invested at 1%. So a lot of this paranoia is that these people are not making over a 10 year period what they think they deserve.


President Trump further targeting China on Monday with a post on truth social reading quote. If China does not withdraw, its 34% increase above their already long-term trading abuses by tomorrow, April 8th, the United States will impose additional tariffs on China of 50% effective April 9th if implemented, the new tariffs would bring the total rate on China to 104% later in the day. The president hosting Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu at the White House, Mr. Netanyahu announcing his country would move quickly to eliminate trade barriers between the US and Israel. Israel can serve as a model for many countries who ought to do the thing?


You know, I'm a free trade champion and free trade has to be fair trade. And I think that's basically the position that you have put forward. Mr. President, we are going to eliminate the tariffs and rapidly Agricultural secretary Brooke Rollins telling CNN. More countries are lining up to make new trade deals with the administration. Listen, we've got 50 countries that are burning the phone lines into the White House up and, and probably the president's cell phone as well and probably Howard Lutnick as well. Right now, we're two business days into this new American order. So I think we have a lot to be determined, but the president is resolute in his focus, in his boldness and his fearlessness and in his relentlessness to ensure that we're putting America first by using these tariffs along with deregulation, cutting taxes, energy dominance.


Eric Trump posting on X last week quote, I wouldn't wanna be the last country that tries to negotiate a trade deal with Donald Trump. The first to negotiate will win. The last will absolutely lose. I've seen this movie my entire life while the White House canceled the official press conference with Israeli Prime Minister Netanyahu. President Trump invited the press pool into the oval for an extended q and a session with Mr. Netanyahu, along with high ranking US officials, including Vice President d Vance, secretary of State, Marco Rubio, defense Secretary Pete Hegseth and National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz, president Trump announcing the administration will engage in direct talks with Iran.


We're having direct talks with Iran and they've started, it'll go on Saturday. We have a very big meeting and we'll see what can happen. And I think everybody agrees that doing a deal would be preferable to doing the obvious and the obvious is not something that I want to be involved with or frankly that Israel wants to be involved with if they can avoid it. So we're gonna see if we can avoid it. The Iranian regime declined direct talks on a nuclear deal in late March. What motivated the change of heart? Not yet clear. Iran is the world's largest state sponsor of terrorism. Arming and funding groups like Hezbollah and Hamas, all of which carry out attacks against the US or its allies.


Relatedly, secretary Hegseth providing an update on the US campaign against the Iranian backed Houthis Rebels. It's been a bad three weeks for the Houthis and it's about to get worse. It's been a devastating campaign, whether it's underground facilities, a weapons manufacturing, bunkers, troops in the open air defense assets. We are not gonna relent the Iranians as well. They're, they should not continue to provide support to the Houthis and that message has been made very clear. So we have a lot more options and a lot more pressure to apply Under the Biden administration. The Houthis launched hundreds of attacks on ships traveling through the Red Sea, including US military and merchant vessels.


The threat of the Houthis rerouting thousands of ships around Africa, adding thousands of miles and millions of dollars in fuel costs. The Trump administration in recent weeks launching a wave of attacks against the group, restoring safe passage to the critical corridor, largely relied upon by global trade partners. Coming up RFKJ takes media fire amid a deadly measles outbreak, though reports tend to gloss over. One key fact,


I wanna tell you all about Patriot Mobile, one of the few cell phone service providers that operates on all three of the major networks. If you have cell phone service in this country today, you can get exceptional service with Patriot Mobile. That's why they offer a coverage guarantee that others cannot. You might think switching to Patriot Mobile is painful, but it isn't. No need to spend hours in a retail store waiting your turn. Just call PATRIOT Mobile's 100% US-based team from the comfort of your own home or office, and they will have you activated in minutes. Still locked in a contract, not a problem. PATRIOT Mobile's contract buyout program covers up to 500 bucks per device. Keep your same number, keep your phone, or treat yourself to an upgrade. So consider joining Patriot Mobile today. Support faith, family, and freedom with every call and text you make. Don't wait, do it today. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash megan or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT. Use promo code Megan and get a free month of service. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash megan. Or just call 9 7 2 PATRIOT PATRIOT.


HHS secretary, RFKJ, visiting Southwestern States as part of a Make America healthy again. Tour Axios reporting White House officials urging Secretary Kennedy to take a more public facing role. The tour coinciding with a measles outbreak largely affecting Texas over the weekend. Secretary Kennedy, visiting a Gaines County, Texas Mennonite community suffering the loss of two young children due to complications from measles. A 6-year-old passing away in February and an 8-year-old last week. Secretary Kennedy on Sunday writing on x quote. In early March, I deployed a CDC team to bolster local and state capacity for a response across multiple Texas regions, supply pharmacies and Texas run clinics with needed MMR vaccines and other medicines.


MMR standing for measles, mumps, and rubella. The post goes on to say, quote, the most effective way to prevent the spread of measles is the MMR vaccine. The media immediately seizing on the post as an opportunity to smear RFKJ. A longtime critic of childhood vaccine mandates. Measles outbreak in Texas is growing and a second unvaccinated child has died of the virus health and Human services. Secretary, RFK JR was at the child funeral yesterday and publicly backed the MMR vaccine as the most effective way to prevent the spread of the disease. Of course that is raising the question though. Why did he wait until now to do that? That Was his most direct, direct statement yet as someone who in the past has been a vaccine skeptic, You know, it's amazing that like the, the lead of a lot of our news headlines on this, our top health official says that the MMR vaccine is effective.


I mean, that's just sort of like, that shouldn't be news, but it is news when it's RFK Jr. Saying it Right. I would urge people to look at his statements, which seemed to be on both sides of the coin. He, he did not have a full throated endorsement Missing in those reports. Critical context, members of the Mennonite community are largely unvaccinated for religious reasons and have been long before RFKJ became the head of HHS. Many Mennonite families live in tight-knit rural communities. Vaccine rates are significantly lower in these groups across the board, not just for MMR making outbreaks more likely of the approximately 500 measles cases in Texas.


Gaines County home to a substantial Mennonite population. Accounts for 315 President Trump on Monday hosting the LA Dodgers celebrating the 2024 World Series champions. President Trump praising the team in his remarks, calling team manager Dave Roberts, quote, one of the greatest managers ever to wear the dodger blue Mr. Roberts in 2019 suggesting he would skip a trip to the Trump White House if the Dodgers won the series. Telling the LA Times quote, we have to win it first, but one trip to DC playing the nationals is plenty for me. The Dodgers did not make the series that year.


Mr. Roberts explaining his change of heart to reporters last week. Quote, this is not a political thing. I'm not going to sit up here and make it political. We're looking forward to celebrating our championship. Team Star player Mookie Bets who skipped a Trump White House meeting in 2019 as a Red Sox player. Also in attendance, Mr. Trump making a special shoutout, Including superstars, Mookie bets. Is he good? Good looking. Mookie Mookie. That guy can play, can't he? I mean, unbelievable.


You really, Mookie is, I've been watching it. I don't want to say I watched him when he was on Boston, But I did. I didn't think, I didn't think that was a particularly good trait when they made it. And I happened to be right. The only player not in attendance first baseman Freddie Freeman absent due to an ankle sprain. And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph Channel one eleven@noeaonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.


Under Biden American's, cost of Living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.