
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Thursday, May 8th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. It was a hard decision, but Regrets there? No, I, I think it was the right decision. Former President Biden hitting the interview circuit this week, reflecting on his term in office and offering thoughts on the current administration. Hint, he's against it. The Russians are asking for a certain set of requirements. We think they're asking for too much. Vice President JD Vance, speaking candidly about how Russians are holding up peace negotiations. The Wall Street Journal reports the US is ramping up its spying efforts on Greenland, a surgeon General Switcheroo, and a new poll shows Californians believe Governor Gavin Newsom is more focused on national ambitions than he is on running their state.


All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


If you haven't heard about Riverbend Ranch, listen up. They have just introduced their Riverbend Ranch steaks to the marketplace, and you need to try them. Riverbend Ranch raises their own beef on beautiful mountain meadows, only a few miles from West Yellowstone. Unlike most ranches, Riverbend Ranch never uses growth hormones or antibiotics. They treat their animals humanely and with respect. There are advantages of buying directly from the ranch. They can track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. Riverbend Ranch has its own state-of-the-art processing facility on the ranch that has received several national awards as one of the best in the us, but most importantly is the quality of the beef. They age their beef to perfection for 21 days. You simply cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store. You cannot ship directly from the ranch to your home. You get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from Riverbend Ranch dot com and use promo code Megan to get $20 off your first order. That's Riverbend Ranch dot com code, Megan, and be prepared once you taste it. I think you're gonna be coming back for more and more. Again, Riverbend Ranch dot com code Megan.


Later today, president Biden said to appear on ABC's the View, along with Dr. Jill Biden, now a private citizen. Mr. Biden, embracing a more open relationship with the press, appearing for two interviews this week alone, including a Wednesday. Sit down with the BBC. The former president asked about the timing of his withdrawal from the 2024 race. Should You have withdrawn earlier given someone else a bigger Child? I, I don't, I don't think it would've mattered. We left at a time when we were, we had a good candidate. She was fully funded, and what happened was I had become what, what we had set out to do.


No one thought we could do, and I become so successful in our, our agenda was hard to say. Now I'm gonna stop now. It was a hard decision, but Regrets though. No, I, I think it was the right decision, But you shouldn't have taken it earlier. Well, I don't, I don't, I don't think so. I mean, I don't know how that would've made much difference. A November report from the New York Post revealing the Biden team's internal polling at the time he dropped out, showed then candidate Trump on track to win 400 electoral votes in a would-be landslide loss for Mr. Biden. President Biden's decision to exit the race on July 21st, triggering a $200 million fundraising surge for the Harris campaign in just one week.


Eventually ballooning into a $2 billion war chest with just 106 days to build a full presidential campaign. Ms. Harris drawing support from celebrity heavyweights like Oprah, Beyonce, Taylor Swift, and the Obamas among dozens of others. Despite the star studded backing an unprecedented fundraising, Ms. Harris became the first democratic nominee in two decades to lose both the popular and the electoral vote. President Biden also criticizing the Trump administration's effort to negotiate an end to Russia's war on Ukraine. President Trump is now saying, look, if you want peace, Ukraine is gonna have to give up some territory. Some people think that is common sense to say that.


Do you think it's not common sense? It's perhaps modern day appeasement. It is modern day appeasement and anybody thinks he's gonna stop. It's just foolish. I I I just don't understand how people think that if we allow a dictator, a thug to decide he's going to take significant portions of land that aren't his and that's gonna satisfy him. Russian troops began amassing forces along the Ukraine border in spring of 2021. In the months leading up to the full scale invasion, the Biden administration pursuing a series of diplomatic efforts to avert war, including a December, 2021 virtual summit between President Biden and Russian President Vladimir Putin.


The Biden White House warning of severe economic consequences should Russia proceed. But in January, 2022, president Biden seemed to telegraph a green light to Mr. Putin during a press conference. With this infamous remark, Russia will be held accountable if it invades, and it depends on what it does. It's one thing if it's a minor incursion and then we end up having a fight about what to do and not do, et cetera. But if they actually do what they're capable of doing with the force amast on the border, it is going to be a disaster for Russia. The invasion began about a month later throughout his presidency, Mr. Biden maintained a policy of isolating Russia on the world stage.


The Trump administration accusing the Biden team of fueling a prolonged and aimless conflict funding what they call a perpetual meat grinder with no clear path to victory. Vice President JD Vance on Wednesday at the Munich Security Conference in DC providing an update on peace negotiations following months of back and forth, the VP revealing the Russians are now asking for too much to end this war. I think that's what President Trump has been very deliberate about, is actually forcing the Russians to say, here is what we would like in order to end the conflict is right now the Russians are asking for a certain set of requirements, a certain set of concessions in order to end the conflict.


We think they're asking for too much. Okay, and then obviously the Ukrainians matter a lot. They're the other SA side. They're the other party, at least to the direct conflict. And we have to ask, what is the Ukrainian, what do they, what, what do they need in order to bring this conflict to a successful completion? And we're gonna continue to have that conversation. US officials devoting tremendous amounts of time and resources toward bringing the war to an end. President Trump recently saying Both sides are closer than ever to a settlement. Mr. Vance saying the next step is direct engagement between the two. I mentioned the Russians, but also the Ukrainians have also been sort of, they, they've, they've put a piece of paper in our hands that says, this is what we would need in order to bring this conflict to a successful resolution from our perspective.


And there's a big gulf predictably between where the Russians and the Ukrainians are, and we think the next step in the negotiation is to try to close that gulf. We think it's probably impossible for us to mediate this entirely without at least some direct negotiation between the two. The Vice President expressing frustration with both sides for focusing on historical grievances rather than looking forward to how a deal could be reached on the economic front. This weekend, treasury Secretary Scott Besson and US trade representative Jameson Greer, set to meet with Chinese officials in Switzerland for the first time kicking off trade negotiations. Vice President Vance, setting the tone ahead of the meeting. We find ourselves in a very precarious place.


And when I say we, I mean the entire west, I mean the NATO alliance, I mean the United States and Europe. We find ourselves more and more reliant on countries that may not have our best interests at heart. And even if they're halfway decent trading partners, it's still a little bit risky to put all of your eggs in one proverbial basket economically. And what the president has said is, we must rebalance the global economy vis-a-vis China. Mr. Vance going on to say the old ways of doing business with the US are over. On Tuesday, President Trump announcing the conclusion of his successful military campaign against the Houthis Rebel Group in Yemen. The campaign waged under defense Secretary Hegseth in response to months of sustained Houthis attacks on international vessels operating in the Red Sea, an important shipping route connecting the Mediterranean Sea to the Indian Ocean Secretary of State, Marco Rubio saying The Houthis launched dozens of attacks against US military ships as well as commercial vessels.


While the Biden administration had favored limited case by case responses, the Trump administration launching a sustained offensive wave after wave of strikes, killing hundreds and significantly degrading Houthis military capabilities. President Trump telling reporters from the oval, the Houthis have had enough, The Houthis have announced that they are not, or they've been announced to us At least, that they don't want to fight anymore. They just don't want to fight. We will honor that and we will stop the bombings and they have capitulated, but more importantly, they, we will take their word. They say they will not be blowing up ships anymore.


I think that's very, very positive. They were, they were knocking out a lot of ships going, as you know, sailing beautifully down the various seas. It it wasn't just a canal, it was out of other places. And I will accept their word and we are going to stop the bombing of the Houthis effective immediately Under the terms of the agreement. Both sides agree to halt attacks against one another. Special envoy, Steve Whitcoff, who's turning out to be the Waldo of this administration. He's everywhere led negotiations for the US with assistance from the Omani Foreign Ministry coming up the Wall Street Journal reporting anonymous sources, say the US is ramping up its spy efforts against Greenland.


And a new poll shows most California voters believe Governor Gavin Newsom is more focused on his national ambitions than the problems at home. Also, big news about Mr. Trump's chosen surgeon General


Tax Day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or still owe back taxes, the IRS is ramping up enforcement and every day you wait might make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, you don't wanna mess around. Okay? The good news is there's still time for tax Network USA to help self-employed or a business owner, even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free, and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/ Megan. You may have missed April 15th, but you haven't run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move.


A big and important switcheroo on the Surgeon General nomination, President Trump announcing on truth social that he is replacing his nominee. Jeanette Nashua with a star of the Maha movement. Dr. Casey means Nashua, the sister-in-law of now ousted National Security Advisor. Mike Waltz had an odd background for this position, a graduate of a Caribbean medical school who ran City md. Nashua was a big proponent during the pandemic of masking children and of getting kids under the age of 12 Vaxxed all while she downplayed the risk of myocarditis in kids who get the vaccine. In October, 2021, she said the risks for kids getting the covid jab are extremely low.


Around that same time, she called for more masking just as Dr. Marty McCarey of Johns Hopkins. Now, Mr. Trump's FDA chair was writing an op-ed in the Wall Street Journal arguing against masking children. Point being, it took her a very long time to see the truth on some very controversial covid measures. Mr. Trump not addressing the switch directly, but celebrating his nomination of Dr. Casey means to the surgeon General role saying she has impeccable Maha credentials. Dr means whose brother Callie is helping. RFKJ revamp. HHS is a graduate of Stanford undergrad and Stanford Med School. She went on to become a surgeon who in her fifth year of residency, left the program after realizing the medical industry was not about preventing illness, but instead treats problems caused by chronic diseases that doctors erroneously accept as inevitable Did five years of head and neck surgery training.


And at the end of that training, before launching out into being a, you know, private practice or academic attending physician, I, I looked around me at what was happening in American health more broadly and realize that even though you know, I'm working hard in my lane as an ear, nose, and throat surgeon more broadly, American health is just getting destroyed. It's getting destroyed. Chronic illness is exploding across the lifespan, and that's not something that I really learned about in medical school at the best institutions in America, the hospitals, the medical schools. We're not talking about why. We're talking about how to medicate these conditions. We're talking about how to operate more on these conditions.


Mr. Trump says Dr. Nashawa will work in some other capacity at HHS, the Wall Street Journal reporting two anonymous sources, say the US is ordering intel agencies to step up the spying on Greenland. The Trump administration eyeing the icy Arctic island for its strategic importance as northern ice melts key shipping lanes open up slashing travel time military competitors, China and Russia ramping up their Arctic influence in recent years. Greenland is also home to vast mineral deposits and oil reserves, a semi-autonomous territory of the kingdom of Denmark. Both local and Danish officials express strong opposition to US acquisition despite resistance on Sunday, President Trump again declining to rule out military force to take the island.


I don't rule it out. I don't say I'm gonna do it, but I don't rule out anything. No, not there. We need Greenland very badly. Greenland is a very small amount of people, which we'll take care of and we'll cherish them and all of that, but we need that for international security. The Wall Street Journal reporting based on anonymous sources, quote, several high ranking officials under Director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard issued a collection emphasis message to intelligence agency heads last week, they were directed to learn more about Greenland's independence movement and attitudes on American resource extraction on the island. Agents reportedly instructed to identify people in Greenland and Denmark supporting US objectives for the island Director Gabbard responding to this report, the Wall Street Journal should be ashamed of aiding deep state actors who seek to undermine the President by politicizing and leaking classified information.


They're breaking the law and undermining our nation's security and democracy. The Trump administration undertaking a broad effort to crack down on leakers across federal agencies, director GA's office, referring at least three alleged leakers in other cases to the DOJ in recent weeks. Ms. Gabbard confirming to the Megan Kelly show last week, her office is investigating at least 11 more cases, some of which may be referred to the DOJ. We can safely assume that numbers now at at least 12 a new LA Times and uc, Berkeley poll finding 54% of registered California voters think Democrat Governor Gavin Newsom is more interested in boosting his presidential prospects than he is in governing his state.


Just 26% say the opposite poll director Mark de Camillo saying people kind of look at him as being very ambitious. Governor Newsom insisting last week to next up host Mark Halperin, that he's not yet made any decisions on 2028. I might, I don't know, but I have to have a burning why, and I have to have a compelling vision that distinguishes myself from anybody else without that, without both. And I, I don't deserve to even be in, in the conversation. But I am someone that's trying. I'm, I'm trying to pursue the unknown. I'm interested. I'm open to argument. I want to engage folks and I want to learn. I want to iterate. I have an entrepreneurial mindset, and to the extent that brings me in the political conversation, I'm blessed by that and the extent it helps me leverage my day job as government, all the better.


The poll showing California voters are sharply divided over Mr. Newsom, based on their party id 70% of Democrats approve of his performance. Just 11% of Republicans say the same. And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Trium, channel one eleven@eastonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.


Under Biden American's, cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.