
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Thursday, April 3rd, 2025, and this is your AM Update. I think we'll accomplish most of the work required to reduce the deficit by a trillion dollars within that timeframe. A new Politico report claims Elon Musk is stepping back from his Doge role, but is it really news or just repackaged public info? We will charge them approximately half of what they are and have been charging us. President Trump unveils his terror strategy. X Biden officials revealing dramatic behind the scenes details from the final days of the former president's campaign and RFK J'S top advisor faces a crowd of angry lobbyists and how defending his boss's vision for making America healthy again.


All that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM


Update, I wanna tell you all about Patriot Mobile, one of the few cell phone service providers that operates on all three of the major networks. If you have cell phone service in this country today, you can get exceptional service with Patriot Mobile. That's why they offer a coverage guarantee that others cannot. You might think switching to Patriot Mobile is painful, but it isn't. No need to spend hours in a retail store waiting your turn. Just call PATRIOT Mobile's 100% US-based team from the comfort of your own home or office, and they will have you activated in minutes. Still locked in a contract, not a problem. PATRIOT Mobile's contract buyout program covers up to 500 bucks per device. Keep your same number, keep your phone, or treat yourself to an upgrade. So consider joining Patriot Mobile today. Support faith, family, and freedom with every call and text you make. Don't wait. Do it today. Go to Patriot Mobile dot com slash megan or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT. Use promo code Megan and get a free month of service. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash megan. Or just call 9 7 2 PATRIOT


Elon Musk, obsessed media playing up a supposed scoop yesterday afternoon. Politico fueling speculation about Musk's role in the Trump administration despite his long scheduled exit publishing. A headline reading Trump tells Inner Circle that Musk will leave soon. The article describing Mr. Musk stepping back as a recent decision, press secretary Caroline Levitt responding to the claims on X writing. Quote, this scoop is garbage. Elon Musk and President Trump have both publicly stated that Elon will depart from public service as a special government employee when his incredible work at Doge is complete. Elon Musk responding to the post quote, yeah, fake news. The article coming on the heels of a high profile election loss in Wisconsin for the Republicans.


Mr. Musk and his affiliated groups reportedly contributing more than $20 million in an attempt to flip the state Supreme Court there. Conservative, ultimately losing by 10 points on Wednesday, media reveling in the loss and blaming Elon. What a massive loss it was for Elon Musk, Wisconsin clearly said, we are not for sale. If you are a Republican candidate running in a swing state, you don't want Elon Musk anywhere near you. Yes, maybe you like the money, but you do not want his presence in your state. You know what? Donald Trump likes winners. And You know what Elon Musk was on Tuesday night? A loser Political describing Mr. Musk's plans to go as a recent decision by President Trump.


However, Mr. Musk's status as a special government employee has a 130 day term limit reporting that indicates Mr. Musk will be stepping back in the next few weeks, supports the timeline of that 130 days, which would expire on May 30th, last Thursday. Fox News asking Elon about this very thing. You technically are a special government employee and you're supposed to be 130 days. Are you going to continue past that or do you think that's the what you're gonna do or? Well, I, I think we'll accomplished most of the work required to reduce the deficit by a trillion dollars within that timeframe. So in that timeframe, 130 days?


Yes. And, and the process is a report at some point, at a hundred days or Not really a report? We, we are cutting the waste in fraud in real time. So every day like that passes. Our goal is to reduce the, the waste in fraud by $4 billion a day every day, seven days a week. And so far we are succeeding. The Doge website says it has cut 140 billion in contracts and grants so far. Earlier this week, president Trump offering public support for Mr. Musk, Elon Musk's special government tenure is coming to an end 130 days, I think another month. Do you want him to stay longer or is it time for him to go back to running his companies in your Well, I think he's in amazing, But I also think he's got a big company to run.


And so at some point he's gonna be going back. He wants to, but you wanna keep him around, but, oh, I'd keep him as long as I could keep him. He's a very talented guy. The Doge Commission is set to conclude operations on July 4th, 2026. Even after Mr. Musk's special government employee status ends political reporting, a senior administration official says Mr. Musk is likely to retain an informal role, continuing to be an occasional face around the White House grounds. President Trump on Wednesday unveiling his global tariff policy in a rose garden speech, billed as both Liberation Day and make America wealthy again.


After weeks of teasing reciprocal tariffs, the President announcing a scaled back plan, We will charge them approximately half of what they are and have been charging us. So the tariffs will be not a full reciprocal, it's our turn to prosper. And in so doing used trillions and trillions of dollars to reduce our taxes and pay down our national debt, and it'll all happen very quickly. The US will impose a baseline of 10% tariffs on all imports with no exceptions. The worst offenders identified by the President's Council of Economic Advisors slap with a rate equivalent to half of what they charge the US China, for example, now facing an additional 34% tariff in return for the 67% duty it imposes on American goods.


This brings the total Chinese tariff rate to 54%. President Trump also imposing a 25% tariff on all foreign made automobiles. A decision applauded by the United Auto Workers Union. Mr. Trump sharing the podium with UAW member Brian Becker. I have watched my entire life. I have watched plant after plant after plant in Detroit and in the metro Detroit area. Close. There are now plants sitting idle. There are now plants that are underutilized and Donald Trump's policies are gonna bring product back into those underutilized plants. There's gonna be new investment, there's gonna be new plants built, and the UAW members and I brought 20 of them with me, they're sitting right over here.


We support Donald Trump's policies on tariffs. 100% Markets taking a slight hit in the after hours trading with the biggest losses coming from car companies and smaller businesses that rely on foreign parts and materials coming up. Former Biden officials reveal stunning details from inside the final days of the former president's campaign and RFK J'S top advisor faces a crowd of angry lobbyists and defends his boss's vision for making America healthy again.


There's a lot of talk about government debt, but after four years of inflation, another real crisis is personal debt. Some people are working harder than ever and still drowning in credit card debt and overdue bills. But there's Done with Debt now. Done with Debt has unique escape strategies to help end your debt fast so you can keep more of your hard earned money. Done with Debt does not try to sell you a loan or bankruptcy. Their tough negotiators will go one-on-one with your credit card and loan companies with one goal to drastically reduce your bills, eliminate interest and erase penalties. Most clients wind up with more money in their pocket, month one, and they don't stop until they break you free from debt permanently. Take a few minutes and visit Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their debt strategists for free, but listen up. Some of their solutions are time sensitive, so you gotta move quickly. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Former friends, staffers, and advisors to President Joe Biden dishing to authors about the final tumultuous days of his campaign in the coming weeks. No fewer than four books will hit the shelves outlining the collapse of the Biden campaign and the Harris team scramble to fill the void. Reporter Chris Whipple, lifting the curtain on Biden Debate Prep with former chief of staff to Joe Biden, Ron Klain in a book titled Uncharted, how Trump Beat Biden Harris and the Odds in the wildest campaign in history. In the lead up to the Biden Trump debate speculation swirling about Mr. Biden's mental acuity. Four months earlier, special counsel Robert Hur releasing a report on President Biden's handling of classified documents, describing him as quote, a sympathetic well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory.


And that was the reason he chose not to prosecute him. Mr. Biden was increasingly seen relying on note cards for basic talking points and requiring heavy assistance from handlers. Democratic officials told us all behind the scenes. He was like a machine. I talked to President Biden, You know regularly, his mental acuity is great, it's fine, it's as good as it's been over the years I've been speaking to him for 30 years. So Joe Biden has vision, he has knowledge, he has a strategic thinker. This is a very sharp president. The most difficult part about a meeting with President Biden is preparing for it because he is sharp, intensely probing and detail oriented and focused.


Mr. Klein, who resigned from his White House role to run debate preparations telling Mr. Whipple that in private President Biden was fatigued, befuddled and disengaged. Klain worried the debate was going to be a disaster. Team Biden preparing two mock debates in advance of the big night. Mr. Whipple reporting the first was scheduled to last 90 minutes, but claim called it off after 45. The president's voice was shot and so was his grasp of the subject. Klain tells Whipple that Mr. Biden seemed out of touch with American politics and that Klain wondered if Mr. Biden at one point thought he was president of nato, not the United States.


The second prep session called off after just 25 minutes. President Biden reportedly saying quote, I'm just too tired to continue and I'm afraid of losing my voice here, and I feel bad. I just need some sleep. I'll be fine. Tomorrow I June 27th, Mr. Klein's fears coming true on national television, And I'm going to continue to move until we get the total ban on the, the, the, the, the total initiative relative to what we're gonna do with more border patrol and more asylum officers. President Trump. I really don't know what he said at the end of this sentence. I don't think he knows what he said either. Look, Less than one month later, president Biden announcing he would not seek reelection, we will keep bringing you the latest reporting, which of course is more than a year late.


Top advisor to RFKJ. Callie means on Wednesday, taking the hot seat in front of a hostile audience at Politico's Healthcare Summit. The panel coming just one week after Secretary Kennedy announcing a significant restructuring of the Health and Human Services Department, the plan, reducing the HHS workforce by 10,000 and consolidating 28 divisions into 15 critics of the administration. Not pleased. I don't know how you cut nearly a fifth of the workforce and say you're not gonna harm patients, harm Americans who require good health. It's, it's just hard to believe This will have a devastating impact on the health and wellbeing of Americans.


People in this country will needlessly get sick and die as a result of these cuts. Journalist Dasha Burns questioning Mr means on the rationale behind the cuts. The NIH whose goal is to promote American health has overseen a devastation, just an objective devastation in American health over the past 20 years with disease rates skyrocketing America, leading the world of ev ev almost every single chronic disease crisis. And does how, how does cutting a bunch of HHS it solve that properly? It is insane. It is insane. It is insane for you to insinuate that the thing standing between us and better health is more government bureaucrats like that is the, that's not what saying that, that's not what I'm in speaking that is everyone's saying, is that funny not true? Is that not, is that not true?


Has there been one single chronic disease medication in modern American history that's lowered rates of the chronic disease? MR means responding forcefully to heckler's in the crowd, many of whom he identified as lobbyists from the food and healthcare industries. According to the CDC six, in 10 adults have at least one chronic disease. Four in 10 have two or more chronic disease accounting for seven of 10 of the top causes of death in the United States. And despite spending more money than any other country on earth on healthcare, the US has a lower life expectancy than its European counterparts. Mr means saying the cuts to HHS are focused on streamlining the ability of scientists to conduct research.


The administration has put out guidance that they want to direct and cut indirect funding that fundamentally means more money is going to researchers. The guidance, the guidance that Bobby Kennedy and the Trump administration put out means more money is going to frontline researchers to do research. There is a very clear signal demonstrably with what is happening, which is that government bureaucrats are being disempowered and more money is going to actual researchers. They are hissing, they are hissing about changes to a system that has caused absolute devastation to American health. Direct funding covers the core of scientific research.


It pays for lab equipment, study materials, data collection, and the salaries of scientists and researchers doing the work. Indirect funding covers everything from office janitorial services to university overhead admin salaries, and even facility fees that seemingly have nothing to do with the research itself. RFKJ aiming to steer HHS in a direction focused on understanding and eliminating chronic disease, not simply managing symptoms in the cross hairs, ultra processed foods. These food items containing little to no food. They're made up largely of chemicals and preservatives that maximize shelf life and prioritize convenience.


Product offerings are typically cheaper than fresh organic grocery store food, making them more appealing to low-income Americans and argument often exploited by the food companies themselves. Mr means firmly rejecting the argument. How are you planning to bring down the cost of being healthier in America? Yeah. One thing Bobby Kennedy's not gonna do is entertain comments from food entry lobbyists using food prices as an excuse to continue poisoning. Children know a lot of you guys are doing that, and I I I think if you really back up, that's an evil argument. That's the only argument the food industry's making right now. They're trying to hold a gun on food prices to literally not even dispute the premise that Americans are being poisoned. We have 10,000 chemicals in our food that are not allowed in any other country.


MR Means going on to say, food companies often manufacture two versions of the same product, one made with synthetic additives for the American market, and another made with natural ingredients packaged and sold overseas. What's easy enough to make for the Europeans should be easy enough to make for Americans. That'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the me Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one eleven@newonyoutube.com slash Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms. Under Biden American's, cost of Living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason.


Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.