
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. My god do we have a lot to get to today We begin with some legal news that's making major, major waves overnight. Actually, before we get to that, you should know that there's even bigger news and that is that Hunter Biden has now agreed to change his plea to guilty in these, in this text charges case against him in order to avoid trial. So that is big. He was about to go to trial, you know, this case out in Los Angeles on some of these tax evasion charges that, I mean, honestly, they were just a, a light pathetic version of what ought to be brought against him.


But it's all that was left under the statute of limitations. And it only was brought because those whistleblowers came forward. And the US attorney in this case, who was actually wound up being special counsel, was forced to try the case after the judge caught him trying to give Hunter an enormous sweetheart plea deal. And so they were forced to go forward. And finally, now Hunter caved at the last minute. I'm sure he'll be getting a pardon from daddy. I realized Joe Biden says he won't. We'll see, we'll see. Okay, back to the other news. Can I just start, let, lemme just start with this, okay. We knew yesterday that the DOJ was gonna be making some sort of an announcement about Russian influence in this election.


And we talked about that. We talked about how Russia has been a stalking horse for Democrats for some time when it comes to, this is why we lost the 2016 election. And this is what Trump did in order to get ahead and Russia, Russia, Russia. And indeed they do love to wave this flag as an excuse for virtually everything. Well, the DOJ, we knew it was coming out yesterday with a major announcement and when we closed the show yesterday, we said we'll cover it for you and our guest tomorrow will be Dave Rubin. Well, imagine our surprise when later that day the DOJ announced that its case is not against Dave Rubin. Maybe I need to be perfectly clear about that. Nor is he accused of doing anything criminal or wrong.


He, in fact, is one of the victims of this scheme that the DOJ alleged in great detail yesterday. He, Tim Pool, Benny Johnson, and other conservative media personalities, you likely know well, they've all been swept up in this Department of Justice indictment announced last night, not against them, but against two Russians, a male and a female for their involvement in creating an independent media company that used the podcast feeds and services of these big names in order to amplify their own channel called Tenant Media.


And the whole thing turned out to be covertly funded by Russian Media Organization. RT so alleges the Department of Justice. It's a complicated case that is unsurprisingly not being covered honestly so far by the corporate pressor. I'm just gonna lay it out for you quickly, relatively quickly. Okay, so here's the deal. The, the deal OJ is alleging that these two Russians who worked for rt, I mean that does matter, but it's really the fact that they're in Russia and they're Russian and they're pushing Russian interests. What they did was they called their friend Lauren Chen. Now she is a Canadian citizen who's living and working in America, I believe living here too, but definitely working in America for among others, the Blaze.


And she's a relatively well known conservative personality online. I will say she's a troll. I I unfollowed her a while ago because it was obvious this is not a person worth listening to on X. So they, they contacted Lauren Chen because unbeknownst to me, she had worked for RT for a year as a commentator apparently on the air, but at least writing articles for them. So openly affiliating with this channel. Now it's not that rt Yeah, it's definitely state run media. It is with Russia. I mean, good, good luck finding them, doing anything critical of Vladimir Putin.


Trust me, they, they try to get more and more influence in the United States. They've had people reach out to me many times to try to get me to do something. It's a no, okay? They know that by this point, but in this case, they did reach out to Lauren, according to this indictment and said, help us form a new independent media company and help us find influencers who will work for it. And according to the indictment she did, she and her husband both did that and recruited guys like Dave and Tim Poole and Benny and three others I never heard of. And she, according to the indictment, knew that the Russians would be funding this and editing content.


But the influencers, the, the conservative podcasters did not. And that's according to the indictment. That's why none of them has been indicted. The the Feds are saying Reuben Pool Benning. They didn't know, they were not told in fact they were given misinformation by Lauren because they allege she knew they would never do this if they understood it was being funded by the Russians. She told them that it was all being funded by some French businessman Edward Gregorian. And the indictment alleges that both Tim and Dave, I don't know about the others, tried to kick the tires a bit. Obviously not enough on who this is, who's Edward Gregorian.


And they wanted to see like a profile of the guy. All that was forwarded was a LinkedIn, which appears obviously to have been fake. And then Dave Rubin is according to the indictment, the guy who pushed more and said like, this isn't enough. And then they created this whole fake profile of this guy Edward Gregorian. That's like pretty fancy. I'm holding it up for the listening audience. And you can see frankly it looks a little obviously stock picture at the top of some vaguely attractive man looking out a window of a private jet. And then it's got all sorts of fawning descriptions about the guy. And Dave apparently did push back even after that saying, I'm not sure about this guy.


It says he's into social justice. Why is he looking for me? Anyway, there was some pushback, but here's the bottom line. They were offering eye popping sums to these influencers and they took the deal according to the indictment, Dave was offered some number and he went back and said, I'm not getting involved with this. And he didn't do anything really extraordinary for them. He was doing something like viral videos and aren't they funny ha ha ha for a few months. But for that they were willing to pay him $400,000 a month every month for a year plus a signing bonus plus another bonus.


So we're talking about, you know, between five and $6 million for one year. And Tim Pool reportedly, well according to the indictment, was charging $100,000 per video per per week. He would post something I guess once a week, which would be in a similar ballpark. I will tell you in the podcast world, those are jaw dropping sums and I'm sure people will make the argument. They should have known my friend Jim Garrity is making that argument right now over at National Review. And others will make that same argument. But I can tell you personally that I've known Dave for a long time and there is zero chance that he knew anything about this.


I, we had a conversation a year ago. He and I, and I can disclose this in which he mentioned this in passing, this wasn't like our main point, but he mentioned this and he told me, I, I said, who's funding this? And he said, it's a French businessman. And Dave would have no reason to lie to me that he said that explicitly not for nothing. But the conversation went on and I will tell you that I told him not to do it. And that was not necessarily 'cause I knew anything about the funding, we didn't get into that more than him saying it was his French guy. But I don't have good feelings about this Lauren Chen and I was right. And I'm sorry that Dave got swept up in this and I'm sorry Tim did.


I don't know Benny, but you know, I do think these guys are right that they were the victims in this scheme. And sure you can say they should have known. I get it. But you guys know I did that fraud series over our, my June vacation and I too was almost defrauded. It was a totally different scheme. It was, it was like some guy trying to convince us that my mother-in-law trying to convince her that her daughter had been in a car accident, pay money and all that. You should check the episode out. It's actually really good. But I understand it's very easy with 2020 hindsight to say they should have known. Anyway, the question now is what does this indictment mean? Because they claim that there's a wider reach than just this podcast network.


And they also don't say that Lauren and her husband Liam Donovan, not to be confused with Liam Donovan, who's very prolific on Twitter, who's all out there saying that it's not me, it's different Liam Donovan, what about them? They are not indicted per this document, though. That doesn't mean it hasn't happened in secret and that they've potentially turned against these two Russians and are cooperating with them. But I will tell you when you read this indictment for sure, these two Russians seem like the villains and Lauren and her husband do not come off much better. We'll see what their defense is so far they've said nothing.


And I'll get more into detail on what the podcasters are saying in their own defense in one second. Okay, joining me now to discuss joining Joel Pollak. He's author of the new book, The Agenda, what Trump should Do in his first 100 days. And Dave Aronberg, state attorney for Palm Beach County, Florida and host of True Crime MTN on YouTube.


I have to tell you about the Daily Wires documentary. It's amazing. That is exposing the left's precious DEI industry. It is called am I Racist. And it hits theaters like real theaters nationwide on September 13th go. And honestly, I'm gonna go and I'm gonna bring my kids. I think my kids will laugh and learn. This is from the same team that brought you what is a woman. And this film proves that the only way to take DEI seriously is to laugh it into oblivion. Matt Walsh goes deep undercover man bun and all in the twisted world of diversity training and the results are as hilarious as they are. Shocking. Here's the deal, let's pack these theaters. This is more than just entertainment. It's a counter punch to Hollywood's woke propaganda. Every ticket sold is a blow to the left's ridiculous narrative around race. The more tickets sold, the more theaters will show it. That's how it works. Go to I Racist dot com and get your tickets right now. Bring your friends, your family, even bring a liberal. They might learn something, they might realize that they're actually on our side. Let's show conservatives can dominate the box office and make opening weekend a huge success. Don't sit this one out, I promise you, you are gonna laugh, you're gonna learn, you're gonna be horrified, and you're be glad they made this movie. Head to I Racist dot com and get your tickets now.


Joel, Dave, welcome back to the show. So Dave, you're an actual criminal prosecutor in Palm Beach. So I'll ask you first, what do you make of my summary of these allegations and how troubling do you find them Troubling? And I think you're spot on Megan, especially when you're talking about Lauren Chen. You know, Lauren Chen was pretty normal for a while and then she started taking money from Russia apparently around 2021. And then all of a sudden she started complaining about the influence of Jews in political life and apac and how they were controlling The Agenda, what sounds like projecting to me, right? The whole dual loyalty thing. All of a sudden she started being one of the more prominent anti-Semites on social media.


So I have no sympathy for her and hopefully she'll be held accountable in all this. And you're right to call her out. As far as the others, you know, I i I worry about like with Tim Poole for example, he was issuing broad sides against Ukraine saying Ukraine was the biggest enemy of the United States. You're wondering where did this come from? Well, you have to wonder, you know, was he a useful idiot for Russia? I I they, the government said he wasn't a Russian agent, they didn't indict him for anything, but they're sort of accusing him being useful idiots where they are promoting Russian propaganda. Now all of a sudden I've seen social media where he's backing down from that and saying, well, you know, I, I've switched on Ukraine, I don't know if that's real or not, but it's really suspicious and I'm glad the government's doing this and that they were unafraid to do this, this close to the election.


I'm actually a little surprised 'cause Merrick Garland is not known for his courage. He's known for his timidity. And here we are with this. And for those who think this is political, they could have indicted people perhaps if they really wanted to get political. They did not. You are correct Megan, how you phrase this. So it's, it's an important issue. It is troubling and we should all be talking about it today as you are. But before I get Joel's reaction to that, Dave, is it, it's very odd that Lauren and her husband are not named as, you know, to of the targets, to the indicted defendants. So, and there's no way the government doesn't think it has the ability to do that against them. If you read the indictment, they're, they're really among the, the top villains and they make very clear that they believe Lauren and her husband, they had, they have 'em dead rights.


They believe on knowing this was Russian money and that they were acting as agents of Russia and that they were hiding it from the podcasters. So you tell me as a da, what do you think is happening behind the scenes here? Because those are like the only two who haven't issued a statement, Right? Well that is telling, that could mean they're cooperating or in discussions to cooperate. I don't know if they've been issued a target letter. The feds keep things close to, Could they have been indicted? Could they already have been indicted secretly and cut a deal to work with the feds? They could have cut a deal. I think that a secret indictment is unlikely. I I think that they could have cut a deal. Yes, the feds are uniquely private about these things.


This is something that we're different at the state level. We're public about everything. The feds do work in secret. But you have to wonder why would they do a secret indictment? They would go ahead and they would indict or they would be talking to them, issuing them a target letter and then negotiating with them. Perhaps they have flipped already because it is very conspicuous by her silence. So you don't need to indict them is your point to get them to cooperate. The, the, the DOJ, the FBI shows up and says, you're gonna be indicted and here's all the evidence we have against you. And clearly they've been monitoring their emails and their communications for months now it's like they know where this is leading and most people would probably cut a deal because they'd be terrified.


Yeah, exactly. You know, the feds usually get their person because unlike the state, they've got really draconian penalties, unlimited resources, limited discovery for defendants and that's why they win about 98% of their cases. And unless your name is Mark Cuban, you're likely going down. So it's probably good to cooperate early on. Okay Joel, so what do you make of everything we've just discussed? Because I'll just say there's one thing the, I know Dave is saying that like Tim, Tim Poole was chilling on on Ukraine. You and I both know that in the conservative sphere in particular being against our involvement, our support of Ukraine is not that controversial position. Oh shoot.


You know, we're, we're having trouble with, with Joel. Alright, I'm gonna keep it on you then Dave, while we restore Joel's connection. So it's not that unusual, right? There are a lot of people who are not shills for Russia who think we shouldn't have anything to do with Ukraine. The Republican party in general is becoming more isolationist under Trump and you don't have to think, think much of Russia at all to have that position. And here's as far as the indictment goes, the it reads in paragraph two, while the views expressed in the videos are not uniform, the subject matter and content of the videos are often consistent with the government of Russia's interest in amplifying US domestic divisions in order to weaken US opposition to core government of Russia interest, government of Russia interests such as its ongoing war in Ukraine.


I mean that is quite a thin read, Dave. They're not uniform. But the subject matter and content of the videos are often consistent with Russia's interest in amplifying us domestic divisions. I mean, you could say that this show is consistent within a desire to amplify domestic divisions because we talk about controversial things. We don't go, we're not all about unity and rainbows and unicorns like this. This seems like a thin read. I hear you. It's just the content of Tim Poole. He, he didn't just say, you know, I disagree with our policy towards Ukraine. He actually said Ukraine is the greatest threat to the United States. Stuff that is so preposterous. Like you're like wondering, did Vladimir Putin write that himself?


And now I don't know if this is true because I saw on Twitter, I don't like calling it the other name, but on Twitter that he's now changed his position. I I don't because I don't know what to believe anymore if there's, it's a deep fake or not. But if he changed his position overnight because of that, that's also telling. One more thing on that, remember there was that attack on the concert venue in, in Moscow in March. Yes. It was an ISIS attack and yet the Russians who were involved with this operation told the folks at Tenet to push the narrative that it was Ukraine behind it and apparently some of the folks that were eager to do so. So, you know, that's why it's like, it's a little more than just saying let's Be disagree with policy. Let's, let's be specific. That's, let's be specific. I saw that same allegation.


It's, and it's probably the worst, the worst allegation in here about what they did. But it's not them, it's not like, first of all, I wanna reiterate on Tim Poole 'cause you're saying okay, he was, maybe he was stealing, but he's not even alleged to have known that the Russians were here like we're paying him. So there would've been no reason for him to change his position, position to be pro-Russia. He may, he may have just been pro-Russia, he may have just been anti Ukraine. I, I think that he was anti Ukraine and I think he could have come by that and did come by that totally organically without knowing he was getting Russian money. That's what the indictment says. But here's the thing that you're referring to that does bear some discussion and that is on page 24 and 25 of the indictment. They write that on or about February 14th, 2024.


One of these Russians, she goes by a couple different names, but one of them is Helena Shudra shared with Tenet. They don't say Tenet, they say US Company one, but we know it's te a video of a well-known us political commentator visiting a grocery store in Russia. That's obviously Tucker. Helena posted the video on the producer's Discord channel. That's an internal, that's like how you communicate in like a more protected way internally as producers on at Tenant later that day. Producer one, and we don't who know who that is, privately messaged founder two, that's Liam Donovan, Lauren's husband on Discord. They want me to push this right to this producer.


Again, we don't know who it is referencing this video of Tucker But. it just feels like overt shilling founder two meaning again, Liam Donovan replied that founder one that's Lauren Chen quote thinks we should put it out there. Producer one acquiesced responding. All right, I'll put it out tomorrow. Then the next example as another example on or about March 22nd, 2024, Helena, the Russian shared in the producer Discord channel, a video of the March 22nd, 2024 terrorist attack on a music venue in Moscow, which killed approximately 145 people and injured hundreds more producer, one privately messaged founder, one meaning Lauren Chen writing, I don't know If you saw it, but they want me to post some footage from an attack in Moscow today.


There's a watermark in the middle of the page that's blurred, which looks bad and it's also pretty graphic. You can see people getting shot, albeit from far away. That's a very normal producer email to send. It's got a watermark, meaning somebody else owns it and there's excessive violence. Is that something we're gonna put on the air? Founder Juan Lauren Chen did not push back on the content of the clip, but replied in the producer Discord channel quote, I'm not sure it's, it's a good idea to blur out someone's modern watermark then weighs in the Russian. Helena assuring the group that quote, it's fine, no worries, it falls under fair use. Producer one and producer two found a video clip at the attack without the watermark and posted the clip to X.


The next day. Helena privately Messer messaged founder one Lauren Chen on Discord asking that quote, one of our creators record something about the Moscow terror attack. Despite public reporting that the foreign terrorist organization ISIS had claimed responsibility for the attack, Helena requested that tenant media blame Ukraine and the US writing quote, I think we can focus on the Ukraine slash US angle. The mainstream media spread fake news that ISIS claimed responsibility for the attack. Yet ISIS itself never made such statements. All terrorists are now detained while they were headed to the border with Ukraine, which makes it even more suspicious. Why they would want to go to Ukraine to hide end quote founder one meaning Lauren Chen responded that she would ask commentator three, we don't know who that is.


And the next day confirmed that commentator three said quote, he's happy to cover it. That's the entirety of getting one of the hired podcasters or influencers to directly shill. We don't know who commentator three is, but it's not Reuben and it's not Tim Poole and it's not the woman who's been mentioned. Not Lauren Chen, but the other podcaster. And this person, all this person would've known was that Lauren Chen was asking him to push this message and there's no, not even an allegation that he would've known it was a Russian request. Just that Lauren Chen who brought him into this company thought this was a good angle to pursue.


That's as far as it goes. I think we have Joel now. Joel, welcome your take on all of this. Thanks Megan and hi Dave. You know, I just wanna say Dave's one of the most fair-minded people out there. It's great to hear his take. And I remember watching in 2016 when he came out with the decision not to prosecute Corey Lewandowski over the incident with my former colleague Michelle Field. And we all expected him to prosecute live Dallas because he's a Democrat and it's Palm Beach County and he didn't, he looked at the facts and he called it as he saw it. So he's a real great person to meet here at least virtually. Ah, I think we think so too. Think that this is, I think this is a case where there are different people who are swept up in this.


I mean, I think it's funny to call people who received millions of dollar victims. You know, usually when you talk about victims of fraud, they're the ones who lost millions of dollars. So, you know, maybe fair, I wouldn't mind being a who, who got paid millions of dollars, but, but anyway, look, I think they are gonna suffer a little bit through this controversy. The only two that I know are Tim Pool and Lauren Chen and Tim Pool. I've been on his show a couple of times. I was there last week and he's always struck me as a straight, straight shooter. Nobody should assume that because he has sponsorship from this organization or that person that he's taking their view. He has strong views, he has views against our foreign policy in Ukraine and so forth.


And I don't think anybody could have bought him either way. Lauren, Chen, I don't know very well, but I got to know her sort of through X or Twitter back in October where she came after me out of the blue when I said some things about Israel that were pro-Israel admittedly quite strident and emotional after October 7th. But she was pretty hostile and she was the first influencer or person with any kind of following that I really noticed who was representing what surprised me as a kind of anti-Israel strain of thought on the online, right? You know, we've all seen the left explode in the streets and on campus and there's always been some antisemitism on the right and the left, especially online where people can comment anonymously.


But Lauren Chen represented this very passionate and quite rehearsed strain of thinking that was very anti-Israel. She died, dialed it back over the months as these mobs emerged on campus. And I think she took exception to that But. it now seems to me that we have to take every manifestation of some of this online anti-Semitism or bigotry or weird commentary of any sort with a grain of salt because we don't know who's being paid to say what. And if that's where this came from, if this new resurgent antisemitism online is coming from people who are paid to do it, I think on the one hand it should make us feel better because I don't think Americans are innately antisemitic.


On the other hand, we really have to be concerned about how much this sort of thing is affecting our discourse. And I think I, I think there's no, there's no evidence of that. There's no evidence. I've definitely seen her anti-Israel tweets. I mean, she's been as aggressive as anybody and, but there's no evidence, there's not even an allegation in here. How is that, you know, that she's do, she was doing that to satisfy these Russian handlers of hers. The people who were, 'cause she was also making banks. She wasn't making as much as Tim and Dave, but she was making thousands of dollars. I think they alleged she, she made $750,000 in the not quite one year that this tenant media was operating. So she was getting paid a lot.


But. it seemed like it was mostly to be pro-Russian, not anti Israel. I'm, I'm gonna defend her Joel, by saying she came by that one. Honestly, I think she just genuinely doesn't like the, you know, the country of Israel or those who support it. But in any event, let me just ask you, let, let me say this, okay? So I wanna get to a little bit of their, what the guys are saying in their defense. I take your point that they've made a lot of money and there are many people online saying, are they gonna give it back? Are they gonna give it back? Well that's sticky because I'm sure they paid people to help them with like, I mean, Dave was doing this show on viral videos. I'm sure he had somebody he paid. I don't know where that's gonna go. But here's what Dave says. He says, these allegations clearly show that I and other commentators were the victims of this scheme.


I knew absolutely nothing about any of this fraudulent activity period. People of the internet that was the name of his show, was a silly show covering viral videos, which ended four months ago. The DOJ has never contacted me regarding this matter. He put this out last night and I have no intention to comment further. This screenshot directly from the indictment speaks for itself. And there is, there's a explicit admission by the DOJ that these podcasters did not know that Lauren, they say knew and her husband knew and they kept it a secret and misled these guys into thinking this Eduard guy is Parisian was really the money behind it. And again, I can, I can tell you myself, that's what Dave told me.


Taylor Hansen, he's another one of the faces. He says, these allegations are a complete shock. I wanna be as clear as possible. I was never directed to report on any topic, had complete freedom and control over my reporting at all times. I would never agree to any arrangement where I'm not the sole person in charge of the stories. Matt Christensen, he's another one. At no point has anyone ever directed me what to say or what not to say. I would never agree to anything otherwise. My videos and streams for tenant are exactly the same as my videos and streams from my personal channels. Every word's from me and me alone, Tim Poole, we have him on camera 'cause he reacted on a show today. Here's what he says in part, Did you read the indictment? It clearly says that I, as well as the other personalities were victims. We were deceived by people intentionally to trick us into licensing our content to them.


I will add, I have a statement about this, which you know, I'll, we'll we'll launch the full segment, but we never produced anything for them. We had an existing show that was already in production that they licensed distribution for, which meant that the show that we already produced appeared on their network. That was the gist of the deal. So there's no one from their company involved with ours. Their company paid a license fee to broadcast a show that we produce, that we run that our employees are involved with. And they have nothing to do with, I don't know what I mean. Like politically you're gonna see a bunch of Democrats making claims and all this other stuff. I can't speak for anybody else involved with the company 'cause I don't know what they do or what, what their jobs are or anything like that. I can just tell you plainly, culture war existed well before the license agreement.


It will exist well after the license agreement and they license it for a set period. And that meant that the show appeared on their channel. That's it. Go ahead Joel. Well it's just interesting you mentioned that the fictitious French businessman was named Eduard. His last name I think was Gregorian. It had one too many Ns. I think the double N at the end of the last name was to tell that this was not really a well thought out person or persona. But look, I have actually been in a similar situation. I don't know If you remember, but the late Larry King had a show on a network called Aura tv. And I used to go to his studio and he was still very sharp, well into his eighties.


And then Russia today, which is the network involved in this indictment, they bought Aura or they bought whatever parent company was running this. And so I would go to film with Aura tv, but then my interviews would be replayed on Russia today. I would never have gone to Russia today. But this content was, I guess licensed to them. And I think that's what Tim Pool is saying is that he was producing this and it was licensed to them anyway. So again, different people may have been involved at different levels, but I think the explanation for this is pretty simple. Russia saw people who were against the war in Ukraine and that was their fundamental interest, or at least skeptically of the war in Ukraine.


And that was their interest in amplifying those voices for purely strategic reason. They want the American political discourse to shift away from support for Ukraine. And I'm skeptical of the war in Ukraine in some ways. Nobody has made me a victim. I Am too at this point Yet. Yeah, you know, I, I'd like to be a victim maybe, I dunno, maybe not at the price of my integrity, but look, this is going to happen. We do have to be very careful about where funding comes from. And my former Breitbart colleague who went on to serve in the Trump administration and now has his own media show, Seb Gorka, he had a lengthy post on X about how Lauren Chen had approached him to do content for her company.


And he said, well, where's the money coming from? And she couldn't answer him. And then she sent him this information about Gregorian with the extra end and he said, this doesn't look right. And he walked away from it. Wow. So I do think it was possible to ask some more questions about this. And I think unfortunately in the world we're in, where this is not just cute social media content, this is seen by important people as very powerful. You have to be careful about who you're dealing with. Here she is. Just to give you a visual, I'm just gonna run a quick soundbite of Lauren Chen talking about repealing the 19th Amendment. 'cause it's so annoying when the women vote sought to Democracy. All it means at its core is mob rule.


And yeah, you have institutions like the UN who like to tack on these other aspects of it. Oh, it's only a democracy. There's a certain amount of freedom of the press. You can have opposition parties without any issues. Like all these other things are really, at its core, democracy simply means mob rule. Majority rule. And I'm sorry to burst your bubble guys if you're watching this, but there is nothing at all that says that mob rule is conducive or synonymous to freedom and individual liberty. The 19th Amendment specifically, more so than any other law or provision out there, solidified the concept of universal suffrage in our collective conscience. When you look at the language of the 19th Amendment, it makes it clear that voting isn't just a civil liberty.


It is essentially a human right. No different than the right to free speech or the right to bear arms. It talks about how the government should not be able to deny the right to vote to someone. Instead of how I believe we should view voting as a privilege, something that needs to be actively granted to someone. I am somewhat saying that women shouldn't have the right to vote in the same way that I'm thinking that just men should not have the right to vote. Genders, entire groups of people should not be given control of our government. Alright? She's an idiot. She, I was just fucking idiot. I just, well, It sounds like she's been Reeling. It's no, it's no accident. They targeted her.


It is no accident. They thought I got a live one right there. The Blaze TV is just fired her. That just hit, she was an independent contractor. It says Tyler Cardin Blaze Media, CEO, and her contract has been terminated. We'll see what happens to her in this legal case. Just because you're an idiot doesn't mean you go to jail. She's not indicted. By the way, I forgot to read Benny Johnson's denial. He says, A year ago we were pitched by this startup media company to provide content as an independent contractor. Our lawyers negotiated a standard arms lake deal. It was later terminated. Were disturbed by these allegations, which make clear that myself and others were victims in this scheme. My lawyers will handle anyone who states or suggest otherwise. Gotta leave it at that.


'cause I know Dave's gotta run you guys, thank you. Thank you both so much for being here. Thank you. Thank you. Unbelievable. Right? I'm just like, oh, I, it's very annoying. The whole thing is annoying because let me tell you why it's annoying. Let me, let me play you this soundbite from Morning Joe. Look what the left is gonna do with this shit. This is what they're gonna do. Not, not because of Dave, not because of Tim, not because of Benny, because of you, Lauren, according to this indictment. We'll hear your denial. I'm open-minded to your denial. Let's hear it so far. She said nothing. I think we know why she's probably working with them. Listen to how the people over at Morning Joe, and I'm sure the entire left today is already spinning this.


We have all seen it for several years. There are people who are deliberately or unknowingly or unknowingly promoting Russian propaganda. Propaganda that comes straight from the Kremlins. Of course one of the great iron ironies about this is not really an irony, it's just cynicism and it's, and it's just unfortunately un-American. These are the same people that get out, a lot of them that get out and talk about the Russian hoax. Oh, there's a Russian, oh there's a, there's no, come on. What are you talking about? There's no connection between, you know, this and, and Russia and Russia's not trying to do, but always apologizing for Russia, always apologizing for Putin.


Yeah. These are the people online, like you say, Joe, who have condemned what they call the Russia hoax. Despite all the information we had in front of us from the Mueller report and now from this indictment, but also who are perceived as truth tellers outside the mainstream media. You're not getting the real story. You're not getting the true story. Come to my YouTube channel and I'll tell you the truth. Well, it turns out some of those prominent among them were complete dupes for the Russian government. That's where they're gonna go with this. They're not gonna read the indictment. They're not gonna see that the Feds do not even allege in particular that Tim and Dave had any knowledge whatsoever, that any of them had any knowledge whatsoever that the Russians other than Lauren and her husband were actually paying the salaries.


And in, except for that one instance I just read you with commentator number three, and it's a he. So I, it's either Benny Johnson, Matt Christensen, or Taylor Hansen. 'cause we know Reuben and Pool are one and two, there's no specific allegation that anybody ever actively covered or changed their coverage of something in the news at the request. Not of, not of the Russians, but of Lauren. That's as much as they've been able to allege. So even commentator number three, thought this was coming from Lauren, and according to the indictment, did change, or at least agreed to cover a story. I don't know whether he would've otherwise, but that person's gonna need to speak out and should speak out.


And, and this is, this does not undo years of false Russiagate allegations, but that's where the left is gonna go with it. Shame on all of the people who push this on us. And I'm talking to you, you two Russians who allegedly work for rt. And if Lauren and her husband Liam actually did what's alleged this indictment, I realize it's A DOJ, I realize the FBI, I realize what their history is, but they're citing specific emails and so on. Then shame on you too. We'll be right


back. Do you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns? Along with hiring tens of thousands of new agents and field officers, the IRS has been sending over 5 million pay up letters to those with unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Don't waive your rights and speak with them on your own. Instead, tax network, USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved more than $1 billion in back taxes for their clients. And they might help to secure the best deal possible for you too. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, they can help you, whether it's business or personal taxes, even If, you have the means to pay. Or if you're on a fixed income, they can help. Finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. Call these guys at one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. Don't let the IS control your life. Empower yourself with Tax, Network, USA support, and take charge of your financial future. Visit tn usa.com/megyn today,


A major about face by a quote unquote Republican. Well, she's a Republican. She just, she's never Trumper hardcore, never Trumper, who just a few years ago was very anti Kamala Harris. Yes, Liz Cheney. She has now publicly endorsed the vice president and the left is very, very excited about this because they think it's gonna persuade who, again, joining me now, the guys from Real Clear Politics, find them across the dial on SiriusXM every night. They're on the POTUS channel and we've got them all. Tom Bevin, co-founder and president of and RCP Carl Cannon, Washington Bureau Chief and Andrew Walworth, chief Content Officer.


Guys, I hope this isn't too personal, but I love the podcast and I listen to it all the time. And sometimes, like if I wake up in the middle of the night or whatever, I'll put on a podcast and I'll listen to it. And last night, I, I was, it was like four 30 in the morning and I was listening to the and RCP show, and you'll be happy to know it did not put me back to sleep. It did not. The Opposite. Great news. So thank you. Thank you for that. Okay, so let's start with Liz Cheney. Tom Beth, team Trump is quaking in its boots. This is the ultimate, you know, dog bites man story. Like what, what is the news here, really? Right? We know Liz Cheney is, is not a fan of Donald Trump.


That's obvious. And so the idea was, I mean, she made this big announcement that she'd thought deeply about this and she was gonna go ahead and vote for Kam Harris. I mean, I just don't know what the, obviously it gets play in the media and on M-S-N-B-C because it's bad news for Trump or it's a, it's, you know, it's a bad headline for Trump or whatever. But to your point, Megan, like, who's this going to convince how this is, this is really not much of a story at all in my opinion. And yet people are excited about it. I don't know. Here she is. Here's Liz Cheney explaining her reasoning. So 10, I think it is, it is crucially important for, for people to recognize not only is what I just said about the danger that Trump poses something that should prevent people from voting for him, but I don't believe that we have the luxury of writing in candidates names, particularly in swing states.


And as a conservative, as someone who believes in and cares about the Constitution, I have thought deeply about this. And because of the danger that, that Donald Trump poses, not only am I not voting for Donald Trump, but I'll be voting for Kamala Harris. All right? And yet, Carl, you've got tweets all over the internet, including this one from August, 2020 where Liz Cheney wrote, Kamala Harris is a radical liberal who would, who would raise taxes, take away guns and health insurance, and explode the size and power of the federal government. She wants to recreate America in the image, image of what's happening on the streets of Portland and Seattle. We won't give her the chance. So, which, which Constitution is governing right now.


Now in Liz Cheney's mind. Well, Megan, I understand why some of these establishment Republicans dislike Trump. They, you know, people like, you know, you know the names Bill Crystal and Liz Cheney and other people, some people, some of 'em are my friends. You know, Donald, it was like a hostile takeover. Their party in their minds. So some, the way some of them talk about Trump is, is angrier and than the Democrats. I understand that. But so then you think, are they, so some of them want Trump to lose so that they can reconstitute, you know, bring back what they would call the norms or whatever, you know, bring back the old coalition maybe. And, but she didn't say that. What she said was that Donald Trump is a threat to the Constitution.


You know, that this will be the last election we ever have. The, these, you know, these ideas about that Donald Trump is a, an authoritarian that, that the democracy is actually on the ballot there, there's no evidence for that. And the Democrats ran on that in 2020 in the midterms and it helped them. They're running on it. Again, I, I don't, I don't understand why people believe that, but that's what Liz Cheney said. And so it, you know, once you get to that point, I guess then you think, gee, Connell Harris would be a terrible president. And the Democrats are, their policies are awful, but I'm doing this to save my country. I think they've convinced themselves of this. I just don't think that this is going to have influence over a single American.


Absolutely not one, not one. All the people who are gonna vote for Kamala will say, great. Liz Cheney's on board. And all the people who are gonna vote for Trump will say, who cares? We know Liz Cheney hates Trump. And the undecided four people who live in these swing states will say, who? What? I don't, okay. And they're gonna move on. Like, Mike Pence is not supporting Trump. That didn't seem to have some massive impact. I don't know why Liz Cheney would, but let's talk about the, the biggest news that's coming in the next week or so. And that's the debate. Apparently Andrew, there will be Mike's turned off during the other person's turn. So while Trump is speaking, her white Mike will be off while she is speaking.


Trump's mic will be turned off. This was the subject of debate for weeks. And the reports are that her team is very disappointed about this because she was looking to have what they're calling a, a Brett Kavanaugh moment with her, where she, she got up and Brett Kavanaugh's face during the confirmation hearing. So how big an impact, if any, will this have on our experience of this debate on Tuesday night? Well, I guess marginally people are saying it's a victory for Trump. I don't think it makes any difference at all. I think they were gonna debate no matter what. They both need the debate. Trump has been practicing and practicing for this every time he goes out and speaks to someone on a podcast or a town hall or a within inter with a press conference, he's practicing.


So I think he's ready for the debate. The big question is, is she ready? There'll be no notes that you can bring. It's a standup debate, I believe still. So it will be all the rules that applied during Joe Biden's debate. And we saw how that ended up for Joe Biden. So I, if, if, if, if I had to bet, I think he probably will have a good night and she's gonna be, the bar's pretty high for her because she has not been doing any press talk to anybody, been challenged in any way other than that CNN interview. So we'll see what happens. But every, you know, the stakes are pretty high, I guess. Yeah. Well, in meantime, NBC news reporting earlier this week, that this is how she's preparing, that she's being coached to avoid being pulled into Trump's personal attacks by remaining calm.


She and her team are focusing on how to needle Trump and rattle him in that sense. The source said it's going to be less about substance and more about showcasing Harris as a woman who is not scared. Okay? So that's what we're looking for to president. Now, a woman, she's a woman, so check who is not scared of Donald Trump that will earn you the presidency in the eyes of her team Tom Bevin. But the plan to rattle and needle Trump is a good one. And we'll see whether they're able to do it. That was what they did throughout the DNC, making fun of him not being a billionaire.


His money, the criminal cases against him, and he held his fire. He did not start spouting off on truth social in the middle of the night face to face across from her. Can he do it? Yeah, we'll find out. I mean, look, the reason she wanted the, these mics on is she wanted to pull that same shtick that she did with Mike Pence in 2020. You know, excuse me, excuse me, I'm speaking, stop speaking over me. Sort of, you know, that, that whole thing. Totally. And there was a report by I think CNN who had a source that the a BC news saying that the, or that, that the campaign Kamala Harris' campaign had gotten assurances from a, b, C, that if there was some crosstalk, that the mics would be turned on and that the moderators would help inform the public about what what was being said.


So, you know, that was sort of a curious report. I'll be interested to see when, when this actually goes down, whether those mics are fully turned off the entire time or whether they, you know, they might be left on, on occasion or, or how, how they handle the crosstalk between these two candidates. But you're certainly right that, you know, she's gonna try and get in his head and say some things and, you know, try and get him to overreact and then, you know, play, perhaps play the victim or, or whatever the situation's gonna be. And Trump has to be aware of that and, and has to basically not fall for it. And we'll see whether he's able to do that or not. You never know. I suppose it, it'll depend on the, you know, the Moody's end on the night of the debate, He's had far more experience with adversarial media than she is, which is to his advantage, Carl.


Well, yeah, and you've reminded me of something. The first person who showed on a presidential debate staff the debate stage that they could be simultaneously a woman and unafraid of Donald Trump was m Kelly. You may, so it doesn't qualify Me for president. I think it does. And, and in terms, in terms of that microphone, I'll take you guys back when a, a couple elections, even earlier, Al Gore's debating George Bush and there, and Al Gore Bush is talking, and Gore was sighing so loudly into the microphone. Those of us who were in the hall there couldn't hear Bush. And I, I was sitting next to Frank Bruney of the New York Times, I said, Frank, is the air conditioning broken?


What's going on? And he turned to me, he said, I think that's Gore and the neck. And on TV it wasn't as bad, but the next day, Barbara Bush and then, and then Gore, you know, stalked across the stage at Bush. And Bush kind of s smirked at him. Like he was, you know, bring it on boy. And the next day Barbara Bush was clutching her pearls and on one of the morning shows and she said, I thought he was going to hit George. And, you know, so some of these histrionics get these, these subtle movements, you know, when Bush's father looked at his watch during debate, they can matter. And so I, I, you know, so I think the Mike's turned, I, I guess I'd kind of prefer him just to be on all the time. You guys Remember when, remember Remember that moment in the New York?


In the New York? I was just gonna say Senate race or New York Senate race. Go ahead Tom. No, Rick Lazio marched across the stage with a piece of paper and sort of waved it in Hillary Clinton's face. But that, but that's Gore did that, that fired on him. Go did that two weeks after you thought you thought he would've been warned. Yeah, He just figured, 'cause he was up against a male opponent, he could get away with it. But certainly that male female dynamic will play and given the ra the gender divide in this election, Trump does have to be careful. Like if he, he can't do anything too aggressive, even though she'll be aggressive against him, she's called him a predator. She's gotten as aggressive rhetorically as you can. He, there's just a dynamic. I'm sorry it's there. He would be completely reckless to get in her face physically in any way.


And I don't think he'll do that. All right, you guys have to get us up to speed on what these polls are saying because we had three big polls at least come out this week. And I know it's tight, super tight. But some of them say she's got a little bit more of the advantage in the swing states and some say, okay, but he's winning slightly in Pennsylvania. So that does that erases those other advantages. You, these guys will talk straight to us after we take this break and tell you what you need to know. Don't go away the and RCP guys, stay with me more ahead. So guys, let's just start with this. Apparently the God of predictions, the carac of elections has come out to tell us that he knows who's going to win.


It's American University professor Dr. Alan Liman, who has correctly predicted nine of the last 10 presidential elections. He gave his final verdict today about the 2024 race. The only one he's gotten wrong out of the last 10 elections was Bush v Gore. He must have been confused by all the sighing Carl. It also could have been the very tight hanging Chad race that we saw there, but he's right almost always. And he says, vice President Kamala Harris will defeat former President Donald Trump and keep the White House in Democratic hands. Well, what do you guys think of the good professor?


Well listen, we'll see, we'll see whether, you know, his track record isn't as as sterling I think as most people make it out to be. But look, this is a close race. It could go either way. I mean, that's the truth. And you know, he's got his 13 keys that he uses and that's fine. But you know, we go by what the poll show and right now the poll show, this is a very, very close race. Politico put it at, what did they say? Knife fight in a phone booth. That's how tight it is right now. And we've had a couple of polls come out over the past few days. A, B, C and Ipsos released a poll on Tuesday showing no post DNC bounce for her showing that they polled registered voters before and after the convention and she was up plus four in both of them.


It does show that when you zero it down to likely voters, she's up six. But that's, you know, a national poll. And then you get into this Politico state of the race as of Monday. And this is the one I wanted to ask you guys about. 'cause they go through all of the swing states and they take your average, the and RCP average, the 5 38 average. That's Nate Silver's old organization, which he's got some issues with now and the way they're trying to implement his old model. And then there's the actual Nate Silver, which he calls the silver bulletin average. And they compared all three of them in all of the seven swing states. And what they showed is that it is extremely tight. But I will tell you there's a lot of Harris leads.


They're slim, but she, this is my armchair take on what I'm looking at here. Like in Arizona, again, this is going at you, the three of your averages compared to each other. Here's Arizona, she's plus 0.2, plus 0.5 plus 0.5. Georgia, she's plus 0.4. Then Trump plus 0.2 Harris plus 0.1 Michigan, she's plus 2.4 plus 1.1 plus 1.9. And that's kind of how it goes throughout except North Carolina, which shows Trump plus 0.4, 0.6, 0.3.


I know from listening to you guys, you think Pennsylvania in particular is tighter than this comparison is showing, which shows her plus 1.2 plus 0.5 plus 1.2. Anyway, as somebody who has said she's gonna vote for Trump, I don't like these numbers, it's tight. But she seems to be leading in all of them. And I know that these polls have margins of error, but you guys are always pointing out, that's why you do averages of all the polls. So what am I missing here, Andrew? Like, is there something that's wrong with looking at it this way? No, I think, I think that's a good way to look at it. And I think you're right to point out that the national averages are not that important. What's really matters is the swing states, Pennsylvania is the tightest of the tight, I've never seen anything like this before.


Tom may know better, but the last three polls that went into the and RCP average were all tied. So we have Pennsylvania totally tied up. That rarely happens with that kind of consistency. So I think it will come down to Pennsylvania, that's what, 19 electoral votes. So that's pretty important state for Trump to win. But as you know, as, as we know, this is about as tight a race as it could be right now, I would, you know, I think we'll just have to wait and see. That's The thing we don't know. It's frustrating. We wanna know, we want the predictor that's gonna show us how and, and it's just not there. Like, this is gonna be a nail biter, isn't it, Carl?


Yeah. And I, I, I don't wanna know. I look forward to election night. Megan, here's the, here's the thing. Tom and I have been talking about this going back and forth on our own podcast in 2016, and again, in 2026 of these seven states broke the same way for, for Donald Trump and then for Joe Biden. There's nothing written in, you know, in stone or in the heavens that they have to break that way. It could be four to three. We could look at, we could be looking piecing together in trying, you know, more like 2000, the, the one that Professor Lichter missed. You know, we're, we're looking for two or three electoral votes here or there. But the, the other big question that I have going into this is have these, have these pollsters fixed the problems that ha caused them to under count Donald Trump?


Both in both of those elections? They, they think they have, they say they've tried, but we won't know till election night, because remember, if this thing is tied in all these swing states, it wasn't, it wasn't close four years ago, Biden had a significant lead in all these states and then they were much closer. So if the polls are wrong again, 2, 3, 4 points off, then Trump's gonna win. So that's, that's the other thing we'll know election night, because these are real clear politics and Nate Silver and 5 3 8, they're not doing their original polling. They are aggregating these polls and then politicos aggregating the aggregators. But the big question people know, and I, I was talking to Doug Rivers who does the Ugo poll, I had dinner with him Sunday night and he, he says that he hopes they fixed it, but he won't know.


Hmm. The other thing that we're not talking about much at all, Tom, is the get out the vote operation and Trump has been dumping on vote by mail for four years now. Yeah, yeah. You know, well, you can tell when somebody smart gets in his ear and says, stop saying that we need to bank early vote. He'll have like one interview where he is like, yeah, okay. Vote by mail and then left to his own devices. He's back to, no, I don't know. Could be fraud, but they're gonna start banking vote, especially on the Dem side, starting on September 16th in Pennsylvania, right. 16th or 13th. Anyway, ro soon and on the Republican side, I don't really know what the get out the vote operation is other than Charlie Kirk or Pal Charlie over at Turning Point USAI like the RNC seems to have outsourced it to him and he's great, but I Is he enough?


Yeah, you know, I, I had a discussion with Sean Trendy, who's our senior elections analyst, and he's one of the smartest guys, you know, in the country on politics. And we were talking about this and, and he was saying, you know, he doesn't buy that. It's, you know, the, the, the hardcore voters are gonna vote, you know, whether they vote early, whether they vote on election day, it's still a vote for the candidate. It's, it's really finding those marginal voters and chasing down those marginal voters that is going to end up making the difference in these states. But just to go back to the polling for a second, Megan, because I think it is important, I mean we just, we just did a, a video, it's called a real Clear quick take and you can go find it on, on social media where we analyzed the 2016 and the 2020 by state in this, in these seven battleground states, how badly the pollsters undercounted Trump's vote in 2016 and 2020.


And it was obviously worse in Wisconsin. They missed by seven points in 2016 and then six points in in 2020. So on average about six and a half points over the last two cycles, Kamala Harris is up 1.4 in Wisconsin right now. So if they do in fact get it wrong by this, by the way, the same amount they have averaged over the last two cycles, Trump would be ahead in Wisconsin. And you go down these, you go down these states like Arizona and Georgia for example, in 20 16, 20 20, those were the two most accurate states. Pollsters hit, hit them within half a percentage point. And right now Trump's got a 1% lead in Arizona and Kamala Harris has a one 10th of 1% lead in Georgia.


So, you know, you just go and look at these, you look at how close these states are, and then you look at, you know, past performance of these pollsters. And then you also look at the national average, right? Hillary Clinton won by 2.1% and lost that election in the battleground states. Joe Biden won by 4.5% the national popular vote and just barely won. So, you know, Kamala Harris right now is at two points in our national average, two point a half points in the five way race. So she's on the lower end of that range where if that's, if the polls were actually accurate, the, she would probably be come up short in these battleground states. If she can move that nationally to three, four, or five points, then you're looking at a situation where she should be comfortably enough ahead in enough battleground states to win this election.


But right now it is absolutely a jump ball in my opinion. When you look at these numbers, It's almost like when you go to the doctor and they take your temperature and you're like, what are you doing? I have a stomach ache, I take my temperature. It's like, well if your temperature's high, it tells me something's wrong with you on the inside. If your temperature's normal, it tells me something else about what's happening to you. And the national vote is like the temperature, like it doesn't tell us what the actual thing is But, it gives us a clue as to how things are going. And she needs to get those numbers up in the national vote for us to believe she's going to carry the swing states. That's, and that's what she's been saying, you know, it's gonna be tight, we need to win, we need to win by a lot. And they will have a strong get out the vote operation.


Here's Steve Koki the other day talking about how Democrats feeling good about seeing those numbers. I just ticked off with you guys showing, you know, Harris up more than Trump and some of these states need to need to take a breath and take a beat. If, you take a look at the paths, the easiest path for each candidate will start with Kamala Harris. All of the state polling is very tight, but the, the best polling, relatively speaking for Harris and the Democrats has been in talk about him all the time. These great lake states, big 10 states, whatever you wanna call 'em, Wisconsin, Michigan, and Pennsylvania. Now, if Harris could win those three states, just for the sake of argument, turn them blue there. Exactly 270 electoral votes for her.


Now if she slips up, Pennsylvania in particular is one Republicans of these three think they have a a, a good shot at here, let's say she were to slip up, Harris did and lost Pennsylvania. Pennsylvania is the biggest of all the swing states. 19 electoral votes Harris would've to compensate by winning at least two from the Sunbelt here. And for Trump's easiest path quickly here it's to get Pennsylvania, it's to hold North Carolina like he did in 20 and it's to win back Georgia, which he very narrowly lost that would get him to exactly the magic number. Wow. It's when you see that, you start thinking, Andrew, why did she go with her emotional support governor?


Why didn't she pick Josh Shapiro? I think that will be a real question that will be asked the day after the election, and we'll know then whether it was a good choice or a bad choice. But there certainly is a lot of people or are a lot of people who think that Josh Shapiro might've been the, the, the wiser choice. Because I personally feel that Pennsylvania is going is the most important state. Everyone else is saying it as well. But one thing I'm looking at is McCormick, the Senate race there. 'cause McCormick is doing surprisingly well and that is another indicator if McCormick does well, he, he may, they, there may be some reverse coattails in Pennsylvania. He wins the Senate Race.


I mean that that would be amazing, right? Yeah. You guys have been talking about, and no one's really talking about Pennsylvania McCormick as as a possible GOP pickup. That, that, that hasn't really been at the, the front of the tongue. No, but I Tom you keep a better eye on the polls than I do. But he's done well in the last two polls that I saw at least, Right? Well, the c the CNN polls that just came out had that race tide and he has been, excuse me, he has been, you know, pounding Bob Casey with these ads basically of Kamala Harris her own words, talking about wanting to ban fracking and the like. So he's run a very, very smart campaign thus far and it seems to be paying off and, and he is doing better than a lot of the other Republican senate candidates around the country. I hear a lot of talk about the Senate and you know, the, the analysis is basically that the Republicans are gonna get the West Virginia seat that Joe Manchin is giving up, you know, by retiring and that they look good in Montana.


Although man, they're throwing everything they can at that Republican right now trying to say he doesn't like Native Americans and all the stuff that I like, they're doing all their tricks to try to take him down. I I own property in Montana, I think he's gonna win. I think the Republicans have got that one. We'll see, I could be wrong, but Pennsylvania like that would be huge. But here's my question. There's less talk about the house, what, how, how's that looking? 'cause right now starting to, people are starting to get a little worried that we could have unified control over on the Democrat side. If this doesn't go the way the Republicans want, they could lose the house, they could lose, they could continue to stay outta power in the Senate and they could lose the White House. So how's the house looking?


Well, I, the, the general rule that I always think about of the house is that whoever wins the White House will probably win the house. It's very hard to predict the house 'cause there's so many factors involved. But if, if Trump wins the White House, he'll probably win the Senate. And if he wins the White House in the Senate, I would say he's likely to win the house as well. We'll see. But, you know, just came back to the Senate for a second. There is a scenario that Larry Hogan pulls it out in Maryland. Oh wow. And then, I mean, this would be someone's dream scenario that Larry Hogan is sort of the controlling vote in the Senate.


That's Not Trump's dream scenario, not Trump's dream scenario. But, it would certainly be, it'd be a lot of fun to see, see someone like Hogan have that much power in the center right now. He would be the Joe Manchin of the, of the next decade or so. So anyway, that's right. But, and not sure I helped you on the house there, but that, that's what I, I think that whoever wins the presidency will take the house deal. Go ahead, Carl. Well, there's, there's always a senate race that we didn't see coming and that Andy said it might be Larry Hogan and, and Maryland, it might be in Ohio. Sherrod Brown is well liked there. He's sort of pulled at Joe Manchin. He's kept his popularity up while the states' become increasingly Republican.


But, you know, if If you had a scenario where Donald Trump did better than we think in some of these polls and ran up these numbers in the Republican states, she browns that, that Ohio might be in play as well. Hmm. I mean it's, it's so crazy how much could change after this election if one of the, the, the nation's so divided, like they said, knife fight in a phone booth, and yet we could wind up giving total power to one side or the other, which I'm just gonna say as a news woman has me saying, I will not be planning any vacations for right after November 5th. You know, you guys shouldn't either. We, we don't know what's gonna happen even after the vote is in and counted.


Well, Megan, there's some evidence that the voters like divided government, they don't quite know how to assure it. You know, you, you can't vote strategically that way. You get one vote and most of these states are not even in play, but one, one party in control of all three ha all three branches of government, it's, it's a little worrisome to swing voters. I don't, I don't know what, how they're, how they're supposed to process that. How are they gonna hedge against it? Go ahead, Tom. I was just gonna say, not to be a Debbie Downer, but I do, you know, it looks like we're headed for, you know, 2016 on steroids where, you know, we've already got the Russia interference stories planted out there and the, you know, I mean whoever loses is going to contest this election and they're going to say it was stolen, there were fraudulent votes, there was voter suppression, there was whatever.


There will be lawsuits in all of these states that will go on for weeks and months. Mark Elia and the Democrats have already got lawyers on the ground in these states. I mean, if it, if it does turn out to be as close as the polls suggest it is, and maybe it won't, but if it does, we're gonna be looking at, you know, sort of a rerun of 2016. It could be even worse in a lot of these states. And, and obviously in an evenly divided country that's, that's not going to, it's not gonna be great. And you know, I forgot to say this, when we were discussing the whole tenant media Russian thing in our a block, so this doesn't directly involve you guys, but they, they allege this is Russian influencing in our election that they're meddling in our election.


That's not what the indictment shows. The indictment shows meddling in our opinions about issues in this country. You know, for example, who attacked Russia? Was it Ukraine or was it isis? There's not anything in this indictment that would suggest they were trying to actually influence the election, though I'm sure Russia would love to do that, but that's not in this indictment. And this media organization for all of its, you know, news coverage in this indictment and around this indictment got 16 million views on its YouTube channel, which is where it exists. It's 16 million in 10 months. And when we got that last week, it's, it's, this is not a player in the national conversation at all.


Nobody even heard of these guys. So I, you know, we shouldn't overstate the, the reach of this organization. Go ahead, Tom. And, and, and yet you played the clip of Joe Scarborough. I mean, look, the, the left is going to use this. If Kamala Harris loses this election by a whisker, you can bet that there will be folks on the left that are going to say that it was Russian meddling and that that caused this. And, and conversely, if Trump loses by a whisker on election night that, you know, his folks will say it was stolen. There were, you know, fraudulent votes here or there, whatever. So it's just, I'm the only point I was trying to make is just that, that we're, I think we're headed toward another really traumatic election and election aftermath that may last, you know, weeks and months Traumatic.


But I think Megan, that's, I think Megan, you make a really good point, which is the fact that two things can be true. The Russians could be trying to meddle in our election as the Chinese could, but the, their influence is so limited that it doesn't really matter the way the left would like us to think. It matters. Yeah, they're annoying and they have a goal and they continue to try to pursue that goal. But this is a very big country and it's, I mean, it's very hard to actually influence an election if your name is not Donald Trump or Kamala Harris. It really is. I learned this when I was at Fox News and I would watch people with very powerful voices when, you know, especially when I was younger, go out there and really try to make like the strongest argument possible.


And then we got Barack Obama anyway, right? It's like the, I think these media personalities or outlets like to convince themselves that they really drive the national conversation and they drive votes, but they don't. You can inform people, you can keep them better informed about the news and that's a service. But to presume that you can actually influence them and change a national vote, in my experience, just it's not true. And it certainly wouldn't be true from some desk in Moscow where you're posing as Helena trying to like edit random videos in some no name news site nobody's ever clicked on, on use youtube.com guys, thank you.


Thanks Megan. Thanks Megan. A Pleasure. Anytime as always. Okay, when we come back, our Al Britt Mayer joins us and a first time guest on this show and there's plenty more to discuss. Don't go away.


I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Joining me now for more on the Wild Ride. That is the 2024 electoral cycle and some of the cultural craziness going on today. Britt Mayer, founder of Rooted Wings and independent researcher and analyst. And for the first time Prager, you personality, Xavier Deso. Great to have you guys. Thanks for having me. Hey Megan. All right, so at any point, did someone named Lauren Chen come to you and ask you to work for her special channel for, and if so, did you say? No, thank you. That was the right move. Isn't this the wildest story? It's so wild. Yes, I can clearly say on my honor, Lauren Chen never came to me and offered me a position with Tenet.


So I'm, I'm clear, I'm safe. I heard about Though Xavier ex Xavier, I know that's how you pronounce it. Isn't it so annoying though? Because to our guest last point, this is gonna be used like this one small operation is gonna be used by the left for the next several months, maybe even years as like you see Russia, Russia, Russia. It's like, okay, show me the video they edited, show me all the videos that that changed people's minds about this election in a profound way or at all. At all. That's not alleged, even in the indictment. And yet, you know what the narrative will be. Oh yeah, we're never beating the Russia allegations after this. And it's crazy because we can actually trace how infiltrated the left is with China.


I feel like all the energy that they're trying to put on us with Russia, we should be putting right back to them with their comfortability, letting China just run rampant in our politics and our society corrupting Gen Z and all the fentanyl that they're shoving over here and nobody wants to talk about that. But now we are all supposed to be held accountable because Russia apparently paid a few people that they didn't even know they were being paid by Russia. So I'm not too concerned about it. I'm hoping that the left doesn't make much room with this, especially after losing so much credibility the last time they tried to overexpose the Russia issue. But we'll see what ends up happening. Well, I mean that's a good point because you've got Max Boot of the Washington Post.


His wife got indicted for being a Chinese agent. I mean he writes for the Washington Post. The Washington Post has barely covered this. This week you have Kathy Hoel, the governor of New York, her deputy chief of staff in the same thing, exposed and I believe indicted as an agent of the Chinese government. You've got Iran trying to hack into Trump's campaign successfully. They said through Roger Stone's email account, which they hacked and possibly also Kamala Harris's to try to interfere with our election. There's a lot of people, a lot of bad actors out there that would like to interfere with American elections. It's just one country, Brit, that gets all of the ink because it reaffirms the priors of the people who buy ink by the barrel in this country.


Yeah, The game is if they repeat it long enough, if they tweet it enough times, then the public scoops it up and believes it. So they are gonna run with this, they're gonna run with it all the way through January. It's gonna be Russian interference, Russian collusion. I am guessing the story's going to only grow because they're going, this is their linchpin. This is what they are going to clinging to to prove that. Once again, Russia, Russia, Russia. It's what was the, the Brady Bunch, what was the Margaret March? Marcia Marcia, Marcia. That was before your time, but I lived back. It's Russia, Russia, Russia. I mean that's, that's the, the game. It's lazy, it's boring, But. it works. So I think we should all be prepared to hear a lot more of it.


Max Boots wife was an agent for South Korea, so just correcting myself. But I mean, you know, we've got so much Chinese spying, I, I can't keep track of it all. Okay, so let's talk about does the, do any of these issues filter down, do you think? Like what's driving the Gen Z vote right now, Xavier? Because there's a real question about what's gonna happen with the youth vote. The Democrats usually get very excited about it and it almost never turns out for them. And right now, If, you look at the youth vote, more and more young men are pro-Trump and young women because single women across the country are pro Harris by some, like, 72% of single women are pro Harris. So what do you think is gonna happen with them? You know, I think there's two drastic sides of that.


You have the social side and then you have the fiscal side. Socially, you know, young people are inherently rebellious. We don't like being told what to do, what to think and all of that. And for years now, being a part of Gen Z, we have been hammered down being told, oh, you are not allowed to ask too many questions. You're not allowed to support Trump. You're not allowed to support these policies. You can't have conservative ideology and how dare you even question the notion that you're supposed to address yourself by your, per your preferred pronouns. Every time you have a conversation. Gen Z is sick of that. So we have been rebelling against that. And that's why you see so many prominent Gen Z influencers and media personalities who are coming out and speaking against that entire narrative and are being more unapologetic in their belief systems.


And then also asking the questions of, am I supposed to be comfortable with the fact that nobody can afford a home? The fact that there are illegal immigrants creating so much crime in our cities, that our border is wide open. We're being told for, we've been told for way too long that we're not allowed to question that. And now that has, it's the Barbara Streisand effects by trying to take our attention away from the issues that matter most to us, it has made us hyper-focus on these issues. And it's waking a lot of members of Gen Z up. Okay, Britt, on the subject of illegal immigration, I know this is a cause near and dear to your own heart living in California and the People's Republic, and we actually this week saw Kamala Harris release an ad describing herself as somehow pro tough border enforcement.


And in that ad she uses imagery of Trump's border wall of tr She wants us to believe she's pro wall. Now here it's a cl a quick clip. But look at this As a border state prosecutor, she took on drug cartels and jailed gang members for smuggling weapons and drugs across the border. Okay? She's all over the record as calling this Trump's vanity project saying it's utterly useless. Making clear in no uncertain terms how against it she is. And now she's strolling up. I said this the other day, like the thumbs in the belt loops, like I'm here and I'm ready to take on that border like a John Wayne, you know, cowboy, I'm gonna get 'em all.


It's such nonsense. But that's the messaging they're going with. I'm just laughing picturing her actually using the John Wayne accent since she, you know, she picks up a different accent wherever she goes. True. So I, I pictured it when you did that. I could, I could hear it in my ear. Okay, so what we're seeing is the cr, the obvious recreation of Kamala Harris. Now, the interesting thing is we have 20 years of receipts on who Kamala Harris is. And she started from my state, she started up in San Francisco, then DA of California. And so when you go back to her early policies in 2004 when she was the DA in San Francisco, she was championing sanctuary cities.


She has always been for open borders that bring in illegal foreigners that we then give sanctuary status to. And then they don't stay in California, we ship them to neighborhoods all over the United States. So for her to now say, oh, look at me, I'm tough on the border. Well, your 20 years of receipts and track record says that you've completely failed at the border. To the point of where in San Diego right now, our account just from October is at, I think we're over 253,000 illegal foreigners coming in through San Diego. So how is that being tough on the border? She had been in office now for almost three and a half years.


But on top of that, where we've seen millions of illegal foreigners come through her broken border, we have 20 years of history that shows that she championed the exact policies that have now brought us to this place. But they are lying liars and they push propaganda to make the public believe that she built that wall. She is tough on border. She's not, she's not. When you actually dig in, you realize that she created the mess that we are in right now. We just saw Britt, Nancy Pelosi saying what she really wants is to make all the illegals documented. She wants them. She went on Bill Maher and made this very clear because they're now pushing to help the illegals get homes.


They're, they want the California taxpayers to help illegals get homes, which correct me if I'm wrong, but that could be considered a magnet. Absolutely a magnet. So California legislature in their psychotic pushing of bills that are aimed against California citizens just passed. It's on, it's gonna be on Newsom's desk yet until September 30th. And now to sign it, they passed. Which means that our politicians agreed and said, yes, we think this is a good legal idea to give illegal foreigners an opportunity to a $150,000 taxpayer paid. We paid for it. It's our money.


$150,000 loan that may never need to be paid back. It's the writing is so ambiguous in this law. And here you have Nancy Pelosi asked about it on Bill Maher and she goes so far to not only defend the $150,000 home loans for illegal foreigners, and we can't even afford homes in California as Californian citizens. But she goes on to not only defend that, but then she says, you know, I think that all these undocumented should be documented. The, that literally saying the quiet part out loud. This is how deranged California is. And we spit out insane politicians like Kamala Harris, who is now championing herself as something that she, she never was She'll California, right?


The United States. She sent out the tweet in 2017 saying there there's no such thing as an an illegal undocumented person. Right? She doesn't believe that they've committed any sort of a crime. And indeed there is such a thing. She doesn't, I guess, know that the law does not allow unauthorized entry and If, you cross that border without permission and co just co waltz into the country and try to stay here. You have committed a crime on the subject of her fakeness. Xavier, she does do, I haven't heard the John Wayne yet, but the, she has been busting out the accent depending on who she's talking to. We cut these sound bites the other day and played them and it sounds very different, right?


She's front of a largely black audience in Detroit and she's got, she's dropping the RS at the end of her words and then she goes to Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania and she sounds like her normal self again, here are two examples with those butted sound bites showing the difference. Let's just get through the next 64 days. How about so friends, 64 days until the most election of our lives. You better thank a union member for the five day work week. You better thank a union member for sick leave. Oh my God, you better thank a union member for paid leave. You better Thank a union member for vacation time.


Yes. You may not be a union member, but thank unions for the five day work week. Oh my God, I have secondhand embarrassment For the eight hour work day thank unions for sick leave and paid family leave and vacation time. What do you make of it? You know, I've never seen someone rebrand in every single room quite as well as Kamala Harris. She is going to change her dialogue, her accent, her backstory, it's all going to cater to who she's trying to pander to that day.


And I don't know why she thinks that works. We don't care at this point what you sound like or what your accent is sounding like. We don't need to hear your black cent quote unquote, we wanna know what you're going to do for our economy. We wanna know what you are going to do to actually turn our country around. But instead you want to try to act like this sister girl, auntie Kamala and talk about how you're cooking collard greens like it is insulting to us at this point. I feel like America has moved far beyond being tolerant of all of this pandering, especially after the whole Hillary Clinton debacle. 'cause it reminds me of when Hillary was saying she has hot sauce in her bag because all of a sudden she's this huge Beyonce fan.


It's mortifying, it's, and she's a chameleon. And it reflects in her lack of, but really the policies that she claims to stand behind. Every time she's in a different room, she seems to have a different set of values. And that is continuously exposing itself. Especially because Kamala Harris has social anxiety. I don't think enough people have broken that down. Kamala Harris If, you look at the reports 'cause we all remember how she had over 90% staff turnover and If. you look at what so many of her former staff members said about her is that she's extremely insecure. She would have to do rehearsals anytime that there was a meeting or a dinner or she was supposed to be around someone powerful. She had to do these rehearsals because she does not who she, she does not know who she is and she is insecure.


So what she does is she tries to pander and cater to the audience because she's so desperate for people to like her. And throughout her entire career, that has never been the case because she's a wildly unpopular untalented politician. That's, it's so interesting and, and well said because it's not just her Brit, she's, she's whatever her issue is, got anxiety or just anxiety that she's gonna be exposed as a no nothing. And then you've got her, her running mate who he's just as scared as she is. He also hasn't given any interviews, and I'm sure you saw this the other day, but somebody asked him at the Minnesota State Fair, he was, you know, taking like fun questions about the fair and they asked him about the American hostage and the Israeli hostages who were killed at the hands of Hamas.


And he ran, he ran like a chicken on the farm watch To the six being found. Thanks everybody. He heard it. He said, thanks everybody. He turned and he got the heck out of there. Only later did he then release a paper statement. It was a post on x acknowledging how awful the this murder was of an American hostage. Yeah. Not to mention the five Israelis. So, but he, he, it's shameful. He is a shameful person. He is unfit to be in, in holding public office.


Certainly is unfit to hold the office of vice president of the United States of America. And it's the same thing that he did to the soldiers. He turned his back and left in a crisis moment when he was most needed in that moment at the fair where he's talking about, I don't even know he is talking about a chicken leg or something. Apparently that too is Walls Harris's campaign. Is there a cooking show, food show? That's what they talk about. They still have no policies on their website so he could not be interrupted to talk about a kid, an American citizen who had been held hostage for one year by Hamas and was found brutally murdered with a bullet to the back of his head. He couldn't be bothered.


He wanted to go back to his soft serve. And so he waved him off just like he did to the brothers that he left behind when they went to Afghanistan. He's deplorable. There's no courage and very shameful. There's no courage. That's what's so telling about that clip. Yeah, Xavier, it's, he has, he, he doesn't have the courage to just stand up in the moment. Yeah, I understand. Kamala Harris is the chief messenger on the Harris Walls ticket. However, as a human, you know exactly what to do in that moment. You say, my god, it's awful and I have nothing but empathy and and sympathy in my heart for the families of the victims and I'm keeping them in my prayers today. And that's it. That's all you say. The fact that he was too afraid to even say that shows how unsteady and fearful he is just like his boss.


Absolutely. You couldn't have said it any better. Anyone that is has any kind of American pride or really is just a human being with any sense of emotion would know how to handle that type of situation. But he runs away like a coward because he had to go and get a talking point approved by the administration. And it shows how afraid these people are to stand on any sort of principle or any foundation of values. I am so happy that Trump is going and doing these live interviews and going on podcasts. Like he was just on the Lex Friedman podcast and he is off the cuff, he's being Genucel, he's communicating for over an hour. And I guarantee he didn't have an insane amount of prep because these are principles that he actually stands on. He's able to answer questions.


Kamala and Tim Waltz, they cannot answer questions. They can't remo, they can't show remorse for American citizens that are dying because they're afraid that they're going to make the free Palestine musty terrorist crowd mad. These people are cowardly, they have no core principles and I don't know how more Americans aren't seeing through that If. you, you don't stand for anything. You will fall for everything that, and that's exactly what America will do if we have four more years of Kamala Harris in office, You know, and Bri, the Lex Friedman interview is brave of Trump. This is a very smart guy. Trump's smart too, but you just don't know where he's gonna go. Like they sitting down with somebody who doesn't do nothing but politics all day subjects you to like, oh it could go anywhere. Same with Theo Yvonne.


And here is it just a little bit of how it went when he sat with Lex And there's a lot of people listening to this, myself included, that doesn't think that Kamala is a communist. Well, she's a Marxist. Her, her father's a Marxist. That's right. And she's advocating for, it's A little unusual, you Know, she's advocating for some policies that are towards the direction of democratic socialism, let's say. But there's a lot of people that kind of know the way government works and they say, well none of those policies are going to actually come to reality. It could come to reality. Look, I mean she came out with price control. It's been tried like 121 different times at different places over the years.


And it's never worked once it, it leads to communism, it leads to socialism, it leads to having no food on the shelves and it leads to tremendous inflation. Hmm. Pretty good. Gosh dang. Trump is so good. He's so good there. You, you could not put Kamala in a seat like that unscripted for over, you know, 10 minutes Trump's sitting for hours. Didn't he just do a live stream with another I'm not into the whole live stream, Sean. Yes. He didn't get along with Mic Sean Ryan too. It, you know what that tells me? It tells me that Trump is real. That he knows who he is. If he's willing to sit in a chair unscripted for an hour with someone who's gonna throw any random Gen Z question at him.


And he is fully prepared to just sit there and be who he is. It shows me that he knows who he is. I don't think Kamala Harris knows who she really is. I think that there are handlers behind her who have propped her up for 20 years. The same with walls. And that makes me incredibly nervous to have a leader who does not know who they are and relies on the outsiders who handle them. Speaking of he, he knows who he is. Okay, I've got to get this in. I knew you were coming and we had to do a little culture. 'cause we haven't done any culture at all on the show for a long time because it's been all politics. It's time. Bring it. It's time. Can We please talk about the bachelor contestant who now says he's a woman, which we all know on this show is not possible, sir.


He is claiming that he's a woman, but some believe it's all a big troll. Okay. He has full body tattoos, which he shows off. He has short hair like man hair. He has facial hair. Look at this, look at this guy. It's unbelievable what they can call a woman these days. Josh Cider 37, former bachelorette star. He was on season 11 of the TV show in 2015 from Chicago. And as of this past May claims he's a transgender woman. If, you just substitute fake for trans, you can follow. He's a, he's a trans woman, which means he's fake and he now has revealed he's not on hormone medication and is unsure if he will get surgery.


But we're supposed to be treating him like he's a woman. Here's a little bit of him talking about the dangerous situations he's faced now that, now that he's one of us. Brit sat 34. Hi everyone. I just wanted to talk today about being aware of dangerous situations that women can often find themselves in. Oh my God. Now that I'm a woman, I'm always aware of what's going on around me and when my guard needs to go up. The other day I was working out and the man came up to me and he made a comment about my muscular physique and that just sent shock waves through my body.


Oh gosh, Oh gosh, thinking back to when I used to wanna look like a man and fit into heteronormative expectations for my body. And that's not good. See, if I am in a public space like a park where there's lots of families, traditional families with kids, and they're being overly touchy feely with each other, that can trigger my past trauma from childhood. And I really have to be aware of putting myself into situations like that. What Brit thoughts on that? Oh, you're coming to me hot. Okay. I saw it and I, I fully like believed, he believes he's a woman.


And so I responded to it by just saying like, this is, this is gross and my guard is way up, is what I said. And I actually posted his little video onto my social media and right away people, it was so divided. People were coming in saying he's the greatest troll on earth. And then other people were coming in saying, oh my gosh, he is so deranged. Like this is what he's pushing. It's so sad what happened to him. I watched him when he was on the Bachelor and then someone said something that I thought like it nails it. They said, the fact that people are torn on this underscores the insanity in modern society.


We no longer know if insanity is real or manufactured. And I thought, that's it. That's exactly it. Because how is he any different than Dylan Mulvaney? Dylan Mulvaney did his girls 360 days of girlhood, which could have been the greatest troll on earth. But he was, he was serious. He really thought that he was spending his first year as a girl. So how is it any different? It's, it is so detached from reality and so insane. And I think think that's the feature. It's not the bug. It's meant to completely confuse us. It's meant to make us think, I don't even know what's real or what's not real anymore. So I can't say anything and no, we should, we should keep saying this is insane.


It's insane whether he thinks that he really is a woman or if he is trolling to show how insane it is. Right? It is. It is insane. It's offensive. I, I keep thinking back Xavier to the whole blackface discussion. It's like, okay, everyone always knew, well not always, but in recent history everybody always knew that that minstrel show blackface was a hard, no, very racist. But then some people said, well, you know, putting black makeup on or brown makeup to go out in Halloween, that could be something that's meant to honor somebody that's not as offensive. How is this any different from minstrel show blackface? The whole thing is designed to mock and diminish us.


No actual trans person would look like that or behave like that. He's making a mockery of women and yet we're supposed to sell it. I don't give a shit whether he is trolling or not, I don't think he is. But I, what do I know? I don't know this person at all, but there's a totally different reaction from all those same leftists who like to lecture us normally. So I actually have some insider information on this that I've never said publicly because I've been trying my best to not give this too much attention. But Josh, the time he followed each other for about two years and I have seen his mental health struggles go up and down. Like one day he's super, super pro-Trump. The next day he's feeling like he wants to be liberal because he is, he's bisexual.


So he was kind of going back and forth, but I was following just for the plot because it was entertaining and I'm a little messy. So a few months back he posted this really cryptic message saying goodbye. And I was concerned 'cause I'm like, is he about to like attempt suicide or something? So I messaged him just being like, Hey, just checking. Are you okay? Like, please don't do anything drastic. And he told me that he was fine and that he would reach back out to me in a few days. A few days later he comes out as trans and told me that he was doing an experiment to see or to showcase how the left is way more intolerant than the right. And he actually asked me if I would be willing to be a part of his grand reveal. And I cannot verbally express enough how quickly I close out of that DM because I do not wanna be affiliated associated or entertaining this because it is so disrespectful to women.


And if anybody should be super mad about it, it's the transgender community because he's making them look that much crazier, which I didn't think was possible after Dylan Mulvaney. But all of this, it's, it's a facade. But I will say with his mental health issues that were preexisting, it does seem like a combination of trolling and reality because I do believe this a hundred percent started his trolling. But then at some point I feel like the attention he was getting gave him the validation that he was missing. 'cause he's always looking for attention. And now I think he's going to eventually reveal that he's never been planning to transition. But I do think he is soaking up the embrace he's getting from the woke left because he, he should know good and well by now. No one on the right is going to entertain that insanity.


No. Oh my gosh. Brit, that plot twist. Plot twist. Now we know we have it here on good authority. I have the Receipt. I mean I, all right, I've got 40 seconds left. Britt, in that time there is a pregnant Mrs. America contestant. She made it into the top six. What do you think of it as a former pageant queen? I know, I'm so proud of her and I'm, I'm happy to see womanhood celebrated in this way. You know, womanhood can be shown and showcased in so many different ways, but I love that we have a pregnant mama who's a misses America competing on the stage and just doing her thing with a big old baby bump.


I love it. It gives me a good feeling. I love it. I agree. There's probably a different, you know, chapter of our history where she would've felt pressure to drop out or not have that baby. And to have made this choice and parade your baby bump proudly reminds us. That's actually, there's nothing more. Beautiful. Great to see you both, you guys. Thank you so much. Thank You Megan. A show. I'm exhausted. Are you exhausted from listening? My God, I hope you enjoyed it. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.