
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. The final day of the Democratic National Convention is finally upon us Vice President Kamala Harris's Coronation is nearly complete as we await the big event. There is a fascinating and potentially big development coming on the left. You see, they, well, they are now starting to worry as they should about RFK J and what he's about to do because it looks according to reports like he's about to drop out and endorse Trump.


And while his numbers have shrunk pretty dramatically since Harris became the nominee, instead of Joe Biden, he'd been polling just around double digits. And now he's down more around four in some places, five and some places more like three that could make the difference in the swing states. And one of the people reportedly behind this potential deal is my first guest, my friend Tucker Carlson. He's host of The Tucker. Carlson Show.


I'm a proud American and I believe in not relying on others when it comes to my family. If you're like me, I wanna tell you about my Patriot Supply. Their mega three month emergency food kit comes jam packed with 33 varieties of filling and delicious foods. Not only does that include creamy chicken flavored rice, old fashioned Italian spaghetti and savory cheesy broccoli soup. But you'll also get a bonus protein kit with diced beef, flavorful chicken chunks, and three varieties of beans, plus nine different fruits, veggies, and snacks. All in all, this emergency food kit provides 2,500 calories per day to keep you well fed and ready for anything. If, you wanna protect your family without waiting on handouts, consider my Patriot, Supply and their food that you can depend on for up to 25 years. Think of that, go to prepare with megan.com, and that's M-E-G-Y-N. Prepare with megan.com. Go there right now to save 300 bucks on your mega three month emergency food kit. It ships fast and free. Again, it's prepare with megan.com to save 300 bucks on your kit. Prepare with megan.com.


And before we get to that, I wanna tell you while I have you all that, I'm gonna be joining Tucker on his live tour next month. He's going on tour around the country and he and I will be together in Kansas City, Missouri. So if you're listening to us, any place in the Midwest or beyond If, you wanna get on a bus or a plane or your car and come join us there, we'll be together September 12th at the T-Mobile Center. All right, T-Mobile Center, September 12th, Tucker Carlson, and yours truly, Kansas City, Missouri. You can buy tickets right now at tucker Carlson dot com slash events. And Tucker, this is gonna be super fun. I'm lo I love that you're doing this and getting out there. And thank you so much for inviting me.


Are you kidding? Thank you for doing it. I was th I couldn't believe you agreed. I was thrilled. And I think this is, I mean, it's live events are the mo, as you well know, they're the most fun. 'cause you can see the people and you can feel the energy and it can't be censored. It's just the best. Yeah. Yeah. So, thank You. Exactly. Oh, I can't wait. Okay. So the reports are that you and Don, Jr and maybe one other have been working behind the scenes to convince RFK J that there's no path forward for him in this particular race, which is, I mean, whether you tried that or not, that's appears to be the case and that he should drop out and endorse Donald Trump and potentially get a role in his administration.


He has announced that he is gonna be making an announcement on Friday. And when asked about this, he just refused to confirm or deny for now, but did say, I'm not gonna say anything about Donald Trump when asked to condemn some of Trump's comments on climate change. So what would you like to say about these reports? Well, I mean, I, I definitely didn't broker anything. That's not my role in life. I'm not good at that. I would never, I just wouldn't do it. You know, go to Bobby and say, you know, you can get this and go to Trump and say you should do that. I mean, I, you know, my only role just in general is knowing a lot of people, liking a lot of people.


I always try to connect people just in general. You know, you should meet so and so, you know it. So that, but I'm not a political actor. I'm not good at it. I don't really understand politics. Most of my political predictions are wrong. You know, I stay at 35,000 feet, which is the only place I'm comfortable or competent. And the second, you know, I've been lured into saying, oh, this race in this state is gonna go that way. I get humiliated because I don't really understand it for you. Same. So, no, I didn't, I didn't broker anything. I, I know them both well, and I really like Bobby Kennedy. I always have, I don't agree with him on everything, obviously.


But I like his spirit, which is in inquisitive, pretty honest. I would say actually for a politician, very honest, brave. I have a lot of the, I share a lot of the concerns he's articulated about health and the environment. I really care about the environment. I think climate change is not human caused. I disagree on that. I think that's ridiculous. Actually. I, climate is changing, but we're not doing it. But I'm very concerned about the quality of the air and water and the soil. Very concerned. I think we all should be. And the more you know, the more you are concerned. I'm really concerned by some of the drugs people put in their bodies as a 22 year long sober person.


I really love sobriety. I, you know, went to an AA meeting recently with Bobby Kennedy, had the best time ever. So we have a lot, and, and I, and I'm a sportsman. I love hunting and fishing and so does he. So we have just a lot in common personally. And that's the basis of our friendship and of my affection for him on the political question, I've already said, I have no idea what I'm talking about and I really don't. But this is my one insight, which I do think is true, is I have no idea if he does endorse Trump. And these are two big personalities. So I'll kind of believe it when I see it. But if that happens tomorrow, I think it'll help Trump probably, I don't really know. But I know for a fact that Bobby running third party would hurt Trump because there is a big overlap in their voters.


And it's not on all the issues. They disagree on a bunch of issues, but anyone who thinks the current system is corrupt is gonna, is not voting for Kamala Harris because she is of course the physical embodiment of corruption. And so you're voting for Bobby Kennedy or Donald Trump. That's the bottom line. And so I think if he stayed in the race, it would definitely hurt Trump. That's my analysis. For what it's worth, there's A New York Post report out today. That is it. Well, no, two days ago it hit talking about where, how Bobby Kennedy's affecting this race between Harris and Trump. And it's very telling, they're looking at some, some recent polling and saying that take Arizona Trump leads Kamala Harris by one point in Arizona and Bobby Kennedy there taking 5%.


So I mean, I important enough that he could definitely sway that race in Michigan. Yes. Showing Trump, it's basically tied 45 to 44 Kennedy drawing 4% of the vote. Nevada, another Nailbiter saying Trump leads Harris, they're 43 to 42 6% behind Bobby Kennedy North Carolina 47 to 44 in Trump's favor, 2% backing RFK J. So it is really interesting how tight it is. Pennsylvania Harris reads, leads Trump by two points, and Wisconsin, she leads him by four points, Kennedy's at 4% and 3% respectively.


So this guy, he may not have the votes that he had maybe, you know, six months ago when he was pulling more like 11%, but he truly could swing this election if the people getting ready to vote for him did what he asked them to do and voted for, let's say in this case Trump. Yes, I think that's right. And there's, there's a whole kind of demographic in this country that's meaningful in numbers. And it's non-liberal nature people, kind of old fashioned hippie types. They're not all into neoliberalism, actually. A lot of of them still believe in civil liberties. They appreciate nature. They don't wanna see it despoiled with chemicals.


They don't think Monsantos like a great company necessarily. And they look at Kamala Harris and, and who's not even a real person. I mean, it could be anybody, but they look at that machine financed by the banks and pharma and they think to themselves, you know, I don't have anything in common with these people. And they maybe look at Trump and they're like, who's that guy? He's weird. I don't like him either. But there are a lot of like right wing hippies, actually, particularly in rural areas. They have guns. They, they live in rural areas, of course they use guns. And so I think those are all potential Trump voters. There are some style problems that turn them off to Trump, but they're definitely not on the side of like BlackRock at all.


And Bobby Kennedy and I, I live near a lot of people. I guess I share a lot of their views. So I, I'm f very familiar with this demographic and I think that Bobby Kennedy is a, is a pretty good way in to voting for Trump for them. He has credibility with them and for good reason. I share your concerns about what's happening with the environment and the toxins and you know, the food supply and all that. And I, it's funny, Tucker, you'll laugh because I, I, I, so I recently decided that I was gonna stop getting pedicure. Like I get a pedicure, but I don't get toe polish. I don't get toenail polish. Yeah. And I'm like that, you know, I don't want the to, would you look at me, would you look at the number of toxins I have outta me right now and my hair?


I'm like, not to mention the Botox. I'm like, what a charlottean I am. But you know, it's like around the edge of Tucker. We do what we can to try to minimize the toxins coming in. Well, that's totally right. That is where I draw the line. No, I mean, if I'm being honest, I come from a family like that. Like what's in your toothpaste? What's in your deodorant? I mean, I, you know, I'm 55. I grew up in California in the seventies where people were really concerned about this stuff. A lot of them were kind of dippy liberal people that we made fun of and you know, I still make fun of them. On the other hand, those concerns turned out to be absolutely real. And If, you look at the rates of chronic illness in this country, I mean, it's, it's destroying the country.


Yeah. And I had a conversation last week with a woman called Casey Means, who's a physician. I Saw that. She's call's sister, right? Callie's sister Callie's a friend of mine and a wonderful guy. A wonderful guy. But his sister's one of the most powerful people I've ever interviewed in my, you know, in 33 years of interviewing people, I've met very few people. Like Casey means, first of all, she has the credibility, the authority. She's top of her class at Stanford Medical School. She's a surgeon, okay? Which is the highest level of medicine obviously. And she left it all because she thought the system was so corrupt. But the compelling part of the interview for me was just the litany of health statistics that she threw out there. And the country's actually dying.


And I sense that I've read about it before, but I've never seen those stats collected in one place in the way that she did. And it's an emergency, it's an emergency that I would say supersedes all other emergencies. Sperm counts are down to zero in a lot of men. Like you can't continue the species. So what is causing, this is the obvious question, autism rates outta control to a much higher level than I ever realized. And so for all the people who said, you know, how dare you speculate about what causes autism? Okay, I don't know what causes autism. I will freely concede that. But something is causing autism, actually. It's not just that the measurements have changed and we're counting autism cases. Like no, no. The absolute number of autism cases is to an emergency level.


And that's true for a lot of, of, of chronic conditions and nobody cares. And so I'm just saying as a political matter, there are a lot of people who care. And we put that interview up the other day, it's kind of an obscure topic. It has nothing to do with the election or the Ukraine war or inflation. And the response that we got suggested to me that a lot of people sense this is going on and they want someone to talk about it. And I hope if Bobby endorses Trump and I, of course I hope he does that he'll spend the next couple of months talking about this stuff in public because somebody needs to, This is one of his favorites. I mean, for sure. This is, he's come on the show many times and I've argued with him about why he doesn't pick up my favorite culture issue issues.


And he tells me what his favorite issues are. And that's, that's important too. You know, I mean, what he's pushing, he's right. Nobody else is really talking about. And so that's right. It would be fascinating to see him come into a Trump administration with his unique views and experience. I mean, he made his bones as an environmental lawyer. Yes. And he's a true expert on that stuff. And I think Trump would listen to him on the things that he really is an expert on. And maybe we would have a different approach on some of this stuff. So we'll know soon. I think it would be a great move for him. No, well, we got 24 hours or so to, to figure it out. Okay. I gotta talk to you. So much has happened since you last came on. JD Vance became Trump's running mate, I also heard you had something to do with that.


That is brilliant. And I totally support that move. I know some Republicans are still, they have their noses in a joint, but hopefully they're seeing what a great pick he was. Now when he's so deftly handling the media, he's everywhere. Last night he was in five different networks, you know, and meanwhile, Tim Walz will only go in front of the golden microphone with her, as you say, not even real people. So what do you make though of the media pile on against JD started with an interview he gave to you a couple years ago where with a childish cat lady, right. Comment. Nobody wanted to report the context, you know, a snarky remark, right? But it, you know, we went back and played the whole context of the original remarks that he'd made, what you guys were discussing.


Nobody does that though. So now they've demonized this guy as a woman hater, even though all his major role models and, you know, mentors and the people, the loving people in his life have been women and as just, he hates IVF even though he is on record of saying he's pro IVF, he's against the band. Like all the stuff that they've been doing to him has been particularly nasty. So what do you think of it? Well, I mean, I, the childless cat lady thing I felt bad about. I'm pretty sure I haven't went looked at the tape again, but I'm pretty sure I egged him on to say something like that. And I think it's a mean thing. I, I think I'm responsible for that. And I have a tendency to get way over my skis and get mean, and I regret that, you know, it's very ugly.


And I'm, I'm, I'm ashamed of the many, many times when I've said nasty things like that, I feel sorry for childless people, whether they have cats or not. And I mean, it as someone who has four children who are the root of my happiness, you know, I, I really feel compassion and the whole point, well, the intended point, I may have distorted it in the, you know, getting cable newsy and being nasty to people. But the whole point is we should be encouraging people to experience the things that make them the happiest. And I think any parent will tell you, as hard as it is, having kids like that is one of the main sources of happiness for people from the beginning of time. And if we're discouraging that or making it impossible for people to have kids, that's on us.


That's a major sin. And we should try to make it better. So I just wanna say that, that I felt bad about that. And many other nasty things I've said over the years where I diminish people or make fun of their appearance. That's, that's totally wrong. So I'm sorry, but I would say of JD Vance, it was hilarious because he's so weird. He hates what he is like one of the only politicians I know. And I know a lot of politicians who has a happy normal marriage. He actually cares what his wife thinks. She's his partner, like actual partner. She's very smart and a really nice person, a cool person. And he isn't like a normal happy marriage. If you brought, I've actually been around it in private If. you brought a camera into JD Vance's household, you would see like a husband who loves his wife, a father who loves his children like you really would.


You can't say that for almost any other politician on either side. And I don't want to be mean, I've already said I don't wanna be mean, but like that, that walls guy is a creep. I'm just telling you that as someone who went to boarding school in the eighties, like I know exactly who that guy is. And I'm, I'm sorry, it's just, I, you know, I hope I'm wrong. I don't think I am. And I mean, honestly, Luke Tucker, why, why is he so obsessed with Transing children making it possible for them to sep separate from their parents and have their body parts chopped off? Hello? Yeah. Well I lived in a boys' dorm in a New England boarding school in the 1980s with a lot of guys like Tim Walz. Okay. So I, I saw that guy and I'm like, oh wow. I know exactly. You're a creeper as we used to call him for sure.


And you know, I, I guess I probably shouldn't, I definitely shouldn't s suggest what I'm suggesting with that evidence. I don't have evidence beyond what I've seen. So I just wanna say that I'm probably, again, over my Speech are You mean like a pervert? Like I don't, when you say creepy, creepy guy, I just, There's something wrong with that guy. He's a weirdo. He's a weirdo. And you can tell watching him, and I'm sorry I just lived long enough that I know that your gut level perceptions are rooted in truth. They're not always precisely true. I've gotten many things wrong. Like the details are unknown to me. But I look at that guy and I'm like, you're a weirdo. And everyone's like, no, he's so normal. No, not normal. Sorry. And so, well There's another thing, there's another thing about Tim Walz that hasn't got as much gotten as much airtime. And it's true.


He actually did remove, they were coming up with the Minnesota human rights law and revising it. Renewing it. You know, this class is protected. You can't discriminate against these people and you can't discriminate against gays and lesbians. And the law had said to be clear, pedophiles get no protection under this law. Pedophiles do not fall under the definition of a protected class. And they removed that language. They removed that language under Tim. Walz, yeah. That the pedophiles. So it made it more ambiguous. Now, some of the L-G-B-T-Q community said, well, we removed that because we don't wanna be associated with it. You don't, we don't even need to say that right after you're talking about gay people. Yeah. We shouldn't even be in the same breath as pedophiles But.


it did make it more ambiguous and some objected saying, why would we take this out and make it less clear that we're not trying to protect pedophiles? In any event, it remained out. Tim Walz signed that bill. I'm not saying he's a pedophile, I'm just saying you don't hear about this stuff from the mainstream media 'cause they're so determined. Well, don't to tell us he's our dad. And by the way, what is he doing in a high school setting with children, talking to them about their sex lives? Like that's just prima fascia. Wrong. It's totally wrong. In a healthy society would not tolerate that. You were not allowed to have teachers talking to kids about their sex lives. And I don't care if you're saying, oh, they're bullied, okay. You know, but you're still, adults are not allowed to get involved in the sex lives of children unless they're the parents of those children, period.


He Started the l LGBTQ Alliance school and I disagree with the entire thing, the gay straight alliance. Like are you a anti-gay bigot? Well, of course I'm not an anti-gay bigot. I am just against across the board creepy teachers talking to other people's children about those children's sex lives. That is totally wrong. And that is, I I think that's criminally adjacent actually. I think it's a crime. And I don't think any normal father would put up with that. And you sort of wonder like, where are the dads here saying, you talked to my child about his sex life one more time, I'm gonna, you know, I'm gonna hurt you. That's the healthy response. Like, no, and I've just been around a lot. And again, I went to boarding school, I've seen this stuff that is totally wrong. And who would do that if somebody said to me, you know, there are kids in our school being bullied because of their sex lives.


They'd be like, well, I'm totally opposed to bullying and cruelty and meanness. Yes, but no, I'm not gonna sit around and talk to children about who they have sex with. 'cause that's creepy. It's totally creepy. And no one can say that. Who Wants to introduce that topic to children? I agree. Even in a private setting, it's difficult enough when you have a parental obligation at some point to discuss it in the school setting when it's somebody else's kid. Yes. I mean, it's such a disgusting line to cross. But yes, he's, I totally Agree. And the guy's like, oh no, I'm proud of that. No, you should be ashamed. It should not be allowed. It is the standard now in all schools where the school therapist or the nurse or some creepy football coach like Tim Walz gets to talk to your kids about their sex lives.


And I would just say, no, they're not doing that in Romania. They're not doing that in China, like country. And those are not countries I wanna live in. But they're countries that are rooted in like age old common sense, which is, that crosses a line. That line ends with like If. you allow that line to be crossed. Adults will have sex with kids. Okay. That is true. I'm not accusing Tim Walz of doing that. I have seen that personally, again, being in a boarding school where that happened. You know, I'm just gonna mentor you and talk to you about your sexual identity struggles. And he is end up sleeping with a kid. Like that's why we don't allow that. That's why I would never allow No, there's no question. There's no question. Sexual discussion with children is grooming that.


It, it just is. Yeah, it's true. And I realize they say, oh, they're bullied and we wanna talk to them about It's not for you to do, it's not for you to do. And certainly not at the younger ages. That's for the parents to do, if at all. I mean, like, that's up to a mom and dad to discuss when and in what way those topics are discussed. Exactly. I, this gets me to something that happened when, when Obama was speaking the other night. Now the reason I think, think this is interesting is because Obama is such an elitist, like just prick. He doesn't realize how off-putting this kind of comment is. But I was like, I Love that summary though. That's so good. Just is. And so the, I was jarred by the comment, then you showed up wearing a flannel shirt.


And these two things made me pull this soundbite and it ties in beautifully to the discussion we're having right now. Listen to him, Tim is the kind of person who should be in politics, born in a small town, served his country, taught kids, coached football, took care of his neighbors. He knows who he is and he knows what's important. You can tell those, those flannel shirts he wears don't come from some political consultant. They come from his closet and they have been through some stuff.


They have been through some stuff. It, it's like the, the inability to wrestle with Tim, who Tim Walz is when he is done in policy one and number two. Like look at the flannel. I mean, he is, he is Middle America. All right, look at him. In his flannel it says Obama in his $4,000 suit. It's also silly and superficial. So Obama likes his clothes. Okay, what, you know what I mean? Who let the biggest city in his state burn, whose wife said she enjoyed it and she breathed deeply of the burning rubber, kept the windows open to do it. This, these are, these are sick people.


But more than that, like if that's true, if the Democratic party is the party of working people, then how come none of the working people are voting for Democrats anymore? You know what I mean? They have to vote for Republicans. And by, by the way, I would, from my perspective, they shouldn't have to vote for Republican, Republican party. You know, Mitch McConnell could care less about the opioid crisis. Obviously I don't think the Republicans represent them very well. But the Democrats have such contempt for them, such hatred for them that rural people have had no choice but to vote Republican. I mean, the Democratic party has gone out of its way to hurt them. Actually the white working class, that's just a fact. Put them at the, at the bottom rung of medicine distribution during Covid discriminated against 'em on the basis of, of like healthcare because of their skin color and, and their socioeconomic status.


Like they are truly hated by the Democratic party. And I, you know, I don't know Obama well enough to know what he actually thinks of them, but their policies have really hurt these people. And again, I live in an area that was Democrat because there was milts. And these are not people who wanted to vote Republican. They didn't grow up voting Republican. Their grandparents didn't vote Republican. They're union members and now they're mostly voting republican 'cause they have no choice. So like some lecture about Tim Waltz's wardrobe that, you know, Obama thinks is very snazzy or it's like so stupid Actually. Well maybe he wants him to vote for you too. 'cause you got, you got the checkered flannel. It looks flannel. I I like But. it, it's Just such an absurd, I mean, I grew up in La poa, California in an affluent family.


I never pretend I'm the voice of the working class. I'm the opposite of the, I spent my whole life in DC you know, living in northwest DC in an expensive house and having, you know, lunch with senators every day. So, I mean, I'm hardly a representative of America's, you know, dying working class at all. I just, I, I like the people, I like the country and I'm, I'm just trying to be honest about what I see. I, but the fraudulence there is so transparent. Like who would fall for that? Actually, it's a, Well now, I mean, what they're trying to yeah, style him, as I said into our dad, that was actually, I think a politico tweet Your America's dad. I mean our, it's like, no, we're good.


And they're calling her mom, mama, our dad and our mama. I'm like these democrats like really seriously looking for new parent figures in the absence of good ones of their own, I suppose. And I do wonder like what's wrong with us, because most of us don't need new parents and aren't looking to some politician to step into the breach. And now today's line in the wake of the Tim Wall speeches, he is the definition of the non-toxic male. He's the non, he's the anti you Tucker, he's the anti-Trump, he's the anti JD Vance. He's, he's like the soft man who still coaches football. I'll give you a Dana Bash making this point last night on CNN, But they are doing so in trying to put forward male figures, Tim, Walz being one of them.


Doug Emh last night, who can speak to men out there who might not be the sort of testosterone laden, you know, gun toting kind of guy who wants to listen to Hulk Hogan and the kind of players that came out at the RNC or might wanna listen to that, but also maybe in addition understand that it's okay in 2024 to be a man comfortable in his own skin. What we saw at the Trump convention, which was as you know, somebody, I, I forget exactly who said it. Testosterone with kid rock and the ultimate fighting champion guy.


Yeah, that guy I forgot. And Hulk Hogan, who Dana White and all Remember Hulk Hogan actually ripped off his shirt and he had another shirt underneath, which I think is not exactly what the rip off the shirt thing is supposed to be. But in any case, I digress. What do you make of it? Well, it's just weird to me as someone who spent, you know, almost a decade at CNN, that that's their A team now. It's like sad. You know, really, those, those Dana Bash is like doing political analysis. It's like If, you live long enough. You, you see how absurd things really are as someone who knows Dana Bash. Yeah, but leaving that aside, I, I think they're absolutely right. If, you, you know, If, you want weak men and the angry women around them.


Like that's the party for you for sure. You know, men who hate themselves, but I don't think that most people want that actually. And they've spent 50 years trying to convince us that masculinity is dangerous. And so we live in a world with very little of it. And the society's become much more violent and much more unhappy and much more chaotic. Actually masculinity, like femininity is a product of nature. It's a good thing. We should never be against nature. The natural order. And of course there are horrible men and we violent na you know, all violence basically comes from men. That's bad. But that doesn't mean masculinity is bad. And If, you want know what happens without it. Look around at modern America, it's a miserable country with angry people in it.


And If, you want more of that, you know, vote for Tim. Walz, who I just wanna say once again, I'm totally convinced is creepy. I think I'll be vindicated. You know, I hope I'm wrong, but I think he is. But, but whatever. He's clearly weak. And you, Doug Emh, his daughter, comes out on stage. I, again, I'm trying not to be mean, but like I look at Doug Emh hoff's daughter miserable, covered in tattoos. And I'm like, anyone who has a child like that should not have political power because you've, you've, you've messed up enough. Do, do you know what I mean? You've DI mean like, I do think that your personal life really matters. If. you don't have a spouse who loves and respects you, If. you don't have children who love and respect you. I feel sorry for you, but you definitely can't have control over my life because have not done a good job.


So he's the one, I mean, yes, there's a million articles calling Tim Walz our new dad and saying he's the kind of guy who would fix your flat tire for you. But, but political, the most recent one was about Doug Mh Hoff, that's who it was. And they called him meet the, the, the headline was Meet Doug Emh dad in chief, this guy who cheated on his first wife by banging the nanny, impregnating her. And there was either an abortion or an abandoned child. And they actually want us to swallow him as our dad. You know what? My dad was a good dad who never cheated on my mom, who never impregnated another person who never had an abortion with an affair. I'm like, you go down the line. This is sick. Why are they looking at these men as like their new daddy figures?


Well, because that's the whole program of the party. I mean, the party is the most important thing. That's really the story of Kamala Harris. I don't spend a lot of time beating up on Kamala Harris because I don't think she's a significant figure. She just happened to be there. The, what we've seen over the past six weeks is what actually matters in the Democratic Party, which is not individuals, their charisma, their ideas, their program. It's the party itself. The party itself is more important than any single person in the party. The individual doesn't matter. It's the collective. And that collective in their view, should replace everything else and should be the subject of your first and primary loyalty. In other words, you, you know, your parents violate Covid law, your brother violates Covid law.


You wrap them out to the party, to the state because the party is the most important thing. So of course they think that whoever runs the party should be mom or dad because the party is more important than the church, than the family. To your friendships, to your work. I mean, it's gotta be the center of your loyalty. And this is just the totalitarian worldview. It's, it's always been the same. It was the same in the Soviet era. It was the same during the revolutionary era in France and Spain. And every country that's ever had a revolution, whether it's communist or whatever they call it, the names don't mean anything 'cause it's the same idea. It's the party replaces God and family and personal loyalty.


And so yeah, of course it could be, you know, it doesn't matter who's the head of the party, that person should be dead. And that's why the Democratic party spends so much time trying to destroy all of their preexisting loyalties, primarily the family and the church. That's why they've got a vasectomy lab at the DNC because of course having kids makes you realize like, my kids are more important than anything else, Obviously. And women, women creating and men pring down the street as Mifa Prestone, abortion pills. Literally. Yeah, of course. In costumes that are the abortion film, of course. Oh my God. Yeah. I mean I you, you really realize it's actually been an amazing and instructive experience to watch this and just to watch the last couple of years because they've admitted what's really important.


Like I always thought they were for abortion because I don't know, they felt sorry for the 14 year olds who got raped, which I do too, of course. So I get that But, it had nothing to do with that. They like abortion for its own sake. 'cause it prevents childbirth. 'cause it prevents new life from coming into the world. Therefore it on its own terms, it's a positive good to them. Now you can be as pro-choice as you want and still think that's the most grotesque attitude possible. Like they're just for human sacrifice. They're for killing for its own sake. They're opposed to children. Like, what's the other explanation? Honestly, there there are some, they're not all that way, but there are some. No, no, they're not. And that's why they, that's why they run around with, I'm proud of my abortion.


I love my abortion. And they're touting the fact that they've killed 25 in utero babies just this week alone. They're proud of it. 25 abortions have taken place outside of the D nnc as they're, you know, talking to us about joy. They're literally killing babies outside and then bragging about it. So how is that not a religion? I mean that's a religion that's not a political movement. Obviously nothing to do with politics, actually that's a real, they're worshiping something. They're worshiping the death of human beings. So that's the oldest religion there is actually is the religion that tells you by killing you get joy. I mean that's, I mean this is like age old beginning of recorded history.


Every civilization has practiced human sacrifice, every single one and on every continent. And you can ask yourself like why? What is that exactly? Which is a whole nother conversation. But that's just factually true. And that's what we're seeing here is this is not political, it's religious. Why do you think that in the past week when the Democrats have controlled the airwaves and their ratings have been very good for this democratic national convention, the betting odds on who's gonna win this election have swung 10 points to Donald Trump's favor. Lemme give you the rundown. June 28th post the disastrous debate for Biden.


They showed Trump up 33 points over Joe Biden. This is the betting odds. June 15th after the attempted assassination, Trump up 48 points over Joe Biden July 22nd. The day it be, it became obvious Harris was gonna be subbed in Trump up 26. So he start in a fall, August 16th, which was last Friday, Harris up 8.6, which had been a huge swing in her favor, reflected reflecting what happened in the media and the coronation and her not speaking to anybody. And then in the past week, Trump is now up to a 10 point swing in his favor as she has dominated the airwaves and all the democratic all stars, Tucker, Michelle, Barack, Oprah, Tim, Walz, Nancy.


And the numbers are going like this, at least on the betting odds. It, you know, it's hard to understand the collective wisdom of markets. I often don't understand it. I can only guess. I think those are amazing numbers though. Thank you for reading those. But my sense is that people know this is as good as it's gonna get for the Democratic party. I mean, they literally have control of the airwaves for a full week in a stage managed production, a propaganda show, which is what all conventions are. And it's probably not gonna get better than what it is right now. Like what, what else can they do? Like have more abortions between now and November, like go for 50, you know what I mean?


Like what else is there, there, there isn't actually a program that uplifts or helps people. I do think there's the sense that the economy is in actual peril, that we're just kind of holding it together with masking tape until the inevitable collapse. And what's their answer for that? You know what I mean? Like capital, higher capital gains tax or unrealized gains tax. It's like they're, they don't have an answer actually. They're just putting pressure on Powell. I mean, like our entire economic program in the United States seems to be manipulating the Federal Reserve on interest rates. Like that's it. There's no other answer. And that's obviously in, in inadequate answer. So I mean, that would be my guess that people looking at the fundamentals know that they're out of tricks.


You know, and maybe abortions in the parking lot won't be enough in the end. Yeah, I mean maybe they're starting to feel the economic pain that's hitting the news day by day. Yeah. You saw the report yesterday that were, we, they had to revised the jobs report downward almost 1,000,800, 18,000. They had overstated new jobs created. This is all puffery. And now the truth is coming out. And then the, the, the commerce department head goes on with A, B, C and she gets asked about this downward revision by the Department of Labor. They played her a soundbite of Trump saying there'd been a downward revision of 800,000 plus. And they asked her, you know, how about it lady?


And listen, listen to Gina Raimondo. I'm curious as to your thoughts on today, the Bureau of Labor saying that more than 800,000 fewer jobs were actually created than initially reported. And I will, we have a soundbite here just to play. We can listen to it together because Donald Trump is already addressing this on the campaign trail. So let's take a listen to that one together. The administration padded the numbers with an extra listen to this one, 818,000 jobs that don't exist. So they said they existed and they never did exist. They built them up so that they could say what a wonderful job they're doing.


So when you hear that, do you potentially think that this new numbers could be a liability for this campaign? No. When I hear that, first of all, I don't believe it because I have never heard Donald Trump say anything truthful. It is though from the Bureau of Labor, I don't, I I'm not familiar with that. She's, she's not familiar. Two, two additional points she's been reportedly considered for Treasury secretary in the Kamala Harris Administrator Treasury, this woman who's never heard of the Bureau of Labor report. And that story was ignored by all of the big three media last night on their evening news except A BC gave it 10 seconds.


It's just crazy to me that Gina Raimondo was, who was the governor of Rhode Island, the state I'm I used to live in. I'm pretty familiar with it, that she was rewarded with a cabinet seat after what she did in Rhode Island. Like there's no connection between achievement and advancement anymore. Like the meritocracy really is dead in the United States, which is the core problem. Like a Kamala. Yeah, well, exactly. But Gi Armando was a governor. Like you can tr you know, she did not help Rhode Island at all. And and I think she's smart and she was famously moderate and all this stuff. And like she was pretty promising as a go as a governor. I thought she democrat, I didn't vote for her or anything, but I, you know, she could have made that state much better and she didn't. It got worse. So how the hell did she get in Biden's cabinet, right? First thing, second thing, you know, it's not about Trump notice she just like, oh, he's a liar.


Okay, whatever. But you're lying about basic economic stats and that is really the problem. That's theros problem. If, you can't even trust the numbers coming outta the government. If, if everything is a lie from how Trump almost got assassinated to how Kamala Harris got the nomination to Joe Biden's health, to, to basic numbers on employment or the CPI or whatever. If all the numbers are cooked, if everything is political, then you just don't have a functional society actually at that point. Like I think we're really tampering with the formula here. Like the secret service cannot be a political instrument. Neither can the FBI or DOJ.


No, you can't lie about every fundamental number. Something as simple as how many people have jobs, you, you can't do that or else the whole thing will fall apart, you know, 250 years of effort to build this society and you could lose it If, you do stuff like that and they are, and everyone kind of knows it. It's freaking me out watching this. Mm. You mentioned my FBI, one of the things of course that going back to our earlier discussion, RFK j has been railing about is the, you know, intelligence community and how corrupt he thinks they are. Don Jr was on with Glen Beck yesterday and said he loves the idea of RFK J like as head of CIA or doing something to take apart these organizations and start rebuilding them.


What do you make of that idea? Oh yeah, we like If, you If you Tucker Carlson into ma wave a magic wand and say, this is what I would use RFK J for. What would it be? Well, I'd give him declassification power immediately. I, you know, I don't even know if that's legal under federal law, but I would, I would try to get Congress. You got Magic wand. Oh, I, I would, I look, I I think one of the biggest, I mean I think one of the reasons we have such a corrupt society at this point is because secrecy makes it possible. You know, secrecy is di we know we have no privacy. It's so interesting. We have no privacy. You keep your iPhone in your bedroom and someone can listen to you, you know, talking to your spouse. Okay, no privacy at all. But we have more secrecy than ever.


The people in charge have created a system where nothing they do can ever be evaluated because you're not allowed to know what they're doing in your name with your money. Over a billion classified federal documents. That means by definition it's a corrupt system. So I do think going forward, if we're gonna save the country, fix the system, have a government that we can believe and be proud of sort of anyway, you need to declassify a lot. Beginning with nine 11, like, I'm sorry, everyone attacks the nine 11 conspiracy theories. I have no idea the truth by the way. I'm not suggesting I do, but I do know that 23 years later, if we have, you know, the bulk of the documents still classify the question is why it's not to preserve sources and methods that's not relevant.


It's to protect the guilty. Same with the JFK files, same with the, I was gonna say go further than nine 11, start with J F's. So like there's no justification and people like Pompeo who in my opinion is evil, but you know, we can disagree on that. But Pompeo, it was absolutely part of that. I mean, Pompeo's, the reason the JFK files weren't declassified, the reason we still don't really understand a lot about nine 11 that happened in my lifetime. I had three kids on nine 11. This just happened. Like I have a right to know. This changed our country. How do I not have a right to know what the truth is? And so If, you got someone like Bobby Kennedy in there who, you know, his uncle was definitely murdered with the knowledge of ca i, I can say that conclusively, there are questions about how his father was murdered and by whom, you know, he has a personal sort of mission to declassify the stuff.


And I would love to see that. I think his life would be in peril if he tried that. I think he'd do it anyway, which speaks to his courage. So yeah, I love the idea and of him running CIA or at least having the power to declassify. And last thing I'll say, if Trump gets elected, it's absolutely essential that a tool of permanent Washington doesn't take a job like ccia, a director. Like you need to have someone. Yeah, who cares about the country more than the federal agency. That's absolutely essential. And the people I see in the running for CIA director, you know, some of whom I like, and I I know them all, but you know, they're people who absolutely don't think you have a right to know what your government is doing. Who would continue to hide basic facts.


Mike Pompeo, when he was CI director, plotted an assassination of Julian Assange. That's a fact. He plotted the assassination. Now he's a federal appointee. Julian Assange hadn't even been charged with a crime in the United States. You were not allowed to murder people in my name with my money. That's a crime. Of course he's never gonna be indicted for it. He should be today. He never will be. But we didn't even know that. There's so much stuff that we don't know. We have have a right to know. This is our government. It does not belong to Mike Pompeo or to Joe Biden or Kamala Harris or anybody. It belongs to all of us. That's what democracy is. And if we allow this to continue, then let's just stop calling it democracy.


Let's just call it the autocracy that it demonstrably is. That's, I mean, that's my view. All right, now speaking of Trump, I gotta ask you about him. They almost killed him since the last time you and I spoke on the air. And you did a wonderful job at the Republican National Convention. I said, I said even before you came on that you were the best one. I love that you spoke extemporaneously without notes from the heart. It's so much better than these scripted speeches, which are just so painful to listen to, no matter how compelling the figure is. It's like, just talk to me, talk to me like a human. But most people are incapable of doing it. So hats off. But one of the things you said was that you believe Trump had changed in the wake of that horrible event.


And then Trump got out there himself and said, well here's Trump. Shortly thereafter in slot 17, It'd be nice. They all say, I think he's changed. I think he's changed since two weeks ago. Something affected him. No, I haven't changed. Maybe I've gotten worse actually, because I get angry at the incompetence that I witness every single day. The way millions of people are pouring into our country. What do you make of that? He, he just cracks me up. I mean, I just should say with the caveat that I, I'm charmed by Trump personally.


I like Trump. I can't help myself. He just makes me laugh. You know, I I I would just, I was just noting the obvious, which is you, you can't go through something like that without being changed. I've never been shot. But you know, like every person I've been through, every person who makes it to his or her fifties goes through like unexpected events. Well that was kind of shocking. And at first, you know, you think, well, I'm fine. I'm totally the same person. And then over time you realize, no, that, that really, that changed me. That changed my perceptions of things, my assumptions about things, my reaction to things I'm thinking, thoughts I had never thought before. I mean, it's just, it just kind of inevitable. And you know, nobody could go through that without being changed.


How will he be changed? You know, my sense at the convention, just 'cause I talked to him every day when I was there, was that he was thinking a lot more about eternal questions, which I think is really important for all of us to be brooding on every day personally. But I think he was thinking about that more. How will it change him long term? I don't know. But I can just say again, I've never been shot or anything like that. But every traumatic unexpected thing that's ever happened to me, things I didn't want to happen, including getting fired a bunch, they've all been great. Like they, it's, it's good for you. It's good for you to have your cage rattled. I think it's, it'd been great for me. I can tell you that. Yeah, I mean, I think he's right when it comes to the political fight, right?


It's like how can he be super sweet and nice when they're calling him Hitler? They're calling him a racist every day. A misogynist every day. This is this from the Democratic National Convention. This is from the nice people, the Michelle Obama. Yeah, he's a racist, he's a misogynist. But it's really important to be respectful. Same personal, same speech, right? So I personally don't see how Trump is nice in trying to win the presidency. No one is, this is not a situation where niceness wins. And that leads me to my last question, which is a lot of Republicans are starting to feel a little blue, maybe a less blue today than they were a week ago. 'cause I think you can feel the bloom coming off the Kamala Rose, you know, like, yeah, she was anointed and she was a second coming and now it's kind of like, well, it's not just the betting odds, but the polls are starting to correct too.


And it's a very, very tight race. And you heard Michelle Barack, everybody's starting to say that now, encouraging their base to get out. But for Republicans who are feeling down because they were soaring when he was against the declared democratic nominee, the one who was actually voted on, and now things have shifted. What say you, how do you, how do you see this thing going from over the next 70 days? Well, I, I think the, the outcome is unknown. I mean, I think you summed it up really well. I, you know, you can't know. It is really close. There are all kinds of other factors that, you know, no one wants to talk about, including me. But, you know, you've got a totally different population by over 10 million people from the one you had in 2020. So that's kind of hanging in the air.


Will these non-citizens here legally breaking our laws yet fully federally subsidized, will they be able to vote? You know, I don't know the answer. I certainly hope not. So I, I don't know. I'm, you know, I'm praying for a return to a country that's defined by justice, fairness, and civil liberties. I definitely am praying for that every day. But I, so I don't wanna pass the question, I just dunno the answer. But I would say it's really important to remember as you're outwardly focused, that what matters first and foremost is how the people around you are doing. You know, the people you, you love that you come into contact with every day. If you're blessed enough to have children and a spouse, them, but everyone has relatives, everyone has coworkers, everyone has friends or people they care about.


How are they doing? I do think that's so important. We, we kind of externalize a lot of our lives. Like I meet people all the time who are way more pissed about what's happening politically on both sides than they are about like a nephew who's got a drug addiction or, or whatever, or about a bad marriage that they're in. What matters is how actual people are doing beginning with the people in your orbit. And so I just think in general, it's, especially during election season, it's really important to remember that. And I see political extremists, most of 'em on the left, not entirely, but mostly who externalize to such an extent that they're way more worried about the climate or Donald Trump or Darfur or Palestine than they are about actual people.


And that is a sin. Like we're required to care about actual people beginning with the ones put in our path for a reason. Like people around you for a reason actually. And just remember that. And so before you fret about politics, try and serve someone next to you, not a theoretical person in a far away place, but the kind of annoying, complicated person you're not getting along with right next to you. I gotta leave it at that 'cause we're outta time Tucker. So great to see you and more Youer. Best truly, oh, you are in Kansas City, Missouri. Don't forget there. Don't forget. September 12th T-Mobile Center. Buy tickets now at tucker Carlson dot com slash events and check 'em out tonight.


Live coverage of the dnc tucker Carlson dot com.


Do you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns? Well along with hiring tens of thousands of new agents and field officers this year, the IRS kicked off 2024 by sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled returns or balances owed. Don't waive your rights and speak with 'em on your own. That's a mistake, don't do it. Tax Network USA is a trusted tax relief firm and they've saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients. And they can help you secure the best deal possible. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, they can help you. Whether it's business or personal taxes, even If, you have the means to pay. Or if you're on a fixed income, they can help. Finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. Call them at eight hundred two four five 6,000 1 802 4 5 6,000 or just visit tn usa.com/megan. Don't let the IRS control your life. Empower yourself with tax Network, USA, support, and take charge of your financial future. TN usa.com/megan go there today,


We're gonna spend a little time on last night at the DNC. Joining me now, Monica Crowley. She's host of the Monica Crowley podcast and former Assistant Secretary of the Treasury and Hogan Gidley, former Trump National Press Secretary and Vice Chair of the Center for Election Integrity. Great to have you both here. Thank you so much for coming on. Alright, so Tim Walz was the big keynote speaker last night. I'll give you a little flavor for how he sounded SAT two to kick it off. I wound up teaching social studies and coaching football at Mankato West High School.


Go Scarlets, But. it was those players and my students who inspired me to run for Congress. So there I was a 40 something high school teacher with little kids, zero political experience and no money running in a deep red district. But you know what? Never underestimate a public school teacher. Now What do you guys making of it? Monica, welcome back to the show. Lemme start with you. Hi Megan. It's so good to be back with you and to see my good friend Hogan Gidley on here today. Look, I I my impression last night, first of all, they're taking all of the main speakers and they're pushing them well past 11:00 PM Eastern Time, which is a huge strategic mistake when it comes to communications because you want your main speakers speaking in primetime.


That's number one. Number two, they have taken the most radical vice president in American history and paired her with the most radical choice for her running mate in US history. This is by far the most radical ticket and what they, I think have done a very good job this week is whitewashing both of them. And we'll get more of that tonight with Kamala Harris. But in terms of Tim Walz, it's trying to whitewash his background by trying to portray himself as an average American, an average American dad. Sort of the paternal kind of symbolism that goes along with it. I was a coach, I'm a father, loved my country, et cetera, and that's all to be expected. But it's all sort of wrapped into a bigger narrative.


Meghan, that's wholly untrue when he talks about how he had zero experience in politics and really wanted to run for office. What he doesn't tell you is he actually left his army unit that was being sent to Iraq. He abandoned them because he wanted a political career. There are details like that that are not included and obviously anybody standing before a convention is gonna wanna put the best gloss on themselves. But there are so many missing elements to his story, and I think the American people are gonna learn more and more about Tim Walz and how absolutely radical he is, which makes him the perfect running mate for Kamala Harris But. it has very little to nothing to do with a man he portrayed himself as last night.


You know, Hogan, it was weird for me because I saw him get up there and I saw his kids crying and clapping for him, and it was touching, it was sweet, you know, in the same way I thought it was sweet when Ashley Biden and Joe Biden hugged and he cried when he hugged his daughter. Like those human moments, they do tug at the heartstrings. You'd be inhuman not to feel it. And yet when he started speaking, all I could think was, it's very nice that your children support you, and I'm happy for you that you have this beautiful family. However, you are literally making it as easy as possible for healthy kids to chop off their healthy body parts and sterilize themselves for life away from their loving parents. As your state allows for custodial hearings that yank them out of their loving homes so your Minnesota doctors can chop them up.


I stop feeling warm and fuzzy about that point Y no question. And our friend Michael Knowles, I think characterized it after he went through everything that Tim Walz had done to children in his day and his Minnesota being the windowless white van of the Midwest kind of showcasing all the problems. He's so good. Maybe he giving you the images. It was so funny. But interestingly enough, Kamala Harris wishes she could do all of the things that Tim Walz actually did in Minnesota. So all the radical, you know, check boxes that she talks about, Tim actually did those things in his state and 15 minutes was all we got from him.


I, I I tweeted after, wait, that's it. That that's all we got. Because I kept waiting for him to kinda wrap in all the things they wanted to do or all the ways they were going to improve our lives, or at least promise to. What we didn't hear was this whole notion that his flannel is going to somehow, you know, wrap around the nation and warm us all in our hearts and, and, and do so much good for us this Midwestern values and the thought that he could use his Midwestern bonafide to, to get more votes for her. No one in the Midwest thinks it's okay to mandate putting tampons into boys' bathrooms in high school. No one in the Midwest, which thinks it's okay to use taxpayer dollars to give illegal aliens free healthcare or free college tuition.


No one in the Midwest, they just okay to set up a snitch line during Covid. So If, you see your neighbor doing something outside of their home, call the government. And then on top of that, he sends in the National Guard to shoot paint balls at people standing on their front porch. So all this freedom he's talking about obviously doesn't exist in his state unless you want the freedom to burn down the city, then it's okay because had those people on the front porch with the video we've seen of, of being fired upon by National Guard troops in Minnesota, had those people just wave their heads and said, no, no, we're part of B lm, we're going downtown to burn down the city. They would've said, sure, right this way, go ahead. This whole week is problematic messaging for their side because they are the ones in charge and have been in control of this government now for four years and they act like they can fix it all when they're the ones who broke it.


And if they have the prescriptions to fix it, they're waiting five months to do so while you let the people suffer. The whole thing is a scam. And I think after this is all said and done, it will be a messaging war to the finish and defining who this ticket is the most radical in history. She is more radical than Joe Biden and less likable will incumbent upon the, the Trump campaign to do just that. You know what's so dark is like the whole mind, your own damn business. And by the way, I'm from upstate New York, that's where I spent all of my, you know, formative years in Syracuse and Albany. And it's very Midwestern in, its in its tenor, in its culture. We have a lot in common with our friends in the Midwest. And if, if, if they had any idea in a place like upstate New York that they were, that their government was pushing the kind of things that the Biden Harris administration is pushing and that the Harris Walls administration is gonna push, they would run, run to vote Republican.


One of the things that's gone onto the radar, and it's really bothering me because they're like, mind your own damn business, mind your own. Yes, that does appeal as a message, but what they mean is when I send a boy into your daughter's locker room naked, then, then into her sports so he can win and she can't mind your own damn business, keep your mouth shut. That's none of your business as a parent. Stay out of it. And If, you don't believe me. We talked a lot on this show about Title IX and the crazy revisions that Biden Harris just pushed through and thank God the US Supreme Court has, has stayed them for now because there's been so many legal challenges 'cause it's totally unconstitutional. But at the same time, Monica, what the Biden Harris administration did was they went to the EEOC and they said, for all corporations, you need to make sure that any man who wants to use the women's bathroom at work is able to, and you need to make sure everybody in your office place is using the preferred pronouns of whatever trans person declares themselves to be in your workplace.


So it is mandated government speech, which is totally unconstitutional. And I'll tell you right now, it, I'm my own boss, but if I were ever working in a place where they tried to make me call a man a, a female and refer to him as she her, I wouldn't, and I'd take my case all the way up to the US Supreme Court. But that's the sort of quote, freedom this ticket is talking about. Yeah, and you know what Meghan Orwell really warned about this about a hundred years ago, right? When he wrote Animal Farm in 1984, and he based, those books are warnings. They're Based on the totalitarian systems of Nazi Germany and Soviet Russia. And again, they're meant to be warnings.


They're not meant to be instruction manuals. And yet here we are. So what they do in this Orwellian twist is they completely upend the narrative and they completely upend the language. This is what all dictatorships do. We're in a tyranny right now. I hope everybody really understands what we're up against here. But what you're describing, Megan, is a critical part of it. This has been a rolling works, this revolution for a long time. And the gender agenda that you describe, and I know you feel so passionately about it, like all of us do you have children? So many of us has have kids, grandkids, whatever the case might be. This is a cornerstone of cultural Marxism.


It is about smashing the nuclear family and having the government step in as literally everything. Your family, your job, your community, your spiritual nourishment. That's what it is. But the gender part of this is a critical element of this kind of cultural Marxism. Then they take the language, as you've heard all week, and they got the big slogans, freedom. They are the most anti-free people that we've ever seen at the top of our government. You can call them communists, you can call them Marxists, you can call them globalists, whatever label. The result is the same that they are delivering this kind of Tyra radical system of government and messaging and control over your life to an extent that we have never seen in America.


And I'll tell you this, Megan, this has been going on for almost a century. That this project to infiltrate and undermine and destroy the United States from within. Which is why when you hear people say, this is the most important election of our lifetimes, that's true, but this is why, because everything feels accelerated. That the whole vibe, the whole energy in the country is a, is off. Whether you're believer or not, people like people just sense that something is not right here. And it's because these revolutionaries are in their end game. And because they did their long march through the institutions, which is what the communists called it, not what I call it long march through the institutions, they now control the government, academia, news, media, the culture, movies, television, music, and now big tech, they literally control all of the levers of power and the flow of information.


So when they talk about freedom, they're relying on big tech and the news media and Hollywood to amplify that lie. It's a complete inversion of the language and they're hoping enough people fall for it that will get them across the finish line. Well, we, we have enough, we have examples of this, this every day, Hogan, let me bring it to you just today. We have Judy Woodruff on PBS. This was yesterday. She did it, but it's in the news this morning going out there and actually having the nerve to report on the air that Donald Trump is trying to stop a negotiated ceasefire in Israel in Gaza because he doesn't want a win on the record.


That might help Kamala Harris listen to Judy Woodruff. The reporting is that former President Trump is on the phone with form the, the Prime Minister of Israel urging him not to cut a deal right now because that is, it's believed that would help the Harris campaign. So I don't know where, where that, I don't know who knows whether that will come about or not, but I have to think that the Harris campaign would like for President Biden to, to do what President to do, which is work on that one. Yeah, That was so grossly irresponsible.


It led to Netanyahu's office directly issuing a statement calling that a complete lie. Then she tried to blame it on Axios and Reuters. She comes out in an apology quote unquote yesterday via XI wanna clarify, clarify. No, the words you're looking for is retract, retract and apologize. Not, there's not a clarification that's an as covering word. My remarks on the PBS news special on Monday about the ongoing ceasefire talks in the Middle East, as I said this was, this was not Based on my original reporting. I was referring to reports I had read in Axios and Reuters about former President Trump, Trump having spoken to the Israeli Prime Minister in the live TV moment.


I repeated the story because I hadn't seen later reporting that both sides denied it. If this was a mistake, I apologize for it. But here's the thing, we've gone back, we've tried to find the Axios and Reuters report on which she allegedly based this misinformation and we have been unable to do so. Now, Axios has only an updated report in which they say a call took place between Trump and Netanyahu, and their updated report says Netanyahu office de office denies the call and they actually report. And this thing that the call was intended by Trump to encourage Netanyahu to take the deal. It has exactly the opposite intent and message and substance of what she reported.


Reuters, as far as we can see, only had a report that cited the Axios report, not any of its own original reporting. Now does that mean there never was one and Axios? You know, maybe they, they they clarified and they scrubbed their earlier report. I haven't seen that and I've online directly asked both Axios and Reuters for clarification because if they're to blame, they should raise their hands and say, we, we screwed it up too. So far they haven't. So, but the point is, these mistakes only ever run in one direction, Hogan. And that is to make Donald Trump look bad, Right? I'm so glad you put it that way because we used to always talk about the algorithms and the failures of big tech.


They never cut in favor of our side. It's always against us. Listen, the Biden debate really exposed the media in a way that I don't think they've really been laid this bare in a long time. This is more than a hatred for Donald Trump or a biased against Donald Trump. This is now an investment in Kamala Harris. They're protecting her because they don't want her to be exposed and then they themselves be exposed again for lying about her. Remember, this is the same media that said the Russia collusion was real, that the Hunter Biden laptop and the Ashley Biden diary were fake. The same media that said behind the scenes, Joe Biden's really a triathlete. You just don't see it. Of course, this is the same media that told us, Hey, by the way, Kamala Harris should really be off this ticket.


She's a drag on the ticket. No one likes her. The staffs are at war. They don't, they don't respect her. She berates her staff. She's horrible. Now they're saying she's the best vice president ever and would be the, the best president ever. The media's decline is so obvious because they do things like this all of the time. And I'll give you just one quick story about myself here in Washington DC I got invited to something that they have all the time and I walked in the room and I remember seeing people in the room, a lot of journalists, and one of them was largely responsible for the Russia collusion lie. He was getting backs slapped and handshake sha handshakes all over the room.


And people are looking at me like I'm the jerk. And I'm thinking, this is the guy who did, who took y'all on all the wrong journeys, who gave you all the wrong information that you parroted and now has ruined your reputation. And somehow I'm the one whose persona non grata in the room. Not that I care because it's, you know, the media elite, but the point is the American people are now onto this. That in large part, as I like to say, the media's popularities between Congress and covid because they continue to lie to us all of the time and running with stories like this, they don't care if it's not true, they just want it in the ether so that it's repo reported. Many times it's retweeted and so that, that's what sits in people's mind.


So at the very least it kind of makes those middle of the road voters waver a little bit. Whether they know it's true or not, doesn't matter. And they don't get punished for it. They don't get fired for it, they get awards for it. So there is no incentive to stop that behavior. No, exactly right. And if as long as they're bashing Trump, they're in good standing with their elite cocktail party circles, that's really the only, sure all quote mistakes will be forgiven. All, you know, malpractice as a journalist will be forgiven just as long as it hurt Trump. Your heart was in the right place. There's a Washington Post report out today talking about how we really need to examine Joe Biden's health.


Like he really did need to step down after having seen him on Monday night. The Washington Post editorial board is now seeing the light. Oh really? Now you really are. Okay, because here's what they, here's what they tweeted out. Here it is. Hold on a second. The opinion by the editorial board is Joe Biden's. DNC speech shows the wisdom of him stepping aside. Now they're starting to see it, but here they are. So lies just last month, okay, just last month. Here's, this is June 15th. Cheap fake Biden videos in rapture, right wing media, but deeply mislead. And this, it goes on to read as follows, A particularly effective attack on a political candidate can come in the form of a video snippet that appears to reinforce an existing stereotype.


The social media feed of the RNC regularly churns out misleading clips of President Biden 81 intended to show that he is too old for the job. So misleading. And yet now that he's out and she's doing well in the polls, it's a totally different opinion, Monica, they're, they see it very differently now. He really needed to go, by the way, here's another thing. In May of 2023, they had an opinion piece in WaPo Joe Biden's 80 at his age, should he be running in 2024 by the editorial board? What's the right way to think about his unique situation? First, voters need to maintain a sense of perspective. Don't compare me to the Almighty. He always says, compare me to the alternative.


He is got a point, particularly of the, of the alternative is four more years of Mr. Trump. Mr. Biden's physicians have declared him credibly in good physical and mental shape relative to his years. So we're all good to go. And now today, yeah. And second thought he really needed to go. Yeah, I mean it would be laughable if it weren't so pathetic and frankly dangerous to the health of our republic. Megan, what you just laid out, look, they all knew that he was essentially senile back in 2020. They protected him because of his age and because of Covid they allowed him to run his campaign from the basement.


But you know, here's a bigger point. The imperial media, as President Nixon called them, and I love that phrase, the too imperial media. Yeah, right. With no checks or balances on them. Unlike a presidency, which has a million checks and balances on, on the presidency. But the imperial media has always been biased to the left. The difference in the Trump era is that the level of activism and in intensity has gone off the charts. So whereas they always had an agenda and they always had some bias to them, now they are the enforcement arm of the propaganda of the system. Not just the Democrat party, not just the left, but the system, the security state, law enforcement, et cetera.


You know, sort of the dark shadowy powers that actually run this country. They are the in propaganda enforcement arm for them. So they will flat out lie, they will not pursue stories if they're inconvenient or damaging to their side, to the overall narrative and the overall movement of the country toward this kind of leftist cliff that we're being driven off of. Now, you know, I remember President Nixon, and he was my very first boss in his last years, Megan, and I remember him saying to me, you know, they will, they will try to protect Democrats at, at all costs, but they will never straight up ignore a story. And this was in the context of sort of Bill Clinton and, and the early days of Whitewater and, and before Monica Lewinsky.


And he was saying they'll never ignore a story because they want the ratings, they want the eyeballs, they want their papers being sold. So they'll always in the end go for the story. That's no longer true. They will not do that. They will bury stories we saw with the Russia hooks. They'll amplify lies. They're being fed by the CIA, they're being fed by the FBI and they just take the stories and run with them. They don't question them. And in fact, they're, they're not stupid people. They're activists. So they know very well that what they're being fed is part of a narrative and they don't care. There's no, now there are exceptions to the wall. No. They got so burned by those Hillary emails, they were like, oh, we're never, we're never helping a Republican get elected again.


My heaven forbid. Right? And the points she's making Hogan about the media and the way they're running cover here and talking about this convention, like, oh my god, no fact checking whatsoever. I talked about this yesterday. Those three women who got up there to talk about their, their abortions. And the one girl at the end who was like, I, you know, God lover, she was the victim of incest under Donald Trump. I would've had to have the baby. He's made clear umpteen times that he's in favor of exceptions. He's not even for the early bands that people like DeSantis are pushing. But put that to the side. He's made clear from the beginning, he would always include an exception for rape, incest, or health of the mother, life of the mother. He has said that anyway. No fact check going there.


So the, the reason they're so rabid about protecting her now her and going after Trump is because this is how they think. Listen to Nancy Pelosi, the Trump war room actually just tweeted this out. Listen to her. I can't tell which media outlet she's on here, but we'll see it in the clip. This is the stakes according to Nancy. We have to defeat a person who was a threat to our democracy of the kind that we have not seen at the beginning of, of our country. Thomas Payne said that times have found us five six declare war, establish a new nation. Abraham Lincoln took up that charge to keep our country together years later or decades later.


And now the times have found us to save our democracy. That is what we are here to do. It's a Thomas Payne moment. I, he's the British crown and I guess the Democrats are the revolutionaries. Yeah. Democrats always accuse Republicans of things they themselves are guilty of actually doing. You'll remember the person from the stage, I don't remember what state she's from, I don't remember what office she holds, but I remember they made fun of her 'cause the way she used her tongue during her speech. Lizard tongue speech. Mallory, somebody from Michigan, that's her, there you go. She was saying, can you imagine if Trump gets elected, he's going to, he could use the FBI to go after political opponents.


He could weaponize the DOJ and go after us. And all the tweets were like, who's gonna tell her? Like this is exactly what you guys are doing. Someone like Nancy Pelosi understands that. And as you said, the media doesn't check her. They don't ask a tough question. They don't ask a follow up because they don't care about truth. The in curiosity of the media today is fascinating to me. And I used to be a journalist, I was an anchor and reporter years ago in some small markets around this country. And you know, I was taught by a Marxist atheist professor in college and If, you put an editorialized word in the story, he failed you. There was no question about it because he cared so much about what he would call the sanctity of journalism and the sanctity of the written word.


They don't care about this anymore. When you have politicians like Nancy Pelosi who have now been exposed as frauds themselves, no one's gonna ask her about the stock genius that she is, how she's raking in millions of dollars, suspiciously timing, all of those great stock buys where no one else has that kind of information. This is just another, in a long line of failures by the media and by Democrat politicians. And they won't ever hold the left accountable for it. And I think that's, that's good. Window's so frustrating. It's a good window how they think, like when to hear her say so. It's the will fairy. Lemme you One, lemme give You another crazy pills. Here's another one. Trump had a moment at one of his rally.


He, he did his first outdoor rally. He yesterday since he was shot, which takes guts. I no joke, I would not do it. It's much easier for people to be screened at an indoor arena where the police, the secret service can control who's coming in and who's not. The outdoor rallies are, they are more dangerous. And one of the new security procedures is to put him in front of like a Bulletproof Glass shield. So there's two stories related to this involving the media. Number one, a woman at the rally fainted. She, she was I think suffering from heat exhaustion or something. And Trump left his protected space and went out and gave this woman a hug.


Watch this sot 29 Strong. Oh, a doctor, please. We help Trump tweet help Trump. We, sorry. There's the president in North Carolina. Unreal. Here's the Newsweek tweet on the story. The tweet reads as follows. Donald Trump suddenly stops rally and asks for a doctor, please that clearly they're trying to make it look like he is so old and infirm.


He had a medical incident. It's a total lie. By the way, Kamala Harris also had something like that happen to her at a rally. She did not go and hug the person. She just kept going. And in fact she used it to make a jab on Trump about something else. So that this is the media like, oh, he needs a doctor. Be beware. And here's my second point on it. Buzzfeed thought it was downright hilarious how Trump looked behind the bulletproof glass. These people are sick. Look at this. It's not even correct grammar. This picture of Donald Trump behind Bulletproof Glass is now a unintentionally hilarious new meme.


A unintentionally, okay, Matt, Matt Oppers, you need to go back to English class. That's number one. Then you need to go to journalism class and figure out how to handle, handle the sensitivity of a former president being shot in the head a month ago. It's not a funny meme. And this moron on Buzzfeed tweeted out all these stupid comments are not even clever. I'll give you a couple just so people understand what he was going for. It's how I feel looking out the car window on a rainy day. It's every London shower cubicle one, one use after cleaning the scorpion lollipop I bought in Arizona. This is so stupid and insensitive.


Monica, I know we shouldn't have high standards for the media, but however high they are, they're still coming in under them. However long. Yeah. However, however much you hate the propaganda press, the imperial media, it's not nearly enough. These people are disgusting and in many ways they're unhuman Meghan and Holi Hogan because there's no, like, there's no humanity to what they bring to their coverage. Forget about journalistic principles, that's long gone. But just a basic sense of humanity in covering a person. You don't have to vote for Donald Trump, you don't have to like Donald Trump. But he is a human being. He's a father, he's a grandfather, okay?


He is a man who's trying to do his best to bring his country back. And again, you don't have to agree with him, but the fact that he almost had his brains blown out on live TV five weeks ago and these people can't bring themselves to express a a, you know, they don't even have to be sensitive about it. Just don't cover it at all. But they refuse to do it. There are some of these, some of these same people, Megan are the ones who say, oh, it's too bad that he missed that. The shooter missed that. This is exactly what we're kind of talking about. It's this unhuman mentality that goes along with every batch of revolutionaries that have come down the pike through American history.


Revolutionaries are generally impatient and they're also killers and they like to see their enemies dehumanized, discredited, smeared, attacked, and in some cases dead. And unfortunately Meghan, I think that's where we are. And it's not just on the left, it's shot through the, through the journalistic community where they're expressing this kind of stuff. So they're not even li just liars, which of course they are, but now they've taken it next level where they're actively rooting for a former president, likely next President's death. This is where we are. Totally un Some did openly and, and yeah. You know, all the questions about whether he really took a bullet and I mean that those went on and weren't apologized for.


It's just so dispiriting. Sure guys, I gotta run. Thank you for being here, Monica and Hogan to be continued. We'll, we'll do it again soon. And thanks Mike in one minute. Thanks. We're gonna do the other side. We're gonna come back with Democratic US representative Adam Smith of the great state of Washington. He was one of the brave Democrats to say, I'm sorry, but Joe Biden does need to go. We'll ask him about it next.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


Joining me now, US Congressman Adam Smith, a democrat representing Washington State's ninth District. He is the ranking member of the House Armed Services Committee. Representative Smith, welcome to the show. Can let, let's talk about what happened with the Joe Biden second term and you know, him stepping down because I will say, I noticed you were one of the first and only to come out and say, no, the, these are legitimate concerns and he really does need to step down, which was very gutsy. So what made you do that? Well, my view is that it had to be done. I think it was obvious to me after that debate, and I had concerns before, but those concerns were balanced with the idea that yeah, I think he could probably still do it after the debate.


There was just no question in my mind that he could not effectively deliver the message that my party needed to be delivered in this campaigns. And I also felt very strongly that, that we did have other candidates who could, and that it would, you know, we'd get better and get stronger. And so I didn't really have any hesitation about it 'cause it was just so clear to me that it was the right thing to do for the Democratic party and for the country to have somebody else be the democratic nominee in, in this year's election. And I think that has clearly played out to be the case. There is considerable enthusiasm around Kamala Harris and Tim Walz and I think now, you know, we're gonna have a serious contested election and, and that's what I think the country deserved.


See, I totally agree with you. And even though I understood that it would probably hurt, I've, I've been open about the fact that I'm gonna vote for the Republican ticket this time around, that it would hurt my preferred candidates of choice. I didn't care because he just, it was very obvious. There's no way he could do another four years. But I do have ongoing concerns about whether he can do another five months. And when I look at the schedule he's keeping right now, which is just like a vacation, it's one long vacation. I have ongoing concerns about now through January. Do you? No, I, I really don't. I mean the, the president is, is running the country. I think effectively he's got a good team around him. And look, you know, it certainly If you are president, it'd be great to get out and do, you know, press conferences, talk, talk to people, do rallies maybe.


But the really important job is to make sure you are, you know, working with your national security team obviously is an area I care a great deal about. They are continuing to push to try to get a ceasefire in the Middle East and to stop the war from spreading. We're continuing to support Ukraine. The Theus agreement is moving forward as we try to make sure that we can deter China. So I think the job is getting done. Campaigning is an entirely different thing. It is an exhausting experience that I don't think the president was up to. But yes, I think he can get us through where we at now. I think you're right, another five months, a as president and I see no evidence that the jobs aren't getting done that need to be done.


I hope you're right. But my, my own objection is I don't know who these people are who's running the country, but that's for another day. Let's talk about the Democratic National Convention. Kamala Harris, Tim Walz, she hasn't done any interviews. I mean, when you, when you push for a substitute nominee, did you envision somebody who wouldn't speak to the media at all? Who wouldn't hold a single press conference, who wouldn't give a single interview in now a month's time? And all we have right now is a promise that by the end of the month she will schedule one? Yeah, no, I think she's going to do a lot more interviews and a lot more press conferences. What I don't think people appreciate is how unprecedented this situation is. Even as we sit here today, Kamala Harris has been running for president for almost exactly one month.


Usually when you're out the nominating process, the nominee has been campaigning for 18 months. She had to consolidate the support of the Democratic Party around her in, in, in a record amount of time. And she had to get out there and deliver a message across the country telling people what her vision was. She had to get that right, she had to build her campaign team. So that was not the time to go out and start doing a bunch of interviews and a bunch of press conferences. Now I'll make you a deal, you know, if a month from now it's the case that she hasn't done 'em. Yeah, well, well then, then I think we have something to talk about. But I'm quite confident that as soon as we get out of the convention that she's gonna do the interview, she's gonna do the press conferences and she's gonna do what all presidential candidates do.


And I've, I've seen her do interviews, I've seen her do press conferences, I've seen her give speeches. I think she's gonna handle all of that just fine. Well, I certainly hope you're right. I mean, a month from now we're gonna early voting's already underway, so it's a little late. I mean the people in Pennsylvania who are gonna go to the polls in September 16th, they deserve to hear her pressed cross examined by skeptical reporters who ask her about her flip flops and positions as we've only learned from campaign representatives. What's happening now is not as the Democratic Party likes to say, say democratic is not democratic. Let's talk about some, some other issues that have come up. Tim Walz has been accused of stolen valor by men who have served the country in good faith and put everything on the line for the stars and stripes.


50 of whom just wrote a letter demanding that he admit he lied about his rank and about his, his decision not to go to Iraq, which he made knowing that his unit was about to be deployed. So Should he Yeah, sorry, those, those, Should he come out and apologize. Those are just shameful lies. I mean there's so many aspects of that that are just completely dis And are you speaking against Tim Wallace's lies? No, I am talking about the accusations that are being made against him. They're absolute lies to begin with. That's a lie. You talk about, well I'm getting there. Just gimme a second to begin with, you talk about the 50 people, I think it was 40, but whatever the number was, one of them was Ronnie Jackson who put on the letter that he was a rear admiral.


He was actually busted down to captain for misconduct. So this is the credible source that we're going to, that letter had to be changed. There was also a whole bunch of people that claimed to be retirees from the military who were not. Okay. But we've had guys from Tim Walz, she's unit on the show years like Tom Baron. Yes, I understand that. Speak To speak To that. But what the actual fact, what the actual facts are, he decided to run for congress in February. He got out of the military in May and his unit was called up in July. And I believe didn't deploy until like six months after that. He left the guard unit specifically to run for Congress before the deployment orders came in.


But he So but that they were going But it a lot. No, He didn't know. He knew they were going. That they were going. Yeah, he did. He Are you familiar with the fact that, that Yes. Are you familiar with the fact that there was a senior commanding officer who went on CNN and said that they were told in the fall of 2004 that they were gonna be deployed to Iraq and he had not yet filed papers for Congress. Look, this Incredible level of dishonesty about what he was doing, he's a liar too. He decided to, he, I you you keep putting words in my mouth, which I I respect you, you said these are lies like Supreme Reporter. I I yes. The lies are being told about Tim Balls. He did not get, he did not get out of the National Guard because he didn't want to deploy to claim.


That is an absolute lie. 100%. That's not, that's not what the facts show. But I understand. Well, what record? Agree. So you have him on record somewhere saying, oh my God, I'm going to Iraq, I have to run for Congress. There was, that's senior. What happened? I'll, I'll answer you Sam, I'll answer you. I'll answer you. No, you asked me a question. So let me answer. There's a senior commanding officer who served with Waltz who said they were briefed in the fall of 2004 and told that they were likely to get the deployment notice at any time. Likely Take a listen to 'em, sir. Take a listen to him. People don't really understand the cons or the, the chronological events as they occurred. And, and I'm gonna kinda start back in the fall of 2004 is what we received.


My command commander and myself of the first brigade, 34th infant infantry division brigade combat team, what's called a notification of sourcing, which is a nos. We were informed that we would be alerted to go to Iraq within the next upcoming year or time period out there, start repairing your team from that going forward. We met with the one of the 1 2 5 field artillery. Introduce ourselves, talk to 'em and give 'em a heads up. This is what's happening. We don't know a full particulars, but we will get to it. Right. That 1 2 5 is Wallace's unit. Right? What is 100% a lie is to say that Tim Walz got out of the military so he wouldn't be deployed.


That is an absolute lie. He had served his 20 years, first of all. Well, well, okay, you know, you don't know that. You don't have any evidence of it. So we're just gonna claim that Tim Walz made Decision. No, have plenty of evidence of it out military, they were told in the fall of 2004 they were gonna be deployed and he didn't go. But He had served his 20 years and he made a decision to run for Congress. So you're gonna tell me that He was like, oh my gosh, I'm going to be deployed. I've served, he has an absolute right. At 2020 years in particular, when you've served that much time, understand to retire, understand, listen Your head, your head Democrat on, on, on Armed services. You understand? And I'm really so speak to the upset veterans don't speak to m Kelly. This isn't, this isn't my issue. I don't like it, but it's not me raising it.


It is veterans. You represent them on this committee, they're upset. They say this is completely extraordinary to leave your unit when you know they, they're being deployed Really dishonest. There are a fe Stop saying that they're on the record. You're questioning the honesty now of our men and women in uniform on, on the record, on political risk to themselves. Be respectful Of them. Can the words out here, I am not questioning that. I am questioning the notion that there is all of these people who are questioning it. There are also a ton of people who have served with Tim Walz who have testified to his courage, who have said that's not true. That didn't happen. So yes, there may be a few veterans, I don't know what their motivations are.


I don't know who they are who are saying this. But again, let's just take a step back for one second. The accusation that Tim Walz didn't want to deploy with his unit and that's why he got out. That is simply not what the facts show. All right? That's your opinion. The facts. That's Your opinion. Did we're not gonna, I totally disagree with him. He run for Congress and He served, you already said that served 20 years. Speak to the, using the rank that doesn't belong to him. How about calling himself a retired command sergeant major? Can you defend that Most? Absolutely. He was promoted to be a command sergeant major. So at one point he served in that rank. Now the way it works, which is not something that people aren't familiar with the military would be aware of.


You have to do a little bit more to be able to retire at that rank. Okay? So it is not wrong to say that Tim Walz was a command sergeant major. He was, it is wrong to say that he retired at that rank and that came out a couple of times and they corrected it. Okay. And you can see where, okay, he's both retired and he was a command sergeant major, but he is not a retired command sergeant major. That is true. And I think that is a very innocent mistake that does not show, show any desire To lie about. Do you know? But you know, Congressman, are you aware that he's had veterans going to his office to say, stop doing that.


You were a digital and he did command sergeant. No, he didn't. He blew them off. This is years ago, sir. He did not, he continued saying it over and over. Here he is. Listen to him. This is all long after, let let me, he was told by veterans, stop doing that. It's stolen valor. Listen, here he is. Listen, I'm a Retired command sergeant Major. I spent 24 years in the Army National Guard. So when you first came to Washington, you were a retired command sergeant Major in the Army National Guard. So you were drawn immediately To as a 24 year veteran of the National Guard and the Red Bull Division and a retired command sergeant Major. Yeah. The Harris website had retired Command Sergeant Major.


They had to scrub it all long after veterans had been complaining to him. Yeah. Look, I I I understand this line of attack. Okay? If I had Donald Trump as my nominee, I would be wanting to talk about absolutely anything else possible. So the veterans are But it. Are there politicals But? It is. Well, well there are a whole lot of veterans who are defending Tim. Walz. Do you think they're lying? Do you think they're disd No One's defending the use of a title. He didn't earn who, who's defending the use of a title? He didn't earn? There are a ton of people they're defending the fact that that's not what he did. Okay. And you can have, I just waited for you. They Dispute that there's plenty more. We could be here all Dayton, if I play them all there, there Are a ton of veterans who are standing up for Tim Walz.


So you keep saying, if I disagree with a veteran, then I must be dishonoring their service. That's You're calling them liars. You're calling them liars. That's why you are disagree disagreeing liars. Yes. You, You are disagreeing with a whole bunch of veterans too who stand up Tim Walz. Not sir, not true in all of this. I have no issue with those who say they like Tim Walz and they wanna vote for Tim Walz. That's their business. All of this is distraction. You come in the show and tell these veterans liars or political operatives, we're gonna gonna throw down. I, yeah, okay. That's, it was dishonest of all of these people to say, well, if they wanna say now what you had that one person say, which was, okay, we were given this notification.


We, we had to believe that we were probably going to be deployed at some point in the future. That's not dishonest. A hundred percent not dishonest. But If, you that If You climb, Go ahead. But If you want to climb into Tim Wall's, skin into his brain and say, and If, you are a veteran and you are saying publicly that Tim Walz decided to get out because he didn't wanna go to Iraq. That you are saying something that you cannot possibly know to be true. Well then why doesn't he speak to that? Why doesn't he speak to that? Because these veterans have come out and said, please admit you lied. Speak to it. He won't give an interview. All he keeps saying is, I'm proud of my service. I'm proud of my service. Right Then, then answer that. Well, Megan, oh, show them the dignity, the respect of responding.


Megan, let me just say this. Okay. He has responded on a number of occasions to this. No, he hasn't not. And you, and you and I are trying to have a conversation here, which is not going well at all because I think there are some really important issues. And, and look, there are some legitimate challenges. I think your point about, you know, Kamala Harris needing to do press conferences, doc, that, that's legit. I, I wish we could have a conversation to talk about, you know, what, what is the economic record? What are the economic plans going forward? What is the, the National Security foreign policy, you know, what is the future of democracy in America? I think those are very important issues, but personal attacks like this are just an easier place to go rather than having an honest discussion. And I think that's unfortunate.


I don't think that's Worthy. Well, I I would love to discuss, I mean, back to your, that back, back to your, back to your back to your point about Joe Biden. Okay. Yeah. As I said up front, I wanted to have strong candidates to have a legitimate debate, not to get into these personal attacks and go back and rewrite history about what was in Tim Wall's mind when he decided to run for congress in February. I understand, sir. Okay. And I would love to discuss all those topics with you. And you are welcome to come back any time when we have more time and we'll get into all of those. But I think you're wrong to dismiss these as personal attacks. And you should know that as the chairman, well ranking member of the Armed Services Committee and I hundred percent the veterans of this country take this very seriously.


Indeed. And for the tion and a lot of those, it was not just, it was not just, it was not just Senior Commander Jolene and his allegations about the fall of 20 of 2004. We know that he got a notice in March of 2005 saying they were about to get a deployment notice he didn't retire until May. He knew when he retired, he knew his unit was going. The guys he trained, look, the, the, the guys whose whose lives would be in his, his hands is a hundred percent true. And those guys are on the record saying they felt incredibly bitch trade. So this country, for 24 Years, this guy could be commander in chief. It's, and decided to run for Congress in February. Okay. And that's the decision that he made. And there is no evidence, evidence whatsoever. There is no evidence whatsoever that Tim Walz doesn't have the courage to stand up for his country.


There is no evidence of that. And I think it's a, it is a, it's, it's a, it's a despicable charge to throw at somebody. It just is. Well that's, I'm sorry you think that our servicemen are despicable? I I stand up for them And I don't think that all it's, keep putting words about it is a despicable. Who's making the charge, sir? It is veteran who have served it despicable. It's the guy she didn't cut and run. She's not description. The guys who actually did go, they got the deployment notice and they went and they fought and three of their unit died. Telling those are the ones making the all they did. You wanna by m Kelly? I'm their honor. I Honor their courage. Okay. I do. And I support them. And you, Megan, I like you. You're a good person. You are not the only person standing up for veterans and the people who serve our country. Of course not. I never suggested that one.


I gotta go because the computers gonna cut us off and I don't have you have Goodbye. Say you there. You're their voice. Thank you. Stand up person for coming on to be continued representative. You're welcome back anytime. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear.