(1s):
There are some football feelings. You can only get with Bet m G. M Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The os Oh or the No, no. No. BS. No. It's the feeling That comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling That comes with getting M G M rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook, or betting the over on your favorite team hike the Bet M G M app is the best place to bet on football You only. Get That feeling at bet m G M The Sportsbook, born in Vegas. Now. Live across the DMV. Be m G M And Game Sense. Remind You to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(50s):
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megyn Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show 2024. It's been a truly insane election year. Two different democratic candidates. A Kennedy is supporting the G OP, the Cheneys are supporting the Dems. Two different assassination attempts, at least And. There happens to be a new documentary. That tracks it all. And it do mean up close And personally by following President Donald Trump, And providing access. Few have ever gotten I, mean You will see him like You have not seen him before.

(1m 31s):
It is called the Art of the Surge And. It's available for subscribers on tucker carlson.com. Here is some of the trailer. So we're standing exactly in the path where the president will walk out to the crowd about an hour from Now. And, there's a malfunction with the flag We. Careful the hood's rocking with Trump. Trump's definitely got the black vote back, Making America great again. Donald Trump is the boss. And. When You think you're in control, Donald Trump does something. That says, you're not in control. Do You think Biden, just do this. I. Don't think so. Don't. What is the campaign specifically doing differently? Now.

(2m 11s):
If. There's one word to describe it. It's just execution. Biden's just taken the stage of the debate. The standard is not Are You able to stand up for 90 minutes? I can't even understand him. Right? Now. Trump Is like riding a great racehorse. Right? You, put the blinders on. You, guide him into the corners. And You, let him run. Look at how many people are showing up for a rally. Everyone, please. And, make Sure. You're ready. In 30 seconds, let's go.

(2m 55s):
The president's been I. The president's been Oh. My gosh, I've got chills. Joining me Now, my pal, Tucker Carlson, host of The Tucker Carlson Show, which You can find on all platforms. Don't forget, it's tucker carlson.com to see the Art of the Surge

(3m 16s):
If. You're tired of the same old Coffee from the big mega corporations pushing their woke agendas. Listen up. It's time to take a stand. And support a brand. That truly embodies American values. Blackout Coffee They. Stand with hardworking Americans who believe in family faith. And Freedom They roast some of the most incredible Coffee You will ever taste using only premium grade beans. Roasted And shipped to You within 48 hours. And for the cold Brew fans. Blackout Coffee is excited to announce the launch of their two new ready to drink cold brew Coffee latte options. Don't settle for less. Make the switch to blackout Coffee. Head over to blackout Coffee dot com slash mk Or use the code MK when you're checking out to get 20% off your first order. That's blackout Coffee dot com slash mk. Or just use That code MK on checkout. Join the movement. Taste the difference. Remember, with every sip, You are supporting a brand. That stands for America. Be awake not woke.

(4m 13s):
Tucker, great to see You. Well done. Thank You Megan I mean. There's so much And. Thanks for having me. There's so much pageantry with Trump I mean not just the public events. But like at dinner And meetings. I mean everything is a show. And I. Guess You either Appreciate it or You don't But. Those of us who do appreciate it. Just almost like on an aesthetic level. Yeah, it's, it's cool to see it I mean it, it doesn't stop I mean. obviously, they spent a lot of time with Trump And You know this. But it. It's, it's kind of the same backstage as it is on stage. And. To see it all laid out like this You know over a period of months is, it's, it's pretty cool. I think, Well, it's amazing because You And, your Fox Ep, Justin Wells embark on this project in June.

(4m 58s):
And. You're not thinking you're gonna have the kind of summer That We had. I mean how just You possibly have been envisioning anything That happened. And, yet You know you're up close. And personal for the most bizarre, compelling, interesting consequential election in US history. At least one of 'em. Modern history I think it's fair to say, especially That debate in which Biden collapsed. And the assassination attempt. The one where he was shot I, mean You, You And. Justin had to be behind the scenes like Oh. My God. What? Oh. Wow. Well, it was unbelievable. I mean I. I was not There for, for the debate.

(5m 40s):
I mean I really wasn't There for much of it at all. But, the camera was there. I my personal favorite so far. So we've got three episodes up. I. Think I've got four And. Five are coming And it goes to six. But is the reaction shot Backstage during the debate of all the You know VIPs who've been accompanying Trump members of Congress watching Joe Biden meltdown on stage. And. These are people who do politics for a living. And know Biden personally. And are sort of like have what They think is gonna happen in mind. And, what actually happens is so shocking to them. That. It's truly unscripted. Like You just can't.

(6m 20s):
They're sitting there with just jaws a gap. They can't believe this guy is melting down the way That he is. Yeah. It's really an amazing We. Have it But the whole thing. I mean you're open. Open. Let's watch a little bit of it. Because, because it it is, it is amazing. Like You, when I watched it And it And it had the same reaction. Of course, We were all having the same reaction in our homes. But to see Team Trump, And, others backstage watching it as We did is something else entirely. Watch it. Here it is. It does not sound Good. Right? Now. So make Sure reduce the price to $15 for, for a insulin shot as opposed to $400. No senior has to pay more than $200 for any drug.

(7m 1s):
All the drugs They just include beginning next year his debt. We'll be able to help make Sure, That, all those things We need to do. Childcare over care making Sure, That, We continue to suppress in our healthcare system. Making Sure That, we're able to make every single solitary person eligible for what I've been able to do with the, with, with, with the Covid, excuse me. With dealing with everything We have to do with Look. If. We finally beat Medicare. Thank You President Biden. President Trump Oh m G.

(7m 42s):
It's so crazy. If You saw That live as Everyone did. You think, well, is it just me or was That the most profound failure like ever captured on film And. Then You watch people who do this for a living. Lindsey Graham, Tim Scott, JD Vance, Yes, Laura Trump, And. They're Like Ben Carson They. Stop Ben Carson. He stops in mid, mid bite looking at this I I I just love That And. There's a lot. Laura Trump But I looks for us all when she goes, she mals WTF. Like that's what We all felt Oh. She I like her. But it as You said in your open so nicely, it was But You said, this is a year where a Kennedy has endorsed Trump And.

(8m 25s):
Dick Cheney is endorsed. Kamala Harris I mean That just kind of sums it up right there. Not just the obvious drama. The Meltdown Biden dropping out the assassination attempts on Donald Trump. But just the total realignment in the most obvious, undeniable way of American politics. Where Bobby Kennedy is on the campaign trail for Donald Trump. And Dick Cheney, And, his daughter are working for Kamala Harris. I mean like who, who just have predicted That? Nobody I know, right? And it mean what Better recommendation for Trump And not for Kamala than to see the Yeah. See the world divide in That way. I mean it's, it is kind of amazing. I know. Is it not Tucker to see them. The Cheneys Now be lionized by this Democrat party. And it know I mean.

(9m 6s):
It's so dishonest. At least she was asked, Kamala was asked, who was it? Who was, it was asked about the Liz Cheney endorsement on, on Meet the Press. It was, who was it? Who was it Steve? Who was asked about it? The Liz Cheney endorsement. It was Kristen Welker But. In any event, it's like Oh. She was asking Liz Cheney. That's what it was. She had Liz Cheney just the other day. And. She's like, You know You said a lot of terrible things about Kamala just a few short years ago. You know people might be left with the impression you're kind of insincere, right? That's not really gonna be the takeaway. But, does the Liz Cheney, Dick Cheney combo change the calculation here?

(9m 47s):
Well, I mean it just puts it into stark relief. As You just said. Correctly I, think And. It also raises questions for me personally, as someone who defended Dick Cheney for I don't know, like 25 years in public And always got the sense, maybe there's something wrong with Dick Cheney And. Why would You be so enthusiastic about shooting down a civilian airliner as he famously was on nine 11 And You know just the cost of these wars in human life was so high. Doesn't That bother You? And? it kind of pushed all those thoughts into the back of my mind. And didn't deal with them. But, They always did bother me on a gut level. And it asked the other night, I was with Russell brand, who I, who I love And. it said to him, You know You kind of called this early. What about Dick Cheney made You uncomfortable 20 years ago?

(10m 29s):
That I missed And. He just said he just seemed a bit evil. You know that's, that's kind of true And. it just felt shame for ignoring That. I mean. It's just, it's not a, it's like Mr. Burns from The Simpsons with Dick Cheney. It's like not a, a tough call. You don't need to be super spiritually aware to get an evil whiff whiff off Dick Cheney. And it just refuse to see it. And. So I just wanna apologize for That. Well, I mean I don't know how well this is going to do for her. She's got some 9% reportedly of Republican vote. Like some sort of share or of Republicans is gonna go for Kamala Harris But are these real Republicans. And. These are probably the Nicole Wallace's, the Joe Scarboroughs You know for Sure of the world.

(11m 12s):
These are not actual Republicans. I C like I, predict And. it think you'll agree with me. Notwithstanding the number of Republicans, even That work for Trump. That are Now endorsing Kamala. The Republican party will come home to Trump just as it did in 16 And 20 I. Think I. Think that's right. I I. Think I mean. Certainly Republican voters are foursquare behind Trump And And. By the way, They know Trump And They know all of his shortcomings very, very well. They know them really well. In the same way You do of like You know your favorite cousin. It doesn't mean You. Don't love your cousin. But You know exactly. Your cousin is They. Know who Trump is. They're not diluted They. Don't think he's God But. He They. Do think he's the one politician, doesn't hate them. And. That's the basis of of their requited love for him.

(11m 52s):
But. What's interesting is, is That I think a huge percentage of the Republican leadership in Washington is gonna vote for Kamala Harris. Whether They say so or not. Mitch McConnell's voting Kamala Harris I mean. There's just no question about it. The Bushes You think are voting. Kamala Harris Oh for Sure are You kidding? Absolutely. Wow. I guess I bet money on it. Yeah. And, But I. Just think there are a lot of Republican senators, for example, whose beliefs are much closer to Kamala Harris's than They are to Trump's or to the Republican electorate. And. Well, That, that's what Liz Cheney was saying when trying to ju justify herself. Yeah, I'll play the soundbite. When she went on with Kirsten Walker sat 73 Back in 2020. You said Kamala Harris when she was announced as President Biden's running mate You called her a radical liberal, whose policies quote are completely inconsistent with what most Americans believe in And Stand for.

(12m 42s):
I know That You don't view this as a policy election. You've been very clear about That. But are There policies. That Kamala Harris supports That. You also back Absolutely And. I would say the extent to which You know she And. it certainly have had our disagreements. But. When You look at the whole range of issues, for example, with respect to support for Ukraine. With respect to the fact That You know she is saying That, the United States has to lead in the world. Donald Trump is embracing tyrants. Do You regret any of the language? That. You used to describe Harrison Biden at the time. They would dismantle our freedom, destroy our history, the type of language we're using Now about Donald Trump. Look, I think certainly those were were harsh things.

(13m 24s):
That I said I I. Think That They reflect. Absolutely That We had a policy disagreement on a series of issues. But I also think that's why it's so important for people to to focus on the fact That I am supporting her. Now. You nailed it. Yeah. I mean she doesn't care about any of That stuff. I mean she's her behavior on the, on the January 6th Commission shows she doesn't care about your freedoms. obviously. She put innocent people, allowed them to go to jail. And suppressed information. That was exculpatory. That's she did That. So she's on Kamala Harris's page with That. The truth is, it's about control. That's it. Kamala Harris is a blank slate. She doesn't care. She's policy agnostic.

(14m 4s):
She's what she needs to be I. Don't think she's a radical anything other than an opportunist. And. Everyone in Washington senses That. Can You control her. Of course, her boss s Now can You control him. Yes Donald Trump, who's not some right winger, by the way at all. He is on the moderate side of the spectrum. On policy is not controllable by anybody. And. That's either good or bad. You know, depending on your perspective. But If, You seek to control politicians, which is what Liz Cheney's business really is. And Dick Cheney's business really is. It's not gonna work with Trump. So that's why They hate him. That's why They embraced Kamala. That's why They embraced her boss Joe Biden, because they're weak. That's the point. They're weak.

(14m 44s):
It is not about an individual issue. Kamala Harris will be whatever she needs to be. I'm not attacking her, by the way. It's a pretty good strategy. If You know for advancement, for a, for a low skilled person to rise to where she has not easy And. She's done it on the basis of, of moral flexibility. And, And, Trump just doesn't have That. Like Trump will make an agreement. You know You can blackmail. Trump You know You gotta do this. And But, there's no guarantee. That. He won't just blurt out in the I, mean I. Remember in the debates in 2016, he gets attacked for knowing Hillary Clinton And. He is like, yeah, well, They actually, You know paid me money to go to a wedding. So I went. I mean. He just sort of set You know. He breaks the fourth wall. He says the quiet part out loud. That is such a threat to a corrupt system.

(15m 26s):
That's the, that's the point. It's not That. He's You know, gonna bring fascism or destroy democracy. It's the opposite. He might accidentally tell the truth. And, They have to stop him before he does. Well, You didn't pay taxes. That makes me smart. I'm smart. Like That was so smart. It wound up in a Dave Chappelle skit, honoring him for being You. Know this guy who actually did resonate with people sitting at home like finally somebody who's who tells it like it is. Well, exactly. And it You put enough pressure on Trump. He might intentionally or not. Just say so. Like You know. Well, Donald Trump You changed your view on this. Why? Well, because They threatened me. He might say That You know Kamala Harris will go to her grave with all of That stuff.

(16m 12s):
Hidden And. So that's why They like Kamala Harris, And And Liz Cheney is telling the truth when she says it's not about policy. It's not about an individual policy. It's about all policies. And, of course, what the Chinese And permanent Washington really cares about is war because it's the ultimate exercise of power killing people. And. It's where the money is the Only thing she mentioned. So it's the only thing she cares about. Trust me, I know her Well, And, that's the only thing she cares about. And back when she And her dad And the many like them ran the Republican party. You know They. They dressed it up as we're strong. You know on defense, or we're keeping the world safe. Well, of course they've made the world much more chaotic. And infinitely more dangerous. We're in the brink of nuclear war, right?

(16m 52s):
Now because of their policies, And their quote, leadership. So it doesn't make anybody safe. It imperils everybody, including our children. And, the, the, the, the gig is up for them. They just no longer pretend. People on both sides are sick of pointless. Forever wars. I mean I. I do think that's really obvious. People are are sick of it. Yeah. And And. She's mad. That. They're sick of it. But You know it didn't work. This is such an interesting way, And. it always I. Always learn something. Talking to You Tucker You always gave a different way of thinking about issues because I've been saying she's a moron. Which I do think she's a moron. I, stand by. That, But. Yes. When I watch these completely empty soundbites, I think it's because she's dumb.

(17m 31s):
And. She doesn't know anything. And. She's incapable of doing anything more. and your words blank slate, kind of come at it from a different way. That That, she's intentionally being vague all the time because that's what makes her saleable to the her party bosses who have chosen her And, who are trying to elevate her to advance their own agenda. Yes, in the case of Cheney, And so many others, it is Wars. The military industrial complex. And. That is a different way of looking at, I'll play the soundbite. We played it a couple days ago. But, this one just is so perfect. It just encapsulates everything. That I can't stand about how she answers questions. I'm gonna look at this with a new pair of eyes. Just blank slate as as opposed to just utter moron.

(18m 13s):
Let's watch it. How do We, how do We get here? You smell good. You look great. Oh. That's better than smelling bad. Thank You. I Know You smell great. You look great. I. You. Do You feel great? It has been a whirlwind for You. I. Feel good? You know. Listen, We have 23 days as of today until the election And it am in these streets traveling, And, talking with folks. And, I'm out here doing the work of earning then the vote. So That We can get to the job of continuing to move forward. And for me, That is about pushing for an opportunity economy, which is about Oh boy. Tapping into the ambitions. And the aspirations of those Oh I.

(18m 55s):
Know the ambitions, the aspirations, the incredible work ethic That exist in our community. I know the dreams. That exist But. Not everyone has started out on the same base in terms of being able to realize their goals, And their dreams. So my plan is to build what I call an opportunity economy. Which means giving people an opportunity to actually achieve those ambitions, those goals And those dreams. She said nothing. Yeah, which isn't easy, by the way. It's not easy to say nothing.

(19m 36s):
It's not easy to be Kamala Harris. It's not easy. Everything about her from her first name, which she's pronounced various different ways. She isn't pronounced her own first name consistently. To her accent, which is of course an affect. She grew up in Canada. She's Canadian. And a right. She went to high school in in Montreal, Canada. She didn't grow up in Baltimore. That's completely fake accent. Daughter of college professors to everything. That, she believes, which is essentially nothing And to, to play That role over so many years with nothing inside is not an easy thing. I don't think she's stupid. I. Think there are different kinds of intelligence. I think she's a high feral intelligence. And, animal intelligence, which is a really useful thing.

(20m 16s):
I, wish I had more of it myself. I mean That. But. She's just pure ambition. And. She'll be what she needs to be. But. When I watch That as every time I watch her I get the same vibe, which is fear. She's afraid. And, of course, she's afraid. 'cause she doesn't believe anything. When You know. When You believe what You believe, And it. You have limits to what you'll say, to how dishonest you'll be. There's a kind of freedom in That. Like, I'm not gonna do That, period. I've already decided You know. All of us kind of go through this But. There's the rare person, not so rare in politics, unfortunately. She's one of them who doesn't have any limits at all. All And. 'cause like whatever it takes, whatever I have to say, whatever I have to pretend to believe I will And again. That's a skill. And. That's how she leveraged a career with no achievement at all.

(20m 58s):
No obvious skills of any kind to the place where she just be president of the United States. Like try That at home. That's hard. So I do give her credit for That. I I think it's a, it's been a really difficult, super unpleasant joyless journey with no real personal relationships. A husband who she kisses with a mask on, like, imagine living That life. Seriously? I can't imagine anything worse than That. Well, that's, That's the least of the problems with the husband. I mean the husband's. The husband's got serious issues, which honestly, it's driving me insane. just can ask You what knows? Can I ask You? Think of That. Yeah, I believe every word of it. Of the Mh stories. Yeah. I do too. Yeah. So first of all, We know That. He cheated on the first wife. And impregnated the child's nanny. So it's bad enough to cheat on your wife.

(21m 40s):
Then You cheat with the child's nanny. So you're in, you're jeopardizing an important relationship in the child's life, right? Like presumably. Yeah, the, the nanny matters to the child. And, you're about to blow up your marriage. So some stability with the caretaker would be nice. But, you're screwing That up too, because you're screwing the nanny. Then he impregnates her. Then on top of That, the Daily mail, all which he's admitted That. He's admitted That. Then on top of That, the Daily Mail comes out with a second report saying he bragged to his next girlfriend, That. He made the nanny signed an N. DA And paid her $80,000 to stay quiet because And, or at least in in connection with this, she lost the baby in under circumstances That.

(22m 22s):
She blames him for We. Don't know exactly what happened. But. The Daily Mail reports That. There was an emergency at the nanny's home. That EMTs were called And That. It was a serious emergency. And. After this, she blames him for losing the baby That. He impregnated her with. This is all on behind the back of the first wife. So then in That second report, the Daily Mail reveals this. He hasn't admitted to That. He found a girlfriend in 2012, like 18 months before he met Kamala. And. They were at Con They, were in Con France at some red carpet, black tie event. And for AIDS to raise money for AIDS research. She's a, she's a gunner.

(23m 3s):
This woman. She, she's a professional. She's a lawyer. She's beautiful. They. Were dating for a short time. She brings him out there. And That. He was so angry. She touched the shoulder of a valet to get his attention. So she get a taxi. He open hand, slapped her so hard across the face. She spun, she stumbled. She got into a taxi. 'cause Now, she's scared. He forced his way in. She was so scared the F of the beating continuing. She called her male friend back in New York to get him on the phone. So That, he couldn't do anything to her. Now, she's got an ear witness. That guy spoke to the Daily Mail, as did two of her other friends, at least one of whom was able to give a contemporaneous account of what she was told. The second one came a year later, I, think And.

(23m 46s):
This woman broke up with him. And provided receipts. obviously That came from the woman. How else would the friends have her airline tickets? And. That. He denies only through a campaign spokesperson person in passive terms. So I, do I mean he's denied it. I believe every word because You know what would happen. Tucker, you're a public figure. If, somebody came out And said Tucker Carlson beat the girlfriend he had before he married. Susie You would very easily produce said girlfriend to say of this is a vicious lie. I love Tucker. It ended But we're friends. Or it ended badly. But. He never hit me. Where is she? If. It didn't happen. And. He said. Three interviews so far, including with MS, N b C, which supposed to be a news organization. No one has asked a question about it.

(24m 32s):
How? How I I don't understand That. How can You not ask about That? I mean it's, I'm not surprised at all because he's a self-described feminist who's redefining masculinity. And. People like That always hate women. It's the beta males. You gotta watch out for They will mistreat You. They have no self-respect And. Anyone who doesn't respect himself is definitely not gonna respect You. That's for certain They always lash out. I, I'm a man. I've seen this dynamic a lot. It was always You. Know the peace, love, patchouli guys in college who would rough up their girlfriends fact. No, for real, And. So That doesn't, it doesn't shock me. What shocks me is That Joe Scarborough. just do an interview with him. And, literally not mention it.

(25m 13s):
I I. Just think there's no kind of depth to their shame either. Like these are the same people who told us That Biden was a genius, not senile at all. And That. It was a cheap fake You. Know the evidence to the contrary, And That, all of us were right-wing extremists for suggesting Biden was senile until the day That They all as one told us he was in fact, senile And had to step down like they're exposed Liars, They have no shame. But, it still shocks me. Oh, Speaking of no shame, so Now Kamala struggling in the polls mightily is out there actually trying to make an issue of Trump's medical records, suggesting he's old And. He hasn't produced all of his medical records.

(25m 54s):
And. Therefore, what do We know what we're getting? You know. Do We have somebody who's really together? He doesn't seem Okay of all people. Tucker I mean the the nerve. It's it's flabbergasting. Yeah, But. That's always the way. They always accuse You of exactly what they're doing. I mean They literally will build wind farms to kill endangered species. Whether in the sea whale, right whales or California condors, And then yell at You about how You don't care about the environment. You're not worried enough about carbon You know dioxide emissions or because You know you've got a wood stove or a suburban But. They're flying private And lecturing.

(26m 35s):
So it's, this is like, yeah, the main way They communicate, which is by transferring their guilt onto the innocent But. It's every time I agree with You You it, it shocks me anyway. On That front, I Dunno. If You saw the other day. Chris Ruffo dropped a bomb on the Kamala Harris campaign. 'cause he found she plagiarized multiple times in her book That, she released years ago to try to seem like a tough on crime. Prosecutor And, surprise, surprise. She And her ghost writer, And We don't know who wrote what But. Ultimately it's her book. It's her name. She promoted it And. She hasn't disavow it is repeatedly plagiarizing other people's work without attribution And. So what do We get? Do We get the rest of the media saying, well, this is serious You know We have to apply the same standard to hers.

(27m 17s):
We do across the board. Didn't They try to have Kelly Ann Conway or not Kelly Ann Conway. Monica Crowley, our friend booted from the Trump administration because They said she plagiarized a couple lines here or there, which she denied. Okay with Kamala Harris. Totally different story. This is a, this is, it's a nothing Burger And, the headline truly was like conservative activist seizes on some sort of minor dust up about her book. It, it, it was a way They just say they'd cover it. They'd covered it without actually covering it. And They spend the entire body of the piece trying to minimize the controversy. Misrepresent what Ruo actually broke. Say he only found a couple of instances, 500 words, where in fact he had found thousands, And, thousands of words.

(28m 1s):
I mean you're not surprised, But. It's just another example of the double standard. Well, You're the criminal for noticing how dare You notice what I'm doing. I mean. It is, it's just, it's just a different level of lying. I mean We all lie And. it hate lying. And. it don't wanna lie. But, I. Guess If. You caught me doing something super embarrassing. I would lie about it. I wouldn't want to But. I would But. What I wouldn't do is accuse You of doing the thing. You caught me doing. I would never do That because that's E. That's completely evil. It's, that's not ordinary lying And. That's pathological. Do You know what I mean? Like You You know You catch me beating a woman in the face like Doug Moff apparently just been caught doing That assaulting a woman in the face.

(28m 41s):
By the way, who'd had a woman in the face? I don't even know anyone. That Who face thank You. Honestly, I mean I know some pretty sick people. I lived in Washington my whole life. I've been in the media since 1991. And with the exception of a few. Joe Scarborough or what I mean. You know But I just don't know anyone who's capable of That. That's a really weird behavior in my opinion. So what, what is, what is his response to lecture You about how You don't care about women's rights? You don't care about women. Really? I'm not the one who, who was like busted hitting a woman in the face. It's like crazy behavior. Not normal. Yeah, no, it's not normal at all. Well, this is what we're about to elect into our White House potentially.

(29m 22s):
Although what do You think? I don't think it's going well. I know You don't I don't picture You as a day today. Poll. Consumer But. it doesn't seem to be going very well. Otherwise she wouldn't be going on Fox News. And. Maybe, maybe even Rogan. Yeah, right? I mean it's funny. I just, I just was reading this. They're talking to Rogan's people. Well, I mean I. I don't know That Rogan. Does Rogan have people? Not That, I'm aware, right? I. Think You just text Rogan, right? So I don't think there's like a, an army of people between Kamala, Harris's appearance, And like You know going to Austin And sitting with Rogan And. it think she just probably pull That off this afternoon just by getting on a plane. I. Don't think it's hard.

(30m 3s):
And. There's I. I. Don't think I'm not good at predictions. Try not to make him But I. Think there's roughly a 0% chance she goes on Joe Rogan in That Range. I mean interesting. I don't know the name of the guy who was just interviewing her. Who's asking her not even questions, just being like, Oh, you're so beautiful. Is it hard being so beautiful? And, You, smell good That guy. She looked afraid in That interview. Literally started. Can You imagine sitting down with Rogan? I mean Rogan being like You know? Like, what, what's your position on speech? I mean? There's no for three hours. I. I don't think there's any possibility. She doesn't. Of course, I pray That. She does I think the rest of us deserve That. And. By the way, maybe she's amazing. Maybe at the end of three hours, I wanna vote for her.

(30m 45s):
I mean I. Don't know. I'm trying to be open-minded here. But, don't voters deserve a chance, especially with the candidate who's never been elected to the position she holds, which is nominee. Don't We deserve a chance to hear her talk for three hours? I mean once But I don't think I'm Sure my tender heart. just take That Tucker I. Don't. I'm not Sure. I can handle That three hours. But I. Don't think she just handle it. I, don't But But, you're And, right? Because think just an open-ended question would be the most dangerous for her. And. That's what Rogan does. You know I mean on on Fox. She'll get pressed by Brett But. It'll be a short interview. She's not, she isn't giving him a lot of time. But If. She ever went on Rogan. He wouldn't accept her If. She didn't do it on his terms.

(31m 25s):
You know. She she needs him. He doesn't need her. So it would have to be lengthy And. It would have to be open-ended And. The, the open-ended question where You can ask follow-ups would be truly deadly to her. Well, I, yeah, I completely agree. And You know from a lifetime of doing them. Cable news interviews are pretty easy to game, pretty easy to deflect during the course of a cable news interview. No matter how good And, no one, no one was tougher than You. In adversarial interviews on cable news, But, even You just be defeated just by the structure. By the time limit, You know If You can put off an answer for just a few minutes. In a normal cable news interview.

(32m 6s):
You can get away with it. You cannot do That in a three hour format. No matter who is asking the questions. And, But, I think she's kind of foolish, or her staff is foolish even to start the conversation about going on Rogan. Because then the question becomes, well, what does Rogan think of this? You know. Did she really reach out? I mean at some point she's gonna have to turn him down. And. it. Don't think That helps her at all. And also, it is a kind of I mean. She, the point of this of course is, is men all, all men, particularly black men, she's hemorrhaging among black men. You know famously And. She's looking at men who were almost half the population as just like another interest group to be You know pandered to.

(32m 50s):
So she just like did the interview with That ridiculous character. You just play the clip And. She starts talking about the community And. I'm like, what community? She's not part of any community That I'm aware of. What is she even talking about? Of course, she's talking about the black community. And. She's playing You know the Kamala from the streets. Or she even said, I've been on the streets Okay with your one rally a day. I. Don't think you've been on many streets. But. That's kind of ticking the box. Okay. I've got problems with black voters. Let's do the black guys show. I've got problems with men. Let's do Rogan Show Justin Carter. Yeah, It's, it's, it's so kind of patronizing paint by numbers. 1980s politics. It's so kind of out of touch. I guess is what I would say.

(33m 31s):
And, And. Again, I'm not being mean. I'm not attacking her. I'm you're not, I'm not calling her a communist or anything. I'm just saying like, I think she's really out of touch. I don't think she is at, at at ease with herself. And, therefore, totally ill at ease with everybody else really is what's happening. And. I don't know. I don't think this helps her. Even talking about Rogan helps her at all. You mentioned how she You know has a way of turning around on You, what she does. The Democrats in general do this. Yes And. it mean there's been no better example of this than the constant. Trump's gonna weaponize the DOJ against his enemies. Oh. No, no. Every day she's Now amped That up into a campaign ad. Because Trump, when asked by, for example, Maria Bart Romo about Biden's claim, That we're likely to see chaos around the election.

(34m 17s):
And. He was saying it'll be Maga That causes it. And Maria was saying, what do You think? And Trump said, it won't be from my people. If If We see chaos on election day. And. He said, But, If, there's chaos. Then we're gonna take care of it. You know If If. That requires the National Guard, then it requires the National Guard or even military. We're, we're not gonna have That around here. Now. It's been changed by Kamala Harris And Tim Walls into, he will send the military to your home. If You vote for me. That's what Trump is promising. That. Anyone who doesn't vote for him is going to be arrested by the National Guard or by the military or by the police. And, this takes me back to the assassination attempts.

(34m 59s):
Not saying That, the Democrats were behind them. But, certainly That second guy was not a Trump voter. That first guy seemed like a nutcase. But We don't know the full story on guy number one. The guy who actually got managed to shoot Trump. It's been kept from us. And it. Just wanna take it back to the documentary for a minute, because this is an extraordinary piece of access. Justin Wells was There. He was there in Butler when Trump was shot. When co re told lost his life. And We showed on this program. Selena Zito, great Pennsylvania reporter on the ground hurt, not hurt. But in the moment when people were being hurt And.

(35m 38s):
Justin was in That Scrum And got incredible footage. That I'd never seen before of Trump after the fact. Here is a little bit of That from, this is episode two of Art of the Surge And. A clip of post the Butler assassination attempt And. Look what happened to our country. Probably 20 million people, And You know that's a little bit old. That You Really chilling stuff.

(36m 32s):
And. it mean Justin must have been in danger there too. obviously But, it's the whole thing. It's just very rich tucker to hear the Democrats talk about like the danger Trump poses. I'm just so grateful. That, That, That. Justin And, the camera crew was there. The editor on this. Neil Edelstein put it together 'cause I think it exists. I hope for all time as a documentary record of what happened. Because That event has been memory holds completely. I mean. That was fairly recently, very recently. There's been no systematic effort to explain, understand, rectify, why the Secret Service allowed That shooter, which They did. They allowed it intentionally or not on the roof of That building less than 150 yards away.

(37m 18s):
And, the entire event has just sort of disappeared from the public consciousness. And, it really matters. It matters like really more than anything that's happened in the last year. The use of violence against a public figure, the Republican's presidential candidate was allowed And it. I'm, I'm not surprised by it, because this is a group That fetishizes violence. It's one of the reasons They were so happy to welcome the Cheneys into their fold. It's why They have systematically over the past 15 years, armed the federal agencies. In a way. That doesn't make any sense at all what You know. How much ammunition have the federal agencies ordered, including You know the Ep A the I RS.

(37m 59s):
These are not law enforcement agencies. These are not military agencies. Why are They ordering massive amounts of ammunition to be used against whom? Well, they're domestic agencies. So against American citizens. That's the only answer. So why have They politicized not simply the military, not simply the FB I, the DHS, all the intel agencies. Every armed agency has been systematically brought under the control of the Democratic party. What is That? Well, that's a, that's a distinct focus on violence on, on the use of force against other American citizens. And Now. Apparently there has been an order from the agencies That would allow the US military to use violence against American citizens.

(38m 40s):
I think that's a fact. So like what, what, what would explain That And again, what explains it? The thread That connects all of this. The assassination attempt on Trump, the support for totally pointless foreign wars whose only effect is to kill people, is not to advance the ball for the United States, in any sense, just to kill people. And then the arming of the federal agencies. It is a fixation on the use of violence for its own sake. And, that's not the right doing That And They can call You a Nazi or fascist or whatever, use whatever language They want against You. But. The truth is If You judge people by the things That They do by their actions rather than their words. The violence is coming overwhelmingly from one side.

(39m 21s):
And. The threats of violence from one side. And. it don't think They can obscure That. I mean I. I think I Think what I'm saying is not partisan. I think it's a fair representation of reality. That, anyone who's been paying attention has watched for 15 years. Hmm, that's really scary. And the nerve. It's scary. And just the absolute, the absolute nerve to hear her talk about Trump is the threat. And You know he's, he's the threat to our country, to our democracy. It's like Okay. Literally, we've seen the man almost killed twice. At least twice Yes. So figuring out what happened, That, third time And. There's been absolutely no accountability by the Democrats for the incendiary rhetoric around it. For really just gyning people up into a fever around this man.

(40m 1s):
He's still unsafe. We don't have a full accounting for what happened either time. But, especially time number one, where he actually did take a bullet. And, there's no rolling back of any of their messaging. I mean There, There, Now, That. She's really panicking. Tucker And. She is panicking. She's getting worse. Like she's getting more irresponsible. So is walls. So are There surrogates. I mean they're, they're really putting him in even more danger. And We do have three weeks to go. I mean They. obviously. If Trump wins. I think they'll at That point, ramp up the secret service But. It's still not at maximum levels. Right? Now, And, You have to wonder whether it's by design. Well, no one's been fired. I, I don't understand That I mean. I've never understood That. In all the years I spent 1985 to 2020 living in DC in the District of Columbia.

(40m 44s):
I never understood this And. it always resented it. That. There were no consequences for failure. Whether it was at scale, kill a million people in the Iraq war, help the United States, not at all hurt the United States profoundly. Same in Afghanistan, same in Libya. Same in Syria. I mean that's just at the scale of war. That's not even counting all the federal programs. That not only didn't work, But hurt people, aggressively hurt people. And. Not one person is ever punished And. it just don't understand. Like that's not how You raise your children. It's not how any business works. It's not how life works. You have to force people to take responsibility for the bad things They do or else. You will get a whole lot more bad things.

(41m 24s):
That's the most obvious lesson of just being alive. And the fact That one. What They say one person. What? You permit. You promote. That's, well, that's, that's exactly right. Weirdly, I've never heard That phrase But. I'm Gonna use It. Now on I, got it from my mouth. Now on Oh. I love That. I love That Okay. So in upstate New York in the seventies, like They, were on this And A lot of Wisdom. And it. I just, Yeah, A lot of wisdom. And. It's very obvious. Also. Also, There was stop crying or I'll give You something to cry about. Did she actually say That? Of course. I was the seventies. That's so Old school. I love. That. Good for her. She cared. Go Kelly. That the go. Mrs. Kelly, she cared.

(42m 6s):
No, my favorite was the sign on our kitchen cupboard, which read. Lack of planning on your part does not justify an emergency on my part. Which that's Another truism. That is, isn't This explaining a lot? Oh? I just love That. Well, she sounds like an absolutely awesome person who prepared her children for a productive And happy life. Which begins with admitting your role in the disaster. And. One of the things I hate doing But force myself to do in my life public And Private is If. I make a mistake. I just wanna say I made a mistake. I hate doing That. But. The second You do it. It's taking out a splinter. It it You. You've repented. Your conscience is a little bit clearer. Your credibility is much higher with the people around You And. You can move on.

(42m 47s):
And, by the way, You learn something in the process. It's only when You admit every time I get fired. I always go through this I, always go through this. Your first instinct is blame. Everybody else. You know They. Everyone else did something bad. But. Then at a certain point, You have to say, what did I do wrong? And, the second You Admit what You did wrong. Then You become better. And. You feel lighter. And. It's not about blaming other people. It's about moving forward with cheerfulness. And, They never do That. Very simple human exercise in Washington. And in this case, allowing the secret service to get away with what happened in Butler Township this summer is insane. That's insane. 'cause the message is really obvious. This is a politicized agency. That can't be trusted. Oh, by the way, they're your bodyguards.

(43m 28s):
How? just who can live in a system like That? Nobody Can. Yeah, no. It was like Eric Prince said, I just have the president secured this afternoon. You know If You gave it I know to a private contractor who didn't have the problems. That, the Secret Service does But. That's not how things work. So she's been in trouble lately for going on very friendly forums like the View And, not understanding how to answer the very basic question of what, what makes You different from Joe Biden? What would You, would You have done anything different differently than what he did? And? She says, no, no. I'm You know. I'm right on board with Joe Biden's agenda. I was there for everything. And. That's the wrong answer. Of course. She should, at least in my view at least, acknowledge the massive immigration problems. I mean I. Just feel like the economy, If, I were Kamala.

(44m 8s):
I'd probably still be arguing. It's great. It's great. Just, just wait for it. Fine. I mean that's what a politician would do. But. The You cannot ignore what is happening with the massive amount of illegal immigration coming to a city near You. With You know whether it's a Venezuelan gang, infesting your apartment complexes or Springfield, Ohio with a bunch of Haitians who are tearing apart the grocery store. And killing people with their hit hit. And runs. It's coming to a city near You or already has. Yeah, she won't And. She's gone a different way where she won't acknowledge any distance between them or any mistakes whatsoever. And. it really think it's hurting her. This brings up Dave Portnoy, who is a man who she would like to get because he's definitely pro-choice.

(44m 52s):
He, he went on a tear like a year ago about how the Republican party You can't vote for them. 'cause they're pro-life. And They don't get it. It was post Dobbs. He seems to be sounding a lit a little different these days. 'cause he is not picking up what Kamala Harris is putting down. Listen here, And, It's the gas lighting That the Left is doing with Kamala Harris making it sound like she's some great groundbreaking candidate. She is the worst candidate to ever run for president, ever. There's two people voting in this election, either voting for Donald Trump You like Donald Trump or You hate Donald Trump. And. You're voting against him. But Kamala Harris. Let's stop it. And what? Put this over the edge for me last week. I'm watching our campaign rally And.

(45m 33s):
She's up there being like, We need to turn the page in America. It's time for a new way forward. And, I'm your candidate for change. And. They're hooting. And hollering is the sitting vice president of the United States currently saying she's the candidate for change. She is the worst presidential candidate in the history of American politics. Honestly, Now If You still wanna vote for her because You hate Trump That much And. You can't stand him. You think he's all this evil shit. Do it. But, stop the gaslighting, please. The footage is there. She can't answer. Simple questions. If, You have any issues with the last four years? That's her. Mm. What do You make of That?

(46m 13s):
Well, I mean it was I. Think entirely inevitable. I mean. Dave's obviously very smart I. He's not a conservative or Republican or anything. But. His instincts are You know sort of No BS. He's an entrepreneur. Very successful one. But. He also has a huge audience slash constituency of young men who are really the people of the kind. That Kamala, Harris You know hates most And. A lot of this just comes down to sub verbal cues. Like why do working class people of all colors? By the way, like Donald Trump, because They sense That in the end, he kinda likes them. He doesn't hate them anyway. He doesn't have contempt for them. Y You know what I mean?

(46m 54s):
If, you've got two personal bankruptcies. And are You know making child support payments. That are between jobs. Do You really think Donald Trump's like You? Know You deserve it. Hope You starved to death. Donald Trump's like no I. Get it. You. Know what I mean. I understand how hard life is. Yeah, your You know nephew ods on Fentanyl. You think Donald Trump's gonna be like Oh druggie. He's gonna be like, man, that's awful. That. There's fentanyl in this country. He has like a gut level sympathy for struggling Americans. You. Think Kamala Harris does. I. I'm not even need to make the case. Like watch Kamala Harris. Do You. Think That a single bar stool sports fan? Like has You know the love of Kamala Harris? Are You joking? No. The Kamala Harris's base is the guy who just interviewed her in That.

(47m 36s):
Bizarre little clip. That You played You. Know. That's who really loves Kamala Harris. 'cause she smells good. So I just think she should just hope That There are a lot more of That guy than there are Barstool sports consumers in this country. Because yeah, You know in the end, If. You. Feel That. Somebody hates You. You're not gonna vote for That person. I. Just I. Just don't think You are

(47m 57s):
Grand. Canyon University. A private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes That We are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life. Liberty And, the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity. And That. The American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career, calling You can impact your family. Friends, And community change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G C u's online. On campus at hybrid learning environments are designed to help You achieve your unique academic personal, And professional goals. With over 300 And 30 academic programs, as of June, GCU meets You. Where You are. And provides a path to help You fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University Private Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.

(48m 51s):
There are some football feelings You can only get with bed. M G M Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo. The os Oh or the No, no. No. BS. No. It's the feeling That comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling That comes with getting M G M Rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team bet, hike the Bet M G M app is the best place to bet on football You only get That feeling at bet m G M. The sports book Born in Vegas. Now. Live across the DMV bet M G M And game sense. Remind You to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(49m 43s):
You've been very typically self-deprecating But. One thing, I, think We. Both know You. Were right about And. The world is starting to see it. Is JD Vance as Trump's running mate. You saw it. You advocated for it. It was the right call. And. It was obvious to anybody who knew JD Vance, why it was the right call. And boy has he proven himself on the campaign trail. I mean it. Have You been so impressed with him. I've been so I what? Whatever the highest expectations We had were he's exceeded them. Well, it's been a, it's been a thrill because I'm You know. I'm not friends with any politicians. Basically zero But, JD Vance, I am friends with for reasons, having nothing, nothing to do with politics.

(50m 24s):
I just really like JD Vance. And And, his wife, And it. Think he's like a normal, really smart guy. And it. Think he understands. That You know our foreign policy. It's complicated. And You know everyone makes compromises, et cetera. A lot of forces at work, blah, blah, blah. But. Ultimately, what we've done abroad over the past 20 years has not helped the United States or anybody else. And. He just has said That obvious truth. And That was, That resonated with me. It's really important And. it cannot overstate how much donors dis dislike JV. JD Vance this summer in July when he was chosen the mon, he was chosen the Monday of the Republican Convention, And up until the wire, until That moment. Trump was getting calls from his biggest donor saying, don't do this. Lindsey Graham That morning was telling Trump That, JD Vance was evil.

(51m 8s):
And, of course, the second Trump picks JD Vance in defiance of his biggest donors, And many of his allies, which I was an act of bravery for which he should get credit. The second he picked JD Vance, there was Lindsey Graham on Twitter saying, Oh my old friend JD Vance, I'm thrilled. That, he got the nod. You know they're also false. gosh funny. They're just so, so, such phonies. I would respect Lindsay so much more. If. He would say, JD Vance, the guy's horrible Trump made a huge mistake. At least he'd be You know. He'd be being honest. But, they're all frauds. Anyway, But, the point is to see JD You know, let the rest of the world know how impressive he is. The emotional control he has over himself.

(51m 49s):
Remarkable, big time laudable, in my opinion. Big time. Big time. He's just really smart. He's really normal. He's not weird. That's just not true. It's the opposite of true You Know who is weird, obviously is Tim Walls like, I'm not gonna go on about it. But, That guy's weird. Like, let's be real And. Anyway, I think JD Vance has been vindicated And as someone who has sort of been flying the JD Vance flag for a while. I'm just thrilled. I never feel this way. I politicians. 'cause I'm not a politician. I'm not friends with politicians. But in this one specific case, like I'm I couldn't be more excited. Hmm. Yeah. Tim Walls has got I mean. Talk about not having control over one's emotions or one's body. Here's a little clip of him.

(52m 44s):
Oh boy. Small town. It Keeps bowing, And. Small I. Think I'm just gonna say I. Don't know any man who behaves like That. Come on. I mean. Come on. It's so, it's so it. I. I'm just trying to control myself because I You know I don't want to be mean. And. Also, I don't wanna say things. I can't prove But. Like, let's, let's be real. Let me just say not connected necessarily to Tim Waltz. I'm never gonna take another lecture about gay rights from these people. Like Oh You, hate gays, And You Keefe them all in the closet or whatever. Any party You know I mean.

(53m 25s):
What? S stop with the, with the lectures about That stuff. Do do You know what I mean? Are there I? Do If. You're so for in general, If, you're so for gay rights, And That would mean That. Any member of your party who's gay would feel free to say so. In public. And would not be pretending not to be gay. I'm just saying You know what I mean of nothing. I. Do I hate the falseness of it. And, by the way, last thing I'll say is I don't wanna be mean. And it. And it. Really think That people's private lives can be private. If. They want them to be private I. Don't think You should have to announce everything you're into in public. I. Believe in privacy. I really do And. it. Don't think We should bother people on the base of their private lives. I mean That. So But. They just push so hard. They're the ones You. Get in other people's private lives lecturing your kids about sex.

(54m 6s):
And stuff. That should be private You. Know what I mean. Absolutely. Putting condoms on Banana. It's not your, just stay away. Let me have a private life. You can have a private life. Let's stop talking about other people's sex lives, other people's sexual orientations. Let's just all agree to shut up about That. Okay. That's right. I would be happy with That arrangement. We don't care. And. We. Don't want You talking to our children about it either. Yeah. Leave me alone. Right? So with so little time left to go And this whole thing, Tucker. Everybody wants to know who's gonna win And. None of us really knows who's gonna win. We have to wait for the only poll. That Matters, which is on election day or the 10 weeks thereafter. Thanks to all the mail-in voted voting changes. That, the Democrats have pushed through But And it obviously I. Know what You want to have happen.

(54m 46s):
But, right? What's your gut telling You, right? Now You. Know I. My gut. I'm just too emotional about this stuff. And. That's why I always get it wrong. I'll just refer to the the publicly available And And. The private polling, which is pretty much out There. I mean because You know people are paying close attention. Trump's ahead, You know there's s, there are only seven states in the battleground. States are seven states. And. Trump is ahead in five of them. And, that's enough to win in the electoral college. He's up in Pennsylvania. Now And again. We have three weeks from today to go. That. just all change. I'm Sure. There'll be You. Know a lot of change between Now, And, then And. A lot of stuff That We don't expect will happen in three weeks.

(55m 27s):
But, as of today. Trump is ahead And. It's, it's obvious in the behavior of the Harris campaign. She's talking about doing Joe Rogan. She's pretending That. She's gonna do Joe Rogan. If You think she's doing That voluntarily. 'cause she loves Joe Rogan. Y You know what I mean. I I don't think so. She's not like That big person. No, That's great. Glass person in case of emergency. Exactly. Exactly. So, yeah, no, Trump is winning. Right? Now. And. Of course, I. Hope he I. Hope he does And it. I happen to like Trump a lot Personally. But, even If. I hated Trump. The machine can't win. The machine is anti-human. It's not about people. And. That was obvious in the way They discarded Joe Biden, who They claim to love They, treated him like an object.

(56m 8s):
And They inserted Kamala Harris as If. She were an object. They don't care about Kamala Harris either, by the way. I'm not attacking her. She's merely the face of the party of an anti-human party. And. That party can't win or else all of us are in trouble, including Democrats. By the way, it's not good for anybody. So That machine has to lose And. As of today. That machine is losing. One interesting thing is because Trump is truly like the most vetted person in the world. And, to your point, hides nothing. You know he'll. He'll be the first to tell You all the things he did. Probably with Pride. I mean. Is there any better example of That than when he was deposed in That, Eugene Carroll nonsense lawsuit. And the lawyer, Eugene And, Carroll's lawyer is cross-examining him.

(56m 49s):
And. She's saying And. You said That. You grabbed the women You know by the pri private parts. And. Did You say That. And. He was like, Yes. And You. Know That. That's the way it's been for hundreds of years. You know, unfortunately, or fortunately, It was the girl. He's so I know. He so he'll tell You. He's so, he'll tell You everything. Anyway, my point is he's vetted. He's vetted. Well, We know And, JD Vance. Really? He, he's so young. He has very little to even vet You know. He, he too has written this true, very exposing memoir about his childhood. I mean he took You all the way up through when he graduated from law school, And went out to work for Peter Thiel. There's really nothing more to expose about JD Vance.

(57m 31s):
Even when he was first name, the best They just come up with was like some passed out drunk photos at Yale Law School, which means he's normal. However, on the other side, because I'm just thinking about October. Surprise, And things. That just maybe change the trajectory of the race. All the risks seems to be built into the other side, Tucker, because what We really have on the other side is a totally unvetted pair. Both of them, Yes, I, think you're absolutely right. I mean But. We learned in the last cycle, presidential cycle in 2020. That You. just literally have the President's son's laptop become public with written documentary evidence of corruption by your candidate And.

(58m 14s):
It wouldn't make a difference 'cause it would be suppressed so by the media. So You know I don't know If anything That came out about Kamala Harris or Tim Walls, right? Now would even filter down to swing voters. I'm not convinced I think the real threat is in some bigger event, some society-wide event Oh, God You know deescalation of the two ongoing conflicts. You know in the Eastern Europe, And the middle East into some sort of regional or global war. Something like That You know That That might change the outcome. But, short of That. I'm not Sure That. There's time really to change the outcome.

(58m 54s):
I mean at this point. Really? I mean it's Yeah. You. Think. Yeah. If, you're voting Trump. That. That's a good thing. I think he's on a good trajectory. I mean If. If. I were him. I wouldn't wanna change much. You just gotta Keefe pressing it. And, obviously the get out out the vote is S, it's everything I mean. It's just everything. I I will say, Sean Spicer was saying he did a deep dive on the Republicans get out the vote effort. And, he said he slept like a baby That night. He felt very good about where things stood, which is the most optimistic I've heard. Heard any Republican on it. So That, there was some comfort in That Yes.

(59m 24s):
Four years of crushing interest rates, runaway inflation, And reckless government spending. And, who's paying the price? You are, that's who You might have. Bills stacking up debt collectors on your back. And. You might be barely able to Keefe food on the table. While Done with Debt can be a way out. They have developed new aggressive strategies designed to get You out of debt permanently without bankruptcy. And without loans. Done with Debt stands between You. And. Your bill collectors They can go head-to-head. With these persistent creditors getting balances, reduced interest rates slashed And, even penalties stopped. They create a plan to end your debt fast. And put more cash in your pocket every month. And right, Now Done with Debt is accepting new clients But. You need to act fast because some credit relief programs expire before You even make another payment. Consider a visit to Done with Debt dot com or just call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54. Right Now speak with one of their debt relief strategists. For free, go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.

(1h 0m 23s):
There's a lot at stake in this upcoming election. But, regardless of who is sitting in the White House, the fuse on the economy has already been lit. Even four years of a conservative presidency will not be enough to turn the tide on. Our $35 trillion national debt And it. The left wins. It will be like throwing gas on a dumpster fire. What can You do? Well, You do have options. You just protect your savings by diversifying into Gold. With the help of Birch Gold Group, Gold has stood firm in the face of greedy government's, economic upheavals, And, global strife, And. It just protect You right? Now Birch Gold will help You convert an I RA or a four Oh one K into an I RA in physical Gold tax free And penalty free And. It doesn't cost You 1 cent out of pocket. In the past four years, the buying power of the US dollar has declined. While the price of Gold has increased 40% coincidence, text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 and get your free info kit on gold Text MK to the number 9 8 9 8 9 8. today.

(1h 1m 27s):
There are some football feelings You can only get with BET m G M Sportsbook. That's right, not just the highs. Woo. The OS Oh or the No, no. No. BS. No. It's the feeling That comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling That comes with getting M G M Rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height, the Bet M G M app is the best place to bet on football You only. Get That feeling at Bet m G M. The sports book, born in Vegas, Now. Live across the DMV bet M G M And game Sense. Remind You to play responsibly cbet mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.

(1h 2m 18s):
I'm Megyn Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political legal And cultural figures. today, You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, A SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts. You may know And, probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey And. Yours truly Megyn Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere. You are no car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport. Comedy Talk, podcast, and more. Subscribe. Now, get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe. And, get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk. Show And. Get three months free offer details. Apply

(1h 3m 21s):
Now before We go. Forgive me for raising this But, our old pal, Chris Wallace had he decided it would be fun to take a shot at You And since we've had fun talking about Chris Wallace in the past. I thought I'd bring it up so he I don't. How did this come up? I'm not Sure. He was giving an interview. I'm not Sure. Why he was even giving an interview about himself. Oh. He's on a book tour. He's on a book tour. Tucker And, the following. Did he write Another book about, or another topic? I Dunno, Soup. There was, sorry. There was one. Mr. Super Bowl. Yeah. But Soup. Yeah. Okay watch. Tucker Carlson texted It should be We.

(1h 4m 2s):
Devote our lives to building an audience. And They. Let Chris Wallace wreck it. Your response. Well, I'm employed. And Tucker really isn't anymore. So that's part of my response. Okay I love That response so much. It's pretty great. It just shows how clueless he is. We talked about this when I went on tour with You to suggest as he does there, That. Chris Wallace has anywhere near the relevance or power I. Know You won't say That. And You. Don't see yourself That way about yourself. That. You have is just a lie.

(1h 4m 42s):
It's obtuse. It's a lie. It's an intentional deception. And, he knows better. So it's his defensiveness, which I have to admit, I kind of am enjoying But I. The reason I wanna ask You about it is I do wanna ask You how it's feeling? Now, right? It's been. It's been. It's been more than a year. It's been I think by my calculation. A year And a half since You left Fox Year. And And. You're out on your own. Exactly. You're every weekday, you're crushing it. The World tour has been super fun to watch. I've heard on more than one podcast. That I. Listen to many people view it either as this is Tucker's gearing up for 2028, or this is Tucker doing a sideline sort of road show to help Trump I.

(1h 5m 26s):
Actually, maybe I'm just dumb. Tucker I. Think it's in the middle. And. It's just You wanting to get back out there. And. See some of your fans And. Talk about the news. And You know. Take your show on the road. And. Exercise your sea legs. In any event, comments or thoughts on any And? All of That? Well, I I. Mean I would just say of the tour, I. I have the least complicated motives. I'm not a complicated person at all. I wish I. I. Wish I was. I just kind of wanted to get out. And. See the country. And have fun. And. It was, yeah, You were unbelievable. I was saying to your producer, That, the Night with You was really a highlight. That was incredible. I But. I've loved it. And. Poor Chris Wallace. I. Look at Chris Wallace. And it. Think I. Really hope. By the time I'm 80 That, I'm just with my grandkids like You know.

(1h 6m 8s):
It's a privilege to be able to, it's a privilege to be able to talk about politics. And things You think matter. And You know it's all great. But. If. That's the most important thing in your life. If, that's more important than your grandchildren or your dogs or You. Know bird hunting. I. Don't know. You. Your priorities may be outta whack. I just don't want to be doing this when I'm 80 or however old Chris is, 85, 88, whatever his age is. So there's That. I'm not being mean. I'm being sincere. Like it's good to get off the stage at some point. And it. I. Really do plan to But. I. I'm as happy as I've ever been. I. Really? I've loved it. I've loved being able to say exactly what I think without worrying about it.

(1h 6m 48s):
I mean Fox didn't really control me very well. Anyway. But, Now, I really don't have a boss. And. That's wonderful. I love seeing things traveling wherever I want to go. Talking to any person I want to If. Chris Wallace doesn't like it. Fi You know. That's great. You You know what I mean. It's like it's such a happier life. And, the last thing I'll say is I love how real independent media is. I love That. When You say something on your show, like people text me about it or You know all the people I know who've been expelled from the dying media machine who've wound up continuing in media are more influential than the colleagues They left behind I. Never thought That would actually happen.

(1h 7m 28s):
Rogan. I mean I. Just whatever You. Think of Rogan. I just always wanna say Rogan created single handedly I. Think this genre, the podcast like I can't believe it actually worked. And it. Hope he gets credit. Even people who don't like Rogan I think should give him credit for truly pioneering what we're doing. Now, And. So I just absolutely love it. I love it more. Not only did Rogan build it, he built the whole highway. Yes But. He, he never You never saw or see Rogan doing a hit on Fox or Ms. No. Or a Sunday show or in a magazine spread. He is the opposite of self-promotional.

(1h 8m 11s):
So every single audience member he has And. It's huge. He earned just by being great just by word of mouth. Yes in an era where nobody was really coming over here, which is one of the reasons why it's so impressive. It's incredible. And. He devotes all this energy to things he loves purely because he loves them. Whether it's whether You, You know I love him, or You love him or not, it's standup comedy. Bow hunting. MMA I mean he spends like half of his life just pursuing things. That he thinks are fun. And cool because he thinks they're fun. And cool And. So he's a whole person. That's kind of the point I was making about Kamala. She's missing out on the purpose of life, which is to enjoy other people.

(1h 8m 53s):
It's not to accumulate money or power. It's to enjoy other people. To serve other people. To use the creative powers. That. God gave You at birth for something interesting. And good. Make something beautiful. You know. Use your talents. And it. See Rogan doing That again, whether they're my interest or yours or not, it doesn't matter. They're his And. He's fully living them. And. That's just, it's a model of life. That, I really appreciate. So more people should do That. Well, maybe Kamala will go on Joe Rogan And. Maybe she'll bring Tim Walls And. Maybe Joe Rogan can show him a thing or two about how to hunt, how to load a gun, how to kill a pheasant, something I know You can do too. You And.

(1h 9m 33s):
My husband Doug, love to kill the birds. Yeah, amen. Yes. Do it this afternoon. He needs a little help. It's a pleasure. As always, don't forget everybody, you've gotta go to tucker carlson.com. Find the Art of the Surge You. It's gripping. It's so well done. It's very impressive Justin. As I understand it really only had his iPhone And one camera guy And. It looks like a huge, expensive production. Beautifully done. Thank You so much. You're the best. Thank You, Megan I. Appreciate it. Ah, To be continued And. We'll see all of You tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda.

(1h 10m 13s):
And, no fear. There are some football feelings. You can only get with bet m G M Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The os Oh or the no, no. No. BS. No. It's the feeling That comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling That comes with getting M G M rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team height. The Bet M G M app is the best place to bet on football You only get That feeling at Bet m G M.

(1h 10m 56s):
The Sports book Born in Vegas Now. Live across the DMV bet M G M And game sense. Remind You to play responsibly cbet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem. Call 1-800-GAMBLER.