
Meta's Open source AI is an open invitation. It enables small businesses, startups, students, researchers, and more to download and build with our models at no cost, which means more people can build amazing things because when AI is open source, it's available to all. And when AI is available to all everyone benefits, Learn more about meta's open source models at ai dot Meta dot com slash open.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda Days with a sporty new civic Accord, HR-V or CR-V. For a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-V, a 4.9% A PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% A PR on a 2025 HR-V. See Dealer for financing details. Exclude civic si and Ty r.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. We are getting more information now on the alleged suspect in the well. He's the suspect and the alleged murderer of United Healthcare CEO. Brian Thompson. Yesterday, Luigi Mangione was identified and arrested in a Pennsylvania McDonald's in the morning, police reported because some people thought it was the McRib, it's come back and they didn't think he could resist going in there. A lot of people get sucked back into McDonald's thanks to this thing.


It was the morning. I don't, it might've been a McMuffin. Police reported that when they approached Mangione, who's being hailed by the left as some sort of a hero for committing murder in the streets of New York and shooting a man in the back, father of two, including a 16-year-old boy. This is their new hero. You know what a badass he is ever standing up for others. Okay, You know what? He basically peed his pants. When the cops approached him in the McDonald's, he started shaking just upon being asked the question of whether he'd recently been in New York, this guy who killed a man by shooting him in the back. That's your leftist hero. It's just so gross.


Can I just say I'm really over this nonsense? This guy's not a hero at all. We should not be laing his good looks, which really aren't existent all over the internet. And Tim Miller ye of the, I won't ask Doug Emh a single question about his alleged assault of a woman in your stupid podcast is out there talking about how he wants to get together with this guy, how he's not to mention the Boston Marathon Bomber. These people are fucking sick. Sorry. They just, they're sick. And I just wanna say one thing. It is today, December 10th, right? It's December 10th, 2024.


It was December 15th, 1985 that my own father died. He died of a heart attack, an unexpected heart attack in our home at age 45, 10 days before Christmas. And I was a 15-year-old girl. And it was, of course, as any sane person already can see, deeply traumatic for me and my entire family. And it's something you never get over. It changes your life in a profound way. And so this guy, Brian Thompson, had two boys. I think one was 18, one was 16 for sure, one was 16, and their father was killed three weeks before Christmas. And these assholes are out there talking about how they wanna sleep with the killer, how hot he is.


What a hero he is for taking out the CEO of a company in an unpopular industry, unpopular. And at some point we'll discuss why they're unpopular. As I said yesterday. Now is not that time, but I mean, good luck getting through any piece of the healthcare system without insurance, nevermind government insurance, which is the realistic alternative to the private health insurance that we get. I mean, you, you may think they're evil, they're a necessary evil, and they actually make more procedures possible than they do. Deny the ones that cause people to go nuts over them. I just, this is so wrong. What are we doing? A 16 year old's life has been changed forever. And that 18-year-old as well, they don't have a dad anymore.


Young boys who don't have their dad screw you for talking about his abs, you disgusting credence. I'm just, ugh, gross over these gross people. We'll get to Taylor Lorenzen with peers. We've learned more about this guy's personal history, including that this alleged assassin was an Ivy League graduate. As we did tell you yesterday when this was breaking, he went to University of Pennsylvania from a very prominent Maryland family who owned several country clubs as well as at least at his grandfather's generation. He's the one who seems to have made the money a radio station, country clubs, a real estate company.


And it is being reported that a turning point for the suspect may have been a back surgery earlier this year. He had some sort of a surgery, and then he reportedly went dark, stopped talking to his friends, stopped talking to his family. His family was sounding the alarm as recently as November on, where is Luigi? We can't find him. And he is not in touch with anybody, people, friends, sending him messages online saying, are you coming to my wedding? As you said you were or not? Where are you? He went off to Hawaii. He tried a surf lesson. This is post his back surgery, I believe. And it was so debilitating. He was in bed for a week. Okay, so meantime, you've got the credence.


As I pointed out, the worst is Taylor Lorenz, who, I mean, the body wasn't even warm of Brian Thompson, and she was expressing how happy she was that he was dead. We're also gonna get to more on the insane leftist reaction to Daniel Penney's acquittal yesterday in New York. And there's no one to better ask. No one better to break it all down in response to our questions than my first guest, Heather McDonald. She's a fellow at the Manhattan Institute and contributing editor for City Journal. She's also author of the book, When Race Trumps Merit. I mean, she's truly, she might be the number one, but she's one of the top intellectuals in the world.


For those of us who have been holding our breath for the past several months about this country, we can finally exhale. Work can be done. Now on the major issues this country's facing, one of the most significant being our national debt. The fact is our nation's broke, and that debt is a house of cards that cannot be quickly dismantled. So the strategy remains the same. You might wanna diversify your savings. This is why I wanna tell you about birch gold. So many things are out of our control, out of our president's control. So it can be important to have a safe haven for your savings. Birch Gold Group can help you convert an IRA or 401k into an IRA in physical gold. And the best news is it does not cost you one penny out of pocket Text MK to 9 8 9 8 9 8 to get your free info kit. Plus, right now, you'll receive a free one ounce silver eagle for every $5,000 purchased. Protect your savings with Birch Gold text MK 2 9 8 9 8 9 8, and claim your eligibility for free silver today.


And it's a pleasure to have her on. Heather, welcome back. Thank you so much, Megan. It's great to be with you. I'm so grossed out by this reaction to the murder of this insurance company, CEO, and it's pretty widespread on the left how they are lionizing the, the alleged murderer. And I mentioned Taylor Lorenz because she's pretty indicative of it. She worked for the New York Times, she worked for the Washington Post. She was fired by the Washington Post this fall when she posted on her Instagram. Joe Biden is a war criminal when they chastises her for, for posting such a thing as a so-called reporter. She denied she had done it and claimed she'd been hacked.


They fired her, not believing her excuse. And then a month or so later, she definitely posted on her social media. Joe Biden is a war criminal, kind of removing the mystery about whether it had been her the first time. And now this woman is all over online on her substack and elsewhere trying to justify this man's murder. And goes on with Pi Morgan on his YouTube show last night saying the following, I do believe in the sanctity of life. And I think that's why I felt along with so many other Americans, joy, unfortunately, You know, because it feels like serious. I mean, Joy in the marriage Execution. I say that not, maybe not joy, but certainly not, no, certainly not empathy.


He's a father like Billions. So, And he's being dumb down in the middle of Manhattan. Why does that make you joyful? Thousands of Americans that he murdered, so are tens. So are the tens of thousands of Americans, innocent Americans who died because greedy health insurance executives like this one, push a policies of denying care to the most vulnerable people here. Should they all be killed then? Should they all be killed? These healthcare executives, would that make you even more joyful? No, that joyful Or even to even say you're not empathetic about somebody losing their life when they leave behind two young boys. Yeah, Taylor, I don't mean to be rude, but why the fuck are you laughing all the time? I don't get it. Sorry. Apologies for my language, but honestly, I find it unbelievable.


Whatcha laughing at Here I am laughing at Tommy's insane mischaracterization of, of why people are angry. Okay? Your thoughts on it, Heather? Wow, we have a real problem in this country. The left has a real problem. I found it in a sense, frustrating to hear you initially, Megan rebutting the claim that this was somehow a justified act because it seemed like it's, it's tragic that you, we have to concede that much to even engage with these people. It should be so patently obvious that you're not allowed to kill because you disagree with somebody politically.


And to even engage in that argument is, is to concede too much. But obviously we need to, let's recall, these are the same group of intersectional allies that also celebrated October, the, the humas attacks. There's something that has gone fundamentally wrong with the left's understanding about some basic moral truths, which is you don't get to narcissistically, kill some figurehead because you feel like you're in pain after back surgery and you don't get to kill on the basis of political beliefs. But we also have assassinations on Trump.


There's, this is being a, a poison that's being bred in the universities, which is proceeds with a mannequin in worldview about the evil of anything associated with capitalism, with anything associated with western civilization. And that glorifies alleged victims, alleged marginalized and, and clearly is, is very closely positioned to the next step, which is that it's okay to kill. This is Lawrence is basically a mainstream media figure. Yeah. And is giving voice to what we've seen all over the internet thirsting after this guy and celebrating his looks and counting him as some sort of courageous guy, as I say, who, who shoots a man dead in the street, an unarmed man in the back, in, in, in, in the left's world.


This is courage. Here is that guy, Tim Miller, who couldn't find the stones, Heather, to ask Doug Emh, who he had right across from him, right after the story broke, that he had, according to his ex-girlfriend, slapped her with an open hand across the face so hard outside of a festival in con France that she spun, this is like a year before he got together with Kamala Harris. He couldn't find the stones to ask him the question, would you like to respond to that? Is it true that you hit this woman, you who are being lauded by the left as the new version of masculinity non-toxic, the way the Republican version is. This guy, Tim Miller, couldn't find the stones to ask him those questions.


But here he is today with his thoughts about this alleged killer of CEO Brian Thompson. There's a lot to unpack here, including his six pack would be among the things you need to unpack. There's picture you did opposed to. Yes. Yeah. There's a very attractive man and I'm attracted to the, the shooter and I do, and I have to just say not really, not exactly my type. I mean, objectively handsome. I think once you kill someone, not exactly my type. Yeah. Yeah. I like in that category, kind of the, the, the Boston Marathon bomber was kind of a little bit more my wheelhouse. Oh my God, This, he works the bulwark.


I mean, You Know, we, I I have to feel sometimes that the anarchism of the early 20th century that we're past that, that that kind of, of solipsistic embrace of evil and of the notion that you have a right to go around killing people that you disagree with, we're certainly never gonna return to that degree of, of contagious insanity. But listening to this, I don't know, we are moving in that direction. You know, this is not, and it's not even an underground movement, You know, the anarchists were, were understood as enemies of the state, and they, they did everything they could to cover their tracks and, and, and cover their propaganda to a certain extent, although were also out there leafleting.


But their, their homicidal intentions were not exactly out in the open. But these are people that are going onto social media, the most public realm in the world, and proclaiming that they don't have a problem with murder. I, I lack the language, Megan, to really describe as in a sort of a Cassandra like position, what may be going on here. We all thought that there was a, a course correction with the Trump election, and people are, are saying no more with the, the identity based grievance, which this is related to in, in a, a certain way. But we clearly have a very, very long road to, to tread to get back to some kind of shared value system.


I mean, the irony, You know, you mentioned the Daniel Penney Jordan Neeley verdict. That, that this killer is being described as a hero and then an actual hero was being treated as a homicidal criminal and villain. It we're living in an upside down world, at least to the extent that you live in the elite bubble ideology. I have a lot for you on Daniel Penney today, which I we'll do next. But you're exactly right. I mean, I think the Trump election was a declaration that the Normies are with us. We've reclaimed the Normies who were leftist adjacent, You know, open-minded to self-flagellation as required by BLM and the trans activists like, okay, if that's what I need to do to be a good person, I'm open My, I'm listening.


And now like they've just been completely rejiggered to normalcy. Wait a minute, you people are the loons. We're not doing that. We're not opening the border. We're, I'm going back with a side of reason. I think they're back with us. But it doesn't mean the loons went away. They're still a part of the Democrat party and they're vocal and they're not giving one inch. Taylor Loren's one example of that, but they're all over CN and M-S-N-B-C in the wake of Penny, which is the other big story today saying all the things you'd expect them to say about how we've normalized vigilantism, right? The same people, they, they see him as this. We've, we've, we've, we're celebrating a vigilante in the case of Penny, but on the CEO Brian Thompson, you've got some of those same people saying right on, You know, the guy had some good points.


I, I don't know. I hope that there's more people like Pi Morgan out there in the mainstream media that are distancing themselves from these views. Because if they're not, you're allowing it to stay out there un unrebutted. And it's, You know, I I think Trump is under constant threat of another assassination to the extent that you whip people up. And, and, and of course, let's be fair, You know, the, the, the left probably thinks that the rights rhetoric is just as unhinged and, and just as dangerous, just as apocryphal and, and unduly manican that could give rise to right wing kooks. And, and, You know, there's always a, a, a risk about directly linking rhetoric to action.


There should be a very, very wide berth for politically extreme rhetoric. As long as you're not calling for violence. It's not clear that anybody that embraces a certain kind of discourse should be held responsible for somebody who acts out in the name of that discourse. So, You know, both sides view the other as engaged in completely unhinged rhetoric. Nevertheless, I, I don't think there's anything comparable. I mean, maybe there is, maybe there's some right wing kooks that are, that are, that are justifying in advance using violence against people you disagree with.


But, You know, we've, we've seen the young people have completely lost understanding of the First Amendment. They do not understand fundamental principles of discourse, of the free market of ideas. That the best way to counter ideas that you disagree with is to argue against them. You don't silence people. You don't, You don't irrigate to yourself the power of censorship. So that's bad enough that we've lost sight of that fundamental principle of democracy, a principle that is given power to the marginalized throughout the ages. You have Frederick Douglass saying, the thing that tyrants fear most is freedom of the press because it allows those who oppose slavery to throw off their chains.


Now you have the left opposing the freedom of the press, but it's even worse than that. It's even worse. Now you have the left saying, thou shall kill people who you think are, are denying services because you have a certain view of health insurance. I, I, I, You know, this is a principle that is gonna lead to a complete civil war. There's many health insurance executives out there, as Pierce Morgan said, should they all be killed? Follow the principle, and the answer is yes. And then you move on to oil executives Wall Street.


Absolutely. Although, You know, wall Street is, it's, it's weird. It's in sort of a transition mode because Wall Street is of course, also very left. So, You know, we get to rail against capitalism except when we're drawing on billions to support our left-wing campaigns. So, but yeah. Now this, this, but, but It's interesting. I mean, like, and then you move on, of course to politicians where it's like, and certainly nobody's advocating this. I'm just saying that if you wanna talk about a politician who's really had a massive effect on healthcare, the first person to come to mind would be Barack Obama. If you like your plan, you can keep your plan. If you like your doctor, you can keep your la your doctor, which was a lie. And his Obamacare plan led to the loss of individual relationships between a patient and his doctor over and over and over again, A patient and her plan over and over and over.


So if we're green lighting, if we're now green lighting violence against public figures who affect our healthcare, how, how do they reconcile that? I mean, how is it not a call for multiple assassinations? It's just so, such insanity. That's why I refuse to even have the discussion. I refuse to have the discussion about the state of modern insurance care in America right now. Maybe at some point we'll discuss it, but certainly not in response to this lunatic who is being covered like this. Heather, just to give you one other example, would you look at NN talking about this murderer, this suspected murderer? Watch this. The reaction online is also just such a reinforcement of how much aesthetics, attractiveness, I mean, like the shallowness of the American people, like the American people who are online, we'll, we'll say, is very much on display here.


Part of yes, there's absolutely a bubbling anger about the inequity in the country writ large and in the healthcare system, no question. But so much of, so, You know, the clips we were watching at the top of this segment are driven by the fact that this is, this is an attractive, I know we gotta drop the banner to show why. And, and it's tr it is deeply troubling that we are celebrating this, this person who's committed cold-blooded murder. Yeah. Because, You know, he clearly went to the gym. You know, one take, Okay, so what happened in that cliff for listening audience is that Casey hunt, the anchor chimes in, we've gotta drop the banner to show them why, like, show him his abs. There's something incredibly crass, sophomoric simple about the discussions these people are having around this man who gunned down a fellow Amer.


We haven't seen an open assassination attempt like this in a long time, Heather. And the seriousness is just missing. Again, part of me rebels against us even having this conversation. Megan, we should not be having to persuade other people that you don't get to kill a, a corporate executive because you disagree with this policies. Why are we drawn into this? But if we didn't have it, I guess they'd go unchallenged. But, but You know, one wonders again and again, what common ground do we have now with people on the progressive left? And, and even liberals, if you can't even agree, I used to think that, well, there's no common ground because we can't even agree that chromosomes determine one's biological sex.


That there is, we have made this enormous progress in understanding genetics. We should be celebrating that. We have, we have cracked the genetic code. This is one of the greatest feats of human understanding. And now we're throwing that all out in, in favor of this completely politicized gender theory view that in fact, sex is something assigned at birth, not, not written into every single cell in our body, and can be changed at will by people that decide they hate the patriarchy. I used to think if we can't agree about that, it's hopeless. But now it turns out it's, it's even worse than that. The, the fundamental law that you cannot kill, you shall not commit murder.


We can't even agree on that. So what do we do? I mean, what, where No, we have to forge on without them. We could. These are not people we can, we can reason with. We just have to defeat them and forge on without them. I do wanna ask you just a, you're not a psychologist or a psychiatrist, but it is bizarre, Heather, that this guy was valedictorian of this Tony Boy school in Maryland, went on to the University of Pennsylvania where he got a BA and an MA in computer science, engineering and math, I think was his minor. Goes on to work for some tech companies. Though I will say the employment history started to get a little sketchy. They say he's worked, he worked for 10 different companies in the past 10 years.


Now that would've been six when he was 16 to 26. But it's not like he found a great job and just kept it upon graduating from UPenn. I'll just show you a little bit from his high school graduation speech as valedictorian it. He wasn't particularly articulate or impressive, I will admit. But he seemed normal. He seemed normal. And this is just, You know, eight years ago, listen to this, SAT 12, Just like the, just like we've done these past few years, we exploring the unknown, whether that be attending colleges across the country, traveling the world during gap years or fulfilling military service in foreign countries. As we embrace the new, however, we won't forget the old, our friendships, values, and memories from Gilman will always stay with us.


So to the class of 2016, a kind of class that only comes around once every 50 years, it's been an incredible journey. And I simply can't imagine the last few years with any other group of guys, All the advantages, education, wealth, apparently a nice family that was, was looking for him when he went missing at age 26, couldn't find him, was doing its best to try to retrieve him. Lots of friends, You know, according to them good looks. I, it's just, it's very strange. What would make him go from that to, I'll listen, I'll let you hear it from John Miller, who's in Intel analyst now on a CNN.


He's the chief law enforcement and intel analyst talking about what was in his manifesto that the police found on his person when they arrested him Soc 10. Well, he was railing against the healthcare industry, which of course fits into the scenario here. He talks about how these parasites had it coming. He starts off basically saying, I don't want to cause any trauma. But, but it had to be done. So a second page really kind of goes into problems with the hell's in industry. He raises the question, You know, why do we have the most expensive healthcare in the world?


But we're 42 rated, 42 in life expectancy around the world. It was talking about the healthcare industry and the need for violence. I mean, especially when you talk about, You know, the opening, which is that it had to be done, these parasites, You know, had it coming. Mm. Any thoughts on that? Well, It's, it's always a question, You know, are these people just simply crazy? And, and again, if it's the, if it's the other guy that's committed this atrocity, we are going to be inclined to blame the rhetoric, to blame the ideology.


If it's our guy. And, and again, let's be honest, it is, it is conceivable that some right wing kook, You know, especially during the election, could take the language that Biden is a threat to democracy. That he is a, a fascist or a totalitarian, which there's an argument in given their censorship of speech, that that's a completely deserved label. And, and then acted totally unjustifiably upon that. So, You know, it's, it's a, it's that's, that's that difficult link between when ideology lead to violence or is it a complete break?


It's irrelevant. And what's really going on is you've got somebody here who's just psychologically deranged and, and is psychotic and, and does not understand basic moral principles and has no human empathy. I can tell you, You know, as far as the stem background, 'cause I was surprised by that too. You know, you think engineering, in my experience, scientists, and with all due respect and I, I revere scientists and for their, for their what should be their, their commitment to universal reason and the colorblind pursuit of knowledge. But they can be very naive politically. You know, I would say about half of them are actually in favor of totally destructive race and gender preferences and scientific hiring and, and can be very naive about economic matters.


You know, they're, they're pure redistributionist and anti-capitalist. So anyway, that, that's not an inoculation against this, but it, it just may be that he's, he's got a, a disintegrating moral compass and, and cognitive capacities to be able to assess actions. In fact, I thought his getaway plans were kind of crazy. I, I think he let himself wide open. Other people I've seen on TV thought, oh, he's a very smart guy. I don't know why he's still holding onto the gun. I would've, I would've biked all the way to the East River and thrown it in. I don't think they could possibly find it there. So, so something else may be going on and, and maybe it's not fair to, to blame the left wing Antifa wall, You know, occupy Wall Street rhetoric against, against the so-called capitalist parasites.


But, but nevertheless, I just, Yeah, he's the right age. He's the right age for a psychotic break. We don't know. He had all sorts of icons on, on his social media that suggested may, he might have been into psychedelics. That's not confirmed. They don't make you normally psychotic. But the, the god of psychedelics was on this show telling us this Hopkins researcher saying, if you have any history of schizophrenia in your family, you should not be doing these. You should not be doing these. They can, they can be helpful to people who are, who don't have that history and are depressed and need to look at the world in a different way. We've had those people on the show too, but they would rule out anybody who had that sort of a history in their family, because they can cause a psychotic break from which you cannot return.


That's what's so nuts about it. That's pure speculation on my part. His back issues have been documented. Now, his friends are coming out talking to CNN about how he had some massive back problem that caused him a lot of pain, but no reports so far of any beef with an insurance company. We will Learn more. And this guy's, I mean, it sounds like the cops have got him dead to rights. The manifesto on him, the gun on him, the silencer on him, both of which they say appeared to have been the product of a 3D printer, which is nuts, along with hollow point bullets, which he would have to have had to have purchased false IDs. He confessed to holding a false ID into presenting it to the police, saying he was a New Jersey resident under a different name, and now he's in custody and not talking.


And ultimately today charged so far with second degree murder in New York. And I expect that will be increased to first degree once they proceed down the line with this case. There he is in his mugshot looking super tough. It's not super tough to kill an unarmed man in the back, Luigi at all. Okay, let's talk about Daniel Penny, who is a genuine hero who I, unlike this guy, like they, they wanna say, oh, they're the same, they're just being treated differently. That's what the left is saying, because both were trying to act in defense of others. That's what the Taylor Loren of the world see when they look at Penny and this guy.


But it's, it isn't. So you could say that to justify the murder of just about anybody who had caused any harm in their business life or professional life, it, it doesn't make your murder of them justified. Daniel Penny was actually trying to defend weaker people around him on the subway, a fact, which is not being acknowledged by the BLM NAACP Al Sharpton types today, which wanna paint him like he's another Luigi. Also, he was not intending to kill Jordan Neely. That that was not part of his plan at all. He was simply trying to restrain him until first responders could arrive in the subway at the next station.


And there was evidence presented that in fact, he was not putting particular amount of pressure on, on Neely's chest and neck that, that there was just holding him down there. Because if you let him go every, the, one of the arguments is, well, once people got off the train, then, then you should have let him go. Well, you don't know what he's gonna do if he's, if he's still crazy and you let him go, he could go right back to assaulting people you don't know if he's armed. But there's simply no parallel. This was somebody who was simply trying to get somebody out of the range of being able to kill other people. And the fear that he might kill other people is completely legitimate and rational.


We just went through on, on November 18th in this country, in this in New York City, a mentally ill deranged vagrant who went on a stabbing spree across Manhattan and killed three people, stabbing them to death. We regularly have vagrants in the subway who slammed people's heads into the subways. 10, 10 days after the, the Jordan Neely Daniel Penney incident, a vagrant slammed a woman's head into the subway. She's now paralyzed for life. You know, the, the argument made by the prosecution was that penny was either reckless or negligent in his dis disregarding the risk that by putting penny in this so-called chokehold, and there's a lot of, always a lot of semantic play around what constitutes a choke hold, what's not.


But he basically brought him down in a, in a bear hug penny lay on the, on the subway floor with Neely on top of him that, that somehow Penny should have known. And he was indifferent to the risk that by just holding this guy who was high on, on synthetic marijuana, that that could have led to his death under that standard. It is the city that is every single day homicidal, because they know it is not just a possibility. It is a certainty given the number, the thousands of untreated mentally ill drug addicts who are roaming the streets.


It is a virtual certainty that every couple of days, every couple of weeks, one of them will assault an innocent pedestrian, possibly lethally. And they are on notice. It's, it's not, it's not a, a chance, it is a certainty. And the city and state do nothing. They, they spend all their money on vanity left-wing projects, You know, whether it's protecting migrants from deportation or various trans projects or affordable housing for single mothers who have made themselves poor by not marrying when they have children, instead of dropping everything and saying, our primary responsibility is to protect the public from known obvious risks.


We are going to transfer all of the money that we're now wasting on feckless social service providers who cater to the dysfunctional. We're gonna build however many mental institutions it takes to confine people who should not be for their own sake, left to decompose on the streets. Talk about, You know, we're all supposed to feel like Penny was indifferent to the human dignity of Neely. The people who are indifferent to neely's human dignity are the outreach workers and who let him go to sit in his own feces, to to expose himself on platforms, to go battering elderly people and don't give a damn the, the homeless.


You are not helping the homeless vagrant mentally ill chemical abusers by letting them roam the streets. You are subjecting them to a life of squalor and, and, and sheer just abuse, self-abuse and abuse of others. And yet the reason we do this is because the homeless lobby needs the homeless on the streets so that they can make their million dollar contracts and they want to have a symbol of the heartlessness of capitalism. The whole thing is a perverse narrative. And we haven't even gotten to the race issue, Meghan. I have, frankly, as, as which We will, let's hold, let's, let's put a pin in that 'cause that that's next, right? But lemme stay where you are.


I'll give you one example. So this was community noted on X yesterday, A commentator named Tiffany Kaban writes, Jordan Neely deserved better than the violence of being denied access to stable housing and healthcare, and then to be dehumanized for it. Jordan Neely deserved better than the systems that allow for and justify extra judicial, white supremacist violence against black people. The community know it reads as follows, as part of a plea agreement with prosecutors after he punched a 67-year-old woman in the, in the face, in the street in 2021, Jordan Neely was given free access to stable housing and healthcare at a treatment facility in the Bronx. He abandoned the facility after 13 days.


So there, there's a, she's a New York City council member that Tiffany Kaban, they're just not getting, they refuse to get it intentionally, willfully blind to the problems. New Yorkers, New York taxpayers who are working every day, they're getting up early, they're going to the job, they're putting up with possibly obnoxious coworkers or bosses. But because they believe in making self-sufficiency that they're not gonna be leaches on the system, they're really screwed because a judge, thanks to Legal Aid Society lawsuit has held that we are obligated to provide shelter to everyone on demand. Okay? So we'll just ca cast aside whether that's just or not.


Let's take that as a given. The rule should be, if we have to provide you shelter on demand, whether you're a single mother that gets a subsidized private apartment with your own cooking and bathroom facilities, or you're in a congregate shelter as a, as a child, as adult, the rule should be, you gotta use it. If we're gonna be paying billions of dollars a year to provide this shelter, you don't get to stay on the streets. It's one or the other. But in fact, they do get to stay on the streets. They do not accept housing. You know, we've lived with this lie for now, what is it, 40 years since the 1990s. It was completely blown out of the water by some early sociologists.


The idea that housing, it's a homelessness is a housing problem. No, it's not. It's a problem of mental illness, drug abuse, and what, what some early researchers called disaffiliation, that means you've broken your social ties, those social ties that may allow you to shack up with your mother or sister. You are so obnoxious, you're so involved in your own addictions that people say, I can't take you any longer. So you don't have that, that social safety net. But, but nevertheless, so it's not about housing. These people are offered housing numerous times. Homelessness, vagrancy. I I don't even like to use the phrase homelessness, but sometimes it just comes ready, ready to hand.


It's a lifestyle choice. I, I've written on Skid row in, in Los Angeles, which is the biggest hell on earth. There's no, there's no vista that you've ever seen like it unless you've actually seen skid row of block after block of human degradation beyond belief. But people come from across the country to be in skid row because they know they can party without interference. They run prostitution rings out of their cardboards. This is a choice. And if you allow certain people to make that choice, they will, whether they're capable of making it or not. But frankly, you do not get to colonize public space.


We used to understand this, You know, for centuries people understood this. We had skid rows, cheap cage housing, SRO, single room occupancy hotels, and the police did something that now you're not allowed to talk about. They moved people along. If you say you don't get to stay here, people make other arrangements. And now, now the government believes that its only duty is to the dysfunctional and the antisocial. It owes nothing to the law abiding, the hardworking, the tax paying. They're simply supposed to put up with crime and squalor and feel lucky to be paying taxes to support this massive beckla, totally incompetent social service industry.


This, this is, this gets right to the befuddlement of many on the left and in the media as to the reaction that you and I and other sane people are having to this verdict. They don't understand why we're applauding Daniel Penny because we've seen all the things that you just described. We object to this current system which none of us voted for or okayed in any way. We miss the old days of there being law and order and of the law abiding citizens being the ones who are protected and at the front of mind for police. Yep. And we're cheering a strong, brave man like Daniel Penney, who fills the gap to keep us safe.


But I'll just give you, Just listen To this CNN anchor Adi Cornish, who seems genuinely confused about this reaction that some of us are having. Here's SAT six, When I hear lawmakers healing Penny as a hero, as a good Samaritan really being promoted, can you help me understand the thinking? Just we started at the top of the show talking about the killer of the United Healthcare, CEO being hailed in similar terms. Yeah, Yeah. Let me, let me just help you understand. If you're on the American left tonight, here's my chart. The good guys today, Daniel Penny, the bad guys. Luigi man, gioni, it seems to me, How do you, everybody on the list, what's the chart for victims?


I'm just, I'm just telling you what I see out in the world. I know, I know. I just Want you finish the chart. What, what, What the victim, which Your own, what what I'm telling you is that's not on The second, second page. People on the left, people on the left can't seem, can't seem to tell the difference between the Good guy and you about that. I'm asking bad people on the left. I'm asking you whether crazy you consider this person. We have people ping You. I want, You know, whether, whether you think that one is not as Congressman Crane does, that Daniel Penny should get the congressional gold medal to recognize his heroism. I'm not asking you about anyone. I think he ought to get metal. I think he ought to build a statute of this guy. Thoughts on that, Heather? I I, fantastic. I completely agree.


I mean, he is, he represents something so archaic, which is male chivalry, selfless help of others stepping in to protect the weak people. Were terrified on that subway car again, for good reason. It is perfectly rational. The, you mentioned before with regards to taking psychedelics, if you're psychotic, the category of it's called micas, MI c's, mentally ill chemical abusers. They are very violent When you, when you cross being mentally ill schizophrenic and chemical abuse that leads to very high rates of violence. So those people who were terrified when Jordan Neely burst into the subway claiming he wanted to die, he wanted to go back to jail.


Implicitly, I'm gonna kill somebody to go back to jail. They were completely based on reality. What kills me the most, Megan, we have two types of hypocrisy. We're we're, we're bracketing for now, the race hypocrisy. But, but it, it overlaps with all this Lin Remos. Well, why didn't people help Jordan Neely, You know, at the start of this, the, the New York Times ran this hilarious feature about what to do if you see somebody acting out on the subway and fir the first first suggestion was, well get the hell out of there, which mo which is what most people do. But it also said, well go up to that person and say, do you need something?


God, is there anything I can do for you? All of these people, Al Sharpton, all of the race baiters and, and, and, and, and, and Audrey Cornish and whoever else it is that are saying, well, why didn't Daniel Penny help him? Jor Jordan Neely was just, this was just a cry for help. None of them. I can guarantee you, Meghan, and I'm happy to be proven wrong. Somebody come up and prove to me that you on the left have gone up to a psychotic raving, drug addicted vagrant and said, how can I help you? None of them have done it. Sharpton is going on saying he needed help. I can guarantee you he has never done that. And especially you've never done it in a subway car.


Maybe people have. He's also saying he wasn't a threat. He said it his at, he went to the funeral of Jordan. Ian said he pos no threat. He's just such a hustler, n non fact based who tries to gin up anger and riots and protests. He tried again here without any care for the consequences that follow and that will bring us officially to the race discussion here where the Sharptons and the NAACP and this lunatic from BLM Shavana Newsom, who's the co-founder of the Greater New York chapter after the verdict, had this to say, listen, There is no one coming to save black people or else we wouldn't live in these ghettos.


We wouldn't be in these prisons and we, we would be further along than we are. We wouldn't be at the absolute bottom. So forgive me for being jaded and cynical, but once we saw those non-white jurors, we knew that this case was over nine of them. The only crime that Jordan Neely was guilty of was the color of his skin. Come on and shame on this jury, because to be real, they didn't even try these wonderful white people. I hope they celebrate their Christmas while the Neely family is praying and asking God for comfort. God damn them. And God damn America Hypocrite. She's a total hypocrite. 10 days after the Jordan Neely penny incident, there was a 16-year-old girl named Qua Claudia Quanti, who was sitting in an SUV at a queen park.


Three guys came up, opened fire on her, she was brain dead for, for several days. She was, she was in a queen's hospital brain dead during the Nor Jordan Neely funeral, which was another fake, totally fake outpouring of, of fake compassion. Nobody mentioned Claudia Quanti. There's been every single month there are black children who are gunned down by insane black gang bangers. None of them have ever been protested by Black Lives Matter activists by this woman. Never. It is again, this is going on.


Dozens of blacks are killed by other blacks every single day and there's never any protest about it. The only time that a black victim gets any attention from the civil rights so-called activists, is when there's the remote possibility of a white person killing that black person. And we're gonna bracket whether this is even causal here with Penny and Neely. The fact of the matter is, is that blacks are 35 times more likely to engage in violence against whites than whites are against blacks. If we wanted vigilantism, You know, there's a lot more cause for vigilantism on the white side.


I am not justifying it, but the idea that white people are the source of danger to black lives is completely preposterous. Blacks die of homicide between the ages of 10 and 24 at 25 times the rate of whites. So in one sense, when President Barack Obama and President Joe Biden say that black people should be right to fear that their kids will be shot when they step outside. That's right. In one sense, because the black crime rate is so high, but what they mean is their right to fear that white people will kill their black children. That is a complete lie.


But it is one that has not been rebutted. It continues to create hatred, animosity in inner city neighborhoods and throughout academia. And it's, I am looking forward to a president in the White House that is not gonna continue this total, total fabrication and, and insult to the police officers of this country, that they are a threat to black people rather than the, their best chance short of the reconstitution of the black family to lead safe, normal lives. We have a minute to break, but I'll say this on the subject of good cops, they, the, the two cops who arrested Luigi Manni in that McDonald's in Altoona, Pennsylvania, two hours outside of Pittsburgh.


One, the one who confronted him was a rookie. He'd been on the job as a police officer for this group, for this jurisdiction six months and went over there, managed to get him to take his mask down, managed to ask him the question about whether he'd recently been in New York and managed to affect an arrest that easily could have gone wrong, could have wound up in gun violence. The guy was carrying a, a weapon with his silencer and his hollow point bullets and managed to take this killer, suspected killer into custody with absolutely no problem. I mean, an example in how it's done. So, You know, while we're always on the subject of how terrible our cops are, maybe a word for him.


Al Sharpton would love to, he's not interested because Luigi's not black. Alright, standby. We have more with Heather McDonald After this quick break, don't go away.


Are you ready to challenge yourself and dive deeper into the ideas that Shape America? Prager U is a conservative nonprofit that promotes American values through educational videos that reach millions of young people every single day. Prager u's five minute videos. They deliver the best ideas from the best presenters in five focused minutes. Five minute video hosts include Ben Shapiro, Dave Rubin, Vivek Ram Swami, VDH and more. Right now, Prager Yu is offering you a chance to expand your knowledge on a range of topics through their exclusive five minute video challenges. Learn everything you ever wanted to know about poli sci economics, the Constitution, American Wars, and the founding fathers. When you sign up for a Prager U Challenge, which is 100% free, you receive a different top rated five minute video every day. You'll receive a special edition ebook for each challenge exclusively from Prager u. Join the millions of others who are already benefiting from these powerful bite sized lessons. Go to prager u.com/challenges and sign up for free today.


Get the Honda of your dreams during happy Honda Days with a sporty new civic Accord HR-V or CR-V. For a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-V a 4.9% A PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% A PR on a 2025 HR-V. See Dealer for financing details, exclude civic SI and type R.


I'm dying to talk to you about Trump's cabinet picks, including Pete Hegseth. I heard your discussion with Anne Coulter and I thought it was typically fascinating and I'll just get the audience caught up on where Pete's nomination stands right now, where he's still facing some problems potentially with Murkowski Collins, maybe McConnell and maybe Joni Ernst and the first three are not expected. Joni Ernst is causing a lot of anger on the right because she's a Republican senator from Iowa, which is a red state, and I think they expected better from her and there for the past few days.


Now there has been trending on X, the hashtag Judas Joanie, where Republicans are ex expressing their outrage that she seems to be getting ready to, in their view, betray them by holding up this nomination. She had a second meeting with Pete on Monday and put out a statement that may or may not be indicative of some soft dinning. I'm not sure if I believe it is. Here's what she wrote. I-P-P-I-I appreciate Pete Heg Seth's responsiveness and respect for the process. And that's anodyne following our encouraging conversations. Okay, Pete committed to completing a full audit of the Pentagon and selecting a senior official who will uphold the rules, the roles and value of our servicemen and women based on quality and standards, not quotas, and who will prioritize and strengthen my work to prevent sexual assault within the ranks.


As I support Pete through this process, I look forward to a fair hearing based on truth, not a anonymous sources. She later called it a very productive reading meeting, sorry, and then she said, we're just moving through the process, but he does respect that I'm taking the time. I don't know what that means, Heather. What I, my understanding is, is she's no more committed to doing anything with Pete besides getting him a hearing and listening to what is said in the hearing. But I have to be honest, I don't really sense a bunch of softening in that statement. And I too think Joni Ernst may still be a no and she could tank this nomination.


What do you make of Pete Hegseth? Well, my concern with Pete Hegseth is that he doesn't have the bureaucratic experience to be able to manage the world's largest, most clotted, most overfunded, most bloated, self-involved bureaucracy on the planet, which is the Pentagon. I think that being a disruptor may not be enough in, in something like that, that you have to have again. And I'm not, I'm not in that world, so I may be over romanticizing it, but I would think that there's a certain degree of almost military skill of understanding, You know, when you strike, when you pull back and the otherwise the blob will, will consume you.


That's my concern with Hegseth. As far as the T Joni t Seth interaction, what really depressed me was after their interaction, he had some comment about, well, You know, I'm so, so happy to work with a wonderful combat service woman and, and You know, we're all for our combat men and, and, and women in combat. My strong support for Hegseth is based on one issue and one issue alone. His promise to end females in combat units, which is a complete travesty. It has nothing to do with military preparedness.


It is only about being able to credentialize females. That's because you need to have combat experience in order to be a four star Pentagon general. It has nothing to do with making us a stronger fighting force. In fact, it is, it is a certainty that it will weaken it because when you introduce females into combat units, you introduce aeros, which destroys combat cohesiveness. It is inevitable that you are gonna have jealousies, you're gonna have fist fights breaking out. You're gonna have pregnant females as we've seen in our submarines, which is also not at all compatible with combat readiness. But I fear that in order to get these dissenters or or fence sitters on board, he's gonna have to throw out that that pledge.


Now obviously the elephant in the room that I'm not addressing yet is the sexual assault allegations. And, and my position on that, Megan, is that I really don't care short of an actual crime that's been committed and there are real sexual crimes and those are should be punished and they should be disqualifying. If somebody is simply a sexual aggressor, a bore, I do not care. I I, I have a strict distinction between public virtues of leadership and private behavior of aeros. Aeros makes everybody crazy, but it has no bearing on whether can somebody can be a good public leader, a leader of men able to engage in political persuasion to make compromises where necessary to carry people along on a transformative mission, which is what has to happen with the Pentagon.


And especially in this case where these are anonymous accusers. I'm even less willing to credit that. But I, I would just, those who feel like there should be an absolutely porous membrane between somebody's private sexual life and their public capacities. Just imagine if James Madison had been a skirt chaser and let's say in a under me too standards. He was seen as being too aggressive towards subordinates. This would be maybe in his household, maybe towards maids working in his household, that he was too handsy with them. A me too hater of males.


A me too warrior who believes in tearing down male civilization would say that because James Madison did not always have his erotic impulses under complete check. He therefore should have been thrown out of the constitutional convention and we never would've had the most extraordinary document that grows out of centuries of development of constitutional theory, which is uniquely a western creation. That the fact that James Madison was maybe acted out improperly in his household should discredit him from public leadership. I simply don't believe in that. So I'm gonna judge Pete Hegseth on his public capacities, and as I say, the, the concern I have there is whether he's got the, the clout, the knowledge, the understanding to be able to reform the Pentagon.


He's certainly got the desire, which I think is the main goal of Trump selecting him, that they're on the same page with respect to mission. But I, I listened to you and I listened to Anne, and Anne was much more in the old school Republican camp of character matters. He cheated on all three of his wives. He reportedly cheated on the first wife some five times. That's unconfirmed. But Gabe Sherman is reporting that the ex-wife says he told her that. And so how can he sit atop a military where we prosecute people for infidelity and in effect pass judgment on these guys who still do get court-martialed for doing things like that.


Okay, well that's a different issue. I didn't remember she made that point. If that's the case, if She prosecuted, no, I don't know if she made that last point. That was me. But, but do, if we prosecute for infidelity, then I would say that, that that's the choice. The Pentagon is made. I would say I'm, I'm all for fidelity. I'm all for marriage. I think the disappearance of marriage is a very, it's, it's the most catastrophic thing of a, of modern culture. I don't know about prosecuting for infidelity, but if that's the case, then clearly he shouldn't be nominated Because he has violated the oath of office and the, and the conditions of, of leadership. Short of that though, if that, if there wasn't that rule, I just think cheating on your wife, it's very regrettable and it's extraordinarily painful within a domestic situation.


I've been through divorce. I can tell you it is traumatic and it leaves lifetime scars. But I don't think that that has any bearing on whether somebody can be a leader of men. I can well imagine that some of the greatest military heroes, some of the greatest public leaders, whether it's Bonaparte when, You know, there's a division of opinion on him, Alexander the Great people, but, but even people within America's own history that they didn't control themselves completely to normal standards when it comes to females. Same with females on to men. I just don't think that that's relevant for public leadership.


I think there's character matters, but I think that that's the character of public character. Are you magnanimous towards your enemies? Are you willing to extend an olive branch after conflict? I think the great reconciliation after the World War, after Civil War between Ulysses Grant and Robert Lee, that was an extraordinary moment that both men showed Mag amenity of spirit. That's one of my complaints about Trump is I don't think, I don't care about his private behavior, but I don't particularly respect him for his public character. I think he's nasty. I think he's vindictive.


I think he should model male virtues in a way that Daniel Penny did, which is chivalry, heroism, self-sacrifice. I don't see that in Trump. I see a narcissist in Trump. Those are the values that I care about, especially today with males being viewed as Perez with being, they are hated by the elite establishment, especially straight white males. They are viewed with contempt and, and the basically an effort to replace them from every institution. I look for males who can model what traditional male virtues are and be proud of them. Hmm.


I do think Trump's a narcissist. No big surprise. Most of the people who run for and, and become president are, but I, I can defend him on that other front in that, You know, look at him now after the election, Joe Biden telling everybody that he's Hitler, he's a Nazi, he's a white supremacist fascist. He sat down with him and said, You know, it was a tough election. A lot of tough things get said in these elections, but that's politics. Same thing with Jill Biden over in Notre Dame Cathedral this week. Smiled at her, was nice to her, sat down. I mean, Marco Rubio as Secretary of State, those two did strong rhetorical battle back in 16. Yours truly, he didn't like me for a year, but we are great now.


You know, he, I think he actually is sat, he accepted a meeting with Joe and Mika from Morning Joe. They came down to Mar-a-Lago and he was kind to them. Like, I think Trump is capable of looking past strife and an adversarial relationship just as long as the other person would like to do that too. I hope you're right. I hope we've, I would say that's turning over a new leaf. I think that his behavior towards Jeff Sessions was appalling. People defend Trump and say, yeah, but look at what Jeff Sessions did. Jeff Sessions was acting on what he believed the constitutional principles was. Were I, I'm not a fan of his nicknames.


I think their, their juvenile, they're an embarrassment. But that's the one area where I guess I'm a girl because most boys that I know, most males think they're funny. I don't, but, and I, but I know there's many female females think they're funny too. You like which one? Who's, who is Rocket Man For Kim Jong? Oh, okay. That, that, that's okay. I guess you're allowed to maybe the enemy you could, like, they don't deserve any respect, but I think our, our political domestic app opponents, we should be a little bit more a adult towards. But Rockman was good, but I've run to sanctimonious. But, but anyway, let's just hope it's a new, it's a new, it's a new era for Trump.


Yeah. I would also say, I think Joe Biden deserves credit too for, for his behavior with Trump. You know, it's easy for Trump to extend the Olive branch, but, but Biden was the one, You know, who was pushed aside and, and, and so he, that was, that was a good moment for our country. Yep. Yep. So how are you feeling now? I mean, we elected Trump. The Republicans are gonna control the Senate and the House. They don't have a filibuster proof majority. We've got a six three majority on the US Supreme Court. Ah, I don't, how are you feeling, Heather? I'm optimistic for the once, for first time in my life. I actually found myself imagining what could happen with 12 years of Republican rule that I think we could really get this country back on track.


So I just hope that Trump restrain himself so that JD Vance is a s shoe in because I would love to see a Vance presidency. I think that the Trump is much wiser now. I think he started in on trying to end the anti-white male hatred at the end of his administration. It was too late by then. Now some of his, his picks are just fantastic. Jay Bach, the head of NIH Bach, of course, was one of the authors of the Great Barrington Declaration, which came out against Lockdowns, which came out against the arbitrary tyranny of the public health establishment with these rules that were pulled out of thin air against school closures.


We've seen the real problem with the school closures. It's not only the learning loss, it is that it has widened the academic skills gap between blacks and whites, which guarantees further racial strife in the future. Bachar was the victim of, of censorship on the government's part. He is going to restore our science establishment to meritocratic excellence. He will ream out the billions of dollars that are spent on promoting race and sex in science rather than accomplishment the immigration agenda. I think Trump is much more hard hitting at this point. I love Tom Holman.


So I think this could be an amazing thing. I'm totally thrilled enthralled by the Vivek Musk Alliance. I just hope that they're not such big egos that they end up going after each other ultimately, and we'll have like some big cage fight, You know? But if they can work together, if they can work together, how can this not be a good thing? So I'm usually an a pessimist. I, I've lost four stake bed dinners on the Trump election. I thought he would, there's no way he'd be reelected. But I I think that the momentum is so great now. It's hard to see that at least in the first a hundred days, he's not gonna take accomplish a hell of a lot.


Yeah. Tom Holman apparently was speaking at an event in Chicago yesterday and began the remarks by saying, your mayor sucks and your governor sucks. Yes. Right, Right on. True. We speak for us all Sir Tru Brandon Johnson. Oh, he, he's the worst. Yeah, absolutely. Yeah. Yeah. We will fi soon find out whether Hegseth and these others get through. But the reports right now are that, that team Maga has effectively gotten it, that the Pete Hegseth nomination is, it's about more than Pete. Because if they give on him that wait until you see what they do to Bobby Kennedy and a lot of the others getting into their personal lives, making bad personal choices, the stakes for the nomination. It's like the now's the time to fight.


And if we give on this one, we're, we're probably gonna lose our FKJ among others. Heather McDonald, I love talking to you. Please come back anytime. Thank you so much, Megan. It's such an honor. Oh gosh. Such a, such a privilege for me to be able to engage in these conversations. Love her. Okay, so before we take a break, I wanna bring you a couple of updates that we're getting now on the, on the arrest of this Luigi Mangione and the latest in this case. 'cause some stuff is happening, the, there are now death threats against the police officers who arrested the guy. People have lost their minds.


They're, they're threatening the lives of the cops who arrested him because he's already seen as such a folk hero. I mean, I don't think this guy thought this through because it was very clear he would eventually wind up arrested. I mean, with his picture plastered all over the United States like that. What did he think was gonna happen? Of course, they were gonna get him in modern day America, and how did he see that going? How does he think his, his back troubles are gonna do any better in prison with the healthcare there? Does he think he's gonna be getting an interventional radiologist or interventional pain management doctor giving him radiculopathy while he's locked up as a convicted felon?


Probably in one of the worst, most maximum security prisons we have. I, I'm not sure it's gonna work out so, so well for Luigi, and by the way, I don't know if I even believe the whole insurance thing because I don't know that it was personal to him. Since it sounds like he comes from a very rich family, and those are the families that can handle bad insurance news. It tends to be the poor families who wind up paying the price if an insurer doesn't cover something. So I, I don't know. To me it seems more likely that this guy's in the psychotic break camp, either because of schizophrenia, which is right around now, it's like 19 to mid twenties, that it kicks in. Even even with people who seemed fine before or maybe there was a psychedelic induced break, You know, maybe he overused some medications.


Maybe it was in connection with back pain that he made that choice. Total speculation on my part, just thinking out loud here. But there's gotta be an explanation for why he went postal. I mean, he, that's what happened here and we just need to Learn more about it. Now, I will say that the, there was a former NYPD guy, former NYPD captain named John Monaghan. He was on CNN last night, and he was suggesting that he did not believe Luigi, if this is in fact is our guy, Mangione was done. That he actually thought he was probably on his way back to New York and possibly to commit another crime that he was making the point that the buses, You know, he took a Greyhound bus, the buses out of Penn Station, which I, I think is where he left go to, he said New York, Philadelphia and one other town and that to DC and that he believes Luigi got on a bus to Philly and then headed back to Pittsburgh and Altoona and that he believed based on the route that the guy was traveling New York w was next, that he was gonna go back there.


And this may not have been the end of his crime spree, which would explain why he still had the gun on him. I mean, yes, you could say it was for a confrontation with cops, but there's no report that he lurched for his backpack, which I believe was right there in the McDonald's. Actually, can we show the pictures that we've seen now of him in the McDonald's? I mean, it does look just like him, but his backpack was reportedly right by him in the McDonald's. Hello? Are we going to put it up in the air? I guess we'll get to it. There. There he is. I don't know what he's sipping there, but he's sitting there with some something in his right hand. It's a, it's a hash brown.


He is eating a hash brown with his mask off of his face and a big sort of burnt orange beanie on his head. And anyway, reportedly his backpack was right there, his laptop was right there. So he didn't lurch for it. He didn't try to have a shootout with cops. So you tell me why he held onto the gun. Listen to John Monaghan last night on Anderson Cooper 360. So 11, What stands out to me is the fact that, You know, earlier they were asked that the Pennsylvania leadership was asked, is he cooperating? And he said initially that he was, but then he stopped and then we charged him Anderson. That is the exact sequence of events that has to occur if you want to get information from this prisoner and that gun.


I know ballistics expert Edison, but I don't, I, it doesn't look like something that was created by a 3D printer. He went to Philly, then he went to Pittsburgh. Now Commissioner Miller asked a very good question, what was next? He started, Pittsburgh is well west of Altoona, he's heading back to New York as he approaches Altoona, Pennsylvania. I wonder how much ammunition was in that backpack. Let's think about what did not happen in that McDonald's. He didn't have a chance to draw that weapon to commit suicide, which he may have been prone to do. He never a chance to draw that weapon, to fight it out with the cops. And he was still there. What kind of restaurant is that? Fast food restaurant. They were there very quickly. How long the people sit in McDonald's eat their breakfast. 10 minutes stops.


They got there right away. And we're getting more now on exactly how they got there. So now, You know, remember yesterday we talked about was it an elderly patron who IDed him or was it an employee? And now what we understand at least as of today is that there was a guy who was there with his buddy eating McDonald's and they saw him and they were saying, looks like the guy, hello, looks like the guy from the shooting. And then a female employee agreed and called the police. Well, one of those customers to whom I just referred, gave an interview to Fox and described what went down that morning.


Listen, here, A group of us are here every day and one of my friends, and I thought he was kidding when the, when the shooter, I'm assuming was the shooter who they made the arrest on, came in, he made a comment, well that looks like the shooter from New York. But I thought he was I the group of us. I thought it was more of a a, a joke and we were kidding about it. But then as it turned out, it was him. And like I said, the employee that thought it was him that I guess started the initial like investigation on it.


I, I talked to her later, I said, I said, was I here when he came in? And she goes, yeah. And she goes, actually, you and your your friends and all were, were making a joke. Almost like a saying, You know? And that's pretty much about it. I, my friend Mike that said this, he, I asked him again this morning. I said, were you kidding or not? He said, no, I was serious. He goes, the backpack, the jacket all resembled the one he said the day of the shooting, there was no reaction like from him. Whenever my friend said that, and I, and the worker, if she heard us talking, he had to have heard us.


But there was no, no Wow. Think of that. Just two regular guys sitting there having their McDonald's saying, that looks a lot like, and it did. I mean, you see that picture? He's got that burnt orange beanie. He's got, here's the other shot of him. He's got the sort of medical mask on the covid mask on again. And, You know, thanks to law enforcement in New York that went back and got pictures of him at the youth hostel where he'd been staying. We did have that picture of him bare faced. Remember he pulled on his mask for a minute to flirt with a girl. And we had the second picture of him in the back of either a taxi or an Uber totally bare faced where you could see his face.


And it's a pretty distinctive face very clearly. And they got that everywhere. So these customers and the employee had two visions of the guy in their head with the mask and without, and apparently they saw both while he sat there in McDonald's. Why didn't he, this guy who planned this elaborate crime, why wouldn't he have changed the color of his hair got gotten into a disguise, right? Like, hello? You still look exactly like the, the picture that's everywhere of you. Of course we're going to notice you. And by the way, you're not even that far from New York. How is this a disguise? Like the, I think the cover of the, the color of the beanie may be different.


I'm not sure, but I don't get why he wasn't dressed in like a woman's wig or shaving his head and walking around with glasses and no mask. Like why wouldn't he have changed his look dramatically in order not to be caught? I don't totally understand that. On the subject of his alleged back pain and who he was, there was an interesting exchange again on CNN with RJ Martin who lived with Luigi Mangione at some co-living community in Hawaii. Apparently this is some community he joined with, with a lot of gamers who were out there who were kind of living ragtag with one another.


That's not exactly what you think your kid's gonna do after he graduates with a master's degree from U Penn. But listen to RJ Martin in Sad eight. So when I first interviewed him before he moved in, I remember he said he had a back issue and he was hoping to get stronger in Hawaii. So he is always focused on trying, when he first came, he went on a surf lesson with other members and unfortunately just us basic surf lesson, he was in bed for about a week. We had to get a different bed firm that was more firm. And I know it was really traumatic and difficult. Did he have any conversations with you then, or even afterwards about that issue? And I mean his back, how he heard it?


I mean obviously anything to do with the insurance process of it. You know, I don't, the only thing he ever mentioned, You know, he mentioned, oh, I need to go back to see my doctor and that I'm gonna have to have a degree. I encouraged him and brought him to yoga classes. He would do calisthenics on his own. I know he was really focused on being strong and healthy, but it also weighed on him that he knew that there was an impending surgery. Hmm. He went on to speak about whether he seemed embittered listen to, so nine, The, did you have conversations about any of the issues that, You know, we now even see in, in the writings that he had on him when he was arrested?


I mean, did he talk about, I mean, I'm not even as maybe as specific as health insurance, but, but capitalism a, anything of that nature? You know, I apologize. I haven't read any of the media that's, that's happened. I, I heard about it when a reporter called me. So I'm not familiar with what his writings were, but I know we talked about social issues and we talked about how to improve the world and we talked about, You know, issues that are, You know, say with capitalism or with the healthcare system or with housing or the food systems. It wasn't, You know, anything specific. It wasn't like he had an ax to grind or he was even upset or angry about a particular issue or they were just natural intellectual conversations that you have when you're inquisitive.


He also confirmed that Luigi did have surgery and that Luigi sent him an x-ray of his back saying that he confirmed he had surgery. He sent me the x-ray. It looked heinous with giant screws going into the spine. He said that Luigi was not a violent person, never once talked about guns or violence, that he cannot make sense of what has happened here. And others who knew him too, who are speaking out now said similar things about him. A former college classmate mate told Fox News, very polite, driven engineering student, usually had a smile.


He was a little removed from the bar and party scene. He seemed like someone who's more likely to start a nonprofit than, than to read manifestos. Another former college classmate Tol Fox News. I wanted to set him up with one of my best friends Because he would be a great boyfriend. Someone named Aaron Cranston, former classmate of his at the Gilman School, this high high school in Baltimore, said he was a smart and ambitious student. It was hard to understand him being suspected in such a crime. But he did know that he and other peers had been forwarded a message earlier this year when men, Joni's family was trying to track him down.


This man Cranston said, the message reported that the family members had not heard from Luigi for several months following his back surgery and were looking for him. A person who had been in the same fraternity with him at the University of Pennsylvania said he had heard that Mangione had been out of contact with many people from campus for the last year. And they, he said the last time he'd spoken to Mangione was in February of 23 when Mangione mentioned that he had suffered a spine injury. So we're not totally sure of the chronology, but it does appear that this guy was withdrawing from society bit by bit and that it may have related to the back.


His family issued the following statement, our family's shocked and devastated by Luigi's arrest. We offer prayers to the family of Brian Thompson and we ask people to pray for all involved. We don't know whether the family was looking at those photos thinking, oh my God, that's Luigi. We do know that they had no obligation to call police and report him. That is not yet a thing in America. You do not have to call police and turn in a relative. Now if you harbor him, that's a different story. But you don't have to say that looks just like Luigi. You should look him up. So we don't know whether they recognized him from the pictures that were everywhere, but man, what a story. I'll leave you with this.


FBI profiler Dr. Mary Ellen O'Toole, who did help capture the Unabomber, was speaking out on local news about Luigi and You know, what could possibly be behind this kind of act. And here's what she said. And early on to me it was, it was pretty clear that you had a person that had practiced but wasn't experienced. Yes, he wore a mask. Yes, he wore gloves. Yes, he got rid of his backpack. He did things to show that he thought things through, but he had never been through it himself until last week when he shot and killed the CEO. 'cause I hear that come up a lot in different cases.


This person really wanted to be caught. And I really have not seen that. I see people that want to get credit for their criminal behavior. I see people that want to be recognized for their ideology, recognize for their beliefs and their philosophies. If the manifesto and his ideation and his philosophies were really important, he would want credit for those. But to say, I want to be arrested and, and, and go to prison for most of my rest of my life, or most of it, I don't see that. But the one question that I would have is, what precipitated your decision to take this to a criminal level?


I certainly would allow him to explain to me what his thinking is and his manifesto. 'cause I do think that that's something that he'd wanna talk about. And I do think he does not want it to be misunderstood. Hmm. Right now he's not talking online. He praised Ted Kozinski the Unabomber saying he's been misunderstood. Maybe he'll start talking. But usually the way this works is after you've been officially charged, which he now has, as I said, second degree murder, it's gonna have to go up to first. Then you get a lawyer and your rights kick in and you don't have to talk. And so far he is not talking. So we'll see. This case is gonna rely on the physical evidence that they found on him when they arrested him, in addition to a forensics comparison between the gun and the bullets and what was found in the victim and at the crime scene.


What a case. Thank you all. Standby. I'm going to bring on a guest next who you may know, maybe not by his name, but as the guy who baked the cakes out in Colorado, who then refused to bake a cake for a gay marriage, whose case went all the way up to the US Supreme Court and then a trans customer started harassing poor Jack Phillips. And now that case has gone all the way up to the Colorado Supreme Court and boy oh boy, has there been a result? He's here to tell us what it is in person.


Next four years of crushing interest rates, runaway inflation and reckless government spending, and who's paying the price? Now you are. You might have bills stacking up debt collectors on your back. You might barely be able to keep food on the table. Done with Debt can be a way out. They have developed new aggressive strategies designed to get you out of debt permanently without bankruptcy or loans. Done with Debt stands between you and your bill collectors. They can go head-to-head With creditors getting balances, reduced interest rates, slashed and penalties stopped. They create a plan to end your debt fast and to put more cash in your pocket every month. And right now, Done with Debt is accepting new clients. But you need to act fast because some credit relief programs expire before you even consider making another payment. Consider a visit to Done with Debt dot com or just call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54 right now, speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


Introducing Instagram Teen accounts. A new way to keep your teen safer as they grow. Like making sure they've got the right gear for riding knee pads. Check and helmet done. See you dad. New Instagram teen accounts, automatic protections for who can contact your teen and the content they can see. Get the Honda of your dreams during Happy Honda Days with a sporty new Civic Accord, HR-V or CR-V. For a limited time well-qualified buyers can get a 2.9% a PR on a 2025 Honda Accord or CR-V a 4.9% A PR on a 2025 Civic and a 3.9% a PR on a 2025 HR-V.


See Dealer for financing details. Exclude Civic SI and Ty r.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the me Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. Know car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Religious Americans have been under attack by former President Barack Obama and then President Joe Biden's far left policies for years. Don't believe me, the little sisters of the poor of all people had to go all the way to the US Supreme Court to get an exemption to Obamacare's contraception mandate. Bunch of nuns. And that brings us to the case of Jack Phillips. He is the incredibly talented cake artist from Colorado who declined to make a cake for a same-sex wedding due to his sincerely held Christian beliefs. His case went all the way up to the US Supreme Court and the ordeal took a major emotional toll on Jack, his family and his employees.


Here's part of my interview with him back in 2017, But it's been emotional for us as well. There were days where my wife was afraid, I actually afraid to come to the shop. We've had death threats, harassing phone calls. I've been forced by the government to give up 40% of my business, half of my employees. It's been emotional on our side as well. But the mainstream media won't tell you about Jack's pain. He wound up winning his case in 2018, but that was not the end of the story. On the very same day, the US Supreme Court agreed to hear that case, a transgender attorney requested that Jack make him.


It was a man posing as a woman a pink cake with blue frosting to celebrate a quote. Gender transition Jack once again declined. And that trans attorney took legal action against him. That case has been in the courts for years. Thankfully, in October, the Colorado Supreme Court dismissed the case, which is good for Jack, but they did it on procedural grounds. They didn't get into the substance about whether there was an obligation to bake the cake or not. They just said that the case had not been properly filed Here with me to discuss whether the harassment of Jack Phillips is finally over is the man himself, along with his attorney Kristen Waggoner, who is the president and General Counsel of Alliance Defending Freedom.


Welcome to you both. Great to see you both again. Well, congratulations, Jack, because at least this Chapman, this chapter of harassment against you is over. But how confident are we that the saga is over? You never know what other people are gonna do, but I know this case cannot be appealed by the the other side. And so it's completely finished. Were you thrilled when you finally got this ruling? I was. It was a, a really good ruling. The court did exactly what we asked them to do. They dismissed the case. And yeah, after 12 years, 12 years plus it's over.


And I can go back to my baking and, and the things that I love this business for. So the shop's still open, The shop is still open though it's a lot different than it was before all this started. First I just wanna make sure that it's clear that we serve everybody, including the person who sued us this time in the, the state of Colorado representing the two men who sued us before we serve everybody. But we just can't create every cake and every message with our, our express, every message with our custom cakes. Exactly. If they wanna come in and, and have a random cake or get a coffee or whatever, they can do all that. It's that you, you didn't wanna be compelled to celebrate gay marriage or pretend that men can become women through a cake.


Here's my question for you, Kristen. I'm worried because they didn't decide it on the substance, the Colorado Supreme Court and they should have. To me this is a no-brainer. There should have at least been been dictum in there saying, okay, they screwed up procedurally, so we're gonna throw it out. But by the way, since this case was started, 3 0 3 creative was decided by the US Supreme Court. And that case made very clear that a state's civil rights laws cannot force a business like Jax to engage in compelled speech. Even if the state lawmakers think the consel compelled speech is really, really good and really, really moral.


You're absolutely right. And essentially what the Colorado Court did, which is about as far left of a court As you can find, is they tried to not follow the 3 0 3 creative decision because it protects Jack and and kick the case on procedural grounds. But in terms of what happens next, Jack is gonna continue to speak freely. And I think what's important is to realize his case started in 2012. He's been on this journey for 12 years now and he was one of the first where government was trying to weaponize the law to silence censor and punish people because they disagreed with the government's view. And because of Jack Stan, it didn't just lead to one decision that protected religious freedom.


It led to the 3 0 3 creative decision that protects his speech as well as all of our speech. He's a warrior and he's been put through hell for two cakes. He's been put through hell over two cakes because he's become their favorite target. They're, they're trying to bully you. Jack, can you just tell us, can you give us a little bit about your, your childhood? Like what made you strong enough to stand up to people trying to bully you into saying No, You know, I'll just get past my beliefs 'cause I don't want this aggravation, But I know that my background was art was with art.


I love to draw on paint and sketch and sculpt and all those things growing up. And when I got to a job in a bakery and I found out there was cake decorating, then I knew that I could use that, my skills and talents and experience to use the cakes as a canvas to help people ex You know, express their messages and special events and special occasions as far as being able to stand up to all this for the last 12 years, the last defending freedom has been there right from the start to help us out. But one of the commissioners compared my decision compared religious freedom said it was a quote, despicable piece of rhetoric. And it's been used for all kinds of things like slavery and the Holocaust.


And my father fought in World War ii, he fought, he landed in Normandy, he fought, crossed France and Germany and Belgium. And he ended up being part of a group that liberated Buchenwald concentration camp. And for her to compare a decision to stand by my principles and not create a cake expressing a message that went so far against him to the Holocaust of Hitler was just ludicrous. So that kind of background, it's Part of the destruction of your life and your business and your character. I mean, it does take a very strong man to go through what you've been through, even with a group as great as alliance, defending freedom, standing by your side. It takes a lot of temerity.


I salute you again for fighting for all of us because 3 0 3 creative was huge. Kristen. And I do think it's important that when the, the lower courts in Colorado were ruling against Jack on this trans case, it had not yet been decided. They were ruling against him substantively like on the merits, but they had not yet decide been, You know, they're bound by that Supreme Court precedent 3 0 3 creative, which says you can't force compelled speech on a business. Then it came down and then the Colorado Supreme Court got the case, but they didn't deal with it. They just said we're balancing, we're throwing out, we're gonna rule for Jack because the other side screwed up procedurally.


So we haven't yet had the case that tries to test the trans thing wi in the wake of 3 0 3 creative. And the reason it's really important is because Gorsuch wrote the majority opinion in 3 0 3 creative, but he was critical to bostock, which is the reason it's illegal to make any hiring decisions or firing decisions that factor in somebody's trans status. So we're gonna get a case, are we not? That's gonna go up like maybe Jack's situation or I think it could happen in the, in the case of a company that demands somebody say the quote preferred pronouns, right?


Because that's what the state human rights law requires. And the person says, I'm not doing that in my religion like mine. You you, we don't believe that God makes mistakes on people and that there are only two sexes, male and female and I'm not gonna pretend that you can change. And that's exactly the kind of case where you could file it and you could say, I refuse. That's compelled speech. I'm not gonna say it. And you tell me at some point the Supreme Court is going to have to deal with what 3 0 3 creative means in that context. Megan, I would say I'm not sure that the case will go up, that it has to go up because I do feel like in some respects we've turned the tide on the gender identity issue. That's not to say that it won't, but I guess I would put it this way. In Gorsuch's opinion in 3 0 3 Creative, he made it very clear and explicitly said that you can't use these types of laws to violate people's constitutional rights.


And that you do have the right to be able to speak freely at alliance defending freedom. We have had the privilege of representing a number of teachers and counselors who have fought for their right to speak freely and not use the wrong pronouns and they've won. I believe that the majority of the Supreme Court will continue to protect the right of free speech in this area. But I also think it's critical to remember that doesn't mean the battles won't be fought in the lower courts and that perhaps they will have to take a case in the end because courts have ruled incorrectly, I think right now of the global censorship that we're seeing around the world and how it's playing out in the digital sphere. And it is gender identity.


That's the Trojan horse to this. But again, I would just say as we stand up, Jack provides an example for every average normal American that's just trying to go about their business to say, when my rights are violated, I can stand and I can make a difference and I can change the laws of a nation in doing so. Hmm. You gave me a chill there. Yes, that's exactly right Jack. So you mentioned it in passing that things have changed. I mean there has been a cost to you and we saw it in that NBC clip that, You know, you got emotional, it's not been easy, even though you have Kristen's help, it's been quite a journey.


Yeah, it has been quite a journey. Back when this started, we had a fantastic wedding business, a great reputation across, across the city. We had achieved awards from a national wedding magazine, a lot of employees, a lot of customers. It was just a lot of fun, a lot of energy going on and just creating the cakes to help these people celebrate all these special occasions. And now the government took all that away at the beginning. And so we're still trying to figure out what we're gonna do now that the Supreme Court of Colorado has dismissed this case. How we go forward? What's, what's the name of the cake shop? Masterpiece Cake Shop.


And is it, do you ship cakes? No, we don't ship cakes, but we do have a, a site where we can ship brownies and cookies. Okay. And The brownies are better. Megan, I'm just telling you, if you buy a dozen brownies, you'll eat them all. Well I have a feeling that a lot of my audience has just decided to send their friends and family some masterpiece cake shop brownies and cookies this Christmas season as a way of supporting you and making sure you stay on your feet. Jack. Well thank you so much. I am, I am just thrilled about all of this. So, alright, last bit. We just had a case go up, Kristen, where we were arguing about this issue yet again and whether children have a right to medications that sterilize them and deprive them of sexual function and enjoyment for the rest of their lives.


When their parents go in and say to a doctor they're trans, I think that's gonna go our way too. I think the Supreme Court's going to rule there is no such, right? And the bans on those procedures and medicines in some 22 states will be upheld. But what do you think? You're a lot closer to that one too. I'm optimistic. I think that the science is clear. You saw the Department of Justice in the Supreme Court argument walk back their claims that science supports this. We know it's experimental on children and that it's bringing great harm, irreversible harm. But I do think it's important that we continue this fight because one, they won't give up even if there's a win here at the Supreme Court.


And two, there are real victims that are resulting from this. So I would just encourage people need to understand what's at stake and on gender ideology, refuse to speak things that are not true. Biological reality matters and we need to insist on it. Alright. Quickly in the time we have left, is there any chance a federal ban on these medicines, so-called medicines for children could be upheld? Well, I'm not gonna speculate on whether it can be upheld. I think it will determine what the Congress hinges the right with which they have to act on it. But there is every chance, again, that states especially have the right to be able to regulate the practice of medicine.


And you can't use dangerous drugs that are illegal on children. And we're optimistic that it will be upheld. 26 states now have these laws. We just need more states to follow suit. Yes. And to see reason as they have in Scandinavia and the UK and elsewhere. Kristen, thank you Jack. Merry Christmas. All the best to you both. Same to you, Megan. Thanks for having us. Merry Christmas. Wow. Great. Great. Alright, we'll bring you the latest on all the news tomorrow. Thanks for listening. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


We all want to see our loved ones living their best lives, but it's hard when they're struggling with drugs and alcohol. For nearly 70 years, Karen has made it possible for so many to imagine a life beyond addiction. We combine advanced neuroscience with life-changing care. Visit CAR n.org, Karen, where the science of treatment meets the heart of care. Now in network with most insurances, that's CARO n.org.


During the holidays, I know the greatest gift is spending more time around the table with family. That's why I make sure to visit Food Lion dot com's Tips and tricks page so I can save money and spend more time with the people I love. Thanks Food Lion.