
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey Everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Tulsi Gabbard has been confirmed as the new director of National Intelligence. The vote was 52 to 48. How about that? It was basically a straight party line vote with Senator Mitch McConnell voting no, like he did with Pete Hegseth. We will have more on that tomorrow with our pals from Ruthless, but she's through. That's incredible. That was a tough one. I mean, as You know, I went to that confirmation hearing part of it, and my God, they were all so negative on her.


They, it's like they didn't wanna try something new. They notwithstanding Trump's overwhelming victory and his promise to the American people that he was gonna shake things up and it would not be business as usual. And he had his team of Avengers who he was gonna put in there. You had a bunch of old naysayers, You know, she's different. She looks different. She sounds different. She doesn't say all the things that all the others have said. And it took quite a bit of brow beating to get these Republican senators in line. You know, the letters she had to write. It's just, boy, they really make you bend the knee when you're in her position. But You know what she's in now and that's that. You know, all we really needed was your yes vote.


So thank you for doing that. And really there should be a conversation about like exactly what extractions are appropriate to demand by these senators of cabinet nominees. I mean, the, this person, she's working for Trump, right? She's got oversight by the Congress, but she, she's not working for you. She wasn't hired by you directly. Senator, I've got a couple in mind and I will do them the favor of not mentioning them here, but I think there will be a conversation to come on those who harassed people like RFKJ and tulsi into you will adopt all of my policy positions.


Or I won't vote yes on you. You're not the president. It's annoying. Alright, anyway, she got through. That's the important thing. Great. That's amazing. Thank goodness things are gonna change. They're gonna change within the, the intelligence services and the coordination of Intel. And maybe we won't be so quick to say things like WMD and have 51 intelligence agencies or agents, former, former officials cooperating with the agencies to undermine a presidential candidate. We need change. I mean, literally just today in the news, there was a story about how, remember how I told you there was a, there was a Department of Homeland Security raid.


There was an ice raid by Tom Holman in Colorado on one of those apartment complexes where Trend AUA has been hanging out this Venezuelan disgusting gang. And he showed up and they were gone. Every, every apartment was empty where it had been full the day before. He was about to deport these people. Criminal gang men members from Venezuela all gone suddenly. So there was a leak, a Tom Homan and ICE were showing up. And guess what Holman told Hannity last night? They think it was the FBI, they think the FBI was the one. We need serious overhaul at these organizations.


That's why people don't give two shits. What Cash Patel said about, You know, the FBI needs to be made into a museum that people of the deep state, right? We're sick of this partisan bullshit in our agencies that are supposed to be enacting the will of the people. The will in this case of the people's president, Donald Trump, that Tom Holman said last night, some someone's going to jail. This is beyond losing your, your your cushy post at the FBI someone who is going behind bars. They will figure it out. They, they will. And I can't wait to find out who it is. That's almost treasonous what that person has done.


I'm delighted that that agency's about to be in the hands of Cash Patel, it's great. And that you've got, You know, Tom Holman and Christie Nome, she said the same. She said, we think it was the FBI. How corrupt is this organization? So you've got Christie Noman, you've got Tom Holman, you've got Cash, Patel got Pam Bondy. All of 'em are gonna work together to stop this nonsense, to put a stop to this. 'cause the DOJ oversees the FBI. Okay, that's, that's that. Meanwhile, the big news of the day yesterday was when Doge chief also, You know, 40 billionaire, I don't know how, like when you have 40 billion, are you a 40 billionaire? What are you? Elon Musk stopped by the Oval Office yesterday along with his adorable son, ex, who's only four years old.


He loves that letter. Ex loves it. He's only four. And with President Trump sitting by his side, Elon held court with the media in a, a newsy casual, impromptu presser. It was a remarkable moment. And the left is predictably melting down over it every chance they have to drive a wedge between Elon and Trump. The other day I said, I'd show you the Time Magazine cover. Then I forgot to, maybe we can pull it over you guys, but, You know, time Magazine this week, it's got Elon at the Oval, in the oval at the Resolute desk. It's, You know, he's the real president, obviously, they're just trying to irritate Trump and poke at Trump's ego. You know, you're weak, you need Elon, you can't do it yourself.


You're too old or infirm. Guess again, Trump is too smart to fall for your petty games. He knows that Elon is a great asset, he has working for him. There's no confusion between the two men on who is Top Dog. And I don't think these petty tactics are going to work on Donald Trump. He's overcome a lot. I'm, I'm sure he can overcome a Time magazine cover and leftist media trying to press his buttons about why we're seeing so much of Elon. Do you think Trump really wants to be the one to go in and run Doge and like be a number cruncher on what's happening at these federal agencies?


Or do you think he might actually be delighted to be delegating some of that stuff to someone as smart as Elon and someone as proven when it comes to eliminating unnecessary fat from organizations as Elon, you really, they're very upset about Elon. The, the left, the politicians very upset about Elon and what he's doing. And we'll get to all of it. Joining me later in the program is Anna Kasper of The Young Turks. But we start today with our pal Adam Carolla of host of The Adam Carolla Show.


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, G C's online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


Adam, welcome back. Great to have you. So Elon goes into the oval last night and he's standing next to Trump at the Resolute desk. And You know, the media iss like he's literally, Trump is literally looking up at him. He's looking up at him just trying to diminish Trump. You know, Trump was sitting at the desk because he's the actual president, You know, you can't win, right? Like, what's he supposed to do? Pull up a little kitty table, like a little one of those little foldout TV trays for Elon to sit at and give us a presser. He was trying to give us transparency, but the media's been demanding and Elon stood there for 30 minutes answering all these questions on that have been raised by the media on what he's finding, You know, where he is made mistakes, how transparent he's trying to be, and how he's bringing it to us.


Nothing will ever satisfy them. Adam, I, for one, am amazed that this kind of patriotic citizen will sacrifice of himself in this way when he is got 5, 6, 7, I can't, I've lost count, other major businesses to run. And yet you listen to the left and they would think Trump had hired the devil incarnate to gut the most important agencies of this federal government. What do you make of it? Well, You know, it's funny because the media sort of reminds me of like 14-year-old girls and junior high, like just sniping at everybody and like being so catty and trying to kind of start fights.


I, I don't think they know that people don't take them seriously anymore or that most Americans don't take them seriously at all. But I was saying to Dr. Drew this morning, because I'm living with Dr. Drew at his house. 'cause I cannot return to my house in Malibu. And I was sitting in my little bathrobe on his sofa this morning when he came in and I was watching Fox and they were getting, they were going after, not Fox, but You know, the Democrats were going after Elon and they use billionaire like a pejorative now. Like, oh, this billionaire. I mean, they literally, I, they're gonna a loser start using, they're gonna start using genius as a pejorative in 10 minutes.


They're gonna go this billionaire genius with his billionaire genius friends. And I said to Dr. Drew, they use billionaire like we used to use bum. Yeah, they Really do. Like in the seventies we'd say, this guy, this bum comes in here with his buddies and he's such a bum, they use billionaire like a pejorative. And I'm like, I'm sorry. There's nothing wrong with being a billionaire. It probably means you worked a little harder. You're a little bit smarter and you're a little bit more focused. But it does show you where the media's heads at and where the Democrats heads are at, and that they think homeless people or illegals are noble.


And people that create jobs and pay millions in taxes are the problem. The strategy by the Democrats seems obvious now. Yes, they're trying to drive a wedge between Trump and Elon because they'd love to see Elon gone. They, they feel very threatened by the work he's doing. You know, taking a hard look at the bureaucracy and seeing where efficiencies can be found, meaning people can be laid off or fired or we can reduce the spending, which is the last thing they want. This is all left wing slush funds throughout these organizations. So they're terrified. That's why they're doing this. They want Elon gone. But their main, You know, newfound new Trump 2.0 form of resistance is lawfare.


They've filed now over 50 lawsuits to try to stop Trump's executive orders. And what it seems to me as I, as I zoom out a little and look at these and you tell me what your impression is, is that we had a congress that allocated money for various organizations and instead of just taking that money and like training teachers how to teach or You know, helping them improve math scores, they went completely rogue and radical left wing with all these organizations. Yes, from the Department of Education to this U-S-A-I-D and beyond. Now we're starting to see some other organizations and started funding like slush funding, DEI initiatives across the country, across the globe, shoving gender ideology down our throats at every turn.


And Trump goes in there and says, stop that. I want you to return to core emissions. Take all that nonsense out of there. I'm not spending anybody anybody's money on that stuff. I want it taken down and I want the people who are doing it fired and they file 50 lawsuits to say, you can't do, you have to spend the money we told the way that we told you to without any acknowledgement that they are not on mission and haven't been for some time. Yeah, it's kind of interesting if you think about the Democrats, they loved Michael Avanti and they loved Harvey Weinstein and they hate Elon Musk.


So should we really listen to anything these people have to say about anyone ever? And yes, everything turns in tax toward the left. You know, the A CLU used to be the A CLU when you and I were young, the Sierra Club, that was just a club of people who cared about the environment or the coastal commission. Those are men and women who were caretakers for the coast. Like every major organization eventually taxed toward the left. I don't know why it's probably baked in. It's like why does every college, why does every school teacher and school union, like, why do they all move toward the left?


It's, it's free money. Once you get free money, you start moving toward the left. So they've all done it, they've did it to themselves. I don't know why they have to do it, but the A CLU is not the A CLU anymore. It's a left wing radical organization and so is the Sierra Club and so is 20 other organizations that started off with some sort of founding mission of, You know, being fair and helping the environment or helping the citizens or, You know, protecting the constitution. It all goes left whenever you get a bunch of people, a bunch of college educated people and a bunch of free money, it goes left.


The law fair is working in some instances, at least at the first go round with the federal district court judges. But it's getting out of hand. Yesterday we saw a judge, it was a George W. Bush appointee, a federal district judge insist that that the federal government restore the DEI pages that had been taken down at CDC and NIH and another related agency because Vivek Murthy, who was Obama's Surgeon General, his group filed a lawsuit saying, You know, doctors really rely on those pages that, You know, they, they didn't take down the CDC website, they didn't take down NIH.


They took down select pages pursuant to Trump's anti DEI order. Like I don't want the gender ideology crap on government websites. It's non-factual, it's non-scientific and it's not helpful. And so they actually filed a lawsuit over these websites and this judge sided with the plaintiffs saying, you've gotta put those websites back to the way they used to be. Now we have federal district court judges policing individual web pages, Adam, I'm sorry, but we have, we've lost the plot that that that we should not be in a position where the judiciary article three can tell article two the president what web pages he has to have on government agencies.


Well, You know, when Trump did his first term, there were lots of provocateur, or I should say a lot of folks inside saboteurs there were, is still inside his circle. He didn't know it and I don't think he knew what was going on. But there were a lot of people that were there to stop Trump. And what he was doing that was during his first term, his second term, he figured that out and he weeded them all out of his cabinet in the White House. But they're still strewn about the country in the form of judges and other decision makers who are still very anti-Trump.


So it went from a sort of inner circle to now an outer strata of people that we're gonna have to do the same process to. We're gonna have to weed them out. Yeah, well we, we've gotta put our, our chips on the appellate courts because thank God we, You know, we on the sign of sanity control the Supreme Court. There's a six three majority for the conservatives. And I think that appellate courts will see the reason here too. I mean, it's just a, this is activists for this judge to do this. Here's Trump commenting yesterday at that presser with Musk on these judges trying to stop his eos.


It seems hard to believe that judges want to try and stop us from looking for corruption, especially when we found hundreds of millions of dollars worth much more than that in just a short period of time and wanna weed out the corruption. And it seems hard to believe that a judge could say, we don't want you to do that. Well, so maybe we have to look at the judges. 'cause that's a very serious, I think it's a very serious violation. The judge does block one of your policies, part of your agenda. Will you abide by that ruling? Will you comply? Well, I always abide by the courts and then I'll have to appeal it. But then what he's done is he slowed down the momentum and it gives crooked people more time to cover up the books.


You know, if a person's crooked and they get caught, other people see that and all of a sudden it becomes harder later on. So yeah. Yeah, the answer is, I always abide by the courts, always abide by him and will appeal. But appeals take a long time. And I would hope that a judge, if you go into a judge and you show 'em, here's a corrupt situation. We have a check to be sent, but we found it to be corrupt. Do you want us to send this corrupt check to a person or do you want us not to give it and give it back to the taxpayer? I would hope a judge would say, don't send it, give it back to the taxpayer. Yeah. That's the level at which he is being policed, Adam.


Yeah, I know it, it is also, it seems so apparent how earnest Trump is. I know many narcissists have a visceral reaction to it, and they have Trump derangement syndrome, which is really just a, affects narcissists the most. But versus Biden, remember Biden like four years of just sort of, nothing, just rambling, rambling. I don't know what he's talking about. Talk ever. Just the notion that Trump could sort of speak English and answer questions and say things that were sensical versus ideological. It's so refreshing to me, but it's strange that it's not refreshing to more Americans.


And the thing is, as You know, Biden, while he was vegetable, like in his outward facing persona behind the scenes, he had very woke left wing operatives shoving their DEI agenda into every facet of the federal government, all the agencies creating grants and incentives to people they didn't control and outside groups. And now Trump is trying to dismantle that, and now he's getting sued saying that it's been allocated the government, they were given this money and, and funds were allocated. It's like he doesn't have to spend all this money on the exact program that Biden pushed like it's money for DOE If Trump doesn't want money at DOE being spent on DEI, he doesn't have to spend it to the point where, like, when I'm talking about this Vivek Murthy thing, it's a group called Doctors for America.


And here's what they're complaining about. This is the couple of web pages that they took down in the wake of Trump's anti DEI executive orders a webpage for the Youth Risk Behavioral Surveillance system. Now, I don't know what was on this page that Trump's team found objectionable, but it was probably something to do with gender or, You know, minority, whatever, that everything is seen through that lens. So Murthy's team comes in and says, information from these webpages is important for understanding the mental health challenges that youth face, including bullying and other safety issues at school like, and then they say as well as the health related behaviors and exposures such as electronic vaping and cigarettes and their potential effect on mortality.


You've got to be kidding me. We, we now need a judge saying, I guess health professionals are not gonna understand the negative effects of cigarettes or vaping unless Trump puts back up this one page that also had DEI stuff on it. These doctors can't wing it on the dangers of cigarettes and vaping. And the second page was the Environmental justice index. The complaint was they delivered information that delivers a single rank for each community to identify and map areas most at risk for the health impacts of environmental burden.


Their left wing green New Deal agenda is no longer on the federal government's health pages. And these doctors are trying to act like this is some sort of a health crisis because now where are we gonna know the worst risks are for the health impacts of the environmental burden that we've been making up for 20 years. Yeah, it's, it's funny, these are all process people. They like process, they like paperwork, they like conversations. I, You know, what, what could you put on a website that would stop bullying or that would educate the bully or the, or the bullied on.


It's insane. It's like when you watch the Super Bowl and they run these spots saying stop hate. What exactly does that mean? Who are you speaking to? How's this ever gonna work? I mean, thank God you got rid of the end racism in the end zone. But yeah, these bizarre platitudes, like everyone has to read a brochure on something, it's in it's insane. We're hurting people really. They need to get back to sort of common sense horse sense. You know, just figure it out yourself a little a You know, a little autonomy. Kids can figure it out out. You don't have to go to a webpage and read about vaping. Plus, You know, as well as I do, this is their favorite thing is to force us to say and read their words.


Yes, you will read my thoughts on the environmental catastrophe that we're facing. You will read my thoughts on DEI and gender and it doesn't matter if I shoved them on some page that also speaks about cigarettes and vaping. The whole page must be saved because I need you and everyone to read my thoughts on gender. That's what they're pissed about. They're starting to lose the war on language control. Well, that's the whole plan. The whole plan is win the war of language and control everyone. When once you get the language, then you get the control. And that's why they pervert the language.


You know, when Gavin Newsom came into this studio and said, You know, half of Hispanic and half of blacks in California don't have access to checking accounts. It's like, what do you mean you don't have access? They have access. They choose not to get them. Well, first off, you're lying. It's not half, it's not close to half. But they say things like access, You know, like Hobby Lobby has denied access to birth control. It's like they don't deny access to it. They're not paying for it. I don't pay for lunch around here for my coworkers on a daily basis. Sometimes I do, but generally they're in charge of their own lunch, but I don't deny them access to a sandwich.


They can get it themselves. So they take the language and they pervert it. I mean, You know, they go from illegal alien to, You know, undocumented worker. Now it's undocumented American. So it's just basically someone who was born in the United States who left their passport in the bathroom when they're at the airport. It's insane. Now, obviously the reason they have to pervert the language is because their argument doesn't make sense otherwise. So when they, You know, denying women healthcare, it's like not healthcare, we're against abortion, not, not healthcare. That's different. You know, even when they talk about, when I was watching, I think Chris Hayes on Bill Maher the other day, making an ass of himself saying, well, you wanna deny my transgender child healthcare?


No, no. We wanna deny your 13-year-old from cutting off their penis. That's not denying healthcare. If your, if your transgender child has appendicitis, then we would like them to have their appendix removed, but Right. It's not denying healthcare to your transgender. And the reason they have to prefer the language is because their argument is retarded and it wouldn't make sense otherwise. Yeah. It's the same way they, they make us call, he's, she's so that we're in the position of saying she can't come into the women's locker room. She can't come into the bathroom and undermine our argument right from the get go. It's, it's all part of the same game.


I I do You and it's all, it's all part of the confusion game too. Like when the LA Times was reporting a story a couple years ago in LA you may have heard about it, where some like 25-year-old dude went to a Denny's bathroom and raped a 9-year-old girl. But now the 25-year-old dude identifies as a woman and their pronouns are they, so when they tell the story at the LA Times, they go, well, the 9-year-old girl went to the bathroom and then she came into the bathroom and they pulled out their PHUs and it's like, they, she are these two people.


Like it's all there for you to go. I listen, I'm out. Do what you want. Yeah, it takes some money. I'm going home. Okay, so that leads me to, I, I make it back to Elon in a bit, but I've got, this is a great segue into what's happening in Worcester, Massachusetts. Now we know Massachusetts is liberal, right? But they used to be not so far left that they wouldn't elect a Republican governor. Remember those days? Or even a Republican senator, remember Scott Brown back in the bush years now they're, they've just gone around the bend and Worcester Mass voted yesterday to make their city a sanctuary city for trans people.


Meaning they're not going to comply with any of President Trump's mandates. Eos I mean, good luck. This is flouting the law and we'll see how that works out for you. But I just, I would love for you to take a look at what, what the people look like and how they sound in Worcester Mass. Where this resolution to make Worcester Mass a sanctuary city for trans people passed overwhelmingly because of testimonials like these, I need the city to protect me because the federal government won't. And if you think you're afraid of Trump, you should see how afraid of Trump I am.


I don't want to be here, here, Please. I am sorry. Am I taking too long? Pleading for my life. You remembered how many children I have and how many, and the two of them are trans. I speak as both the B and the T in the LGBT, I'm Plete Disabled. I have Ellers Danlos syndrome, which is a connective tissue disorder that causes me immense physical pain. Does it? I'm on the autism spectrum and I have narcolepsy and I couldn't drive myself here. So I had to hide from my driver that I was in drag, which is not an easy thing to do in breath, not To spend an hour applying glitter on my face so that you'll hear and see me.


Can You look at me and tell me how many of my friends need to die? Before you do anything, please wrap up. Look At me. Okay, we're all done here. Fucking pathetic. We're all done. It worked. How can you, the narcolepsy and the autism and some sort of syndrome that gives nerve pain and it's hard to put the glitter on in the morning. And the one guy who is he, he is clearly a man wearing like a beanie, but his hair is long. He is like later he is like, I constantly get misgendered. You are like, wait, what are you even trying to look female? Is that there? This is not a well group, but they are still winning in places like Worcester, mass, which is just a little like a microcosm of explanation on how these insane policies got shoved into these agencies to begin with.


Adam. Yeah, it's not narcolepsy, it's narcissism. That's all these people are narcissists, supreme narcissists. They sit around and they go, me, I have this, what about me? You know, they think Trump is a narcissist because he wears three piece suits and puts on spray tan and has a pinky rink. But the real narcissism is the world is coming for me. They want me dead. They can't take me. That's a supreme narcissism. And also no one ever talks about it, but most of these people were victims growing up. There's a lot of sexual abuse and a lot of victimizing as a very young person that then translates into what you just saw as an adult.


And if anyone brings that up, it's a hate crime. But from doing Love Line for 10 years, I've heard all the stories and I've seen a lot of it. They, these are people that were most likely molested and victimized as young people. Then they got scrambled, then they got unleashed on us, and now we have to listen to them. Really what they need is containment. They don't need people agreeing with them or accommodating them. They need guardrails. It's, it's essentially the same thing the homeless community needs. They don't need compassion and understanding. They need tough love zip ties and a cot and a place to sober up.


Yeah, I'm really hoping they all just stay in Worcester. Great, take 'em. Terrific. By the way, it's not just Worcester. There's one in Sacramento, California, one of these sanctuary cities for trans people. Ithaca, New York, not far from my own people, upstate New York, courtesy to a LX on Twitter or X for that montage. He, he got his hands, he got an access code and listened to that whole hearing. And what was a gift to us all by showing us what's happening there. These are not well people, I mean in on this council, there's one person who's their first openly non-binary member ever elected to city council in 2022. And this person has already stopped showing up at the meetings saying they're transphobic.


This city council that just voted nine to two in favor of those lunatics who paraded in front of them. They don't wanna show up this non-binary member because they think it's a transphobic group. They didn't like the pronouns. They said one council member called this person it several times. I mean, I, in, in that council member's defense, it's very confusing. No one knows what to call most of these people. Normally the listening audience knows, I'll describe to you what we're seeing on the screen. So you can have the visuals in your head. That's impossible. You, you have to just go to YouTube, go to, You know, 28 after the hour and you look for yourself at the parade of horribles that just showed up in that. But it not there we have to forge on without these people.


They should, this, all these pages should be scrubbed this and this ideology should be snuffed out. We should stop pretending that it's real for these children. Like, it's amazing to me that we still have people pretending this is an actual thing and we need to ca cater to the woman with the, the narcolepsy and the autism spectrum and the whatever nerve disease and the one worried about putting glitter on their face, whatever it was seemed like a woman with a beard and glitter. Why aren't we already just forging on without them? Or are we, I think everyone is scared of being called prejudice and they're scared of being called something phobic.


And they're also scared of being labeled as old and set in their ways. You know, we just got essentially burned during covid by just a bunch of scared people. You know, the New York Times just came out with an article about how bad it was to shut down schools for as long as we did. And it's, most people wanted their kids to go to school, but were scared to say anything. So, You know, fear has, has turned into a driving force and these people understand it. Like they understand that they're gonna be loud, they're gonna be in your face. You know, they have these city council meetings at one o'clock on a Tuesday.


Normal people are working, normal people are holding a job down and paying taxes. It's these unemployable freak shows that show up, make the most noise while the rest of us are at work. And then the city council just goes, I don't want to deal with this. Like anyone who has a child who's a loud child and they have another child who's a quiet child, they'll just, they'll end up siding with the loud child just so they don't have to deal with it. Okay, so this brings me to a group. It's a government union called the American Federation of Government Employees. And they are very upset about Doge and these cuts to federal spending, whether it's in the form of invited retirements, early retirements, or spending cuts.


And they, I mean you, they might as well have just gone directly to Worcester Mass and recruited from that collection for their little rally. It you never would've known the difference here. They were trying to rally their troops to march against Elon and Trump. Take a look at these folks in Stop nine. Which side are you on? Which side are you on? Trump's coming for our unions. He wants us all to, he wants us to bow to him, but we want him in jail. Oh, which side are you on, Adam?


Well, are you, I think Eli's probably scared. What do you think Trump? He's scared. You know, it is. I'll tell you what it reminds me of. So when you see Chuck Schumer and Aunt Esther, who's Maxine Waters from Sanford Sun And all these other idiots out there, like these 75 year olds, 80 year olds, like waving their canes. And You know how, You know, Chuck Schumer does that thing where it's like, you will not be able to hide. You will feel our wrath. We are coming for you, we're fighting in the streets, we'll fight in the courts and it's gotta be amusing to Elon Musk and Trump as it is to us, these weird threats.


But it, You know what it reminded me of? I was watching it the other day during the first, I think it was Desert Storm back in the day when we would plan to invade Iraq or Iran or some Middle Eastern country, at some 0.1 of their religious clerics or mullahs would take to the microphone and go, if you Americans come in here, you will feel the sting of Allah sword upon your neck. And then we go, all right, now let's get some, a 10 war hogs and light you guys up. And that's what we would do. And so it was always weird that they make these big proclamations, but there's nothing to them and they can't do anything.


And I don't think we feel any fear from idiots breaking into song or making idle threats. But the comical part is they don't know how comical they are. Like they're, they, they must know on some level that they're being laughed at. Right. Oh, I, okay, I've got to show you, I've got to show you this woman, Congresswoman Maxine Dexter, a democrat from Oregon who is at the rally where they were singing, speaking of just, they don't know how dumb they sound. Listen to her. I just, I I've been told I have 30 seconds. So I am gonna tell you that we do have to, I don't swear in public very well, but We have to Fuck Trump.


Please don't tell my children that I just did that. I, I'm, I'm not sure, not sure she understands what she said or her core message there, Adam. Think so. Yeah, well, Like I said, I used to host a show called Love Line, so I understand what she meant. I mean, do you think it was like a, You know, like a Freudian slip? She's actually desiring that. It just kind of came out. You know, I, there is a thing from the schoolyard from when we're kids, when you would tug on the pigtail of the girl and say, hate you, it meant I love you. Right? I think there could be that psychodynamic at play also, it's crazy because there's a lot of swearing going on.


There was swearing, A lot of swearing And it, and it's, and and they also seeing, Wait, can I, can I, can you hold that thought? 'cause I just have one more, I have one more montage to show you. And it's God swearing to your point. Look at this. We'll fight it out in the courts. We'll fight it out across this country. And I promise you we will win About stealing the personal data of Americans. And it is about taking a lifetime of earned benefits, your social security benefits, and turning it into a Bitcoin bank. You're not gonna sit around while you Go ahead Andrate our constitution.


We're gonna be in your, we're gonna be your, your little friend off of Twitter. Y'all about to find out. Alright, We'll win. We'll win. We won't rest. We won't rest. Elon Musk, where are you? Bring your ass over here. Why does Elon Musk wanna get rid of all of this? Because he's a thief. He's a gangster. We have to fuck Trump and be on your asses. And Elon Musk needs to bring his ass over. I'm sensing a theme, sensing a theme here, But they also seem hysterical, unhinged, and just sort of unqualified, You know, You know what I mean?


Like they, yes, it's not, it's not the profanity per se, although that makes 'em seem a, You know, a little, it seems beneath them, especially since they're average age is 77 and a half, but they also just seem incompetent. You, You know what I'm saying? Like Yeah. If the head of the FAA, You know, got up there and said, do these stupid planes with the goddamn air traffic controller, people like, fuck them because of the stupid landing gear or whatever you call it. Like, you go, well, that person seems like an idiot, and the person doesn't, they don't seem qualified.


Right? They, they don't make any sense. And also it's like Elon Musk come down here like it's, You know, like you're in the UFC and Elon's in the crowd and you're challenging him to a fight. You know, it's, it's insane. But it's, it's comical. It's, I it is all like so funny. All I can say. You're so right. That's such a good observation. Fuck those pilots Stupid heads with their dumb cockpit thing or wherever they sit their steering wheel or call a yoke. You've got a Yeah. YF them In the ass. Yeah. F them. Wait, what? Stupid American airlines to dump DC nines or whatever.


Yeah. Okay. They should come down here so I can punch them, but they're scared. We're like, we were days away. If Kamala Harris had won, we were days away from that. Oh my God. Contrast that with Elon Musk. Okay. Who at that presser yesterday was just like methodically going through the issues that he was discovering he and his team, here he is on why the Treasury Department just pays, they just pay everything, even if it's a suspect. Bill with our money, watch Common Sense controls that should be present that, that haven't been present.


So you say like, well how could such a thing arise? Does that, that seems, that seems crazy that when you understand that, that really everything is geared towards complaint minimization, so that, that then you understand the motivations. So if people receive money, they don't complain, obviously. But if people don't receive money, they do complain and, and the fraud is complaint the loudest and of the fastest. Let's get him, get on his ass. He's like, he's just kind of helping us understand. Well, it's to the point where, oh, it was a OC who called him stupid, right? Yeah. Yes. Yeah.


So they're done, they're out of stuff and, and they don't realize what they sound like when they talk that way. But I guess they're, part of being dumb is not knowing you're dumb, right? Yeah. I mean, and it tends to lead most people to be happy. I, most people I know that seem very dumb, seem happy 'cause they don't really know what they're missing. These people are miserable. They have the worst combination, dumb and unhappy and bitter and mean. That's, that's not a good combo. And speaking of dumb, unhappy, bitter and mean, I wanted to touch base on Gavin Newsom because what's happened out in California where you live now, is we saw the administrator for the local, like, You know, parks and rebuilding, say it's gonna take a minimum of 18 months to clear the burned houses and comply with EPA and do what they needed to do to sort of rectify this, this site so that building can start again.


And Trump said, absolutely not, that's too long. And issued an executive order compelling the Department of Defense and EPA and others to get in there and work to rectify this thing to make it go much faster. And lo and behold, it's working now in the wake of this, let's see, it's called expediting waste removal. His executive order on January 24th not only provides water resources, but improves the disaster response. Secretary of Homeland Security was the other group. And FEMA saying, get in there, develop a plan to expedite the bulk removal of contaminated and general debris. They can't be waiting a year and a half for that to happen.


LA Times recently reports it's working. They say federal agencies have tripled the number of hazardous materials teams heading out to the Palisade Palisades and eat and burn areas. They also laid plans for having the EPA and Army Corps of Engineers work simultaneously on different parts of the same site as part of the effort to speed things up. By, by midweek LA County officials were offering a more accelerated debris removal timeline. EPAs phase one started at projected three months. It's now shortened to 30 days. The one Republican supervisor on the who's on the committee out there said, president Trump doesn't mess around and gave him credit for it. And now you've got Gavin Newsom taking a victory lab saying this is the fastest large scale debris removal operation in modern state history.


The speed of this cleanup is unprecedented. We're cutting through the red tape to ensure this recovery moves at a record pace. No thanks to him, Adam. I was there yesterday. So yesterday for the first time I went to my home, my neighborhood, and it is total utter devastation. I can send you a few, few pictures, but take my word for it. It was just the, the surface of the moon. But it's been over 30 days.


People keep saying to me, when are you going back? 'cause my place didn't burn many places around. Most the places around my place burned, but my place is intact. And the answer is, I have no answer and nobody has any answers. The water's back on, but the power's still off. And there's no website where they'll tell you when you can move back to your home. I've been living out of a suitcase for over a month now. There was no signs of any cleanup of any kind. There were lots of workers, lots of national guardsmen, lots of folks doing what would be probably line work, You know, repairing phone, phone lines, telephone poles, power poles, things, things of that nature.


But there was zero dump trucks, zero bulldozers or bobcats. There was zero debris removal. So a long PCH and, and up in the hills were where I was yesterday and I traveled entire Pacific Coast Highway, at least the burn zone and the hills. And I saw everything yesterday and they're 35 days in zero removal of debris. Wow. And that's with the EO and the additional federal response. Well, Gavin Newsom is ready to spike the ball and take credit on all of it. And the minute we have left, how's your time going on Dr. Drew's couch with your, what you describe as your little bathrobe?


Well, I'm enjoying my time at Dr. Drew's house, but I'm starting to feel self-conscious because I'm eating all his protein bars and drinking all his coffee. And I actually got the offer from attorney Mark Ergos, so, You know, to move into his guest house down the street. So I, I think I told him last night, I think I'm gonna take him up on that because I wanna, Do you guys watch TV together at night? Do you do like real Housewives marathons? What do you do? I mean, I, we don't like spoon every night, if that's what you're saying, but yeah, we, You know, it's, it's winter out here and it gets cold in the foothills, so I'm not gonna apologize.


That's amazing. He's a good friend. So is Geragos. I'm glad your house didn't burn. I realize it's not that much of a consolation when it's completely covered in smoke and not habitable. So Godspeed, thanks for being here, Adam. All the best. Thanks Megan. We're coming up next with Anna Casian. Don't miss her.


The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world, and it just stepped up. Enforcement for 20 24, 20 25 owe joy. If you owe back taxes or you have unfiled returns, don't panic and don't wait for the IRS to come to you. Simply avoiding your tax troubles is the worst thing you can do. Getting ahead of this is the smart move, but you might not wanna contact the IRS alone, but you don't need me to tell you that You could just turn this whole matter over to the team at Tax Network. USA. Why? Because not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS and this means they know which agents to deal with and which to avoid. Tax network. USA has proven strategies that are designed to settle your tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 million, their attorneys and negotiators have resolved over 1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists for free and stop the threatening letters and stop looking over your shoulder and put your IRS troubles behind you once and for all. Call 1 809 0 5 8,000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. That's tn usa.com/megyn.


I Just wanna give you a quick update on two things that have happened. This is just breaking. Three more people have been released from Belarus. Just, I'm trying to get my arms around the news right here. One is a US citizen who wants to remain private. Two are non-Americans, including a Radio Liberty journalist. So here we have at least one US citizen now released from Belarus, most of whom, most of us didn't even know that there was an American citizen being held in Belarus. And this is on the heels of another US citizen being released by Russia. His name is Mark Fogle, thanks to the work of Donald Trump.


He was over there teaching the children of diplomats and had been there for quite some time. And he got arrested because he had marijuana, which he said he uses for medical purposes. He had 17 grams of marijuana. That actually led me to look up on my phone. How much is 17 grams of marijuana? You know me, I don't know anything about these drugs, but I did look up how much is 17 grams of marijuana and 14 grams is a half ounce. And it looks like this, I don't know if you can see this on my phone, but it looks like basically a bowl of lettuce that you might put in, in a salad, maybe enough for two people to have a salad. And they say that 14 ounces is worth, could basically get you 28 joints.


Now this guy was using it, he says for medicinal purposes, but the Russians, as they have been known to do, decided to say that he was going to distribute it. He, he was basically there in Russia to become some sort of a drug dealer with what could turn into 28 joints. I mean, it wasn't gonna be a very lengthy career. I think he'd been over there some 15 years. So they took this guy, this American citizen, mark Vogel, they put him behind bars and the Biden administration completely forgot about this guy. They completely, they didn't even designate him with a special sort of status that would demand that we look into what's happening to him and start bargaining for his return.


They just kind of pretended that Mark Fogel didn't exist from the point he got arrested. Meantime, after he was arrested in August, 2022, they negotiated for the, at first they designated Brittany Grimer that grinder, that that basketball player is illegal detained. They didn't do it for Fogel. And then they went on to negotiate for Brittany's release. But they didn't do that for this guy. Fogel, a bipartisan group of US senators lobbied the State Department to change his status so that they could, he would be more likely to, You know, qualify for a negotiated release. Biden wouldn't, it's been really strange how this guy's been completely left behind.


Then this guy, Fogel's mom, ine Fogel age 95, showed up at the Pennsylvania campaign rally where Trump was nearly assassinated. And she told the New York Post that she explained to Trump that her son was in a Russian jail for the same crime. Brittany Griner committed Griner was in jail for 10 months before President Biden got her out. She said, my son's been there for three years and I haven't heard from President Biden or from anyone in Washington. Mr. Trump told me if I get in, I will get him out and gave me a thumbs up. He was very cordial and sincere. And finally in August of 2024, national Security Advisor, Jake Sullivan, described Fogel as wrongfully detained.


That was the first they'd ever done that, putting him back like on the block for negotiations. It's just ridiculous. And still remember that prisoner swap in August of 2024 when Joe Biden and Kamala Harris showed up and it was like, who's trying to take credit for this? What's happening? He was not negotiated for, and he was not part of that prisoner swap. It's where we got the Wall Street Journal reporter, Evan Gers Kvi back, Nope, left this guy Fogel behind. And guess what, Trump's been in office for three weeks and he got him, he got him back. It's amazing. Here's the video of him greeting Mark Fogel at the White House yesterday. Wow. Well, here he is at outside of Air Force one.


So the, his mom is thrilled ine Fogel said thank you to Fox via an interview. Here's the proper video. She said, thank you to Trump on an interview with Fox yesterday. Take a listen to that In saw 13, There's a chance he's watching or we'll see this. What would you like to say to President Trump? I would like to thank him profusely. He promised me he would get him out and he kept his promise. And I, I can't thank him enough. And Secretary Rubio also and anybody else who's had a hand in this, I'm sure there were quite a few that got the, the ball rolling. But I particularly wanna thank President Trump.


Amazing. And here look at this extraordinary tape. Here is Mark Fogel in the White House. This guy didn't even know that he was about to get released. 24 hours later he's with the president in the White House and here's what he saw. Had to say, I will forever be indebted President Trump to Steve over there. What a dynamic man this guy is. That's True Steve. I'm a middle class school teacher who's now and a a dream world. We're going to show you the Lincoln bedroom in a little While and I'm so happy to be back here and I wish I could articulate it better.


You've Done beautifully. And he's got a great mother. And when I saw the mother at a rally, she said, would you, if you win, will you get my son out? And I promise she's 95 years old. And I said, we'll, get him out. And we, we got him out. Wow. And he did. And now another American still anonymous as of now out of Belarus. I mean, this is amazing. Trump is on a roll, folks. We will see if he gets any credit from the left for the, here he is kissing the ground when he got off the plane. If he gets any credit for this from the left, I will say credit where it's due. John Federman praised him. The guy at Fogles from Pennsylvania. So did Josh Shapiro didn't exactly praise Trump, praise Trump, but said thank you to those at the White House who made his release possible.


And President Obama's former Russian ambassador, Michael McFall, he praised Trump directly. And I mean, it was explicit praise be to President Donald Trump. Not a phrase I get to say very often. I I give him a lot of credit for doing it. I wanna talk to Anna Sian now. She is host and executive producer of The Young Turks and she's editor of the Unaligned Substack been on the program once before. Anna, welcome back. What do you make of this? It's so, it's, I mean, it's amazing to see these Americans all but forgotten slowly but surely returning home. Well, I agree with you about forgotten Americans who have either been held hostage by, You know, authoritarian governments abroad.


It's, it's terrible. So when I see that photo of Mark Fogel kissing the ground, kissing America, essentially, You know, it's, it's an emotional moment. And this is one of the good things that the Trump administration has managed to do in the few short weeks that he's been in office for his second term. So credit where credit is due. Absolutely. It does make you wonder, why, why didn't we try harder under Joe Biden? You know, like, what, what was the problem? You know, because we had Rick Renell just got six Americans back home. Belarus now releasing one Russia, releasing Mark Fogel, American hostages being held by Hamas.


Like, was it just a lack of caring? It was like, this is how happening, literally he hasn't even been in office a month. Well, Megan, let me just tell you, I mean, while Biden was still in office, one of the things that really infuriated me was the story of a young American citizen Eor IgE, who was actually protesting with some activists in the West Bank in regard to the high civilian death toll in Gaza. And Israeli snipers shot and killed her. And the Biden administration did not care. They, they pretended as though, You know, the Israeli officials had launched an investigation into it.


And then we never heard about it again. That was an American citizen, one of our own. And I just think it's unacceptable. So I wholeheartedly agree with anyone who's upset with any government official or administration that leaves our American citizens either in, in the hands of an authoritarian, You know, government or left to die with no real investigation and no real justice. That is not leadership. So I, I totally hear what you're saying. Yeah. I'm not familiar with the, the case to which you referred, but there's no question despite our, You know, closeness with Israel, when the IDF behaves terribly, they should be held to account and they shouldn't be in some special category where they're incapable of being criticized.


That's not what friendship is that, You know, they were talking about an American citizen that comes first. What, what they're saying about Fogel is that we did do a prisoner swap for him. We gave up some, I dunno, alleged, I dunno, I can't remember if it was an arms dealer. It wasn't a great guy. He was in prison over here from Russia, but what is it, Deb? Sorry? Cyber crime. Oh, cyber crime. All right. So that's not great. But maybe not as bad as arms dealer. And that's, these things are always, they always require that kind of a thing. You know, it's like, look, one in one that, that's pretty good. If you compare to like what's happening with Palestine and, and Israel right now where they have to release like hundreds to get like two Americans out. I just feel like none of this stuff was ever held against Joe Biden.


You never heard about it in the media. This isn't the kind of thing that the media gives two shits about and that they're not gonna give Trump any credit for. And it's just my, I guess, relatively minor example of his deal making, which they kind of mock a lot in the press, but it really, it, it can be very effective, Right? I mean, look, I, I wanna get our Americans back, right? So if you have to make those types of deals, it is what it is. And I'm sorry, a leaving an American middle school teacher to die in a Russian prison or in prison if you're talking about the other hostages that have been released is unacceptable. And so if you're willing to release someone who's accused of cyber crimes in order to get an American citizen back, I do think that's a deal worth taking.


And You know, to your point about how there wasn't really much attention paid to these issues, especially, You know, the story of the woman that I'm talking about, the protester in the West Bank who was shot and killed, I, I dunno if, if it's because of the political leanings of the individuals hired at these media organizations. 'cause look, now Donald Trump is in office and there is no shortage of critical reporting about his administration. And I think there's nothing wrong with that as long as it's fact-based and rooted in, in evidence. But I feel that they kind of treated the Biden administration with kid gloves just kind of took what the Biden administration had to say at face value.


I mean, look, the perfect example is the very obvious coverup of Biden's mental decline. It wasn't something new. There were complaints about that. I remember on The Young Turks, we were concerned about that in 2020 when he was running for his first term and members of the media shut anyone down if they dared to question Biden's mental acuity, his ability to carry out the duties of a president. And so I think that there's a real reckoning taking place right now in regard to our legacy media outlets. You know, there are some changes being made because they've lost audiences, they've lost subscribers and readers, people are resorting to other independent sources to get their information because they have realized that they haven't been getting the full story.


And look, I think one of the other big issues here is even in the context of independent media sources, they do tend to lean in one, You know, political direction or the other. And when people are served up one side, we live in two different realities. And I think we need to do a better job speaking with each other, ensuring that we are giving the audiences that trust us and the readers who read our work, all the perspectives involved in any political debate so they're fully informed and they can decide for themselves where they land on the issue. Yeah, I don't think Americans are getting that right now. Totally agree.


And on that score, I'm gonna ask you what you think Trump's doing well and what he is doing poorly in one second, but I just wanna make one other point about Mark Vogel. He was apparently very depressed. He was sentenced to 15 years in a Russian prison for this 17 grams. And when he wasn't part of the prisoner swap that Biden was part of in August of 2024, he, the daily wire obtained the audio tape of him talking about how his soul was dead. He said, my soul is dead. He said, I'm in a bottomless pit that keeps getting worse. And Michael McFaul, former Russia, Russia ambassador under Obama too, was saying he wasn't doing well. He was very depressed.


He was not handling his circumstances well. So I don't even know how close this guy was to the end of his life, potentially. He had two kids, he has a wife. He never would've seen his mom again had he served out this term. It's a wonderful day that, that he is back home. Okay, so that's that story. Let's switch gears. So we talked in the first hour with Adam Carolla about how the left is very unhappy about Elon Musk Doge and the cuts happening to government workers, You know, staff numbers and budgets. So how do you think Trump is doing and what do you make of Elon so far? Well, look, I, I certainly do have some concerns about the conflicts of interest that Elon Musk obviously has.


I mean, he's a very successful businessman. He has multiple successful businesses. And look, I get it, he's already super wealthy and people think, oh, he is not going to abuse the power that's been given to him by Trump because he doesn't need any more money. That doesn't matter. I mean, look, the most important thing, the most valuable thing that tech CEOs want is data. Data is power data fuels their businesses. And so the idea that someone like Elon Musk who is in the tech industry, having all this access to our private personal information makes me incredibly uneasy. I also, by the way, agree that there is waste in our federal government.


There is bureaucracy that needs to be cut down in our federal government. And if you go back to the Clinton administration, I mean, he got rid of hundreds of thousands of federal workers. And I think that that did bode well for our economy. I mean, that was the last time we had an economic surplus in the United States. Now of course, he implemented higher taxes for the top marginal tax rate and stuff like that. But when it came to getting rid of the bureaucracy under the Clinton administration, there was more of a review process. And it wasn't this, You know, blind cutting of entire, You know, departments or agencies.


And so I wish there was more method to it, more of a, a review to ensure that we're actually getting rid of individuals that we don't really necessarily need in our government. I don't like the fact that he has not, well, Elon Musk didn't do this, but Russell Vaught, who's now the head of the Office of Management and Budget and the deputy head of the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, has effectively halted all operations at the Consumer Financial Protection Bureau. I do not agree with that at all. That's literally the only federal government agency that's doing oversight of how the big banks are treating American citizens. They've returned $21 billion to Americans who have been defrauded by financial institutions.


So that's where I have like the biggest disagreement right now. But in regard to, You know, doing an overview of what's happening with usaid, I have no problem with that. I think that there were good programs mixed in with a lot of waste and a lot of bad programs. And hopefully we can bring those good programs back because, You know, building alliances and relationships through soft power, especially in African countries, which China is competing with us in basically having influence on. I think that's something we need to be considerate of. I mean the, the Chinese want to have access to minerals, natural resources, all sorts of things that the United States wants in Africa.


And so when we cut down on programs that specifically help, You know, individuals who are suffering from aids, HIV, things like that, malaria, well, we're basically destroying a relationship that's not just beneficial to the individuals we're helping in these countries, but also beneficial for the United States and our own economic interests. So I think that's a fair point. And I actually think that there's not really a desire by Trump or anybody else to cut, like the funding we were doing for women and their babies who are born with H-I-V-I-I, I actually think that just got swept up because the whole program was such a mess and had been so corrupted. It was like, no, we're stopping it. And I think that will probably come back, not only because it's the right thing to do, but because we do worry about China stepping in and becoming like the big brother and getting more closely aligned with these countries that right now are grateful to the United States for all the help that we give to them.


It's, it's just that it got so corrupted by all these other weird far left DEI things that they were like, let's just know, like it's stopping right now. And then we can, we can start again. And I think that will start again. But let me ask you, lemme, let's talk about this Consumer Financial Protection Bureau, which I think most people don't even know know anything about, to be honest with you. But it, it was started, it's kind of an Elizabeth Warren project. It was started after the big bank meltdown in oh eight to like, right, try to make sure something like that doesn't happen again, where there's this collusion within the financial industry on mortgages or something related that winds up really screwing over the consumers in many instances.


First with the mortgages and the collapse, and then with us having to bail out the banks, like they're, the, the hope is that they protect something like that from happening, prevent it from happening again. But here, so on Friday, Elon Musk posted on his X page saying CFPB, consumer Financial Protection Bureau RIP, with the tombstone emoji, the CFP B'S ex account has since been deleted. And Trump also announced that they are closing the offices of the C-F-P-P-B for the coming week. And Russell V, director of OMB said that we would, he ordered the staff there to cease all supervision and examination activity and cease all stakeholder engagement and said he would not take the next drawdown of funding from the Federal Reserve for this group.


So they say that this is why they did it. The White House put out a statement saying, this is another one of those agencies that's just lost its way, right? Like it's not doing just the main thing that I think you and I are both are happy for them to do. They say this CFPB used its slush fund collected from targeting these financial institutions to support radical advocacy groups. One such group is the Soros Pact, Mississippi Center for Justice, which advocates for racial and economic justice targets, reli religious liberty assists, illegal immigrants seeking to skirt our nation's law. Another is the Legal Aid Aid Society of DC whose board features senior left-wing officials has lobbied hundreds of thousands of times for more welfare spending that the group threatened banks for refusing to lend to illegal immigrants.


They targeted Chicago small business after a complaint about the city's rampant crime. It was accused of mining Americans citizens' personal financial information with a 2017 Inspector General report raising significant concerns about data security, et cetera. Et they're saying the same thing happened here as happened to us A ID which is why they're, they're doing those things that I listed at the top. Yeah. So let me just preface this by saying I don't take anything that the left says at face value. I also don't take anything the right says at face value. So there have been instances where the right has claimed something. The left says no, that's not happening. I look into it and it turns out the right is actually correct.


In fact, U-S-A-I-D is a perfect example. There were incredibly wasteful programs within U-S-A-I-D as Democrats pretend like there were no wasteful programs. And so I look, the CFPB is something that I have been kind of passionate about throughout my career. I was supportive of it being developed. It was Elizabeth Warren's project before she was even a senator. She wasn't in the Senate at the time, and she really had to push Barack Obama, who was insanely friendly to the banks to actually do something on behalf of the American people who had been defrauded and who had been preyed upon by the big banks in the lead up to the 2008 economic collapse.


So all the claims that you listed I have looked into and they are unfounded. Okay? So what the, how the CFPB operates is they receive money from the Federal Reserve, not from taxpayers. So the Federal Reserve allocates about $700 million. So they can carry out investigations of wrongdoing by, You know, payday lenders, big banks, you get the picture or other financial institutions through that money, which is honestly a small sum, they have been able to return $21 billion to Americans who had been defrauded or screwed over or ripped off by the banks. Other things that they've done is they have basically made it so your medical debt cannot be used on your credit report to prevent you from being able to rent a home, an apartment.


They've ensured that overdraft fees are not predatory and they're capped at $8 as opposed to $35. I Saw that. That's good. So, so they've done some really, really good things on behalf of the American people. Look, I'm disgusted with our federal government, okay? All these federal agencies have not carried out what their intended duties have been. I, I think that they have kind of lost their way in some cases. And I do agree that there's a lot of bureaucracy and a lot of waste. The CFPB is not an example of that. And I'm really saddened to see that there's a real effort here to essentially dismantle it. And I was listening to, so why do You think there doing That deserve Chair if you don't?


And I I I'll tell you why I have not looked beyond the White House's assertions that these are problems and that's what they're trying. So I'll, I'll take your word for now that you've looked into it and you don't believe they're viable, that that's, that they're true. But why do you, if that's true, then why are they doing this? So I'll tell you why. You know, I'm most concerned about the influence that the tech industry and tech CEOs have on the Trump administration. So people like Mark Andreessen, for instance, he went on Joe Rogan's podcast and he claimed that the CFPB is de banking people when it's actually the opposite. The CFPB goes after banks that de bank individuals over their political leanings or political views, they actually have gone outta their way to try to protect Americans who have been Deb banked.


The CFPB though does go after individuals who are engaging in things like money laundering, right? Who are maybe part of the FinTech industry and are using that sector to carry out nefarious actions. And so they don't want a cop on the block. And these are people who have been cozy up to Trump. And that is really concerning because I think Trump has some good ideas, but he is also very transactional. And so if these individuals have donated a significant sum of money to his campaign, well he's gonna return the favor in some way. And so that's what I'm most worried about. If American people notice that there's no cop watching what Wall Street's up to, that might end up, You know, ricocheting onto Donald Trump and it might actually hurt him politically.


So we'll see what happens. But CFPB was, again, one of the only federal government agencies that was looking out for the best interests of Americans who were getting ripped off by big banks. It's very interesting. That's a, that's a good alternate side of it. What did you make of Elon at the White House yesterday? Because he was up there sort of serially going through some of the things that have been said about him, and then some of the things that he says he's finding. And one of the most interesting things was he was talking about how it's so hard to fire people about how there's a maximum of 10,000 people who can be fired from the federal government in a month because they have to go through some just antiquated exchange of forms that goes down literally into a mine, like an actual mine.


Well, I'll let him explain it. Standby. It's top three. Well, let's, if if people can retire, You know, with full benefit benefits, everything, that that would be good. They can retire, get their retirement payments, everything. And then we were told, this is actually I think a great anecdote because we were told no that the most number of people that could retire possibly in a month is 10,000. And we're like, well, why, why, why is that? Well, because all that, the, all the retirement paperwork is manual on paper. It's manually calculated, then written down on a piece of paper, then it goes down a mine and like, what do you mean a mine? Like Yeah, there's a limestone mine where we store all the retirement paperwork that look, and you look a picture at a picture of this mine.


We'll post some pictures afterwards and this, this mine looks like something outta the fifties because it was started in 1955. So it looks like it is like a time warp. And then the, the speed then the limiting factor is the speed at which the mine, the shaft elevator can move determines how many people can retire from the federal, from federal government. And the elevator breaks down and sometimes, and then you can't, nobody can retire. Doesn't that sound crazy? I think that's does very effective, right? It sounds crazy. And I think the average person staying at home is like, take, like drinking this in, right? Like, wow, here's, here are pictures of the mine. This is so weird. Why are we doing this in such an antiquated way?


This is not a good use of our taxpayer dollars. Wow. Yeah, look, I haven't looked into his claims, so I don't know for sure if the way he described it is entirely accurate. I I think there are two things happening here, right? So there is the message, right? And so I think a lot of what he says needs to be fact checked, and I haven't been able to do that yet. By the way, there are a lot of fact checks by the left of Elon today saying it's true. Interesting. Okay. So that's, that's fascinating. But I wanna just talk about the optics and the politics of, of what happened last night because I know that Democrats are being super critical because at the end of the day, Elon Musk is a billionaire.


He's got conflicts of interest. And so it's rich to hear someone like Elon Musk tell us, just trust me, we're doing everything right. It's all above board. At the same time though, when you compare what appears to be quite a bit of transparency in this new Trump administration versus the lack of transparency we received during the Biden administration, well, I mean, optically speaking, I think most Americans are gonna have this sense that, You know, Trump is telling the truth. He wants to be honest with us. He's calling it like it is. You know, he's constantly in the media, constantly doing press conferences. And so I think that is a, an important thing for the Democratic Party to maybe soak in and realize, You know, if you're gonna try to hide from your voters, if you're gonna try to hide the ball from your base, it's not gonna bode well for you.


The optics of transparency is important. Actually being transparent is more important. And so it really remains to be seen if, if Elon Musk was telling the truth about everything he said during that Oval Office press conference. But again, I just wanna reiterate, I I don't feel comfortable with someone who's still very much invested in these private businesses, You know, seeming to call the shots when no one elected him. I also didn't like the optics of Donald Trump, kind of like quietly sitting at a desk with Elon Musk kind of hovering above him and kind of de commanding the room. I feel like that looked a little bad, but I'm curious you thought, but only Because Trump, Trump let him command the room.


I mean, it was no different from when I appeared at the Trump rally in Pittsburgh and Trump stepped away from the microphone and then said, go ahead Meghan. And he was standing off to the side, didn't make me look like the president. It's like he, I had the mic because he gave it to me and I would lose the mic if he said, stop talking. Same as Elon. I will say this, this is Washington examiner and Washington Post this morning, Washington Examiner, the mine complex is owned by Iron Mountain, which leases out caverns for storage. And we were using Manhattan Mini storage all those years in New York. The government moved its old records there in 1960. The mine, which holds employees in the government's office of personnel management, has been trying to revolutionize its process for decades without success.


The government's trying, been trying to automate the mine's work since at least 1981. At least a hundred million has been spent on the effort to automate the work there. And it's not happening. Washington Post reported from inside the mine in 2014, the five step process for a worker's retirement papers just to be fully processed, like just to get them and process them. First step a worker files the retirement paperwork and the paperwork is shipped to the facility. Once it arrives, a worker must match it up to other P records or scan them into a digital database. All the paperwork work must be placed into a file missing paperwork must be acquired from other federal agencies. That paperwork is then turned into a digital file reviewed separately by another employee. It took at least 61 days on average, then the same amount of time it took in 1977 when I am going to guess, that's nuts.


You were not even born. This is so sad. I mean, I think nuts. People get nuts. It's just nuts, right? That the government sucks. And this is part of why Trump got elected, right? It's like you don't expect him to do it perfectly. You don't expect it to be all Ts dotted and, or all i's dotted and t's crossed. But you want the bowl going into this China shop and saying, why the f are we using a mine that we were using in 1977? Yeah. And look, we all know what we pay in taxes every year. And it is incredibly frustrating to see where the money actually gets spent. How little of it goes toward modernizing our systems, our systems, and essentially how little of it goes to making the lives of American citizens better.


There is a lot of waste. I mean, look, one of the main things that drives me crazy is how year after year with little debate the Congress approves more and more money for the Pentagon. I mean, the defense budget is, is very rapidly approaching a trillion dollars a year. And so there has been some talk about focusing on some waste. I mean mean the Pentagon has failed every single audit seven years in a row. And so I'm excited to see what Doge focuses on in regard to the Pentagon. The other issue is The fact that, and he eth has welcome them to come in. He's Hegseth wants that too. Yep. So we'll see what they cut and see how much of a difference it makes. The other area where I think that Trump can really make a difference, and I think he would go down as a historic president, is if he allowed for our Medicare system to negotiate drug prices, just negotiate Drug prices, he's not gonna do anything, right?


He's not gonna touch Medicare or security with reform or anything because he's a smart politician. They, they all know if they say anything about Medicare or social security, they're not gonna win. So all of the efforts have been outside of those two groups, which of course are the main groups behind entitlement spending. And I mean that would really show, you wanna see like Trump proving he has a steely spine and he doesn't give a shit. Go do something about that over there. Right? Which it's not going to happen. But he would go down as the most popular president in American history if he allowed for Medicare to negotiate drug prices. So Americans and our Medicare system wasn't being priced gouged by pharmaceutical companies.


Why won't he do that? I mean, I know why he won't lower the retirement age for social security and he doesn't wanna make any Medicare cuts or do anything that's gonna increase cost for seniors. But why wouldn't he allow Medicare to negotiate costs? Honestly, I think if this issue was brought to him by, by anyone in a very serious way, he would attempt to do it. He doesn't really care about Maybe Dr. Oz what is or isn't allowed, right? So yeah, I mean I, that would be incredible. I don't think that he's paying attention to that, but I think if you talk to him and ask him to work on that issue, it could really save the American tax payer. F KJ Will do it a lot of money. That would be fantastic. I mean, this isn't something I spent a lot of time on, but like, this sounds like something that wouldn't typically be done because most people are beholden to the drug companies who don't want this and yep, our kjs not beholden to the drug companies.


That's one of the great things about him. That's, that's one of the things the left hates about him. But he, You know, technically oversee Medicare now and well when he gets confirmed, which is gonna be tomorrow, and Dr. Oz directly oversees Medicare and Medicaid and so like may, maybe I'm wrong, maybe they actually will touch the untouchable, Oh it would embarrass Democrats so much if they managed to do that. It would be the most embarrassing thing for Democrats who claimed, who claimed under the Biden administration that they were gonna do it. But they're beholden to the pharmaceutical companies as well. Yep. And so big time they whittled, whittled down that part of the agenda to 10, 10 drugs that the Medicare system can negotiate.


I mean it's pathetic. It really is. And by the way, hasn't Trump already done enough for the big pharma with the, You know, operation warp speed and the vaccines and the liability shield over companies like, You know, Pfizer, like that's, he's done enough for them. He doesn't need to keep protecting them. This would be a great thing to consider. Alright, standby. We're gonna take a quick break and then there's much more to discuss on the other side. I'm actually looking forward to discussing the, believe it or not, I just, I wanna do a Super Bowl ad with you that I have not yet gotten to.


We all have about a million things on our plates, right? Family work, staying healthy. But I wanna tell you about We Heart Nutrition. We Heart Nutrition creates the high quality research-backed supplements for women and men at every stage of life. Whether you are managing a busy household, a demanding career, or both, these supplements are designed to help you stay strong, energized, and to achieve your wellness goals. They're proudly pro-life donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers. How about that? And with over 1005 star reviews, people are seeing real results and sharing how these products have changed their lives. Go to we Heart Nutrition dot com and take their 22nd quiz to get recommendations tailored just for you. And right now we Heart Nutrition is offering 20% off your first order when you use the code, Megan at checkout. Plus get a free bamboo capsule box with any order of 50 bucks or more at, they're actually really cute, the Bamboo capsule boxes, they send me some and I love them. Invest in your health. Head to we Heart Nutrition dot com today. Use the code Megan for 20% off your first order. That's we Heart Nutrition dot com code M-E-G-Y-N.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm Beck, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Okay, I wanna talk to you about a couple of things from the Super Bowl. I, I was at the Super Bowl and the one disadvantage of being at the Super Bowl is you don't get to see the ads and they're kind of fun to watch and they're always fun to rip on, right? And I miss that experience so slowly but surely I am getting to them. Here we are on Wednesday and I still have two I haven't talked about and I'd love to do that with you. Okay, so first of all, Jennifer say who You know, used to work at Levi's and was a star gymnast when she was younger, she started this company XXXY. And she's been pressuring Nike to try to do an ad, to try to get them to do an ad. Her ad has all these little girls saying, will you stand up for me, Nike, will you stand up for me to try to keep boys at a girl's sports?


Will you stand up for me? Of course. So Nike does an ad and it's about girls. Great. We're halfway there. And is it about keeping boys outta their sports? No. It's about how, I guess America is full of sexist pigs and girl power. Watch the ad. You can't be emotional, so be emotional. You can't take credit, you can't speak up, you can't be so ambitious. Break records, you can't have any fun. You can't make demands, you can't keep scoring, you can't stand out. Whatever you do, you can't win. So win, You can't win.


So when is how the screen reads? I'm sorry Anna, they missed the boat entirely. That is not today's issue. They're ignoring the elephant in the living room. What do you make of it? I mean, I would have tweaked it for sure, but not by much, just a little bit. I would've just showcased these incredibly successful, strong, accomplished women without having that like tinge up victimhood associated with it. Yes, Yes. Because these women have accomplished amazing things. They're incredible. And I feel like it kind of takes away from their accomplishments to like add that like weird victimhood thing to it. Like, look, this is the reality.


Okay, are there misogynistic people out there? Sure, yeah, there are, but I steamroll them. Okay. Steamroll them like these women did. Okay. They don't control us and they don't control our destiny. If you're willing to work hard, if you're willing to focus and be persistent, you can do anything you wanna do. Period. And these women did. So I, I just, as a woman, I don't want to deal with the just like the incessant labeling of like victimhood because of my identity, right? And I think that happens to a lot of different groups. Me, I went to college from 1988 to 1992 as I'm an old lady, and these were the messages they were telling me when I was 17 through 21 about being a woman in America.


Like you, you can be emotional, you can be ambitious, You know, you can stand out, you can win. Like, hello, would you Nike, You know, 2025 called. And they want an updated ad that matches the issues of the day, like what's happening in girls' sports. And not to be outdone, the NFL decided to drop its own ad for a reason that it remains a mystery To me that is completely consistent with what we just saw from Nike trying to highlight what a sexist society we live in. And the ending left me like, Hey, watch Enough. Let's settle this once and for all your best guy, girl, whatever, versus our best guy, the Brad.


Brad, not Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad, Brad, I'm Brad, I can read. There You go. You got folded. Okay. Okay. That's what I'm talking About. Leave the pass behind. Now it's girls playing flag football against other girls.


Let's make girls flag football a var, a varsity sport in all 50 states. Okay, help me out here, because again, this whole thing seems to be set in the 1980s. They've got like the, the razor glasses, the guy's got a mullet, he has the collar turned up, they've got the rock band, and they're trying to pretend that this girl when playing against a team of the Brads who are of course doosies because the left loves to portray men, especially white men, but all men as just a bunch of like Claude Douches and she smokes 'em all, which is not how it would actually go at all. I mean, what, what's actually happening when girls are playing against boys is they're getting hurt, they're getting beaten, they're in danger, they're getting all their teeth knocked out.


They're in the pool with the likes of Leah Thomas, and they're getting absolutely crushed by full body lengths. That's what actually happens because women are at a phy physical disadvantage. But in this imaginary NFL world, women are crushing the Brad and guys like him because girl power and all of this is to promote girl football, which is against other girls. Anna. So help me out. What is, what is the NFL saying here? I hate this crap. I hate all of this crap. Okay, we just got through with an election cycle that really highlighted significant divisions between men and women. I feel like there's this effort to pit Americans against each other depending on their identity or based on their identity.


I don't see men as the enemy here. Okay? I think men in America have their own issues that need to be addressed. Obviously the ma male loneliness crisis is a real crisis. If you look at graduation rates, women are graduating at higher rates than men are from higher education, from colleges and institutions like that. And so, look, I I, I just think we need to heal. The country needs to heal and these divisions based on identity, like we need to stop taking the bait. Like I think there's a lot of bait right now, and it's a distraction. And in reality, we need to be hyper-focused on how to improve the material conditions of Americans, period.


That is, yeah, what should be the focus. And look, corporations like Nike are going to put out ads like that because they think that it's going to help them maximize their profits. Sometimes they hit the mark, sometimes they don't. You know, bud Light, of course, conservatives decided to reign hell on Bud Light over the whole Dylan Mulvaney thing. I think these companies are probably better off not weighing in on culture war stuff because it only further divides Americans and you're trying to sell us shoes and sports equipment. Focus on that. And why, Why wouldn't the NFL if they wanna get girls playing flag football, show girls playing flag football against girls and how fun it is, right?


And how competitive and how fierce, why do you have to make guys into the big loser oaths who, You know, obviously men suck, they're dumb, their neanderthals, they're outdated. You know, like, why, why would you do that? Like, that's part of this wokeness, this woke mind virus as Elon calls it. I'm, and we're over it. And we won a whole election in order to send that message. Let me ask you this. There is now a push by the Trump administration who sent a letter to the NCAA and to the body that governs high school sports saying, we now the thanks to Trump's executive order, we can't have boys playing in girls sports on any NCAA team.


But they're saying not only that we want you to revoke the medals of the boys who did play and stole the girls' medals over the past years. Like Leah Thomas, who with whom Riley Gaines had to share her fifth play place trophy who won the 500 meter. He took gold in a women's match. And I have to say, and Ri said, she's, look at this, look at the height difference and the size difference. And Ri has said she's totally in favor of this. She's, it's not just about her, it's about all the women she's been fighting for. And so am I what Say you, I say, you're, you're gonna put me in trouble, Megan, you're gonna put me in trouble. Megan, you're gonna give gimme another like month of my mentions full of people losing their minds because yeah, it's unfair.


I agree. It is unfair. And the vast majority of Americans agree that it's unfair. Only 18% of Americans support the notion of biological males competing against biological females. And so think you're showing Leah Thomas while you talk, keep going. Yeah. And, and I just look, I, I disagree with your framing a little bit because at the end of the day, I see the humanity in everyone, including transgender women. And so women, I wanna be respectful to them, but I also want, You know, I want that to be reciprocated. I want some acknowledgement in regard to the biological differences between males and females. And for people who don't think that's a big deal. Well, you represent a tiny, tiny, minuscule percentage of Americans who think that it's totally fine for someone to compete against biological females if they're male one day and then identify as female the next day.


You know, it's just, it's not fair. It's a question of fairness. And if the left has decided that fairness doesn't matter, well they're gonna lose a lot of support. And I think that that did hurt them significantly in this last election cycle. We've been watching, You know, in Connecticut where I live, male athletes who ran as males the season before, then switch over to the female team and crush their female competitors who have not been through male puberty, who don't have testosterone and these numbers racing through their bodies. It's, I mean, I've interviewed the girls, it's just so unfair. And I actually do think, what is fair? Here's video of one and such. Track meet. What's, what is fair is to make those men give back our trophies.


They stole them, they cheated their way into getting them in the first place. And what is fair when somebody cheats, they do it in baseball all the time. You can't get into the Hall of Fame. It, my team, Syracuse where I went to school, they got stripped of a bunch of titles because they recruited people with all sorts of, I don't know, nice lures that they weren't supposed to give and they had to give up their trophies. That's what happened here. They should be forced to give back the trophies. Annus Sper, thank you so much. It's been a pleasure. Thank you. It was a pleasure for me too. All right, come back soon. No, we are back tomorrow and we're gonna have the fellas from Ruthless who next week are celebrating a very special anniversary, and we'll have a preview for you on that.


I actually think it's gonna be fun to talk to them about Mitch McConnell not voting for tulsi. Because You know, Holmes used to work for McConnell, so he doesn't hate McConnell, but of course McConnell's changed in the Republican party. So where do the fellas stand now? We'll talk to them tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.