
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


High five Casino is the top social casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the lucky deal package for 9 99 and claim up to 550 game coins. 33 sweeps coins, one sweep coin daily bonus for four days and 350 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits at high five. casino.com. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. Must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. There is so much to get to today. It is an incredibly busy news day. President Trump announces the first trade deal with our longtime ally, the uk. The president says it's the first of many plus a wild and awesome hearing on Capitol Hill yesterday. Brandon Gill is my hero. Remember this guy who went after the head of NPR with her blonde hair and her weird affect, this obvious rich white Connecticut woman riddled with wil white guilt for her enormous privilege growing up in Connecticut.


And she had sent out all those wacky tweets about wanting to pay reparations and reading the the case for reparations. And then he got to her. She's like, I never read that book. Really? Then why did you tweet? You tweet, you tweeted that you did. I don't remember ever doing that. You tweeted that I took the whole day off to read a book on reparations, this book. Anyway, he's back and he took to task the villain who heads up USA fencing. I mean, I got like, what? Why are we spending time on USA fencing? Because it's headed by a villain who is making decisions that are actively hurting young women. And all we needed was to get this cretin in front of people like Brandon Gill, Marjorie Taylor Greene, and Nancy Mace.


All three of whom disemboweled this man. I'm sorry. It was awesome. Okay, we'll get to that. And we have a new nominee for Trump's surgeon General. You know this, if you listen to a update, and it's a great one. Dr. Casey Means you all know her. She's been one of our favorites on the show these past two years. You know, she's brilliant. She's taking some attacks. We'll get into why and discuss it in just a minute here to react to all of this. What a great day to have the news line up with these guys. Josh Holmes, Michael Duncan, Josh John Ashbrook, and comfortably s mug. The hosts of Ruthless.


Here's an idea for someone who has everything. Hot salt. Yes, I said it. Hot salt. Exquisite, savory heat. Now you're interested. So let me tell you about Firecracker Farm. It's a wonderful little family company that makes hot salt, a delightful spice infused sea salt. It has the perfect amount of heat and amazing flavor that makes everything taste better. Words getting out and people are loving it. That's because it's made with love. People can feel it and taste it. It's a small batch family operation. So supplies are limited. Know that it comes in sleek stainless steel push grinders, plus you can take them anywhere when you run out. They have refills a little too spicy for you. Just mix it in with some regular sea salt to tame the heat, but you won't need to. It's blended to perfection. Honestly. It's the best thing to happen to food since fire. So what are you waiting for? Go to firecracker, do farm right now and use the code mk at checkout for a special discount. That's firecracker.farm code, mk. Get some hot salt before it's all gone. Y'all thank me.


Great to see you guys. Great To see you. Thanks for having us. Oh my God. So notwithstanding all that, like the trade, we're gonna get to all of it, but we have to start with what just happened over the past 62 minutes on The View. And it's not even one of my wacky view clips for you where we just make fun of Sonny or Joy. I mean, we, we love those, but this is like legit Joe Biden who's on, well, you guys will tell me what he's doing here and I'll tell you what Mark Halperin says, he's on some sort of a Rehabilitation Tour. Well, okay. Anyway, he goes onto The View and it wasn't rehabilitative at all here.


Okay, let's start with I guess 37. Is that the one we love the best, Steve, you, you pick 35. 35. Why do You think the vice president lost? And were you surprised? Oh, I wasn't surprised not because I didn't think the vice president's most qualified person to be president, and she is, she's qualified to be president of the United States of America. But I was surprised. I I I wasn't surprised because they went the route of the sexist route, all the whole route. I mean, this is a woman, she's this, she's that. I mean, it really, I I've never seen quite as successful and a consistent campaign under cutting the notion that a woman couldn't lead the country and a woman of mixed race.


Ah, What? You could barely spit it out. And you threw that one out There too. My goodness. He, He and Obama are two peas in a PO on this sexism and racism. If you didn't vote for her, that's obviously what she thinks too, but the nerve of this guy, of all people to go, come out and say that's why she lost. Yeah. I mean, here, here's the deal, Megan, you know, they're putting him out there to provide proof of life because a lot of people are wondering, they hadn't seen him in a while, but at some point in every person's life, you go from rehab to palliative care. He is definitely in the palliative care category right now.


It's also sort of funny to me, like they're so effusive in their praise of Kamala Harris. Like at some point it's sort of undercuts whether she was actually qualified. If you have to say it every time you mention Her, you know, it's True. The the other thing is like, it's obvious, the reason why she lost it was all the damaging video and audio of her from when she ran for president back in 2020. It was being tethered to his terrible administration. I was Gonna say, this is like, So like, of course it's easy for him to be like, well, it was misogyny and racism. That's, that's why she went down, because then he doesn't have to admit the thing. Yep. That he was a terrible president. Yeah, it was my border. Yeah. What The hell was he talking about by the way? He was like, I've never seen such an effective, like, misogynistic campaign.


What the, that's actually a first take. I mean, I've, I know that Democrats say, well, it's because the country is misogynistic and, and racist and all those things, but like, he's pointing a finger basically at the Trump campaign saying that they had like this Well, I mean if you go back to like the, the ad slate Yeah. Of the messaging matrix that the Trump administration put together in the course of that campaign. It was immigration, it was crime, it was the horrible economy. I mean, none of these things are gender specific, right? All of these things are his horrible decision making that she was latched to the belt on at The View when she said, Hmm, I can't think of anything I would do differently. Oh, they asked him about that.


They asked him about that moment. Watch this South 36 When the vice president was here. I asked her if she would have done something differently than your administration over the past four years. And because of all the successes that your administration had, I think her response was, there is not a thing that comes to mind now. That answer was weaponized against her. And there has been some reporting that you encouraged her for there to be no daylight between the two of you first. Is that true? And she's reading. And do you think in retrospect that she should have tried to differentiate all the wins that your administration had?


Well, Look, first of all, I did not advise her to say that. Number one, like I said, I was vice president. I understand the role, number one. Number two, I think it was, I think she was talking about she was, wouldn't have changed the successes we've had, not opposed to that. We wouldn't change anything at all. She has to be your own person. And she was, she was. And so I think that that that was used in a way that is contrary to what she meant by when she, when she said that. Oh My gosh. And, and I think that, you know, I, she, she was part of every success we had.


We'd argue like, hell, by the way. No, no, no, that's good. That's good. Yeah. We sit and say, well, what about this provision? Not Joe, I don't like that. Well, why? Anyway, we worked it out. Oh Lord. Did that clear enough for you? I mean, do You have clarity on it now That gerbil is having a hard time spinning the wheel? Yeah, it's about as TORTUROUS I've ever seen. It was TORTUROUS. And, and, and on Sonny's part too, there, like, like she is trying to hand this off to, to Biden and, and, and hopefully he can take it from there, right? Like, like, okay, she wants to straight face tell us that what the question was like what sort of wins would you have changed?


Like, like, like that's an actual question you would ask a person. It doesn't make any logical sense. You, That's exactly, that's What I'm, the way that she, she's like beyond effusive of being like, so here's the thing, because of your record of tremendous successes, dear leader. Yeah. Like what? Right? Are you asking him a question? But Joe, Joe Biden tell us your greatest weakness sucks. Listen, and you know What? You what? You know what's so amazing? You know what was so amazing about it, you guys? Is that, so here, she's like, I am not gonna make the same mistake twice. You know, I already fucked up Kamala Harris's run for the office. That's right. And I am not gonna do anything to undermine this guy, so I'm just gonna give him the answer in the question. Like, you know, and so she declined to distinguish any of her policies from all the ones that you did so successfully.


What's your reaction to that? Right. So she's trying to give him the softball like that, and then he has no idea what she has said. Right. In his defense, it was kind of incomprehensible. Well, but this is not the way to set Joe Biden up for success because He couldn't spin it quite the way she could. And by the way, for the listening audience, she read the entire question. These women are dopes. They can't come up with their own thoughtful question. They can't ad lib something to 'em. She's just reading what some producer, and I know this personally, I've been on The View many, many times. They give you the questions in advance really as the guest. I guarantee you they gave those questions to Joe Biden too, in any event.


What a joke. Right? Like, totally. And so none of it made sense. The premise of the question was false. Like she was giving Kamala the chance to differentiate herself from all the successful policies that Joe Biden had. And then his answer, which is I don't think people used her answer in a way that represented what she really meant, which was I think what you just said, something about how successful I was. Yeah, it's, that's, That's exactly right. And there was, there was one moment where I think something registered for Biden, if you caught at the very end of her question. And she said, I asked this question and the Republicans weaponized it against her.


Yeah. And he's like, like, that was amazing. I didn't tell her to say that. Yeah, No, could, could you could see his face. It was, it's almost like, you know, if you have a generator, your house and power goes off and like everything's dark for a second, then you hear the generator kick on. Yeah. That's like what it looked like. His eyes all of a sudden opened and he was like, I didn't do that. Loving my idea. He got the epinephrine shot. Yeah, no, you're, you're exactly right. That was a, an amazing They weaponized it. You mean they reacted to the things she said and said, gee, that's going to hurt her. She should differentiate herself because he is very unpopular weaponizes. Yeah, go ahead. I think what's really interesting to me is seeing the way that, so this is an opportunity to talk to Joe Biden, which would be a great get, because you could actually ask serious questions because I mean, the American wouldn't, you wouldn't want to know real stuff.


That's the thing. Yeah. And their choice is to be like, so because of all your successes, right? And then that, like, their thinking is that, oh, this must have been just sexism and racism at it. Again, this is why they're stuck where they are as a party. They can't escape the stupid set of ideas that they ran on. And because this wasn't a close election, they got smoked in every swing state. Trump won the popular vote. This is the worst loss that Democrats have had in a generation, if not beyond that. But they're not turning the page on that. Like when, when you were talking about how, well they're trying to say it was a campaign of misogyny. The only ad discussing gender. I remember the Trump campaign ran was the effective one that said that Kamala is for they them Trump is for you.


Yeah. Which, that was Trump standing up for women, right? Right. It was the opposite. It was the opposite. Oh, I gotta interrupt you. We got white smoke. Oh, is it pizza ball? Pizza ball? We, Yes, please. We got white smoke coming outta the Sistine Chapel chimney signaling a new pope has been elected to lead the Catholic church. We didn't hear on SiriusXM. We have firsthand access to data because we have, we are in tight with the Catholics. We know Cardinal Dolan, we know a lot of people around him. I'm gonna ask my team to go check out our sources and find out whether we have infiltrated the Sistine Chapel and we can give you an advance word.


Oh, it's gotta, cannot be the Italian ke guy. It has a single cry for pizza bottle. They cry for it. Okay. It's exciting. I, they're like, let's see. To me it's the basic thing I'm looking for as a Catholic is, are we gonna double down on left wing progressivism in the Pope like we had with Francis? Or are we gonna go more traditional with, you know, an actual conservative pope who's gonna uphold Catherine doctrine in the way that we're used to maybe bring back the Latin mass, get right with the messaging when it comes to a wall and immigration, you know, things like that. Let's find out. We're, we're gonna find out very soon. It's exciting. Maybe we'll get you, we'll get you a picture of the white smoke momentarily.


But let's go back to white, white man, old white man. Joe Biden. Here he is. Let's see if he's done doing any better on his rambling. Okay, let's check in. In so 37, I knew it wasn't gonna happen right away. Right? The, all the, the projects, the, the, the projects, the, the benefits. How do you lead the world without having best infrastructure? How do you lead the world having without him in the best healthcare world, how do you lead the world without having the best education system anymore? How do you lead the world and you don't have that done and they're all set up to do it. And last thing I thought what he would do, I thought he'd come along and be smart.


I shouldn't say, I thought he'd come along and say, say, say, and say he did it. Look, when you have the lovely lady from North Carolina who talked about me with such affection saying, Joe Biden did more than anybody did. And so on as a criticism. Oh yeah. Remember what the hell I ran as an ad. That was good. But my, my point, point is that I thought he'd say no, we're this, I brought you this, I brought you healthcare. I brought you, I brought you this, I brought you that I brought, and we actually, this is a guy who left with the largest deficit. Any president has had it. Well, when he was last time president Yeah.


And cut it to his choice, what it's all about. Cut all these programs. What the hell? All right. To quote the great Archie Bunker, Hey, I mean his, his hangers on are the greediest people. They are so greedy. I mean like, like, oh, There it is, there. It's, have you not Wondered enough? Let the man stay home. I like, don't put 'em out there. He can't handle it. Yeah. It's not how much money do these greedy people need? I mean, they need to line the pockets of the assisted living. Wait, This is, Let him out. So Ashbrook touched on it, smug. You just nailed it. Here's what Halperin said earlier this morning on his YouTube show.


Two way watch Biden's doing this to fight back or Biden's doing this for his reputation. I talked to a, a very, someone very familiar with the Bidens, and I think they've pointed out something that I'm gonna say now. That to me is the explanation third least part of the explanation, which is Biden Inc. Has collapsed. If all those Biden grandkids had a lavish lifestyle, which they very much liked, hunter made hundreds of thousands of dollars, millions of dollars. Joe as a former president, is not in a position to get the same kind of paid speeches, corporate boards, book deal Biden Inc. Needs a source of revenue. And Hunter does, even though he was pardoned, he is not gonna prison.


Hunter does not have great earning capacity. The trough is empty, the spigot has has shut down. They need a way to get back in the game to make big money, to have, have the grandchildren fed and clothed and flown first class, et cetera. Oh, How do you like that one guys? Mark is very, very nailed, smart, but I disagree with him in one key area. He said, hunter doesn't have great earning capacity. The guy is a painter, he's a celebrated artist. And these things sell for hundreds of thousands of dollars, millions of dollars all across New York. Sure. That'll continue. Certainly that would continue. No, I mean, look, he totally nailed it. This has been true of the biden's forever as we think.


Come to find out during the course of his administration, things that we knew when we were in the Senate years and years ago is Biden Inc. Is a very real thing. Yeah. And, and they're right. He, but I, it's an interesting strategy, right? If, if they're using him, throwing him back out there to try to reignite interest in the Bidens and restart the power of Biden Inc. To generate cash. You gotta say something that is like a little bit interesting, right? If he takes that question about Kamala and he is like, yeah, she wasn't the best candidate immediately. That's lady in North Carolina. Yeah. Right. The, the other, the other, the other dynamic that is just over the horizon. There are a bunch of books that are tell alls about how bad Joe Biden was over the last year.


And those are gonna be coming out over the next six months. And I think that they're trying to get ahead of some of that. What else is about to come out? You guys read it in Politico. They, it looks like the Trump administration is going to release the audio of the her report. Oh yeah, that's right. Where he was deemed a well-meaning elderly man with a poor memory. Couldn't remember when his son Bo died when he was vice president. That's not going to go well. And they could be trying to get ahead of that as well. Here's a little bit more. Speaking of those around him who covered up his infirmity, or at least that's where my mind went. Dr. Jill was there too, and as usual came to the rescue watch.


So 38. What is your response to these allegations? Or are these sources wrong? They are wrong. There's nothing to sustain that, number one. Number two, you know, This is about the books. Think Of what, what we're left with. We left with a circumstance where we, we had a insurrection when I started. We that, not since the Civil War, we had a circumstance where we were in a position that we, well, all the pandemic because of the incompetence of the last outfit right? End up over a million people dying, many people dying. And we're also in a situation where we found ourselves unable to deal with a, a lot of just basic issues and which I won't go into in interest of time.


And so we went to work and we got it done. And you know, one of the things that, that, well, I'm, I'm, Well, and Alyssa, you know, one of the things I think is that, oh Boy, The people who wrote those books were not in the White House with us. And they didn't see how hard Joe worked every single day. I mean, he'd get up, he'd, he'd put in a full day and then at night he would, I'd be in bed, you know, reading my book, and he was still on the phone reading his briefings, working with staff. I mean, it was nonstop. It's the White House. Being president is not like a job.


It's a lifestyle. It's a life that you live. You live it 24 hours a day. That phone can ring at 11 o'clock at night or two in the morning. It's constant. You never leave it. And Joe worked really hard. I think he was a great president. She's filibuster and you look at Today and he turned off. Yep, he did. Yep. If you look the generator's down today, Gimme Joe Biden. Anytime. Okay. Wait, can I just say a couple things about this? First of all, she's, she, she's reminding me of Jordan, bill Belichick's girlfriend. It, Those two are the same person in the same relationship in different ways.


Second of all, she says none of these people writing the books worked for us. Well, one of the first to have his book hit interviewed Ron Klein, who was Joe Biden's chief of staff for almost all of his presidency. And he went on the record saying that Biden thought he was president of nato. Weren't we together when that broke, didn't we talk about this? He thought he was president of NATO and didn't realize he was president of the United States. That is Where was that follow up ladies of The View? I must have missed it. There's, there's something just totally absurd about all of this, right? You got Jill Biden stepping in there and saying late night briefings, phone calls.


Well, I, I'm in bed and I'm reading my book and Joe's still working like, let me assure you the youthful vigor of the man who couldn't complete answering this question. Do you know? Like, it doesn't make any sense. It doesn't make any sense. The guy, the guy's on this, he's sitting next to you falling asleep Again. I, I think it goes back to the same thing we said earlier About with Kamala Harris. They kept replying or kept repeating the line of she's competent, she's competent, she's so qualified, she's so qualified. If you're sitting next to a skeleton nodding off and you're saying, listen, he works so hard. He puts in these long hours. If you have to keep telling people, oh, he's, he's fine. He keeps working these long, hard hours. No one believes it. And every time you say it, they believe it less and less. I mean, none of the women on The View that are sitting there are just kind of like glancing over at 'em while she's given that stem winder.


And they're like, you know, his jaw's like hanging on the floor looks, And they can't, it, They can't do a live follow up. You know, they can't, it's not if you just stay, stay steeped in the news, you could easily say, well, his chief of staff went on the record and said the following. Maybe their producers behind the scenes need to get smarter and just write in the little follow up. He's, they're likely to say he worked very hard or that none of his staff members wrote these books. Here is your follow up, you nimrods. But they either didn't put that down or they didn't know how to execute on it. It's incredibly frustrating. And, and for, for Biden's weekend at Bernie's crew who like, handle him, have him stop doing that crutch of being like, well, I'm not gonna get into it. Everyone's already figured out.


That's just a crutch because he is already lost his talking about Yeah, That's dementia. He's Gotta find another Crutch. Yeah. That, in my opinion, that's a clear sign of dementia. I've seen people I know struggling with it use that as like filler. They've lost their train of thought. They don't know what to say next. And so they just, well, I'm not gonna get into it. Yep. Well, you know. Right. Well, nevermind. It's better. I don't say it. It's like, and Biden was doing that at least for the last year of his presidency. We all saw it many times. Here's one more. There was an act. They, they did bring up the accusations of hiding his cognitive decline. Here's the good doctor responding. Oh gosh. Naturally, you're your husband's fiercest advocate.


She's reading a close Advisors Fucking pathetic Recording that you created, sort of tune around him and kind of limited his interactions with the media and others. Do you think you could have been too close to the situation to objectively gauge whether he could handle a full four more years? I, I was with Joe Day and night. I saw him more than any other person. I went, woke up with him. I went to bed at night with him. So I saw him all throughout the day talking about him. Did not sitting right there. I cocoon around him. I mean, he's Anate object in the Oval Office. You saw him making speeches. He wasn't hiding somewhere. I didn't have him, you know, sequestered in some place.


I mean, that's where, where she had Was that hurtful to you when they were describing you as Lady Macbeth and all of those? Yes. It was very hurtful. It was very hurtful. Especially from some of our so-called friends. Yeah. Oh, That's a blast. That is we the victim. A hundred percent. Yeah. Yeah. You think that was at the Obama's, I was like, Michelle, Obama. Obama, Obama, Obama at Pelosi At Michelle Obama. A hundred percent. That's where that was headed. I just find it whole thing, the strangest deal I've ever seen in my entire life. You've got a former president of the United States who left office like, I don't know, 120 days ago or so. I mean, he was the head of the most powerful country in the world.


The leader of the free world. He's on stage and you're basically asking his care provider Yeah. How the patient operates. Yeah. You know, and he's sitting there like De Niro from Awakenings. It's like, I I have absolutely no clue. Like how can you conceptualize, like I know that the people on The View are never in any danger of doing anything smart. I got it. But like at some point you think you'd build in a, a scenario of what happens if he just turns off on stage. And maybe this is, it's like, well you gotta get Dr. Jill on there. And nobody wants to know her opinion about anything, by the way. But you gotta get her in there to fill in case the guy, the light switch turns off. It's Amazing. Yeah. I I just want to echo Megan's sentiment that like, these women are extremely dumb because this should be the easiest interview in the history of, in interviews that they do.


We all live this. We saw his presidency, we saw the campaign, we saw him drop out. The fact that they have to read from a script Yeah. About these questions. Like they aren't obvious questions that anybody who's on television should be able to say without a script. It's crazy when She talks about my so-called friends, like, don't you think a follow up? Like what meant? Yeah. Let's be specific here. Whatcha talking about Nancy Pelosi, Barack and Michelle? Like Yep. Who specifically are you thinking about? Let's go through it. Who do you feel betrayed by? Name names Pelosi did. Pelosi went out there on a book tour. She spoke about this a lot. Why won't like Michelle Obama? They don't like her, so why wouldn't they? And The View doesn't wanna hear it. That's the reason. No, no.


They're just a, a full lib restoration project. I wish we could get someone to, on the Democrat side to write the really juicy tell all that everyone, a lot of people in DC already know the story about the animosity and the hatred between the Obamas and the Bidens between how Michelle Obama is like very good friends with Hunter Biden's ex and they helped knife each other up. And how Joe Biden has always felt slighted by Barack for telling him number one not to run. But also Barack Obama clipped Biden's pride by loaning him money because the biden's were broke. Like this is a huge story. If the American people said, well so bad that during the de Democratic National Convention on Obama night, Biden and Jill went to Milwaukee outside of Chicago because they didn't, couldn't be in the same building on the same evening.


I mean that, that's think a story that's worth telling. And you got these four dumb asses that are sitting up there like, tell us about all your successes again. What what What makes me so upset about it is it's such a disservice to their audience, right? Yes. Like, it's such a disservice to these Democrats who, like, they're owed the truth, right? They're owed the truth of this because they got embarrassed in November. And if they're ever gonna figure out what they're doing as a party, like you actually have to ask the tough questions. And if they're not gonna do that, hey great for us. We love it and it's great content, but what a disservice. Like if you want to know why your ratings are in the toilet, it's because of this. I mean, think about the Republican party and the right after Romy lost it turned into, into man blood path of knives and, and accu and, and accusations of trying to figure out what happened.


And then you got President Trump out of it. Yeah. Right? And they're, they're, they're not doing that at all. Who, By the way, Trump, of course he spun the, the wisdom after Romney, which was we need comprehensive immigration reform. We need a, a path to citizenship. Right? Right. For the illegals. And Trump came out in 15 saying F all of that. We're not doing any of that. The, and you know, that was the beginning of Trump not being beholden to any party dogma. Just saying, I see it very differently and I will say it differently and I'm doing it differently. Okay, speaking of doing things differently, Casey Means is the new surgeon, general nominee who this audience knows, 'cause she's been on the program many times.


He pulled Dr. Janet nwa, who was the sister-in-law of Mike Walls. And my information is that's why she was chosen. I was told that by somebody who is in a position to know, and Trump liked her 'cause he saw her on Fox News. She's beautiful. And she goes on Fox and you know, obviously that gives you a leg up with the president, but she didn't seem like the right person for the job. First of all, she went to a Caribbean medical school and I'm sorry, but we all know what that means. Okay. She couldn't get into one stateside. You don't go to the Caribbean for medical school if you can get into any med school in the continental 50 United States.


That's just how it's, I used to be married to a doctor, trust me. I know She ran City md, which is like, you know, that like urgent care clinic chain, that chain, it's like chain medicine. Okay? So that's not ideal, but fine. Well let's not get obsessed with credentials. That's what the left does. Her real problem was she was pro the masking of children and pushing vaccines for kids under five long past when people like Darty, Dr. Marty McCarey of Johns Hopkins were writing full op-eds in the Wall Street Journal opposing these things.


Doctors like Vene Prasad who just got tapped to join the administration were jumping up and down about the myocarditis that we were seeing in young men. And she was still advocating that it be pushed. So that's why this woman should not have been the surgeon general pick and why I personally have nothing against her, but I'm glad she's gone. She's gonna work for Bobby Kennedy in some way. HHS, whatever. Okay, so now he taps Casey Means, which I was like, that's amazing. I'm thrilled. I love Casey Means she's at the heart of Maha. She's like one of the creators of Maha. She's one of these functional medicine G gals, kind of like the Dr. Mark Hyman mold he was on recently.


If the audience remembers him, who really thinks we've been too focused on these band-aids we put as temporary fixes on chronic illnesses as opposed to yes, curing them but stopping them as opposed to stopping them in the first place. There's this whole group of functional medicine doctors that's much more interested in looking at how chronic disease is everywhere and trying to change that about our society. So we don't have to focus on cures and treatments, but just wellness efforts. Like do you, does this patient have some sort of Lyme disease that's gone untreated? Is this person living in a mold infested home?


Does this person have some sort of autoimmune condition that we need to take a look at? Are they swimming in a toxic stew that we could lower by removing some of the preservative laden food or ultra processed food or seed oils that are ubiquitous in their environment? How can we remind people not to microwave plastic and then eat out of it lit? Things like that. But like there are a lot of them that can increase your wellness load. And people like Dr. Casey Means are very focused on that. Looking at how we grow, what the soil that we grow our agriculture in and making sure that these chemicals aren't all over our fruits and vegetables that we give to our kids that we think is quote healthy, right?


That we're not eating fish that's l laden with mercury. I could keep going like drinking water contaminated with fluoride and chlorine. That's Casey Means is reason to live right now. I was gonna do French, but I, I can't. And so she tells this story very movingly about how she was, I think she, she might have been number one or she was definitely at the top of her Stanford undergrad class at the very top Stanford undergrad, which is not easy, not easy to get into Stanford, nevermind, finish at the top. Then she goes to Stanford Medical School, which is also not easy and finishes at the top there. Then she gets a prestigious ear, nose and throat surgical residency at the University of Oregon.


And so she goes up there and is crushing it in her residency. She is within one year of finishing the residency and doing very well. And she says, I cannot do this one minute longer. There was a, a woman who came in, Casey had to operate on her. She had been in for repeated operations for the same problem if memory serves. And Casey said to herself, what are we doing? We're not helping, we're just churning and burning the same quote fixes on these patients. Yeah. And then spitting them back in, out into a process where they will not be educated, helped nothing around them will change. And she found it too disheartening to continue.


And she went in to her attending physician and said, I'm leaving, I'm leaving the program. And he begged her not to. This is in her book and she's given story interviews about it. I begged her not to and she said, I can't do this. So she left and she started her own practice and to get more into functional medicine and started thinking about the things that would ultimately wind up in the book. Good energy would be at the center of the Maha movement. Her brother Callie was going through his own evolution and realizations having worked for Coca-Cola and came out hard as almost like a whistleblower against what companies like that are doing to us with the sugar and the food supply and the SNAP program and so on. And they've become very important and essential Americans, especially when it comes to Maha.


Great. So why is she getting mercilessly attacked right now by some within the Maha movement and by Laura Loomer who I don't know if she's in, if she considers herself Maha. And I really don't dismiss Laura Loomer because I, people call her a conspiracy theorist. She's been right about a lot. Okay. So people need to know that because her, her critics just dismiss her as like some conspiracy theorist. She's been right about a lot. And I've watched it myself on this program. 'cause I came to her very open-minded. Is she conspiracy theorist? We were all supposedly conspiracy theorists. So what's the story she's really taking aim at Casey.


And I have to say on this one, I really disagree. I disagree strongly because I'm just gonna tell you some of the allegations. Okay. She said, hold on, gimme a little piece of paper. 'cause I wrote, write this stuff down. Okay. She said that Casey Means her dad wrote a Protran Children's book back in 2020. Well, he did write a, a book that was about like a weird, an odd duckling or goose and how it wound up, it basically wound up being gay. And in the opening to the book, he does say that this is, it's about Felix, a unique bird. And he says it's a story for children and adults alike.


And says it's, it's for, I'm trying to find the exact quote, but it's about, oh, coming of age is challenging for most children, but it can be especially tough for those grappling with their gender and sexual identities. Gender. He, so he mentions it and the, but I've looked at the book, at least what I can find if it, I have like four pages and it's really about a gay goose. Okay. It's like, it's not really about the trans issue, even though they mentioned gender. He doesn't love a gay goose as a gay goose. Okay. Whatever. By the way, it's her father. It's not her. Like, I don't, okay. So like if she had written this, maybe we'd, it would lead to a follow-up question at the hearings. Like what, what do you think about, you know, children grappling with their gender identities?


That's really the question, isn't it? What does Casey Means? Think about children wrestling with their gender identities. And I can tell you something guys, because I know Casey Means I know her from the many times I've had her on this program and I've talked to her off this program. She is where I am on this. She is not pro the transing of children at all. Her brother Callie right now is out there calling it demonic. They're very close. She hasn't spoken to it as far as I know publicly. 'cause I, no one's asked her. Everybody's much more focused on like functional health. But she is not going to be in any way, shape or form supportive of puberty blockers for minors, cross-sex hormones for minors or surgeries for minors.


And if somehow I am proven wrong and I won't be, I will personally lobby the president to fire her. I will personally lobby the president to fire, which I'm not going to have to because I, I've spoken to her. I know this is firsthand reporting how she feels about it. Okay, so that's that, that's number one. Then she points out Loomer does that, she never completed her residency. That is true. I just gave you the context. She points out she does not even have an active medical license in Oregon. That's true. Because she decided to stop practicing medicine a couple of years into her private practice and to do, she has this company now that offers like all day glucose monitoring and ex explains to people how to read their blood levels when they get their lab tests, test back and so on, sort of helps more millions as opposed to like individuals.


And I can speak to this as a lawyer. I I passed the bar in New York, in Illinois and in Massachusetts. Okay. So I, I was admitted in all those states. I practiced at length in New York State, in Chicago, in Washington DC for that matter. And I wound up going dormant on all of my law licenses many years into joining, you know, journalism full-time because A, it, it costs money. And b, it's a lot of continuing legal education. And in her case, medical education a lot, it's demanding is a lot of bar fees. There pains in the ass to maintain. And if you're really not gonna be practicing, it's pointless to do it. She's still a doctor, but she just, just chose not to stay licensed so that she could actually practice medicine right now.


She could get that license back like that, right? So it's like, and not for nothing, but all the continuing medical edu education, half of it is pushed by big pharma, more than half probably. So it's like what we're upset she wouldn't go right back into the system that is corrupting our doctors that we're complaining about. That actually happens to be her life mission now to combat it makes no sense. So there's all that. I think that's basically it. I've, I've, I've hit the biggest things. Laura's upset too that she's a little like out there and some of her spiritual practices. She pulled up her newsletter. Casey Means is where she said, she talked about how these are the things I did to try to tap into the mystical side of evolving my consciousness and being ready for partnership, like looking for a man, which she did find.


And she got married. Here are a few. She said, I don't necessarily recommend these, but these were part of my journey. I set up a small meditation shrine in my house. I prayed to photos of my, of my ancestors asking for support on my journey. I went to weekly group meditations and spiritual lectures in order to tune in with the spirit. I worked with a spiritual medium who helped me try to connect with my spirit guides for support and guidance. I, my therapist who helped me get outta my first marriage ha wanted me to be doing all this stuff. Like didn't speak to me personally. Like this is actually like a, an established lane for people who are struggling, especially in relationships. I hiked alone and talked literally out loud to the trees, letting them know I was ready for partnership.


I pursued visualization techniques that helped me see my visions for the future. I did plant medicine experiences with trusted guides and wrote extensively about my experience and insights. And she's admitted and she said in her book she did psychedelics, which does have a way of making people like feel more connected with Mother earth and the universe, whatever. All that's part of her journey. She's been very open about it, but she is so she's got a little eastern we medicine in there, but she's a very western medicine too, and sees all of its problems, all of its problems. And then you got the hardcore anti-vaxxers who want her to come out and condemn the fact that anyone is still taking the covid vaccine.


I have news for those people. She would be totally unconfirmed, totally unconformable. We, he cannot choose somebody who feels that way as controversial as most of us find the vaccine at this point. So that's my take on her. I think she is the antidote to most of the problems we all see right now in the medical field. In the medical industrial complex. She and her brother Callie are warriors for revolution within our healthcare system. And I am 110% behind both of them, including Casey Means for surgeon in general.


Any thoughts? Yeah. And like what a, what a what a brave thing to do to like study your whole life to get into the medical field. And we all know how hard that is to do, how much it costs, how much time like you give your entire life to this, all those years of schooling and whatnot. And then find yourself at the end of this process in the medical field where you're putting bandaids over bullet bulls, you know, in somebody's health problems that are chronic. Like the problems people show up at the hospital with. Very rarely do they just happen like that. Yeah. You know, it took 10 years, it took so, so, so to witness that on a daily basis and then be like, I'm gonna change my whole life and be an advocate for a broader look at medicine, that's a brave thing to do.


Yeah. You know, to step away from the thing that you put your life into to look at health more holistically. Do I love the woo woo stuff about talking to trees? No, but also like, welcome to the big 10 of MAGA politics. Yeah. That's what it's like. Like this is what it is. And that's how Donald Trump became president of the United States. You know, I mean like, and there, there's Nothing wrong with Joe Rogan. Joe takes ayahuasca. I don't take ayahuasca. I like Joe Rogan. Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah. Like, that's just, there's nothing wrong. Like if you're spiritual, if I know a lot of people who are very spiritual and they do things like this, the whole push is like to get more in touch with nature, you know, literally to walk barefoot. That whole touch grass thing is actual, it's real, like, it's called grounding.


It's supposed to, according to some counteract, like the nonstop EMFs and radio frequencies that are everywhere. I don't know whether any of that's true, but I I have seen support for it from doctors I trust who are more western medicine based. In any event, just being, even if you don't believe it counteracts, you know, EMF it, it's of course good for you to go outside to smell the air. Yeah. To see the sunlight, to take in some vitamin D like that's kind of what she said. She, she writes in her book about it when her mom died of pancreatic cancer and she had spent the last, you know, weeks and months with her how deeply traumatic it was and how angry it made her at the healthcare system. This was a couple years after she left the residency because the mother had all the signs that people listening to this may be experiencing right now, or the family member where it was like, oh, your blood pressure is a little high.


Why don't you go on, you know, Christ or, or some other statin. Okay, no problem. Oh, you know, you're a a little overweight at today. They'd say, go on Ozempic. Right? Which wasn't around when she was here. Oh, you've got pre-diabetes, but it, it's nothing to worry about. You know, we can manage it with these medicines. And then of course it turns into full diabetes and now you're actually really in trouble and in danger. Yeah. And ultimately her mom who'd been on this downward path on her health, and it's not that the doctors didn't care about her, it's that the whole system is set up to do this, to just medicalize, you know, drug respond with like, what's the word? Just, just, just with pharmacy, just respond with pharmacy options.


Ultimately she gets pancreatic cancer in her, I think young seventies. And Casey writes about how when they buried her, they chose to bury her not in a casket. Like this is a thing you can do at certain cemeteries where like that's what her mom wanted to be like, given to have your body actually given back to the earth, like true ashes to ashes, dust to dust, and how it's like, you know, like that your remains could actually lead to the growth of something beautiful on this earth at some point. I don't think there's anything wrong with that. That's, I applaud having somebody in a position to be a spokesperson that she's not setting, you know, health policy, that's Bobby Kennedy, that's gonna be Jade Bachar.


It's really the spokesperson for public health, believing in that kind of thing. And understanding medicine doesn't have to be totally limited to what comes out of a needle. Yeah. Yeah. I I think there's a lot to be said about that. I, I, I had family who was prescribed, I mean, you name it, they, like you said, the whole story is just so familiar. It's like, okay, you have pre-diabetes, give them this, give them this, give them this. And then now you're dealing with all the side effects that, you know, you have an elderly individual who's now on a battery of these medications. It's like, is this truly the best lifestyle that you're affording these people? And how did this become absolute?


You just accept that when you walk into a doctor's office, the notepad's gonna be from one pharma company. Yes. They're gonna have a, a little clipboard from another pharma company. Pen's gonna be from another pharma company. It's like, did I walk in to get health treatment or is this like a NASCAR ad where everyone's got their sticker who's sponsoring them all over the place? This is, this is how we take care of people. And, and you know, when you bring up Bobby Kennedy, there was a YouTube video that he put up me and my wife saw about a year ago where he was talking about things like the food colorings that is in, in so much of our food in America, which is banned in Europe. And every western country, every civilized country on earth has banned all these substances that are being thrown in, in foods that, in drinks that we get, that are put on like snap benefits so that now you're poisoning the entire group of people.


You're making kids dependent because poor people, you know, getting them addicted to, to these products. And then now you're wondering, why is it that we pay more for healthcare and end up with worse outcomes? We really wanna continue this of, of the same people calling the shots, then getting, you know, once they're done with their job as a, as a surgeon general, now they're going to their consultancy with a pharma company. It's like at some point we have to stop and think that this system that we've put in place isn't working for, it's making things worse and worse. But we should, Like, we should be able to have both, right? Like we should be able to have like life changing drugs that save people's lives. Like, think about like, you know, somebody has a stroke, you know, and they go to the hospital and they can give 'em a clo buster that clears out the stroke and literally save somebody's life.


But like, not every medical intervention needs to be a crisis intervention at that last moment. Right? Like it's broadening the aperture of what health is in this country and the way we can take care of ourselves to avoid those things. It's, it, this is sort of the problem with politics, particularly in a modern age where everybody's got a hot take about everything. Like I just don't think this is this difficult. Right? Yeah. They think that you just had is absolutely right when you have lifesaving medication that comes, happens to come from a pharma medic operation. Okay, that's a good thing. That's a good thing. Great. Should they control the entire industry health to nuts? No, but like, you're a human, you have rational, logical processes that go into any of that. She sounds like a pretty thoughtful lady, you know?


So she likes to go outside and wander through the woods. Well, you know, like, I like to have 15 beers and go to the golf course. You know, it it like this is normal life stuff to each his own. Yeah. And, but like, you know, in terms of whether she is exactly aligned. I mean her, her father writing a book, oh, wait till she finds about a family of of RFK. Really gonna hate that. Yeah. That's a hell of a lot worse than gay goose. I'll tell you a, Okay, so she doesn't have the medical license. That's not, it's not like it got pulled from her, et cetera. Like this is, this is not an issue. Like she doesn't, she's not gonna be practicing medicine as Surgeon General.


The whole point is like, are you qualified to talk about the public health system? And she's beyond qualified and not for nothing. But the last surgeon general, the murti under Obama and then resurrected again under Joe Biden had perfect credentials. He was double Harvard. He had worked for all the right public service groups trying to help all these kids around the world with AIDS and HIV and all the things that the left would completely praise. And what did he do as Surgeon General? He shoved those vaccines down the throats of the American people and their children. He just like the first woman Trump nominated, but even worse, pushed masking at every turn, including on children.


He downplayed the risk of myocarditis to teenagers being forced to take their seventh booster. I don't care about his perfect credentials. I would take Casey Means over that guy every day of the week. And she, there's nothing wrong with her. I mean, honestly, like the, everything that's been raised about her gives me zero pause, Zero pause. I, I, listen, I totally agree. You'd be better off having no surgeon general at all than having somebody like the last cat that you just described. I mean, that was a yes. A nightmare scenario for the American people and a whole generation of children, of which we have a collective sum here on the variety program. But this lady seems really thoughtful. I don't know a lot about her.


I, what I do know largely comes from you and your interviews with her. But boy, wouldn't it be nice to have somebody that's just sort of outside the box? And, and by the way Yes. Understands that a key component of the Trump coalition was the Maha C huge. Right? Exactly. Right. And so, and without Casey, I don't even know if you would've had RFKJ and his endorsement of Trump and so on. All right, we're gonna take a pause, take a break. We'll be right back.


The human body is incredible capable of repair and growth that amazes scientists even in 2025. But as the years pass, natural healing and building processes slow down. While this is normal, there is a way to support your body. A collagen supplement from Ancient Nutrition can help you look and feel your best. For centuries, people have searched for a mythical fountain of youth. Spoiler alert, it does not exist. However, collagen is a proven way to promote youthful health and appearance. And that's why I wanna tell you about Ancient Nutrition's. Multi collagen. Advanced Lean Ancient Nutrition combines ancient wisdom with modern science to create high quality supplements. It's delicious and easy to incorporate into daily routines. You can mix it into your coffee, your matcha, or your smoothies. Right now. Enjoy 25% off your first order at Ancient Nutrition dot com slash Megan. That's Ancient Nutrition dot com slash Megan for 25% off. Support your body and feel your best with Ancient Nutrition.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs, led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past porting spectrum for their intrusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Ah, it's exciting. White smoke coming outta the chimney of the sis teen chap on Listen to the cheers in St. Peter's. Girl. Aw, there are tears. I'm feeling a little emotional. It's, it's a big deal. Gosh, it's a big deal. It's a big deal for the world's 1.4 billion Catholics. And just seeing the emotion in Rome is quite something. Oh, there's some priests doing the sign of the cross. Everyone's holding their arms up to the ceiling or to the sky in thanks and celebration.


It's big. I mean, it's big that the, the leader of the Catholic church can absolutely change the direction of the church in, in ways, you know, for the, for the better and for the worse. And Pope Francis was controversial. You know, the, the truly like, deeply religious observant Catholics were split on him because he was so socially progressive. But I'll tell you this, I, I've said this story, but just the long version is short version is like two years ago, I, I was having sort of a crisis of faith just wondering like, why do I have to deal with the middleman? Like, why, you know, like our evangelical friends, they don't, there's no middleman, you know, like that's, this is like a Christian, a uniquely Catholic thing.


And yeah, I was thinking about wandering outside of the Catholic church. So I wandered over to a Presbyterian service thinking they're looser. Maybe this is like the place for me where I don't, I don't know. I'll have to investigate. The whole homily was about transing children and how it's good and we need to support it. I'm like, and I'm out. The thing about the Catholic church, even under Pope Francis, who was like the most progressive pope we've had in my lifetime, is they hold the line on the core things that matter to most Catholics, whether it's abortion or transing children, they're not big on gay marriage.


Something I have attended and support for my friends, but I understand the controversy around it. So there's a very firm, strict moral code. And I have to say, say, I find that very attractive. I like that. I don't like wishy washiness. Like you get, if you're a Presbyterian, forgive me, my husband's a Presbyterian, my Presbyterian friends, you know what I'm trying to say. In any event, here they are cheering outside and it's amazing, guys. Is it Now this is a live feed. Look at the thousands who have poured into St. Peter Square. Now that we know a new pope was about to be announced. We don't know who it is, but I don't know. Are you guys Catholic? Anybody out out there? Catholic? On my panel? Yeah. Down here. Yeah.


Holmes. Holmes had a whole conclave monsignor's at his wedding. Yeah. A couple of bishops. Yeah. Couple of bishops. Oh yeah. No, we did it right. We did it right. But you know, like I was, I thought maybe you were going down the road of just taking a chainsaw at all the denominations. Yes. I feel like we're your guys for that. That's some observations once the Episcopalians escape, like they're essentially a social club. Well, Yeah. So, and that's, and that's the thing, wait, Now that I, now that you say that I went Episcopal, I wrongly ripped the Presbyterians. It was the Episcopalians that did the homily on the trans kids. Yeah, yeah. Sorry. Forgive me. Presbyterian. God. I mean, it'd be like a ooc delivering, you know, the, the, the, the Sunday morning sermon at a Episcopalian place.


Yeah. Yes. I Love the Pageantry. I love the pageantry of the Catholic church. I love that ceremony. I love the white smoke. I like the me too. You know, all that stuff is, is great. And then of course, there's millions of people around the world that derive great faith and, and direction from the Catholic church. And that's something to celebrate even if you don't believe it. Yeah. Ritual and tradition. Yeah. Right. And I think, you know, Megan said it best, but like a church that doesn't stand for something with moral clarity is a social club. It's not a church. Ah, good point. Yeah. And I think you could draw a direct causation to the church abandoning those core principles and the lack of attendance, especially with our young people.


You gotta stand for something and, and people aren't going to rally and fill the pews in your church if you don't. They just aren't. Plus the other nice feature about being Catholic is that anytime you do screw up in some, you know, way, you can just go apologize for it, basically. Yeah. And they give you a homework assignment. Yeah. And, and then like, all is clean, so you can feel like pretty good about it afterwards. Well, Protestants, we have that too. We have that too. It doesn't require the homework. There's the healing power of grace. Oh yeah. Which is something that's good. Which I, I appreciate. I You gotta give a shout out to the Jews here who just one day of atonement, that's it. One day a year. That's just private. It can be done.


Like you, you go to temple, but it's kind of between you and your God. That's it. A whole year of sin and sinning, forgiven. It's like, it's You're good. Yeah. It seems like a, like a nice ROI on that. Right. You know, you could just kind of turn that around in 24 hours freshly. I know Also, Well, we'll see, I'm certainly, you already have, but have you gotten a chance to visit the Vatican City, Megan? Yeah, We were there two years ago and we went on the full tour. We went into the Sistine Chapel with like, we had like, sort of the VIP tour. And it was breathtaking. It was absolutely stunningly breathtaking. And if you don't feel moved, whatever your religion, you don't have a heart.


Yeah. I mean, it's like, hello, there's Michelangelo on the ceiling and you, you know, think about what it took for him to create these Im magnificent works in this magnificent place that's so holy and so profound and, you know, from which billions of lives will be affected potentially. Right. That the edicts that come outta the church, and again, I, I don't pretend they don't have a very, I don't know what the word is, dark history in more recent years when it comes to the child sex abuse scandal. Oh, yeah. Yeah. For which they really have never fully, fully like atoned or taken full responsibility. You know, there were so many years of passing the trash, it was awful. But I also don't think that's the real legacy of my church and what they stand for.


And I think to Holmes's point, you know, we can forgive our church leaders and how they, they behaved the same way God forgives us. I mean, we have to dig deep to do it. And there are kids today still walking around with those scars. But look, I just like, you don't focus on like your spouses worst chapter or your kid's worst chapter. That's, that's how I feel about the Catholic church. I don't focus on absolute Worst thing. Well, there's a ton of ref, a ton of reform that was ushered in afterwards. You know, my kids go to Catholic school and if you want to volunteer as a parent, if you wanna volunteer for anything, you gotta go through a full day of classes. I mean, you can't just show up to a class. I mean, what they've done to try to ensure that that never happens again, I think is, is impressive.


President Trump weighed in, he's probably disappointed it wasn't him or Marco Rubio. He said, I saw the smoke, but I haven't seen the Pope. He said on his way out of the White House just moments ago, here's Buck Sexton weighing in. Yes, there's white smoke from the Vatican, but how long before a Biden appointed judge reverses the Conclaves decision? Very good. Well, we'll see. As soon as we have news from the Vatican, we will go there and we will bring you the announcement. Okay. In the meantime, I've got to bring you this. We were on the subject of public health. This is not leading the news on any broadcast, but we have got to talk about what happened over at this lab underneath the HHS umbrella, at the Fort Dietrich Integrated Research facility.


That's the name of the lab where they do the riskiest research on our most deadly infectious diseases. COVID, Ebola, all the worst stuff. Okay? You wanna work in there. You have to wear the full head to toe hazmat suit and you know, it's like a clean room, basically. You know, where you touch anything with your bare body and you're seriously in danger of dying. Well, this whole situation I'm about to walk you through reminds me of this scene from the great movie Outbreak starring Dustin Hoffman, Renee Russo, and Kevin Spacey who worked in these labs.


And then when there was this weird outbreak of this disease, thanks to this monkey, they were working tirelessly to try to figure out, you know, what it was and could they come up with a vaccine. And here's, I'm showing you the following scene for a reason. Watch, I think a state sanctioned divorce signed by both parties is strong evidence that something was off. Did you talk To her? He's suiting up for the listen of Audience. Sam, do you know how I've managed to manage friends with the two of you? Oh, because I don't have conversations like this. I'm not asking you to take sides. Sides Talking any suiting up didn't Take talk. You mean she's not a mean person? I'm asking you your opinion. What is this? What? You didn't check your suit? There's a tear in it.


Can I fix your breath away? Okay. And then later he's walking around and sure enough, his suit like rips. And that's the end of Kevin Spacey. Okay, so why am I, oh, I haven't seen it yet. Why are, oh, sorry. It's amazing. So why am I talking about this? Because, okay, I'm gonna go backward. Last week, I think it was April 30th, wired Magazine, which is so far left, drops a story, a research facility within the US National Institutes of Health that is tasked with studying Ebola and other deadly infectious diseases has been instructed by the Trump Administration's Department of Health and Human Services to stop research activities.


The research pause is the latest disruption to federal science agencies. After HHS Secretary Robert Kennedy announced the, at the end of March, that 10,000 people across the vast Federal Health Agency would lose their jobs, including those at the National Institutes of Health, FDA and CDC. So Wired is basically like, they just shut down one of our most important labs studying these deadly infectious diseases. And it's because of Doge and that Arum. Okay. Plot twist. Enter Dr. Jay Charia, who you know is now running NIH, Who says, you are not gonna Believe this.


He comes out and says, two weeks ago I ordered all work to halt at a high biosecurity risk NIH lab located in Frederick, Maryland. I did this because of a serious incident involving biosafety that had occurred in early March, but which did not cross my desk until weeks later. It turns out that a contractor at the lab had deliberately cut a hole in a biocon containment suit over a personal dispute with a coworker. Oh my God. Wait. And then the plot thickens more Fox News reports, according to an h, an HHS official who is willing to speak on the matter under the condition of anonymity.


The pause stemmed from a lover spat Oh. Between researchers at the facility, which resulted in one of the individuals poking holes in the other's personal protection. Oh, that's what you get for fishing off the company pier. Yeah. Unbelievable. Oh my God, you guys, that's not, not your average workplace, because Yeah. Was was there an associated attempted murder charge with that? Yes. I mean that's what this, it could wipe out the eastern seaboard. Can you, I mean like unbeliev, like, think about that. They're like, well if this guy catches Ebola and just spreads it to the, you know, major metropolitan areas on the Eastern United States, it's still worth it because I was slighted.


Yeah, that's right. Like some people get weird magazines delivered to their colleagues, or they like get on their email and send an embarrassing email when their computer's unattended. This guy's like, ah, you got a Ebola. And They was willing to send this person out. As to your point, like to wander around the world potentially having contracted this disease. They say the individual has since been fired. But again, I think you're right there. I think we should be looking at criminal charges names. I think it's, That's life in prison. Yeah. It really does sound like attempted murder. Yeah. And an ongoing investigation says Dr. Jay Charia revealed a pattern.


Go we ha Oh wait, let's go back to the Pope. He's coming out. It's an American pope, you guys. Unbelievable. Wow. Robert Francis Prevost, who's gonna go as Pope Leon the 14th. And here's what CBS news wrote up about him prior to him being selected. Of the 266 Popes who have led the Catholic Church, not one of them has been from the us. While the relative youth of the nation means fewer than 20 of those men served after the US Declaration of Independence, one prominent US bishop has a possible explanation for the lack of an American leader of the world's Catholics. Up until now, Robert Baron, he's been on the show, Bishop of the Diocese of Minnesota was appointed less than a week ago by President Trump to the new White House Commissioner of Religious liberty.


However, today he's at the Vatican, hold on, let's get to the part about this guy. Baron has spent days speaking with the Cardinals, including the 133 electors, tasked with electing the new Pope. He had to be under a certain age in order to vote. Okay. Where does he say this guy he's going through? He's, he's handicapping all of the Americans. Okay, now he gets to Prevost. One American name has popped up repeatedly amid the gossip over leading contenders Cardinal Robert Prevost. He's undoubtedly qualified as the only clear qualifications for the role of pontiff are that they be male and Catholic. But emerging on top with the necessary backing of just over two thirds of the voting cardinal electors will require far more than just eligibility.


Originally from Chicago, Privo is the head of the church's dicastery. For bishops, the powerful position means he oversees this election of new bishops for any cardinal electors who may be turned off by his American nationality. It's not his only one. He's a dual citizen. He's also a citizen of Peru where he served for many years. He's seen overall as a centrist on some key social issues. Leo there, he's going by Leo. Leo the 14th. Well, Privos is seen overall as a centrist on some key social issues. He is viewed as progressive. He has long embraced, marginalized groups. A lot like Francis who champion migrants and the poor. Well, I mean that's kind of what the Catholic church does. But also like Pop Pope Francis, the Illinois native opposes, ordaining women as deacons.


I mean, again, so on that point he's seen as conservative unchurch doctrine. Alright, well that didn't tell us much. That was a lot of work for very little return, but I can't believe it. The pop polio the 14th and he's an American. I how it's never happened before, guys. I mean, here we are with Megan Kelly with a real historic moment for our entire world. Something It's incredible. Something an American pope. And also when Donald Trump is president, we get an American Olympics and American World Cup dominance. I mean, America's just back Global dominance. We're Back. Baby is back. I love it. Well, that's incredible. I can't wait to hear what this means. You know, I don't, I'm not sure about that writeup.


I just read like being propo and promi is kind of right on brand, whether you're a conservative or a progressive pope. I mean that, that's, they all are, you're not gonna get somebody who's anti poor people or migrants. That's just not the Catholic church a Talk shit in the Catholic religion there. Yeah. Like, sorry, that's not how it's gonna go. And you're definitely not gonna find many who want female priests or popes. Yeah. So, okay, we need to learn more to figure out more about who this guy is. Chicago, how about that? Chicago for the w you guys by way of Peru. It's crazy. I mean, I feel more than a little underqualified to handicap how this whole thing has has played out.


But it is exciting. I mean, look, we were all told that there was never gonna be an American pope. Like that was just assumed that this would just never happen. That the Vatican would never allow it. Here we are. I I'm actually really anxious to hear from him. Yeah. We, we were very focused on the ruthless variety program on Pizza Bala. Yeah. Well, 'cause we loved his name. We loved his name. We didn't anticipate the Chicago deep dish would actually come in, you know? Yeah. We were on the wrong pizza. Deep wrong. You're exactly right. It was the wrong pizza. Pizza. That's that's exactly right. If you listen To program today, we had a whole bunch of Super Mario audio that we played during that too. Yeah. It was your East Coast bias, you see?


Yeah, That's right. Well, he went to Villanova. It says, what, where does that play into this? Like, wow. And yeah, I mean that's analysis I'm getting here. Interesting. Okay. That's amazing, huh? Well, I mean, I'm sad that our discussion about the lab attack was, was shortened, but I'm thrilled we have a new pope. This is, this is big news for worldwide Catholics, and as we learn more, we'll get it. We're actually trying to get some, some friends from the Catholic channel to phone in so they can tell us a thing or two about the new Pope. Very important. And when we do, we'll go there. But in the meantime, I'm gonna continue forward with the news, which we're probably better at. Let's face it, the Catholic gym. I'm way better At this. I've got you covered. If you wanna go deep on the Pope.


Okay, let's, let's move on. Okay. I mentioned the top of the show. There was this hearing yesterday, it was like by the Doge subcommittee looking into men who play in women's sports. And look, they've had a lot of these kinds of hearings, but this one stood out because of Brandon Gill Star Rising, absolute Rising, rising Star. Yeah. In the re Republican party. I think he's only 31 years old. He's from Texas. A fun fact. He's married to Dinesh Desouza's daughter, which is so cool. Dinesh and I go way back and he, he should be the only one doing questioning. I mean, it's really at that level. He's so effective. So he gets this guy who isn't such a jerk of USA fencing, Damien Feld, L-E-H-F-E-L-D-T in front of him yesterday, who was one of the witnesses called to testify.


And we, we've been covering the story of this young woman who she walked out re she refused offensive man in her championship. She had to sacrifice the potential of the medal. No one, no one cared. Her name was, I think it was Stephanie Turner. Yeah. Where she got up and she was like, I'm not doing this. It was just this past March, this guy zero empathy for the Stephanie Turners of the world. In fact, he's the reason that she and others like her are having to go through this and sacrifice their medals. He is all in on letting men play in women's sports and very against even parents who raise an objection based on the safety of their daughters. Well, Brandon Gill wasn't having it.


Okay, let's start with, Yeah. So five, You think that parents who don't want their daughters competing against men in women's sports are whiny? No, sir. You don't. Why did you write that on social media? I've got a, a picture here where, where you posted that you were allegedly responding to a parent who didn't want their daughter being, being beaten up by men in sports competitions. You said, I'm not gonna pull her from the sport and write a whiny email announcing my departure. Sir, Mr. Congressman Jack had asked me about that and wanna be crystal clear.


That was an inappropriate message. Does you think that they're cowardly, sir? No, I don't. I don't at all. And in fact, why did you write that on social media? I regret it, sir. I deleted it shortly after posting. And I certainly don't feel that way anymore. And given a lot of the messages that we receive and even conversations that I hadn, do you think that who don't want their daughters competing against men in sports should be compared to the Kku Klux Klan? No, absolutely not. And I that And why did you do that? I said that in the message, sir, why did you do that? That was inappropriate. That that was inappropriate. Yes, sir. Yeah, that you're right. That isn't inappropriate. I'd like to read what you wrote and what you posted on social media, sir. Responding allegedly to a, a lady who had these concerns.


The only wizard that's going to dig you out of the myopic hole you've put yourself and your family in is one of the grand wizard variety inappropriate, sir. And I acknowledge that I said it, and I will commit to never making a message like that again. That that was in response to a, a parent, according to you on social media who had a problem with this. Was this a real email that you were responding to? It was a real email, sir. I did not respond to it and hit Snapchat. This was a real email. Did, did a, did an actual parent write this or did you write this email? It was written by an actual person claiming to be a parent. They were not a member of our Were you that actual person? No, sir. Not you were not that actual person. But you staged this, this whole interaction, the response, sir, was, was not real.


And I, I regret that. Okay. Wow. Oh my lord. Wow. Here's the thing. First off, brand Gale is brilliant, brilliant. He's, he's the class president for the freshman class, but he's not just brilliant and courageous to be willing to take up these fights. He's methodical. Like he always walks these people straight into a ditch Yeah. Before He body slams them. Well, I mean, I got, so I gotta say the Lord has really blessed us in that our enemies are very stupid. You know, like, how is it that you're gonna answer that question and be like, no, I don't believe that. When, you know, you gotta know you're going before the House of Representatives of the United States Congress, like gotta go. They got the details, like they got everything you've ever said.


Yeah. But it speaks to how insane these people are, right. That they, they actually are that egotistical that they can actually think they could lie before the United States House of Representatives. And they're not gonna get called on their shit like that is their whole ideology is just like, these people are just malignant narcissists. Yep. Well, so Dun, it, he, you heard the accusation there, he denied it. Yeah. But what we're being told is that this guy, again, he's denying it sort of, but he wrote the plaintiff email of I'm pulling my daughter and boys shouldn't complain or compete against girls. And you're putting the needs of 1% above the needs of 50%.


It speaks volumes. You're a man defending men's rights signed Dorothy. Right? That he wrote that. Yeah. It's the email version of the LeBron flop, you know? Yeah. It's Like, oh wait, here it is in SAT nine. Okay. This just so that he could write back his like, screw you Dorothy. The only wizard you're gonna be dealing with is the KKK wizard response. Just to make himself look like a tough guy. Here he is confirming that this whole thing was fake SAT nine. Mr. Fel, and I mean this with respect in your capacity as a representative of USA fencing, have you ever impersonated a woman? No, I have not, sir. Not to my knowledge. I asked because I understand you have a history of creating fictitious female personas.


In one instance, you impersonated a woman named Dorothy and wrote an email to yourself, which you didn't publish on social media for all your followers to see along with your response. Do you wanna comment on that? Yeah, I do, sir. Thank you for giving me the opportunity to address that. It was a poor attempted humor. It was unbecoming of me as a leader of this organization. Oh my God. To post that as I did. And quite frankly, moving forward, that's not something that's gonna happen. Again, it's unacceptable. And it's, it's not something that should happen with any human to human interaction, period. I mean, this guy, this guy has spent the last who knows how many years waging a different kind of sword fight and he just got bodied.


Like, like, like let's step back for a second and knowing that all this is gonna come out as you're sitting there at the, at the desk, like you are that committed to letting men play in women's sports. Yeah. Like, like you could just send out a press release and be like, no, we're good women just in women's sports and like sweep it under the rug. But to to, to sit there and put yourself through this entire process is an insane proposition. One of my favorite little parts of those deals is right about when you're gonna get massacred in, in these hearings when you are like, well thank you. Yeah. I appreciate the opportunity, thank you. To discuss the most humiliating things that I've done. I love to get kicked in the groin on national television.


And the fact that it's part's national record forever is great. Let's watch more. So six, Are you okay with cis females being at a disadvantage if their competitor, assuming that you're talking about it's a yes or or no question female, that they've met the requirements set forth in the policy. It why, why did you, on social media for the world to see, you were asked in an, in an anonymous question, which you posted online. Are you okay with cis females being at a disadvantage? You said? Yeah. Yeah. I believe it was Congressman Cloud that, that had asked me about that, sir. And I'm, I'm happy to address it again. That was a one word answer to a more nuanced topic.


And I feel like, my God, if I could take it back and expound a little bit more than what I got there, reclaiming my, Reclaiming my time. Yeah. Here it is. He's got it right here. It it, he posted, send me anonymous messages. And the question is, are you okay with cis females being at a disadvantage? And again, I mean, he probably posted that question to himself again and he responds Yeah. In big letters. Yeah. This, he's fine. He doesn't, the guy doesn't give a shit. And by the way, he wasn't disavowing that position yesterday. He was wiggling on his most smarmy like articulations of it, but he was not disavowing his position that men should be playing against women. I'll give you one more slot. Seven.


I'm just asking you yes or no, do you think men should be allowed in women's locker rooms? I I don't have a personal opinion on you don't have a personal, you have a personal opinion on a lot of things, but not on that. Sure. I mean, it's, it's a locker room is not really an area where people interact. So, so the answer is yes. I don't really have, do you think that men should be allowed to share showers with women in athletic facilities? I I think that showering is a private activity and that it should be private and it should be private. There's oftentimes communal showers. Are you okay with men showering with women? I, I don't have an opinion on that in the context of USAs. We don't. Interesting. That's a, that's an astounding thing to not have an opinion on. I think most normal people have an opinion on that. He's so good.


He Is, he's so good. Like yeah, I love he doesn't, he doesn't let him off the hook. Right? Like and That's what goes Right to Right. He's Not accept like even your lie me accept, not accept. We all know he has an opinion and that he, he's totally fine with it, but he Gil accepts his lie and then exposes how absurd the lie position is. Exactly. He lets him dig his own grave. That's what I love about the way he does this entire interrogation. Totally. He's not gonna let him get an escape hatch and then be like, all right, well we're gonna move on to something else. It's like, no, it's actually super weird. Most normal people have an opinion about communal showers between men and women, you know, And, and you know, I think here's one more is this will not surprise any of you. Watch this last one and then I'll give it to you smug.


So eight. You think inclusivity presumably is a big part of, of the fencing community, is that right? I would say soa we're a very welcoming community and I'm proud of that. Are you welcoming to Trump supporters? Absolutely. Abso then why did you, with your and your Facebook page, the page, right? Imagine being one of 71 million people dumb enough to vote reelection for a treous clown who's permanently banned from Twitter for inciting an an insurrection. You mad maga bro, I acknowledge that. I stated that in my personal capacity, sir. Er as chair, I have to acknowledge that that was from the fencing coach. I have to acknowledge that 77 million people voted for him in reelection.


That wasn't your personal capacity, that was from your capacity as quote the fencing coach online. Yes. That is, that is my blog, sir. That's my publication. And I acknowledge writing that. Okay. Oh, is it, is it any wonder that this poor girl, Stephanie Turner was faced with this situation? Let's run the video of her at this USA fencing event, March of 2025. She handled it very gracefully. She saw that it was a male, can we run the vo? She saw that it was male and she got up and said no. She said, I mean you don't, no disrespect, but you are a male. And I'm not, I'm not going to compete against you here.


She was giving it all up. Look at this, this woman trained countless hours over the course of her life, years and years of practice and dedication and other opportunities missed. And it all came down to this. And she chose not to fence because her opponent was a male, was a male. And this guy Damien Feld, who is the head of USA fencing, is to blame, as are all the board members of USA fencing who are allowing this. All we need is two thirds of them to fire this guy. And we might be able to start anew, but from what I'm gleaning, they all need to be fired too. Anybody would, that would leave this absolute moron in charge of this organization as public as he's been all over social media with these positions.


They, they, they're complicit. They, they share the ideology. That seems very clear. And it took this young active, you know, this young woman, an act of courage, Stephanie Turner, to really turn our attention to what was happening in this, you know, relatively obscure sport. It's very important to those who do it. But it's not like NFL football. We don't focus on fencing that much, but it's just as wrong. And, and, and the thing is that I remember seeing that video and I was so enraged because you saw the guy who was, who was trying to, to, to compete against her, walk over and be like, why aren't you competing? Just this, this is unfair to me because like there was this horrific period of time that we're starting to see the light at the end of the tunnel of where there was this social pressure of you have to bow down to this insanity, don't trust your lying eyes.


It's totally normal that a guy wants to compete with women. And if you don't agree with that, you're a bigot. And then the, the, the, the thing that was at the center of all of this and that Brandon Yale did a great job of exposing and making so clear with that idiot who he was, who was exam, cross-examining, is, it was all about this whole kind of like virtue signaling of putting these posts out there. Even if you're creating the email to yourself to virtue I'm a good person, look at me, I'm with this new movement. I support the thing you know of, like, look how good I am of making himself look like a clown. But do you like, I I'm not even sure it's an ideology anymore. Like if you look at some of those posts and you know, like the one that Brandon Gill was, was pointing out about, are you okay with cis women being at a disadvantage And mental illness?


Yeah. It's just misogyny. I think they Actually just hate women. And I'm curious, Megan, your perspective on this. Like I don't, I'm not even sure it's an ideology anymore. I think they actually just hate women. They're like the OG misogynist. Yeah, I think they actually are just misogynists. Yeah, No, I agree. I agree. Because they're really, they don't care about women's rights at all. They want men to be in a position to hurt them. Like who would back that other than someone who has deep loathing of women. Yeah. And you know, they're not alone. This, this was, oh my god, this is infuriating. The Women's Law Center, which do not, do not be fooled by the name they decide this woman, Fatima Gross or Goss Graves who was there, she is the president of the National Women's Law Center Action Fund and the co-founder of Time's Up, you know, red Flag.


There we go. Right? There we go. Yeah. So sh her foundation bio says she's an attorney who has spent her career fighting to advance the opportunities for women's and women and girls. She issued a blistering statement after Trump's executive order keeping men out of women's sports, which was a thing of beauty. And she goes on as follows, this executive order is another attempt to bully trans people, including children and misuse the government to enforce sexist gender roles, sexist gender roles. What are you saying? It's yeah, biological nonsensical roles. That's what we're talking about. President Trump's actions are cruel, blatant attempts to eviscerate safe, affirming, and equitable schools a right that every student deserves, including transgender youth.


How is this pro woman? You, you are the CEO of the National Women's Law Center and all she gives a damn about is the men pretending to be us. It's incredible. I mean the mental gymnastics, it's, it almost is a mental illness at this point. If they've come to this. It's either that or they, like the fencing guy heard a lot about sword fighting, had a very different connotation to what it was that he was trying to manage there. Which I I don't think he'd be good at that either. Megan. Oh, I love you getting that from mk. Oh my gosh, that might, that just cuts the core. That's just, I hope he hears it. Yeah, I hope he does too. But it, you're, you're right.


I mean this is modern day misogyny. It just is what it is. You know, you don't go back to like the progressive left sort of supportive women or, you know, all the work and the blood, sweat and tears went into Title IX and, and all the people associated with that then now take a leftist position that like, no, it's totally cool if dudes can just, you know, completely crush you in all these various athletic it's nuts. It's, it's a crazy thing. And mean they use these warm words of like, it's safe. Right. And it's affirming Right. And it's equitable. Yeah. So they have coded all of it. Affirming is such an interesting word. Yeah. It's so Dangerous. It's not safe for the girls Gonna die if you don't do what we say. Yeah, yeah. Safe for who? Not that girl Who got the volleyball slammed into her face.


So that moron who I just read from, she gave testimony at this event yesterday and they asked her, somebody asked her about Peyton McNabb, who was also there. The, the girl who when she was 17, suffered brain damage after it was from the State of the Union spike so hard. Yeah, exactly. State of the union. So the, this woman who I just read from Women's Law Center was asked about Peyton McNabb and watched this Was Peyton McNabb safe on September 1st of, of 2022. It sounds like she definitely wasn't Thank you. Happened to her was tragic. I would argue though that the answer is to ensure that people can't spike volleyballs into people's heads. That seems unsafe. Oh my God.


She has no idea what the sport is. What, what is she talking about? I would argue that she should ball, we Should also get rid of basketball in basketball. Yep. I mean that's literally, this woman is an idiot. An idiot. Is it any wonder like Time's Up rejected the claims of Tara Reed against Joe Biden, right? Like you've got people like that running these organizations. It's no one, they're just absolutely stupid partisan hacks. Like this is the woman that they just made a statue of in Times Square. It's literally that woman. Yeah, I'm sorry. But that, that's her like, And that's the thing is like Overweight, They're so Twisted empty, headed full And com and committed to this insane ideology.


They want everything in the world to change to conform to their ideology of like, well maybe they shouldn't have had a volleyball in the volleyball match. I think that's the problem. Yeah. What? It's dangerous. We're just saying maybe men should compete in women's sports. What are you saying that just take the volleyball away. It wouldn't have happened. Like what is wrong with you? In fact, I think sport is barbaric and if you all just sat around with me and looked at seance candles for the rest of the afternoon, I think you'd be perfectly say, yeah, I think This woman would do a lot better. She Listened to it. You know, If she looked at a seance candle, she might do better. I don't know, like there's something wrong with that person Would an idiot. Okay. Sorry, I gotta take a break. We'll be right back. Don't go away.


Let me tell you about Financial Yield Solutions, Inc. Known as FYSI. If you're handling your own books or have a bookkeeper, you risk inaccuracies, missed deductions and blind spots in cash flow. FYI's team of seasoned accounting professionals, corporate and tax attorneys handle every journal entry, bank reconciliation, and month end close with unmatched precision, delivering clear and timely financial reports that keep you in control. They weave advanced tax avoidance strategies into your bookkeeping so you capture every deduction before you file and plug you into their network of industry leaders and referral partners for real world growth opportunities. Set up your free consultation to learn how FYI's experts will transform your books into a growth engine and accelerate your business to the next level. Act now to claim your free $5,000 business assessment available only for a limited time. Visit fyi.com/ Megan, use promo code Megan or call 808 7 7 4,000 today.


Trust in the media is at an all time low. And let's be honest, it's no mystery why we have all seen how stories are twisted, buried, or outright ignored depending on who's in charge or what narrative they want you to believe. But now there's Ground News, an app and website that gathers related articles from around the world in one place highlighting each source's political bias and corporate influence. Ground News created their blind spot feed to expose important stories receiving lopsided coverage and reveal how media narratives shape the conversation. And now you get 40% off the same unlimited access to their website and app through the Vantage plan, which you can use to find the truth. Ground News is independent and supported by subscribers, not corporate interests. Check 'em out at Ground News dot com slash Megan. That's G-R-O-U-N-D news.com/ Megan to take back control of the news you consume.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their intrusive use to limit competition here at home while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


Hi five Casino is the top sweepstakes casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the lucky deal package for 9 99 and claim up to 550 game coins. 33 sweeps coins, one sweep coin daily bonus for four days and 350 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits@highfivecasino.com. No purchase necessary void. Were prohibited by law. Must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


The world has a new Pope. Well, technically the Catholic Church has a new Pope and American, believe it or not, for the first time in history, Cardinal Robert Francis Prevost of Chicago will now be known as Pope Leo the 14th from what we know so far, although American Pope Leo spent most of his life outside of the US including two decades in Peru, there he became a bishop and a naturalized citizen. According to the New York Times, Leo speaks it Italiano and also Spanish, but not English. What it is unclear where he will stand on progressive issues like same-sex couples, transgender Catholics, among other things. In his opening remarks, Pope Leo called for the need to build bridges.


Here to discuss this historic moment is Gus Lloyd. He is a lifelong Catholic and host of Seize the Day on SiriusXM Catholic Channel. Gus, welcome. So what do we know about this new pope? Very little. You know, it's interesting, Megan, because in the, in the big list of Pope, the, the people that had a chance at being Pope, he was near the bottom of the list. And it's very much like bergoglio like Pope Francis in 2013. You know, he was rather unexpected. So this is a very unexpected pick and I think the world is just now learning about Pope Leo the 14. Okay, I am, I am seeing some chatter online. He had a Twitter account as, as a cardinal, you know, prior to this momentous elevation.


And he recently on February 3rd, tweeted something at JD Vance. JD Vance had in Feb in January said something like, look, the, the, the way you're supposed to do life is you love your, your family, your god, your community and then your world, you know your country and then your world lasts sort of, and this this, now Pope tweeted JD Vance is wrong. Jesus doesn't ask us to rank our love for others. He was actually tweeting an article that had that headline, but he adopted it. So I gotta tell you, Gus, this concerns me a little, your thoughts. Well, in what way, what way does it concern you?


Well, that he's adding JD Van like he's taking on JD Vance about something JD said on the order in which you love people and that the, you know, sort of end community would be placed last after one's family and one's God and one's country. Like that's, that's something that you could argue is true even in scripture. And it's certainly true within the Republican party. Yeah, the, well, the Ordo amor. So lemme just say a couple of things. Number one, a a a pope has to be the pope of the whole world. And you know, as Americans especially, we get zeroed in on politics and we think in terms of conservative and progressive, et cetera, et cetera.


So, you know, I think we need to give this time to play out to see. But in general, Megan, I would say that, you know, he's kind of a Pope Francis guy, if you will, probably is not going to be as off the cuff as Pope Francis was. But I think generally speaking, he's probably gonna bring the church in the direction that Pope Francis started. Now what, you know, what that means as far as conservative, progressive, that's anybody's guess right now. But that's probably where we are right now. There's, we're getting more. Okay. John Favreau, who worked for Obama tweets out an American pope who fights with JD Vans on Twitter. I am so in, and they have a repost by this guy of somebody else who posted as Trump and Quele use the oval to advance.


I think the, it's a emoji, the feds elicit deportation of a US resident once upon an un docked Salvadoran himself. Now DC I can't read this. Do you not see the suffering? Is your conscience not disturbed? How can you stay quiet? So this guy seems right in line with Pope Francis from what I'm reading here, Gus very anti Trump v immigration policies and you know, anti-Wall notwithstanding the one around the Vatican, et cetera. Well, I, again, again, you know, I think we're gonna have to wait and see how this all plays out. Being a Pope Francis guy, you know, Pope Francis named him a cardinal in 23.


So he is a Pope Francis guy. And again, Megan, we have to really let this play out and see how all of this is gonna look in due time and, and it will work itself out in due time. Okay, well let's focus on the fact that he's an American and I guess that's a plus. Amazing. It's kind, exciting. Yeah, Very Excited and we'll give him a chance and see what he does as Pope and how he sees church doctrine. Gus Lloyd, thank you. So welcome. Thanks Megan. The fellas are still here. Gus actually knew what he was talking about. He was like citing, you know, church doctrine, but I, me, I remain concerned. Anyone else? I, so I share your concerns.


I did some research and I looked at some of his writing and there's a quote where he says that colonial ideologies have caused us to think in binaries. Yeah, that's concerning in hierarchies, right? And, and and the, the issue is, and and, and I think you talked with Gus about this is, you know, ranking our love or, I mean that's that, I mean that's a way that every family operates. Like my first obligation is to my family. That is a duty that I have. I love everyone, but come on, you have to Rank it in some, but my kids are gonna get the college fund not right, some randos and Libya. But if he's talking about the suffering of El Sal Salvadorian gang members, he's ranking something there.


Because I think about the suffering of Kate Stein's family. I think about the suffering of, of Lake and Riley's family. These are people who are hurt by these policies. So there are a whole lot more people affected than just one group. I'm gonna take a very brave position of not being excommunicated here on the Oh no. Election of a pope. And so I will tip my cap, wish 'em luck and hope all goes well. You just a Catholic school boy. Alright guys, that was the weirdest episode we've ever done together. I appreciate you guys being here for it. It hope so soon. Lots of love guys. Wow. Okay. What a day here on the me Megan Kelly show. We did the Pope, we did the weird lab.


Bleak Casey Means, Joe Biden Incomprehensive. I'm like, there was a lot in today's show, but it was just bizarre. Thanks for bearing with us and we'll do it all over again tomorrow with Link Lauren, who's launching his show as part of the MK Media podcast network. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


It's time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource, wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, rural connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more@spectrumfuture.com.


High five Casino is the top choice for social casino gaming. That's free to play with chances to win and redeem For real cash prizes, free spin rewards, and tons of exclusive games. You can experience more high five moments than ever before. You're gonna wanna high five everyone, the neighbors, the mailman, all your coworkers, of course your friends. Well you get the point. Your high five moment awaits at high five. casino.com. No purchase necessary void. We prohibited by law must be 21 years older terms and conditions apply.