
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Tuesday, April 22nd, 2025, and this is your AM Update. He was a good man, worked hard. He he loved the world. Pope Francis dies at age 88 and now the College of Cardinals will descend upon the Vatican to choose his successor. Now, Fortunately, there have been people at that building who don't like the change the secretary is trying to bring. So they are leaking and they are lying to the mainstream media. The Trump administration stands behind defense Secretary, Pete Hegseth Amids, stories of alleged dysfunction from within the department and IRS whistleblower Gary Shapley days after being elevated to the top job at the IRS demoted from the post.


What's going on there? All that and more. Coming up in just a moment on your AM Update As President Trump is settling into his new administration, one of the top Democrats in Congress aiming to undermine the Trump agenda is Democrat Senator Dick Durbin of Illinois. And


according to our sponsor, the Electronic Payments Coalition, Senator Durbin has a new plan, a government takeover of your credit card. Today, Americans have thousands of choices in credit cards, but they say Senator Durban's plan will result in less competition and less security, which means more risk for your credit and your identity. You can learn more for yourself@guardyourcard.org, and you could consider telling your senators to stop Dick Durban's government takeover of your credit card before it's too late.


The Vatican confirming late Monday that Pope Francis passed away from a stroke and heart failure, the Pope elected by his fellow Cardinals in 2013 following the resignation of Pope Benedict the 16th. He was the first Latin American pope and first of the Jesuit order, which is known for its missionary work. As head of the Catholic Church, Pope Francis worked to modernize the institution, pushing for a more inclusive vision of Catholicism, often facing criticism from the more traditionalist wing he sought to reform the Vatican at times, wading into political issues of the day, emphasizing the fight against climate change, and allowing priests to bless gay couples. Pope Francis, also breaking precedent by appointing women and laypeople to high ranking Vatican roles, most notably naming a nun to the second highest position in Vatican City's government.


He drew the ire of some conservatives by restricting the use of Latin mass, a more traditional version of the mass with the changes Pope Francis aiming to better reflect the global church and expand leadership beyond the priesthood. The pontiff born Jorge Morre Lio in Argentina in 1936 inspired to join the priesthood after recovering from severe illness as a young man and infection resulting in the partial removal of one lung leading to a lifetime of respiratory issues. The Pope spending 38 days in the hospital earlier this year released on March 23rd after complications from an infection leading to double pneumonia. Easter Sunday marking his first extended public appearance.


Since exiting the hospital, the Pope more often relying on a wheelchair addressing crowds from the balcony at St. Peter's Basilica, a clergy member assisting in the reading of the Easter message, Christ is risen. These words capture the whole meaning of our existence. For we were not made for death, but for life. Easter is the celebration of life. God created us for life and wants the human family to rise again. The Pope's remarks calling for peace in various conflict zones ranging from Ukraine and Gaza to Sudan and Myanmar in the hours before his death. The Pope also visiting briefly with Vice President JD Vance and adult convert to Catholicism.


Earlier this year, Pope Francis criticized the Trump administration's mass deportation plans while notably speaking from behind the Vaticans towering 40 foot stone walls. Despite the differences in political policy, president Trump posting on truth, social quote, rest in peace, Pope Francis may God bless him and all who loved him. Then on Monday from the White House, Mr. Trump addressing the Pope's passing, I just signed an executive order putting the flags of our country, all of them, all federal flags and state flags at half-mast in honor of Pope Francis. So he was a good man, worked hard. He he loved the world and it's an honor to do that.


President Trump also announcing Monday afternoon that he and the first lady will attend the Pope's funeral in Rome, the Pope's body expected to be moved into St. Peter's Basilica as early as Wednesday, Pope Francis breaking with tradition again, requesting that his body not be laid on. A typical raised platform used for his predecessors asking instead to lie inside a simple wooden casket with the lid removed a more humble position. The Pont is to be the first Pope in more than a century laid to rest in a place other than the Vatican Crypt instead opting to be buried in Rome's basilica of St. Mary Major about three miles from the Vatican. The process to now choose a successor known as a conclave will begin 15 to 20 days after the Pope's death.


The College of Cardinals, the most senior officials under the Pope convene in the Vatican to begin the highly secretive deliberations. Of the 252 Cardinals 135 are eligible to cast ballots. Only those under the age of 80 may vote. The new Pope must secure a two thirds majority during the voting process. Cardinals are cut off from the outside world. No phones, no internet, no newspapers, much like a sequester. Jury deliberations take place in the Sistine Chapel, which will be swept for listening devices throughout the process. Secret ballots cast up to four times per day until a new Pope is agreed on the process, typically taking several days.


Pope Francis elected on the fifth ballot in just two days of voting. One of the shortest enclaves in history. The longest of the 20th century spanning five days in 1922, electing Pope Pius the 11th. Each day the world's 1.2 billion Catholics will watch the Vatican closely waiting for the only official update, a plume of smoke. The secret ballots are burned twice daily. First after the morning session, then again in the afternoon, black smoke signals. No decision has been reached until finally white smoke rises. Announcing a new pope has been chosen. Within the hour, the new Pope will select his papal name. Then step on the balcony overlooking St. Peter Square, the senior most cardinal will announce to the crowd Haus Pappa Latin for we have a pope coming up.


New reporting alleges widespread dysfunction from within the Pentagon. The Trump administration calls this revenge from disgruntled former employees and IRS whistleblower. Gary Shaley promoted to acting IRS commissioner, but in half a scaramucci then losing the post. What's really going on inside the IRS


One in two adults have high blood pressure and many don't even know it. That's a ticking time bomb. But here's the good news. You have the power to take control naturally with one 20 Life. One 20 Life is a blend of great tasting superfruit juices that can actually help lower your blood pressure naturally. One 20 life is formulated with ingredients that have been shown to support healthy blood pressure levels. It's trusted by hundreds of health professionals and people have seen real measurable results. You can try it yourself risk free with their two week trial. Just go to one 20 life.com and use the code MK to save 15% and get free shipping. You can track your progress with a simple blood pressure monitor. Watch your numbers drop and feel the difference. They're so sure that one 20 life can noticeably lower your blood pressure in two weeks, but they will give you your money back. If you're not satisfied, go to one 20 life.com. That's 1 2 0 life.com and remember to use code MK to save 15% off your order.


Several new reports zeroing in on one of the media's favorite punching bags in the Trump administration. Defense secretary Pete Hegseth On Monday NPR reporting the White House is looking for a new Secretary of Defense press Secretary Caroline Levitt responding on X. The NPR story is total fake news based on one anonymous source who clearly had no idea what they are talking about. NPR, not exactly known for its big Trump exclusives NPRs reporting following a weekend media blitz targeting Secretary Hegseth. Here's C-B-S-M-S-N-B-C and CNN Signal Gate is back and the White House is pushing back against the fallout.


New alarming reports reveal deepening turmoil at the Pentagon under defense secretary Pete Hegseth. This does punctuate a period O of chaos in inside the Pentagon and inside the inner circle of Pete Hegseth, The New York Times publishing a report reading quote, defense secretary Pete Hegseth shared detailed information about forthcoming strikes in Yemen on March 15th in a private signal group chat that included his wife, brother, and personal lawyer. According to four people with knowledge of the chat, the times acknowledges Mr. Seth's brother Phil and lawyer Tim Parla tore, are employed by the Pentagon. The newly reported signal chat is separate from the original Signal gate incident. First reported by the Atlantic in March when reported, Jeffrey Goldberg claimed he was mistakenly added to a group chat discussing war plans against the Houthis Rebel Group in Yemen.


That initial controversy setting off a firestorm in the media and among Democrats both eager to pin the blame on a senior Trump official. President Trump admitted that including a reporter in a secure chat was not ideal, though dismissed it as a teachable moment. A review later determining Mr. Goldberg's number had been inadvertently saved under the wrong contact in National Security Advisor, Mike Waltz's phone, the New York Times reporting that this second signal chat created by Secretary Hegseth was typically used for routine administrative or scheduling information. The times alleging Mr. Hegseth shared sensitive military planning. In that chat around the same time, similar information appeared in the group mistakenly reported on by the Atlantic Chief Pentagon spokesman Sean Parnell releasing a statement reading in part quote another day.


Another old story back from the dead. The Trump hating media continues to be obsessed with destroying anyone committed to President Trump's agenda. There was no classified information in any signal chat, no matter how many ways they try to write the story, the times later defending its reporting pointing out it did not allege the use of classified information in this latest signal. Account only sensitive information. President Trump on Monday standing firmly behind Secretary Hegseth from the White House, Ask the ties how he's doing. Ask the ties how much this function is. There's none. Pete's doing a great job. Everybody's happy with him. We have the highest recruit recruitment numbers I think we've had in 28 years.


No, he's doing a great job. It's just fake news. They just bring up stories. I guess it sounds like disgruntled employees. You know he was put there to get rid of a lot of bad people and that's what he's doing. After record lows. Military recruiting has rebounded. According to the Pentagon, after two years of only pulling in 75% of the soldiers needed, the Army is on pace to hit 115% of its annual recruiting goals. That's the biggest increase in 15 years. The Navy two only hit 88% of its goal last year. It is currently pacing at 105% of its goals. The Air Force as well says recruiting numbers are the best they have been in 15 years.


Over the past week, however, several senior Pentagon officials placed on leave amid an investigation into leaks from within the Pentagon. Politico on Sunday publishing a piece by former Chief Pentagon spokesman John Elliot, who last week reportedly was forced to resign Mr. Elliot writing in a left wing publication, portraying himself as a MAGA supporter, writing quote, even strong backers of the secretary like me must admit, the last month has been a full blown meltdown at the Pentagon and it's becoming a real problem for the administration. End quote, Mr. Elliot predicting Secretary Hegseth will soon be out of a job. The president's eldest son Don Jr.


Reacting to Mr. Elliot's political piece writing on X quote. This guy is not America first. I've been hearing for years that he works his ass off to subvert my father's agenda that ends today. He's officially exiled from our movement. Press Secretary Caroline Levitt, Monday on Fox. This is what happens when the entire Pentagon is working against you and working against the monumental change that you are trying to implement. And unfortunately, there have been people at that building who don't like the change the secretary is trying to bring so they are leaking and they are lying to the mainstream media. We've seen this game played before. The secretary is doing a tremendous job and the president stands strongly behind him.


Secretary Hegseth also directly challenging reporters himself on Monday from the White House. You know what a big surprise that a bunch of a few leakers get fired and suddenly a bunch of hit pieces come out from the same media that pedaled the Russia hopes. And as they pedal those lies, no one ever calls 'em on it. See, this is what the media does. They take anonymous sources from disgruntled former employees and then they try to slash and burn people and ruin their reputations. Not gonna work with me because we're changing the Defense Department. According the Pentagon, back in the hands of war fighters and anonymous smears from disgruntled former employees on old news doesn't matter.


IRS whistleblower, Gary Shapley now out as acting commissioner just four days after taking the job. However, there appears to be no performance issue. Mr. Shapley rising to national prominence in 2023, publicly accusing the DOJ of Slow walking his IRS investigation into Hunter Biden Treasury Secretary Scott Bessant. Instead tapping Deputy Secretary of the Treasury, Michael Kiner, to take the role CNN citing three sources saying Mr. Shapley had the support of Congressional Republicans and of Elon Musk, but had not been approved by Secretary Bessant prior to his appointment by President Trump. Secretary Bessant was out of the country when Shepley's appointment was announced.


According to NBC, Bessant was later granted authority by President Trump to reverse the move after learning. Shapley had been appointed without the secretary's knowledge. Secretary Bess posting on X. Gary Shepley's passion and thoughtfulness for approaching ways by which to create durable and lasting reforms at the IRS is essential to our work. And he remains among my most important senior advisors at the US Treasury as we work together to rethink and reform the IRS end quote, secretary Bessett saying, Mr. Shapley and Joseph Ziegler, the other IRS whistleblower in the Hunter Biden tax probe, will both be placed in senior government roles following the conclusion of their investigation into alleged political interference in the Hunter Biden case, the media reporting on the story as another sign of great division between Elon Musk and other senior White House officials, press Secretary Caroline Levitt downplaying any conflict, releasing a statement, saying quote, it's no secret.


President Trump has put together a team of people who are incredibly passionate about the issues impacting our country. Disagreements are a normal part of any healthy policy process, and ultimately everyone knows they serve at the pleasure of President Trump. President Trump's nominee to permanently head this office, former Missouri Congressman Billy Long remains stalled in the Senate with no hearing yet scheduled. That'll do it for your AM Update. I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Me Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at New East on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly and on all podcast platforms.