
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. It's Monday of the Democratic National Convention Week. And in Chicago, local businesses are boarded up. Activists are handing out abortion medication and protesters are chanting Welcome to Hell Week as they run around dressed as little abortion pills. Those are two different groups of protesters. Yes, the Democratic National Convention is officially underway tonight. President Joe Biden takes to the stage for his, I don't know, this is like his address before they put him on Mount Rushmore.


Amy. I mean, Nancy Pelosi says he's gonna go, he should go up. There should be the fifth. She's not arguing. They should take Teddy Roosevelt down, but they should add Joe Biden. Meanwhile, he and she are not on speaking terms. According to the reporting. Senator Amy Klobuchar assures us that there will be tears of joy. Joy, there'll be crying, there'll be tears of joy Shed for Joe Biden and Hugs all around less than a month after he was unceremoniously ousted in what even Maureen doubted the New York Times called a coup. But activists are not waiting for anyone to take to the stage to show their anger they're already on the streets. It's actually quite interesting 'cause you've got the groups of people who really, really, really don't like Israel.


And in many cases, Jews out there protesting and they're like working with the mayor. We'll, we'll, we'll spew all of our hatred in an organized way with the city microphones and stages. And then you've got this other group that's like F them. We want to be punched in the face by cops so we can go out and show everybody. People need to get hurt in order for us to make a difference. So it's, it's starting. Well, there are these groups on the streets in the faces of Chicago. Cops saying, If you pigs. Nice warning. DNC leaders either go home, If you, If you don't go home. We're gonna bring the war home.


Watch, Bring, go back home. We'll bring the home. Or we'll bring the home. See you Fucking Fuck off. Big Audrey, no broken kid. You lose a fight. You stupid fucking kid. Your face is fucked up, pig. Fuck you dude. You look fucked up, hate you, God, you are safe fucking pathetic. Get a child and I hope you have nightmares about the, the you're fucking loser.


Welcome. Okay, just for the listening audience, that guy getting up in the face of this very calm, restrained cop was obviously a man wearing a cfe, covering his head with breasts, speaking in his man voice, calling the cop a loser, and telling the cop to get a job As, okay, Sweetheart, you might need a moment. You, you might need some time by yourself to do some life reflection. Come, come to grips with where things landed for you. Those moments we just showed you courtesy of Julio Rosa, Setta Blaze, and Tim Pool's team on the scene as well.


Axios is reporting Democratic lawmakers were warned not to book hotel rooms in their own names and not to confront the protesters. Apparently the protesters have been calling the hotels looking for various Democratic lawmakers. So that's nice. I'm sure they're feeling great. 'cause unlike, you know, this, the president, the vice president, they don't travel around with teams of security, the lowly congressmen and women. We took a deeper dive into one of the groups expected at the convention. Not sure if the man with the boobs calling the cop the loser and to get a job is part, you know, trying to figure out which faction of protestors he's with. There's one that's really nasty, and then there's one that's just medium nasty.


In any event, we took a deeper dive into one of the groups expected at the convention, and they question in one of their online pamphlets, why do people in the US have the right to prioritize their own safety? This group shared this scene online today from nearby the DNC. It shows young boys being given bloody shoes by an activist and then throwing them at pictures of Vice President Harris, president Biden, Donald Trump and others. And while the threatening chants are disgusting, so are scenes of marches like this. Young women right down the road dressed up as abortion pills.


I'm sorry, this is so absurd. Oh my God. They're wearing little pills that read myth of pito. They, you can't make it up. They're big white, big white circles for the listening audience. They look like eggs and, And their chin is f the chords f the state. You can't make us procreate. I have a feeling it's not gonna be an issue for you ladies. I, I think you're good. You're, you know, the abstinence program has worked for some over the years. Good luck with that. So is all of this gonna turn off swing state voters, most of whom are pretty normal?


Or is it all just baked in the cake now for Democrats? I mean, there's no one I wanna talk more to about the abortion pill costumes than the guys from real clear politics that when I listen to their show, I think this is something they need to weigh in on their website's a must read destination. And I love their show. They're on SiriusXM, A neighbor to yours truly as well with Bevan is the co-founder and president of RCP Carl. Cannon is Washington Bureau chief and Andrew Walworth is chief Content Officer.


Interest rates have started dropping, so right now is the perfect time to consider American Financing. They are a family owned company that is helping people create meaningful savings every month. Their salary based mortgage consultants look at your full financial picture, all of your debts, and they work with you to create a loan program where they could wipe it all out and in some cases have some cash left over to create emergency savings. American Financing can be a true partner in helping you and your family save money. They never charge any upfront or hidden fees and it costs you absolutely nothing to find out how much you can save. Their average customer is saving over 800 bucks a month. And If, you start today, you may be able to delay two mortgage payments. Call 8 8 8 5 2 8 12 19 8 8 8 5 2 8 12 19 to learn more American Financing dot net slash Kelly.


So who I really wanted to talk to was Andrew, 'cause I know Andrew is gonna have strong thoughts. What, where is your myth of Pri stone costume, Andrew? Well, you know, I tell you, we arrived last night and we were on, we're right off Michigan Avenue and we did see a bunch of protestors and the poli. I will tell you, the police presence outnumbered the protestors about three to one in this one demonstration. And the demonstration seemed fairly contained. But I do think what's interesting about these two competing protest narratives is the, the sort of Planned Parenthood and the, there's gonna be an inflatable IUD that's 18 feet tall, apparently that's all actually in support of Kamala Harris.


And but in contrast, as you pointed out, the the, the anti Israel or pro-Palestinian protests are really sort of against her. So sort of competing narratives. I mean, there are two sort of issues that seem to have galvanized the protests here. One is pro what Kamala Harris is doing and what she represents anti-Trump. And the other one is anti Kamala Harris and obviously anti-Trump as well. I mean, I don't, it'll make for an ING week d who is that supposed to appeal to an 18 foot IUD only makes women round the world shudder. No one wants to even think about that. Meanwhile, down the road, this is one's for you with Bevan down the road at the DNC, they're giving away free abortions, free abortion pills and free vasectomies, my friend.


So don't think all the fun is for the ladies. 'cause If, you men had something you forgot to take care of. You can put an end to it right down the street from where Kamala Harris accepts the nomination on the stage Thursday night. Yeah. We're actually gonna send somebody down there To talk to one of these people that's standing in line to get a vasectomy and just to understand exactly what's going on. They said there's a wait list. Is it gonna be filled For this? Is it gonna be filled? Please? May it let it be filled. No, Phil's gonna be, I think over at the United Center, but we're gonna try and track down just at, I mean, it's fascinating, right? Wouldn't you want to know and hear from one of these people who's standing in line to get a vasectomy at the, at the Democratic National Convention, yes. Sponsored by the way, in conjunction with the Wiener Circle.


I mean, you really can't even make this stuff up. No, No. What? Seriously, Seriously? Yeah, it's a hot tub place. Chicago. It's Chicago. You Can only get first hot dogs, You can only get the vasectomy on Monday. Apparently. That's the only day they're offering. But you can get the morning after pill and the other stuff all throughout the convention. So if you're planning on coming down, that's consistent for your vasectomy. You've gotta come today. That's, That's all very consistent with the Democrats Abortion plan in general all the time. All the time is fine. Yeah, there's no limits whatsoever. Please get the abortion on demand. You can do it street side. You can do it in the privacy of your home. You can, the one thing you can't do is pray outside of an abortion clinic, but you can get the actual abortion.


It's kind of crazy, honestly. Like I, you know what, I was younger, and I've said this on the show, I was liberal, I was democrat, I was a Democrat, and I was raised in a Democrat household. And I look around at this party and these open celebrations of like, whether you're pro-abortion or not pro-abortion. There's no question you're taking a life, the promise of a life and to, to be most charitable to the pro-choice side. How, how do you celebrate that in the street? How do you like, yay, I'm gonna dress up as the little thing that will kill the baby. So fun. Yay. I kill babies. Here I am. That's insane to me, Carl. I look at this, this party, and I think isn't the name of the game at this point, about getting those moderates in the seven swing states.


Well, bill Clinton certainly thought so when he spoke here in 1996 while running for election, and he, he emphasized to the country, to the delegates, the press that he thought abortion should be safe, legal, and rare. That was the term of art. By the time Hillary Clinton ran for President against Rock Obamas in the primaries and If, you said that you'd be booed. So the Democratic party has changed a little bit, and I think it's tied up in the environmental movement, this, this extreme idea that that that the planet is being threatened by global warming and there's this whole movement not to have children at all. And that that's, it's sort of caught up. It's, it's taken on a whole different cast and become more radicalized.


And you know, you Tom, you guys mentioned the vasectomy thing. I mean, it's like a bookmobile that gives, remember those bookmobiles, Megan? We were kids, they go around to neighborhoods and you check out library books. Sure, now you can go get an a vasectomy at a bookmobile here in Chicago. And I, I guess my ma my main concern if I was like, what if a car like ran into the bookmobile while you were having the vasectomy? That wouldn't be good. No Courtesy of Kamala Harris. Literally a ballbuster. I'm concerned because if I'm, if I'm the Democrat party, I'm thinking, yes, I wanna activate my base, but they seem pretty activated just by her elevation, you know, just by the fact that she's replaced the guy who is losing.


So now you've got all of this stuff that we've been discussing and then less known, but also kind of interesting Tom is they're posting all over the internet, their like diversity group sessions that are going on all day over there. There's the Native American caucus, the L-G-B-T-Q caucus, the Black Caucus, the Hispanic Caucus, the Climate Crisis Council, that so on. So that sort of white guys, white dudes for Kamala and white chicks for Kamala, right? Like that was not pretend. They, they remain a segregated party. The blacks don't congregate with the whites, don't congregate with the Hispanics, et cetera.


And they actually, this, this just was tweeted out before we got to air began, they opened at least on paper, with a land acknowledgement, a land acknowledgement. For those of you who don't know what that is, it's where you stand up and you like pay homage to the Native Americans and you express your apologies for stealing their land. I'll read you what this one sounds like. The DNC wishes to acknowledge that we gathered together to state our values on lands that have been stewarded through many centuries by the ancestors and descendants of tribal nations who have been here since time immemorial. We honor the community's native to this continent and recognize that our country was built on indigenous homelands. We also recognize and honor the traditional homelands of the Anishinaabe, also known as the Council of the three fires, the Ojibwe, the Odawa, and the Pot wame nation Top.


Anyone sitting in Wisconsin is going to be like, what? What? Yeah, look, I live up the road in Evanston, which is a very liberal community, just about, yeah, it's the first suburb north of Chicago and they've been doing this for years. And it's, it, you know, the, the, the landing acknowledgement at the beginning of the city council meeting is like 30 minutes long. I mean, it takes forever. They just keep going on and on and on. Look, I think this shows the Democratic party is still very much invested in identity politics and, and you know, for a party that's trying to, you know, bring people together and, and you know, unite folks, which is the goal of winning an election, by the way.


They're doing it by segregating and slicing people into these very, very small dudes. You mentioned, you know, white dudes for Harris and they've got all of these sort of individualized, siloed identity groups and, and they're not sort of coming across as, as very inclusive of everybody. And I think that's a problem. I think to the extent that they continue to speak in those terms in that way, it's, it's gonna not resonate fully and, and as, as broadly as it as it should at this point in a campaign. Well, so you know what this is reminding me of a couple years ago, and I, the, the venue shall remain nameless because they're very nice and I like the people who organized it But. it was a remarkable moment and it kind of encapsulates what we're looking at.


So I went to this one of those, it's not a leftist think tank, it's more like a center, center think tank that tries to get people from the right and the left to come and speak to their group. Every year they asked me to come and speak and I did and I listened to the other speakers. And one of the other speakers was a group of mostly black men who had been interviewed by this, the people putting on the conference in the wake of George Floyd. And they had very strong reactions and it was an interesting bird's eye view into their experience in sort of the six months after Floyd. And one guy was very sort of anti the white savior movement that was emerging. Like, leave us alone. I don't need you. I don't live in a white community.


I don't need your white hope, your white help. You know, where were you when we didn't have air conditioning in our schools and our kids are getting beaten the hell up and you know, because of this, you wanna come in and make yourself feel better by saving me No thanks. And he was a provocative, interesting guy. The next day we go, and you know who the speaker was? Ashley Judd and Ashley Judd got up there and he was sitting right in front of me at the event he was, we were both in the audience. Now this guy's right in front and she starts with a land acknowledgement. It was, It was over the top versus the one I just read you. And, and then she launches into the patriarchy and how awful they are.


And because of the patriarchy, she can't say what she wants on the internet and the pat patriarchy stop this and stop that and blah blah blah. And white people are bad, bad. And this guy turns around to me and forgive me, says, and I quote, what the fuck was that? I'm Like, thing as I watch this is my friend is watching this right now. He is gonna think that as he sees MFA stone pills and a giant IUD vasectomies on demand land acknowledgements and all of the various groups meeting to declare their fey to Kamala. Tom, I'll stick with you on that one.


I don't know if this is the right messaging in a race that according to you guys it still has no clear leader. No front runner is the headline on RCP today. Yeah, I mean we can get into the polls in a minute 'cause there were some polls released over the weekend that show that this race is, is really, really close. But you're right. And it also sort of, you know, some of the sillier parts of it undercut the right, the, the argument that that JD Vance is the one who's weird if you're marching around in a, as an abortion pill down the streets of Chicago or whatever. So yeah, it, again, I'm not sure you're right Megan, it's about activating your base, right? You have to do that, but as you said, people here are are activated and it is gotta be about getting to the middle, speaking to, you know, independent voters and moderates not about, you know, having sort of the, the fringes and extremes of the party sort of running the show here.


That's not what they want. And we'll see whether, you know, it ends up that way or not. Yeah. But okay, so Carl, meanwhile Yeah, go ahead. Go ahead. I was just gonna say, I mean the, the, the, the thing though is the base wasn't activated under Biden. So the fact that she has activated the base is not a, an entirely crazy strategy for them to take. It's just at this point, can she move towards the center or bring in those independent voters? And, when you see things like Friday when she announced her economic plan, it seems like that was not designed to reach out to the middle. And I think the question right now is, can she continue this sort of vibe based campaign, which they keep calling it.


And because every time she comes out with a policy, if it is designed to appeal to the base, it by in it in its essence is not designed to appeal to those middle of the road voters that she's trying to reach out to. So I think that's the challenge she's gonna have over the next couple weeks. And we'll see if this convention where she comes down, is she gonna keep speaking to the base or does she have an idea or two that will reach out to the middle of the road and, you know, maybe it's pro fracking, maybe she comes out and, you know, defends the oil industry. Get, I dunno, Do you think we're gonna get policy, Andrew, We're not gonna get policy, we're gonna get joy and we can't go back.


And I really think that, you know, democracy is strong but also weak. We're gonna like, that's what we're gonna get, right? We're not going to get new policy proposal proposals, especially since she, she tried for the first time on Friday and really got her hand bitten, right? I mean the Washington Post and all these lefties came out and came for her saying that this is, this sounds like communist propaganda, Right? But can, but do you really think she can continue just running on vibes alone? I, I'm not sure about that. Yes, at some point I do. Someone's gonna demand that she, she take a position on something, It ha she'll do it, but She'll do It. Well they post September 18th Carl, or whenever the early voting gets underway in Pennsylvania, Well they kind of ran sort of the vibe thing to its end.


They'd run into a cul-de-sac I, over the weekend they had, what was it, strength through Joy, which it took about, it took the internet about 10 minutes to remember that that was actually a Nazi party slogan. I mean, and you remember when Donald Trump used some word that was once in a Hitler speech and they said he's quoting Hitler now the Democrats were literally quoting Hitler. So I think if I, if I'm on the Democratic party, I say, okay, we've done this vibe thing, we've done the joy, let's start, let's start talking to voters where they are. So Megan, you think it'll happen in September? I it should happen soon though. I if, if they wanna win, I would think, I wanna go back over the Friday announce because it's interesting.


But before we get to that, let's just stick with what's gonna happen tonight because it occurs to me, you're gonna have Joe Biden get up there on a Monday, give his farewell speech. I mean, you know, this is the, This is we promised to the first was nine farewell speeches. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. But this, but this is the moment was promised, right? Like you step down. That's right. We will make a god out of you at this Democrat. I mean, I can only imagine the setup video we're gonna get because they know the speech is not gonna really do it. But Weekend, Megan, have you actually been to Mount Rushmore? Have they already started construction though? I bet they have. Yes. It's gonna take as long as it's taking them to build the crazy horse one because it's like 200 years maybe they'll have his forehead done.


But what's interesting to me is it's going to be basically a fraud. I mean, what's gonna happen tonight is Joe Biden's gonna get up there and say, me, me, me and also Kamala, yay, yay Democrats and Trump is bad. But If, you read the news. What we're getting is this Democrat party is fractured. It is definitely fractured in large part be because of the Israel thing and the protestors, but also because of what was done to Joe Biden. And while, I mean, I've listened to you guys enough to know, we all thought there's no way this guy can continue, you know, in the presidency, nevermind, there's no way he can continue for a second term of the presidency. There's still a lot of lingering resentments over the fact that he was pushed out. That was, there was a news item just this morning about Mike Barnacle who appears on Morning Joe every day running into one of the Obama guys at Wrigley Field in Chicago.


And the, the Obama guy said something to the effect of, thank God we got him out. And Barnacle, who's more of a Biden guy said, who? And the Obama guy said, Joe Biden. And apparently Mike Barnacle told him to F off and went off on him. And this got back to Joe Biden, who apparently laughed with the light and loved the fact that he called him out. There's that, there's the reporting as Nancy Pelosi goes on her book tour about like all the weird revelations she's making about how she read his letter saying he's staying in, but that really didn't sound like him. And she, you know, she really didn't do anything. And yet they're not on speaking terms and whether they're friendship continues, it's really kind of his call.


But she, she dreams so she hopes. So, so there's that. And then you've got this mention in the New York Times by Mike Donald Biden's top guy over the weekend saying, I'm paraphrasing. We really try for ways to make her look good, but we just couldn't do it. We just couldn't do it. Was it Ron Clean Donald's also in there? They're both in there, but those are Biden's top guys. So I don't know. I mean, Andrew, I'll, I guess I'll go with you on that one. What, like, this is a party that's not quite as unified and joyful as it's going to lead us to believe tonight. Yeah, I I I would be surprised tonight though, If, you got much of that vibe.


I think that they will have it organized to the point where Joe Biden will give a, you know, speech from the teleprompter. He's not gonna go off script and it will be reported, especially in the mainstream press as a big success. I mean, one of the stories I'm watching in, in regards to this is the Hunter Biden story. Because I think that you may see over the next, you know, month or so, more and more sort of revelations about Hunter Biden's real relationship because he, his corruption now that they've Is that what you mean? Yeah, now that, now yeah, now that they've thrown Biden out, you know, off, off the bus, there's, there's less and less reason to sort of cover that up.


And I think you'll, that might be something that, that the Bidens are hyper aware of right now because they do, I think, wanna make sure that he gets a a pardon before Biden leaves office. I mean, he's still the president that, that's the thing that people are having trouble with. I mean Joe Biden still until what January is, is the president of the United States. So he still has a role to pl to play in all this and, and people have to be aware of that. So I think, you know, it'll be interesting tonight though, but I I do think that it'll be a pretty disciplined first night at least. Well I think they'll be disciplined throughout. I mean the, the Democrats are pretty disciplined. I mean, I think, and and unlike the Republican party, which revolves right now around one man, the Democrats have all stars for their people.


I mean their, their voters love Michelle Obama, right? And she's coming out tomorrow night, they still love Barack Obama and he's coming out Wednesday night and they still love Bill Clinton and he's coming out tomorrow night. I mean, it's actually kind of an, if I were Michelle Obama, I said, I would say I'm not going on the same night as Bill Clinton. I'm not, no. I put put me on another night, put me on Monday, fine with, I'll be Monday, Michelle. But I do think Carl, 'cause people are wondering whether there's still opportunity for a bump for her or whether she already got her bump, you know, it's built into what happened over the past month. I think she could still get a little bump with that cast of all stars within the dem party Gin up enthusiasm on their side.


I agree with you completely. And I, and I think the reason for that is that is what you said earlier, Megan, there are still, there's still lingering doubt even among the rank and file, you know, for people. There's still affection for Joe Biden in places. And I think if they can, if they can paper over that, although, you know, and, and everybody sticks to their knitting and everybody does what they think, I think she will, there's no reason to think she wouldn't get a slight bump coming outta here, but she mainly got the convention bump before the convention. But as I hear you talk about it, Megan, wouldn't it be a hell of a much more interesting and fun story in a great convention if Biden got up there and threw away a speech and said, you know what? They want me to resign. I don't think I, I think maybe I, you know, you're my delegates.


I I think I still wanna run Now that would be a great story story That this is malarkey, Right? Wouldn't that be awesome? It happened driving new cycle. It happened here in Chicago in the convention. That's true. That nominated James a Garfield, Garfield got up and said he was supposed to be p speaking for Senator Sherman. He says, so who do we want? You expect him to say Sherman, some wise guy yells we want Garfield and it stampeded the convention. Maybe Biden should do that. He should say, who do you want? And plant some shill out there, hunter. We want Biden anyway be a better story. Yes it would. Unfortunately this whole process too is pretend because she's already secured the nomination.


They did it via digital vote right? A couple of weeks ago. So this is all kind of just pretend it's like when the couple raining on My parade, Megan gets eloped. They elope, sorry, they elope, but they don't tell the parents. Then they have a big wedding ceremony where only the parents don't know that they're already married. That actually happened with my two friends back at Fox News. So I wanna get back to convention week, but can we spend a minute on those polls, Tom, because this is the headline, no front runner in swing states before Democratic Convention. And everyone, I say this all the time, not just 'cause you guys are on, I've been saying it for over 15 years. Go to realclearpolitics.com every morning to start your day. Just click on all the editorials, just read, they put a post 'em from the left and from the right. So no one gets to corrupt your brain.


You get to take in what both sides are saying, make up your own mind. It's really kind of the only way to consume news in today's day and age. So you've posted this by Jonathan Dragger and he's citing that New York Times Sienna poll that we talked about least la late last week. But also there's a Rasmuson poll that's dropped and you're going through all of the swing states here from Arizona and Michigan and Pennsylvania and Georgia, all of them. And the Nevada, the conclusion is no clear favorite has emerged. Trump was up, Trump is up 0.2 points in the real clear politics average of the top seven battleground states. He led by 4.3 before Biden dropped out.


So it's a fall for him. However, he is still slightly in the lead. And If, you look back at where Trump was at this point in 16, he was down I think six points and he won that election. He was also down in 2020 at this point and he lost that election. So from all that we glean what with Bevan? Well this race is looking a lot like 2016 to me. I mean he had, you're right. So when Joe Biden exited the race in the national polls, he was down 3.1% on our regular politics average. He was, he Biden was down. Now Kamala Harris is up 1.4%. So it's been about a four and a half point swing in her favor. Same thing with the battleground states.


Trump was leading by 4.3, now he's leading by 0.1. So he's had about, about the same, maybe a little bit less of a fall. Remember 2016, Hillary Clinton won the, the popular vote by about two, two and a half points, but lost the electoral college. And you know, in, in very close fashion in Pennsylvania and whatnot, of these seven battleground states, the largest lead is Kamala Harris has a two point lead in Michigan. Every other battleground state now is at one point or less, a couple of 'em are at, you know, 0.1 or 0.2. So it's incredibly, incredibly close and, and you know, I expected to stay that way. I agree with you and Carl that she'll probably get a little bit of a bump out of this convention, but then the race will revert to sort of the stasis, which I think is again, her leading in the national polls.


But these, these battleground states being incredibly close. And and that also leads me to believe that I, I think this debate, should it happen on the 18th of September on a BC news is going to be crucially important for these campaigns. Absolutely Crucial. Wait, is it, I thought it was September 10th. Am I, am I I'm sorry. It's like they've been all over the board. I probably got the date wrong. Yeah, yeah, that's right. It is September and they announced it's in Philadelphia. Yeah, it's gonna be incredibly important. It could be that, you know, typically debates don't matter, but in racist close with this much on the line, I think it might, It's, it's so like all over the board. And I'll tell you, my husband Doug, with respect to real clear politics, he likes to go to the betting odds every day.


Hmm. And he's not a huge Kamala Harris fan and he was getting really worried because she was up by a lot in those betting odds. And now Trump is back up. He was watching it get tighter and tighter and how Trump is retaking the lead in the wake of her economic proposals on Friday. And it does make me wonder whether people are paying attention. I don't normally, my instincts as like just a commentator, not an economist, not a political operative are when a politician gets up and offers a bunch of free stuff, her numbers should go up. The Americans like free stuff, especially Democrats. That's why a lot of them are Democrats.


They think that the rich get all the breaks and that the Democrat party's gonna look out for them. You know, the middle class people who get screwed. So you tell me I'm getting free stuff like just 'cause I had some kids or because I have never owned a home or because I'm paying a lot of the growth. I say, yes, I'm voting for you, that's gonna help my wallet. That doesn't seem to be what is happening. At least not to put too much weight on the betting poles, Tom, but the betting poles are swinging back the other way. And when people have to put money on this, they think he's gonna do it. Yeah, I mean, and, and those are very reactive to events, right? They, they tend to swing sort of in one direction or another. So, you know, something could happen tomorrow and Kamala Harris could be back ahead.


It depends on the betting market that you're looking at as well. But listen, I I agree with you. I mean, the economy and inflation is still the number one issue in this election by far. Immigrations maybe, you know, in second or third, depending on which poll you look at. Trump still has advantages. Even these, the Washington Post poll and the CVS news poll that came out over the weekend that had Kamala Harris up four and three points respectively, Trump had an advantage on those issues. The problem for him, as it's always been, is the personality stuff, right? Yeah. He's not seen as, as being, as that's the problem as likable Yeah. Or as honest and trustworthy or, you know, on those sort of intangible metrics. And it's because he goes off script and, and, you know, talks about her looks or her identity or, or whatever.


He's got an advantage on the issues in this race. And so if he can stick to that, I think he'll, he'll end up doing better. But right now it's, it is very, very close. So we've talked about the economic remarks a little, but here's just a little more for the audience. I'm sure you've heard what she announced last week. We were off on Friday, so didn't, did not cover it. But she's proposing, as I said, $25,000 for first time home buyers to help them with a down payment on a house. She's proposing some sort of federal price controls, though apparently this is what she was expected to propose in the actual remarks as or rated, didn't necessarily sound quite that extreme to those who expected actual price controls being proposed.


We'll see, we have no idea because she doesn't write anything down. There's nothing on her website and so on. And she's proposing a child tax credit of $6,000 for a child in their first year. JD Vance had proposed 5,000. So there's a suggestion by some, this is yet another attempt to copy a Trump Vance proposal that might have more populist appeal. But here she is outlining a bit of that on, well late last week sought three Costs are still too high. And on a deeper level for too many people, no matter how much they work, it feels so hard to just be able to get ahead together. We will build what I call an opportunity economy.


A lot, a loaf of bread cost 50% more today than it did before. The pandemic ground beef is up almost 50%. Many of the big food companies are seeing their highest profits in two decades. So believe me, as president, I will go after the bad actors and I will work to pass the first ever federal ban on PR price gauging on food.


Lot of, I like, I didn't see anything, almost anything saying this is a good idea. I'll just give you a flavor. But this is a, a columnist for the Washington Post. Katherine Ramble who got, she got a lot of blowback. I went to her ex speed, my gosh, her side is like, oh good you, she's been trying to soften it ever since. But this is what, this is how she reacted to it after Harris said it on Friday, top five. We've seen this kind of thing, tried in lots of other countries before Venezuela, Argentina, the Soviet Union, et cetera. It leads to shortages, it leads to black markets, you know, plenty of uncertainty, you know, the devil's in the, in the details I guess for that bill.


But it's really hard for me to imagine any form of legislation that preserves the spirit of what she's proposing that would not be, you know, at best do nothing at worst cause a lot of harm. Forgive me, that was her before the speech. And one more guys, David Friedberg, who's more left-leaning one in the all-in podcast. He analyzes markets including food, agriculture, and reacted as follows. There is nowhere in the AgriFood supply chain that we are seeing fundamentally price gouging or profit taking happening. What has happened is the cost of labor, the cost of moving stuff around, the cost of fuel, the cost of electricity, the cost of goods has all risen with inflation because of the increase in the money supply and federal spending and the stimulus associated with the Federal Reserve buying assets onto their balance sheet.


Yes, this is a mistake. It is a problem. It is anti-American. It is anti-free market. It is anti-innovation, it's anti productivity and ultimately it's antilier and I cannot stand it. Hmm. So how do you think that played politically? Because I personally was surprised you got so much blow back. Well, I'll, I'll tell, I'll tell you what I thought. I, I thought that the details were less important than the direction that everything she was saying was directionally pointed towards the left. Everything was, was directionally pointed towards causing more inflation. And I think the American people understand that If, you If you give first time home buyers $25,000 to buy the house.


That immediately will raise the price that house by $25,000. That's the way subsidies work. And I think the American people are pretty sophisticated about this at this point. They hear wage and price controls. They know what that means. We've tried them here. I mean that's, that was Nixon's policy as well. So it's, it's not totally foreign. I mean we've, we've seen it fail here at home as well as in the countries that people talk about, the Soviet Union, Venezuela, places like that. So I think, I wasn't surprised that there was this much blowback, I was surprised that she went that far left out of the box. And I thought that you, you know, Katherine Ramp Powell, who you, who you quoted there is, is, is a not not a right wing writer at all.


And so she did get a lot of blowback from the people that were sort of central left. And that might surprise them. And we'll see, I think now whether she tries to walk it back a little further because it's unpopular or whether she doubles down on it because she, She was not alone. You know, she's, yeah, she's out there, but she's not by herself. And here's the other thing, the 25,000 for first time home buyers, my understanding is she went further than a proposal Biden had had, which would have excluded people who had owned a home but are now renting. Like my mom, you know, my, my mom is technically a renter now, but she's owned a home her whole life. But under I think Kamala Harris's plan, she'd be treated as a first time home buyer and she'd get 25 grand.


Which right now my mom's probably listening to saying, I'll do it. I'll vote Democrat, I'll die, man. My mom is a Democrat. She, She's a more blue dog Democrat. I'd say in any event, here's Kevin O'Leary of Shark Tank fame and real estate is his business. He's been on the show many times reacting to that piece of it. There are bad ideas, bad bad ideas, and really bad ideas. And that falls into this category. When you give $25,000 to anybody in a constrained market, you cause inflation. So if there's three houses for sale on the street and everybody bidding on it gets another 25,000. All of that attributes to the seller.


And you cause the price of the house to go up. 'cause there's no supply. Everybody knows in real estate, that's what I do for a living, that it's not cons controlled by a federal mandate. Housing is state by state. She can do nothing to solve that problem. You know, Carl, that makes sense, right? Like everybody gets 25 grand and what happens, the, the price of homes goes up just like the college tuition, right? It's like if the government starts increasing the amount we can borrow from the government, guess what happens? Tuition goes up. Well, you've noticed that she did not, when she talks about price gouging this general thing, like it's the food growers, the grocery industry, by the way, their profit margin is between one and 1.2% year after year.


She didn't go after colleges at these elite universities. They, they inflation's gone up, you know, two or 300% in the last generation. She, you notice she didn't mention them. But I think there's something other than the economic illiteracy about this that that didn't, that didn't help her, that didn't help the Democrats. And it's this, they, they, they've been trying out these different themes in this, you know, vibe and meme based candidacy. And one of 'em is, we're the freedom party. Well, the freedom party then doesn't do, you know, like Soviet style, maybe that's too harsh But, it doesn't do command and control economy thing. It, it was at odds with what they've been saying. And I think discerning voters, and that's the kind of people they ought to be thinking about right now as discerning voters in swing states think, okay, if maybe it's just all, you know, maybe it's just all spin, maybe it's just all pandering, maybe none of it's sincere.


I I think it also undercut their message in a, in a kind of basic way. I thought, Hmm. There's one other, yeah, go ahead. There's one other aspect of this, this housing thing, which I think people should also take into account. And it's, economists call it moral hazard But. It's the idea that when you mess with incentives, you sometimes you're trying to encourage behavior, which we all like, we, I, you know, I personally think it's great for people to buy houses. It'd be great if there was more home ownership. But If, you sell houses to people who can't, aren't, aren't qualified by sort of market levels to buy those houses and pay those mortgages. They end up foreclosing on the house. And this has happened before in American history.


We tried it, you know, just for the SNL crisis, if people remember it, you, you cannot artificially create a market without, you can't artificially mess with market without expecting some sort of blowback. And it's not a good, you know, the market discipline is an important thing. If, you can't afford a house. You shouldn't be buying a house. You should wait until you, we already Live that nightmare. Afford A house. Right, exactly. So I think that that's another aspect of this that people are aware of. Then you just, you, you know, this isn't the Wizard of Oz. You can't just wave your magic wand and, and create, you know, an a different type of housing market. It, it doesn't work that way.


Economy, the, the, the economy will always sort of adjust and, you know, bad decisions get punished and we're encouraging bad decisions. It feels so dishonest, right? It's like we all know how we got to this inflationary cycle and the huge, the biggest driver was the spending that the Biden administration did and the behavior of the Fed at the beginning of his term, right? And instead of just acknowledging that and saying we're gonna steady it, it's starting to steady. She just says, look at the bad evil corporations. They're terrible. They're the ones who did it. Even though, as you point out correctly, Carl, the, the margin of, you know, profit for these grocers is, you know, like 1%. These are not price gougers, unlike the colleges, they are not price gougers.


She, she won't deal with the consequences of her own party's decision making, her administration's decision making. And this, this is another real quandary for her because she's trying to pretend like she's from the outside running to get on the inside, whereas she's second in command in the administration that's given us those problems. Which is why Trump put out this ad about two seconds after she stopped speaking, sought four A lot, a loaf of bread cost 50% more today than it did before. The pandemic ground beef is up almost 50%.


Yes, I'm Donald Trump and I approve this message, Tom. Pretty Good Tom. That's, that's good work by the Campaign for sure. By the Trump campaign. But listen, I mean, you, you make the fundamental point, Megan, which is, you can't, she's the quasi incumbent, right? Her, she's been part of the administration, the incumbent administration for three and a half years. And so for her to come out and say on day one, I'm gonna focus on, you know, have a laser focus on reducing prices, just absolutely begs the question, what have you been doing for three and a half, four years? Right? And for her to try and say, well, you know, we're never going back well to, to where, where we've been.


I mean, it, there are a lot of contradictions in, in her, in her campaign and her messaging. And she really does have to try and thread this needle and portray herself as, you know, an outsider even though she's been the insider. And the other thing too is that, you know, unlike in the past, Donald Trump is a known quantity and it's not, we don't have to speculate about what, what he will do or what an economy under him might look like. We've seen it and you know, the polling shows that most people are look back on that time pretty favorably. And so I think that's the other issue that's complicating things for Kamala Harris, The national debt, I think is 35 trillion right now.


35 trillion with a T. So some people, 'cause we used to do this in America, started to say, how are we gonna pay for all that? Where are we gonna get the money for all of that? It used to be a question we asked, then we were told that this monetary policy allowed us to just spend as much as we wanted. We didn't have to worry about the consequences. Yay. Well, turned out not to be true. People always wondered whether it would be true or not. It wasn't, was not. And so an intrepid reporter tracked her down over the weekend and asked that bold question, how, how are you gonna pay for it? And it's amazing how she answers, I'll let her words speak for themselves here in SOD 11.


I mean, you just look at it in terms of what we are talking about, for example, around children and the child tax credit and extending the EITC that it's at $6,000 for the first year of the child's life. The return on that investment in terms of what that will do and what it will pay for will be tremendous. We've seen it, when we did it the first year of our administration reduced, we reduced child poverty by over 50%. So that's a lot of the work. And then what we're doing in terms of the tax credits, we know that there's a great return on that investment when we increase home ownership in America. What that means in terms of increasing the tax base, not to mention property tax base. What that does to fund schools, again, return on investment.


I think it's a mistake for any person who talks about public policy to not critically evaluate how you measure the return on investment when you're strengthening neighborhoods, strengthening communities, and in particular the economy of those communities and investing in a broad-based economy. Everybody benefits and it pays for itself. Okay? This is every time she talks about a plan or tell when we're gonna get a plan or when she's gonna speak to the media. This is the clip I think of you guys. This, you guys saw the movie Meet the parents, you know, Robert De Niro, Ben Stiller, Robert Deniros, this undercover CIA agent pretending that he's a florist and Ben Stiller doesn't know that.


And he shows up and gives him this potted plant of just dirt. And he says, well here, watch, we pulled it. Look At this. It's a flower pot. The dirt in it. Hmm. Actually the real gift is what's planted in the soil. The bulb of a Jerusalem tulip, which I was told is one of the rarest and most beautiful flowers in existence. Oh, right, right. The, the, the Jerusalem from the Jerusalem to trapezius gen. Yes, yes. Anyway, the guy said, with regular watering, it should bloom in about six months.


So, well, we'll look forward to that, Greg. That's a great clip. That's it. Well, you know, if you're just If you aren't talking about sort of bad economic ideas of it. There is one more, which is the no tax on tips, which is bipartisan, which is been sort of derided by most economists, as well as being something that is just gonna, again, you know, it just, people behave differently when you change the, the tax incentives and you'll, you'll have people, podcasters being paid by tips. At least that's what Oh yeah. I'll be looking for, It'll be the, the first to Figure that out.


That's right. Well, The richest guys are the first to figure out how, you know, some of us are just regular, like paycheck employees, but those Wall Street guys, the real estate guys, they know how to game all these systems. Like they'll, they'll always find a way, but all of her, her plans are like, eventually you'll see them. Eventually I'll speak with someone in the media. Eventually we'll see a return on investment that we make in the child tax credit, like when the kid grows up. I will look forward to that. Greg, you guys, it's been a pleasure. Look forward to hearing your reports all this week from Chicago. Thanks Megan. Thank you, Megan. It's always a pleasure.


You didn't vote for this economic downturn and the high inflation, but you could pay for it at the pump, at the grocery store, and with growing stacks of unpaid bills, financial stress can be crushing and one solution could be Done with Debt dot com. Done with Debt created new aggressive strategies designed to get you outta debt permanently Without the dreaded bankruptcy or new loans, Done with Debt can stand between you and your bill collectors. They will negotiate with your creditors to write off balances, cut interest, and stop penalties. And the best news is Done with Debt is accepting new clients right now, but you should hurry because some of their debt strategies are time sensitive and you don't wanna miss out. Let Done with Debt hit the debt reset button for you and make your money yours again. Visit Done with Debt dot com or call 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54 right now. 1 8 8 8 3 2 2 10 54. Chat with one of their debt relief strategists for free. Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


All I can think about is, you know, every year at Christmas we go skiing out in Montana and every year I do like a costume party just for the family. We call it costume night. We go over the top, I think I showed you this year we did, we did the 10 commandments. Doug was the best. Moses, and I think we're gonna go as a various forms of abortion this year. That's Nothing says family celebration like MIRIs Stone. I don't know the, the terrible disgusting scissors that they use. This is such, this is sick. This is how they're choosing to celebrate their party. This is how I kill the baby. Well this is how I do it. Yay.


So fun. Let's go to Wrigley Field. I Okay. Yeah. We have come a long way since safe, legal and rare. It is day one of the Democratic National Convention underway in Chicago now. But as important as what happens inside the arena is, it's fascinating to watch what's happening outside. Chicago, of course, has a history of protests and violence and particular when it comes to conventions. And my next guest is an expert on the city. He's a legend in Chicago. His name and you know him well here on the MK show is John Kass, KASS. He spent over 35 years as a prominent columnist at the Chicago Tribune before departing in 2021.


He is now independent and the founder of John Kass news.com always worth reading. So thoughtful and host of the Chicago Way podcast. John, welcome back to the show. Great to have you Megan. Great to be with you. And I don't, I hope I, I don't want to see any pictures of the costumes though. I wanna stay away from that. There, there, these are crazy People. I'll ask, I'll ask, I'll ask the Virgin Mary up on my right hand. You know what she thinks of it? I don't think she would think too much of it, but this is the new Democratic Party. This is not Bill Clinton's Democratic Party. This is the progressive Democratic party and they're up in arms to try.


What do they wanna do? Chase Jews hate on Jews. I mean, I don't, I don't get it, but that's what they're doing. So it might, it must help 'em. Yeah, I think that is their plan. They've said that they, they want to engage with the cops enough that they will get bruised up and that that can be their back to school clothing, their bruises that they entice or entrap the Chicago PD into giving them, this is a cause to be ele celebrated. Saying why shouldn't there be violence? When I was a kid, I cheered in Chicago in 68, you know, getting my, my crew cuts like with my, you know, brush cuts from Stanley, the barber on the southwest side in Gage Park.


We cheered the police officers at the time. We cheered the cops giving, as my friend Pat Hickey says, the wood shampoo to the protestors. And I don't want to see anybody getting a wood shampoo today, but you know, I don't know what they expect Chicago to do. Maybe dominate the entire, they dominates the whole, they Want, they want the wood. Yeah, they already shampoo. That's the whole point. This name of this group is called Behind Enemy Lines. And they are saying openly, who says protesting should be safe All right. Hold on a second. I'll read. Right.


We've insisted from the beginning of this campaign that sight and sound is not enough, that this convention must be shut down and refuse to engage with careerists and opportunists. We've gotta shut down the sheet, the streets to actually shut down genocide, Joe and Killer Kamala. Why do people in the US have the right to prioritize their own safety? How is any protest gonna be successful if it doesn't challenge and disrupt business as usual to actually disturb the normal functioning of a society that is aiding and abetting a genocide? And why should any of that be safe? They say if people prioritize their own safety over the people of the world, then the protest will be a victory for Killer Kamala.


It's that simple. Our responsibility to the people of the world is to actually confront this convention. And yes, take risks to do so. Escalate for Gaza. shut down the DNC. And you know what your mayor did? Not for this particular group, but for the other protesters, like an offshoot of them that's a little bit more normal, right? He set 'em all up. He is like, here's your microphone, here's your stage. Have at it. He has no, he is a weakling. This mayor is weak. You know, we've gone progressively weaker mayor after mayor until now. We've got a guy who basically lives on pharmaceuticals and has panic attacks and can't handle, he does the job.


Yeah. He has panic attacks and can't handle the job. And so, I mean, there was a famous story where a few weeks ago, he was chased by Maryanne, a Hearn of the, of NBC five, and he ran through an alley and ran around her and got into a car and ran away. He's the mayor of Chicago. You're, you're afraid of, of, of Maryanne Ahern. I don't think so. But anyway, that's his deal. Look, they, but Now what do you make of this, the security threat there? Because not only do you have these lunatics, and I don't know who's calling the hotels, trying to find out where the Democrats are staying lawmakers, but that they're, they're now being told use aliases to check in.


Then you have them out on the streets saying, we've gotta get violent if we really want, you know, to get noticed. And you've got these Chicago businessmen, smart men boarding up their stores expecting the numbers are as much as according to locals, a possible a hundred thousand influx of protestors trying to break shit up in Chicago. The left has already destroyed the city. They did so with the Black Lives Matter riots that they called what? Mostly peaceful the media called it, mostly peaceful. And it's never recovered since then. And now, what do we have? An outgoing Cook County state's attorney, Kimberly Fox, one of the Soros sisters to Kamala Harris, who doesn't put people in jail.


She won't put repeat offenders, violent offenders in jail. And that's what she's run on because she's run on the idea that law enforcement is racist and she doesn't wanna be a racist. So she caters to the law breakers. Unfortunately, Megan, the people who have their bodies broken and their hearts broken, are black people and Latinos, mostly women. And while the big fat cat donors for, from this event are living in Pritzker appointed royal housing in Lake Geneva and just driving in 90 minutes for the, for the convention, the rest of the people are stuck with it.


I'm sorry for that. The, the governor though, he sounds all johny. I mean, you heard him on CNN, like, yeah, they're gonna get arrested. Here he is. Listen here. So it's a whole different situation. And honestly, I expect that we're gonna have peaceful protests. We're gonna protect the protestors, but also protect all the people visiting 50,000 people coming to Chicago and the residents of Chicago. So I, the plan's been in place for a year and a quarter now already. We're gonna execute on that plan in the next four days. Certainly Most of the protestors, I'm sure intend to be peaceful. But there are some groups that are making it clear they do not want to be peaceful. There's one called behind enemy lines, for example, calling on its supporters to shut down the DNC, urging them to make bruises from Chicago police batons, the 2024 back to school fall fashion.


You guys prepared for that? If There are troublemakers, they're gonna get arrested and they're gonna get convicted. Hmm. Yeah. Beautiful. JB JB is the guy who promoted and and endorsed Co Kim Fox. He endorsed her, the Soro sister, the Do Nothing Prosecutor. Prosecutor Zero. And now what? Now he wants law and order. Come on. That's not, that's not what happens when you stop enforcing the law. An amazing thing happens despite his fantasy that when, you know, to become President Presidential Timber after, after Kamala Harris is done, I guess he'll be happy and he'll run for office.


But the damage has been done to the city of Chicago. And look, they're boarding, as you mentioned, they're boarding up, they're boarding up the building, the, the storefronts downtown. You were at the convention in 1996, the Clinton inauguration, weren't you or the Clinton coordination? No, I was still a, I was, I was still a practicing lawyer then. Actually, wait, what did I say? I was living in Chicago then, but I don't, That's you, I discussed with your staff whether or not you've actually eaten a hot dog. Or did you eat the bun a Chicago hotdog or just spit out The bun? Always, always ate the bun.


The bun. Yeah. If I'm gonna have a hot dog or a hamburger, I'm half the bun. I mean, that's half the, Right. Exactly. So anyway, that's where we are with Pritzker and his fantasies and Kamala Harris and her fantasies and the people of Chicago, you know, the people, the people that are hurt the most by all this Marxist nonsense are the children who don't get educated. Only 17%, mostly black and Latino kids can do math at a grade level. And I think only 30%, or just about 30% can read.


Barely. I mean, what kind of con what kind of city is this? And then we're, we're doing this with a democratic convention here. So we're telling the world, telling the rest of the country, you elect Kamala, you're gonna get the Chicago way in your town everywhere. Right? So she Comes to Chicago, right? A town that used to be absolutely glorious and now is just a shadow of its former self because of Democrat policies that have taken over and been in control for some time. And we're supposed to celebrate her coronation in a city where not far from, where she will take the stage as our next queen.


We had at least this past weekend, 23 shot five fatally the weekend before Atler, at least 33 people shot one fatally, mostly black and brown people. But they don't give a damn. They could not care less because joy, it's truly joyful. If you're rich and you're a connected Democrat. The, the politics of this is that the left, the Soros prosecutors, the Democratic Party, all of them, they ran against law enforcement because they were, they wanted to promote their own people.


But what that meant was they wouldn't, they announced that they would not enforce the law and put repeat offenders in jail, in prison behind bars where they belong. And so when you, what you get after year, after year after year of this kind of thing is chaos and destruction and anarchy. And that's what we have. Now, this is not to say, I'm not to say that Trump is the greatest thing in the world because, you know, he's a human being and no human being is great except for you, Meghan. But, but the thing is the anarchy that they're presenting to the world and the desire from the chica, from the media to ignore what they're seeing and to put a rosy face on it and call it joy and let Tim Waltz have his white man tacos, whatever those are with mayonnaise and white bread, I guess it's offensive, But they're getting away.


Yes. Let me, let me show that to the audience, John. 'cause they may have missed the Waltz Harris interview where they sat down with one another in this long PR piece that they released where he took what opportunity he had to denigrate whites and she laughed right along. 'cause it's fine to rip on white people. You, you won't be called a Karen. You can denigrate whites till the cows come home. Whites can be shot upon no problem by blacks, by whites. It's not an issue. Here they are laughing over their white guy tacos, suggesting whites only eat tacos with meat and cheese, because I guess he's now our official white person spokesman.


Like I have white guy tacos and white. What is that? Like mayonnaise and tuna. What are you doing? Pretty much ground beef and cheese. And that's Okay. Do you put any flavor in It? No. Oh, here's the deal. No, they said to be careful and let her know this, that black pepper is the top of the spice level in Minnesota. You know, I'm the first vice president, I believe, who has ever grown chili peppers. I'll Trying to expand my, we'll, my food knowledge, You know, we've got some cantal, so you'll be fine. Yeah, That's Great. So funny. Oh, that's hilarious. I'm, you know what? I wish that these two morons, before they make any more pronouncements, before they do any more Stalinist price controls and so forth, waltz should get on the l get on the L because the elevator train and Right, yeah.


The elevated train ride up and down at night and see how the people like it because women are victims on the L constantly. I'm a big fan of two of two websites like Victor Davis Hansen, of course, who's a big fan of yours and Love him. CWB Chicago, which actually does, you know, crime reporting. And it's amazing what happens. Women constantly in the headlines, constant pounding, smashed, beaten, and the repeat defenders, the guy's been arrested seven times or 10 times or 15 times and released from a, from, from jail while he's awaiting another case, attacks a woman again and again and again.


It's happening all the time. I ask you, Megan, why these reporters, when they, when they write that crime is down for whatever nonsense, when they say that, do they have editors? Do the editors know? I mean, does somebody know or do, do they just not care? Well, you know, I mean, They just shovel it down the throats of the fools, right? Yeah. John Kass tried to write the truth in the wake of George Floyd and all that nonsense. And that's what ultimately led to his breakup, was the Chicago Tribune. You're not allowed to write the truth. You're, and remember the, the Post George Floyd thing, you weren't even allowed to point out that the riots might not be helping the very communities that were supposed to be, you know, getting the most sympathy.


None of that was allowed. And, but, but like the, the race stuff is so in your face with the Democrats, and of course now, not only are they congregating in like the blacks for Kamala, the Hispanics for Kamala, the LGBTQs, they're, You know, they're deciding of course to dump on the whites. 'cause that that joke, yes, it was a throwaway d dumb joke about tacos. But there's a reason they felt comfortable. They would never do that in a way that would denigrate black people or Hispanic people. And this is kind of silly But. it is interesting. People online actually fact checked, he was lying. He was cosplaying the, you know, dopey white guy there because actually he submitted the winning Turkey taco TT hot dish and one first place at center Al Franken's annual hot dish off back in 2016.


It was his third victory and his hot dish contained green chilies, taco sauce and chili pepper powder all hotter than black, black pepper. The point is simply, what does he do? He shits on fellow white guys because it's so in vogue. It's so, like, it's fine to do that. And you know what, when you do that, governor Walsh, you shit on my boys, you shit on my husband, you shit on my neighbor's little boys. And you tell them right, that they're uncool, they're lame, they're bland, and there will be no one rooting for them in a Harris Walls White House. I've been watching you for years now, and the other day I was listening to Victor Davis Hanson and he was talking about you and what he said was this form, the long form suits you perfectly.


And I have to agree that you get into things that you didn't get into or couldn't on television. And the long form allows you the freedom to explore and question. And I love it. So more power To you. Thank job. I love it too. And it's also, you can drop the occasional four letter word, which, you know, I mean, I don't, yeah, it's very rare For me. I'm not used to it. Yeah, it's still Not used. It's very rare. But every once in a while I'll do it. So what are the odds of seeing like a bill ays appearance at the DNC John? My old favorite domestic terrorist? Well, you know, I think he should be there. I mean, isn't he around?


Yeah, I'm not chasing, I'm not chasing him. I'm sure that, I'm sure that the New York Times may be the stylist of the New York Times who's interested so much in style and, you know, the the verbal style she might do it might hangout. Yeah, I would like to see That would be a cliche of if Maureen Dowd hung out with Bill Ayers, but, you know, cliches in baseball. Well, who are you most looking forward to seeing? I mean, we've got Michelle, we've got Barack, we've got Bill, we've got Joe tonight. Kamala, You've got, you've got Bevan on, or did you have him on already or? Yeah, I did for our, Okay.


So we had a bet that Michelle Obama would be the savior of the Democratic Party and obviously not. So I don't know if I won the bet or he won the bet as a result, but I was hoping for Michelle to see what she's gonna say. But really, really, this convention is just a TV show and losers cover it. I mean, I look at me tie and a jacket. I'm covering it. I'm a Johnny Reporter now, but, you know, I remember covering conventions for years and not liking the TV show aspect, but it's all tv.


It's all TV now. Yeah, it's a, yeah, it's a, it's a TV show. So my, my advice to all them love the Soro sisters because they're gonna be your bosses in the future, in your, in your neighborhoods and have a hot tub. Yeah. Ever you point out, I actually didn't realize, I knew that Kim Fox was the Soros descendant. I didn't realize that Kim Fox calls Kamala Harris her mentor, and that these two are close. I mean, they want us now to believe that Kamala Harris is tough on crime. Ballsy prosecutor. No, she is totally on board with the Soros approach. That's your senior Cracker Jack production staff.


Put that co picture up. That was wonderful. Yes, she is totally. I she loved. And you know what, who else they have, they have in common? Juicy Smoot. Okay. Yeah. They, they both Believed, I don't think I would like to see Juicy have a speaking role at this convention, but I don't think he's gonna get one. He's not suicidal. That's all you need to know. Not suicidal and not really going to jail for any meaningful time because of Kim Fox. John, always a pleasure my friend. Love you and have a great convention. Bye-Bye. Thank you. You can find all of John's work at John Kass, spelled K-A-K-A-S-S news.com.


John Kass news.com. Next up, yes, it's true. The rumors are true in a way Kamala Harris is here and I will interview her. Standby.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


I gotta tell you, I am so sad today because one of the best and most influential broadcasters of all time has died. Phil Donahue. I can't believe it. You know, there's some figures who just seem larger than life to you. And growing up over the past 50 years, Phil Donahue was a fixture in all of our living rooms on our televisions for, you know, my coming of age years. And I gotta say, no one did it better. He ultimately became a friend, but for most of my life, he was just someone I deeply admired and loved to watch his interviews.


Smart, funny, entertaining, provocative, wasn't afraid to go to the place that hurt. Ultimately, Oprah would come along and she would be a lot softer. She would herself be kind of like a soft place to fall for people. Phil could do soft and loving and supportive, but he could also do hard hitting and made the whole genre of talk TV into what it was with the microphone running up and down the aisles, sticking the stick mic in the, you know, face of his audience members, having them weigh in, having them fight, getting all over the guests. It was exciting. We hadn't seen anything quite like it on tv.


I was enjoying, I think I told you guys this story, but I was enjoying one of his interviews. You know how your YouTube just sometimes feeds you stuff you didn't ask for and it, you don't know if it knows you or if it doesn't know you, you click on the thing to find out. Mine apparently knows me because it fed me a Phil Donahue interview of the cast of Steel Magnolias at the time the movie was hitting. So it was right as the movie was coming out. Julia Roberts was still this young sort of ingenue and all the greats were up there. Olympia Duka, Sally Fields, Shirley McLean, Dolly Parton, and I, this is just one a sm a small moment. You could pick 10,000 from Phil Donahue, but just look how good he was.


Look at this fun question he dropped on Shirley McClain. I, I look at Shirley and I think of the kicks, you know, I mean, she is way up there. Best looking legs, best looking body, best looking face in the business, triple threat. She looks like hell in this bitch. They won't do Anything for an award, Phil, They'll never accuse you of vanity. What a wonderful performance you delivered in this film. You are the most cranky, cynical, Look how good he is, right? He set up the fact that she made herself very unattractive in that movie with the compliments and with humor, and then drops the hammer about how she actually appears in this film.


That is talent people. That is talent, keep her softened up, but get her to talk about it. And she did. And she took it in good humor. It's just, I know it's not, you know, van Gogh, it's not Beethoven, but it's talk TV's version of it. He was uniquely talented and of course he really came to fame attacking very serious subject matters too. Donahue managed to open the door to discussing some of the most divisive subjects of our time from abortion back when, you know, it wasn't discussed to sexual abuse, to very heated segments on the state of race relations in America.


If the white power structure in this country is going to be said to have destroyed everything black, then you are indicting black people as well. That's, we were in fact, and we are today engaged in a struggle. We're in fact, and we were today in many ways, and you can see it on the street, engaged in a kind of warfare in which our survival is at stake. But don't tell me we have won no battles in that war. Nobody's telling, none of would be be sitting here at all. Some people, well, I dunno if it's Fair to suggest that there's, that, she's saying there have been no Victor Integrity. Okay, so sometimes he would lose control, but he always kept our interest, his success paved the way for so many others. Obviously Oprah is the biggest.


She actually is on record is saying if it weren't for Phil Donahue, there never would've been an Oprah show. I'm sure that's true. He invented the whole thing. His show ran for 26 years. He won nine daytime Emmys for best talk show host back in 2017. You know how like the, the year, the years at NBC were not so great a year, year, not years year, year plus. But I got to meet Phil Donahue, he and I met prior to my taking the job here, he was coming on the show, and I'll play you a soundbite, but I met him before I actually began work there on the upper West side of Manhattan. And we went out to lunch a couple of times. He was so nice. He was so good to me.


He didn't know me, he didn't have to sit with me. Why would he? He was just a kind guy who was happy to help somebody who was coming up and who was gonna try this new thing. And by the way, I would feel firsthand how this cannot be imitated, right? Some people have this gift and some don't, but couldn't have been nicer about my life, about my family, about my job, all of it. And ultimately he did come on the show and I spoke to him about his legendary career, about his life. You know, he was married to Mar Marlo Thomas, right? His love affair with his second wife is kind of legendary, but he had a first wife with whom he had five children, four boys and a girl, and they were divorced.


And in a typical sort of Phil Donahue moment, when he spoke about that time in his life, he touched our hearts and managed to make us laugh too. You, you were raising your children by yourself for a long part of their, of their childhood. I've read Phil's book. Yeah. That was from the sixth grade on into freshman in high school is when I became a single parent of four sons. And I, I was, I was, I didn't know what to do with them. And I was doing, you know, a show every day, running back and forth over my shoes.


And I certainly learned a lot about what women endure. And I know the Downy goes in the rinse cycle. We did a show, I finally was able to get some help, a woman from Yugoslavia, very sweet, nice woman. And I did a show on drugs and teenagers, and we had bongs and pipes and showed all the paraphernalia.


And I got home from work that day and the woman from Yugoslavia, who was my nanny, said, Mr. Donahue, we have those tings under your boy's bed. Oh, that's sweet, right? He told that story. He, he just, he had a sense of humor always about himself. And I think that's what helped him live so long. His second marriage, as I mentioned to actress Marlo Thomas, lasted for 44 years. They met when she was a guest on his talk show. And they later described the meeting as love at first sight. And boy, it did seem to be, boy, they loved each other when the other one wasn't around.


They talked about each other endlessly. And in glowing terms, that was a real love affair till the day he died, Phil Donahue died at home surrounded by his family, his wife, children, grandchildren, and his beloved golden retriever Charlie. He was 88 years old. And here is to a life well lived. I will miss him. I will miss his body of work and I'm so thankful that we have a record of it so we can enjoy him still. Well, okay, on the subject of laughs and someone who you see on camera bringing them to you free of charge and just to improve your day, I bring in my next guest, and it happens to be someone you know very well.


She goes by vice President Kamala Harris. It was a very tough booking, but we managed to get it. And, and we're gonna, we're gonna go through our friend comedian and Kamala Harris impersonator Esta tiva to get it. She's also, she goes by es Steve Polty online. And we have been cracking up over Esther's impressions on this show for a long time. Let me just set it up like this one. I will be running for president of the United States, and we have states and they're united.


And because think about it, states should be united in all the states now. Well, they have a president to preside over them. Oh, that's good, Esther absolutely nails it. She joins me now. Esther, welcome to the show. Hi Megan. Thank you so much for having me. I crack myself up to see, honestly. Oh, it's, it's so fun to see you as your real self. Like hear you talk the way you normally talk because you know, I've only heard you do her. Yes. Honestly, I mean, I lose brain cells every time.


Sometimes it does get a little difficult. But yeah, no, the real me front and center. So happy to be here. So lovely to meet you. Thank you for having me. Aw, So tell us about yourself. Hi. Are you in any way in comedy? Did you do impressions prior to doing this one? Not at all, honestly. This has all been such a whirlwind for me. I did start a little while ago, so during the pandemic, I was forced to share a space with my husband 24 7 for the first time ever since, you know, from the time that we got married and you know, things just got hectic. Everyone was bored. I downloaded TikTok and from there it just kind of took a life force on its own. I was just doing skits. I, you know, I'm just have a fun personality.


I even patient facing, I work as a nurse. When I was patient facing, you know, I was the funny nurse. I was always mimicking the doctors, just picking up on everything they said. And you know, from doing the Kamala, which was by accident by the way, someone had noticed that, you know, I sound like her. I replied to the comment, made a video, and from there, you know, I just really took a life force on its own. I kept, you know, I stayed consistent with it because Joe wasn't looking good for me, you know, from the time that he came into office. So I looked at him as somebody that, you know what? I think I have something here. I don't think Joe's gonna last four years. And I think, so at some point she's gonna be front and center, and that's when I'll really use this superpower that I've acquired, you know, to bring it home and just show everyone how ridiculous she is because I do see that there is some support for her and I don't understand it.


So, you know, if I have this gift that I've been given, I will continue to ride with it and just, you know, bring levity to the situation. We should have been listening to you as somebody who impersonates her. You were paying attention to the dynamics in a uniquely attentive way. And we should have been talking to you about what you saw, so you were right. And if she wins, you're gonna have a hell of a four years. But, so how did you do it? Like, some people can just do impressions. I, I've noticed this, like my husband's very good at it. He doesn't actually do them for comedy or anything. Just when he is telling a story, if he launches into an impression, I'm always like, you're really good at that. Were you always just that person? Like you, you could hear the cadence and the way somebody speaks, like that's just always been a gift for you.


I definitely think so. I don't have any professional, you know, skill in acting, but I've always, I guess the word would sit would be mimic. I've always been a very, very good mimic. Very, and just listening to her at the first time I heard the impression and tried it. I don't think I had all the cadence down and my voice was still like my voice. But you know, over time you kind of learn to just listen to it and If, you listen closely. You know, she does this tremble, she does this tremble where she's pretending like she's thinking about something really, really, you know, important. And she likes to use her hands and you know, when she's really lost, you know, she just breaks out into laugh, laughter, It's must be so fun for you be, I saw you do one recently where you were like, you, you'd had it and you were like, this is poster, you know, replacement of Joe Biden.


You were like, Kamala, you've gotta get me some new material. Oh my god, three and a half years, you know? Okay. So the mimic is there. I'm listening to the speeches and it's the same thing over and over again. And at this point now, I had a feeding frenzy on my hands. I have all these audiences, all these platforms that, like you were saying, like, give us more, give us more. And I'm like, how? Like, I don't know how else to spin this. I need her help at this point. She needs to say different things, you know? So that's part of the reason why I was like, I need her front and center for more content. Because people Think she, what were the top ones that would jump out, you know, that you were forced to do over and over? Because you've been watching her speeches Unburdening what has been over and over again.


She has said that one, she still says that one. For the longest time I tried to make sense of it. I only recently learned that this is apparently some kind of Marxist, you know, Marxist saying that, she's been saying that she kind of took right out from her dad's civil rights movement that he's been talking to her about. But I don't think she knows that. We don't know what she's saying. Like it doesn't really resonate with anyone. And she tries to drive it in, like it's her headline, right? Like, make America great again. Love 'em or hate 'em. It's a great tagline. You know, it's patriotic. Everyone wants America to be great. But her unburdening, what has been, I don't know, one person that has sat there and given her like some kind of trophy for that. Like, God, you know, isn't she so smart? And look how she speaks eloquently about unburdening, what has been she is the burden that we must unburden.


You know? So at this point it's like, I don't know what she's talking about, but I really sometimes yeah, listening to her and trying to do the stuff verbatim, it hurts, it hurts the brain. And I'm like, we need to, we need to spice things up. But now that we have Tim Wal and her, I call them, you know, Tim Tampon, tampon, I love that. You know, my friend was like, oh, you should call yourself camp on. That's what the Campaign should run. So yeah, I think the people are gonna love that one. Yeah, She's got unburdening, she's got her Venn diagrams. What, how school buses you chosen to capture? Yeah, the way she talks to us, like, we're idiots, right? Like that's, is that one of her main themes? Because that's how I experience her. She reminds me of the, you know, I, I have a five and a 6-year-old.


So when, when I started this, they were really young and she reminded me of, you know, the preschool teachers that were talking to my children because that's how she talks to her audiences. And just looking at her, she's so ingenuine, she's so inauthentic and you can't help but observe her. And from an observer's perspective, just watching her and listening to her for the impression aspect, my cadence kind of absorbed all of that inauthenticity. And I use it to poke fun at her because you can see it. She's so ingenuine and from the fake smile to the nodding, like she's telling people like, yeah, I resonate with you. But then she goes, you know, let me be clear, let me be clear. You know, we all watched the television coverage of just yesterday and that's what we've seen and we haven't seen yet.


And think about all the things that we have yet to still, still see. And you know, just because we didn't see it, it doesn't mean it hasn't happened, just limited to what we've seen. And it's like, listen to that whole statement. That's by the way, verbatim quote from one of the things that she said, God, it's one of my top faves. Because you can't make it make sense no matter how many times you swing it. And just listening to her, it's like, what? And is is that, is that the purpose? Confuse the voter, you know, panders to the Democrats, you know, she adds a little accent in there when she talks to the inner cities. Yes, I saw you in John cast right before this. The pandering has to be a favorite of mine because I'm a New Yorker. I've lived here, you know, 32 years and just listening to how she talks to them.


And I'm like, if I was a, you know, if I was a black voter, I would genuinely be offended, all right? Because she's talking to them like, you know, I, I make a mean pot of collard greens. And she's all of a sudden, like, you know, this cadence appears from her that she, like she's Madea and Tyler Perry's newest movie. And it's like all of us see it, and I've spoken to minorities and we've spoken to each other, and it's like, what do you think?


You think she's being Genucel and they're like, I would slap her if she was in front of me.


That's ridiculous. This is racist. And how she was kind of trying to like act like she got all that flavor in that, in that ridiculous manufactured interview with her and tampon and you know, that's his name by the way, officially. And it's like she's talking to him, she's talking to him about like, oh, you, you, you didn't, you didn't really season it. And he's like, oh no, you know this, this young, I'm a white guy from Minnesota. And it's like, you look at him, he's probably one of the people that encouraged her to do the vasectomies at the DNC today in Chicago, because I don't know what tampon's thinking, but that's not a self-respecting man. I'm sorry. You're allowing that woman to basically prop you up like a little puppet and you're hating on yourself and your own people.


I mean, I don't, I'm not really sure of his history, but if he has children, he should apologize to them because that is not a strong man. Plus he loves, he, he loves cutting off body parts, so I'm sure it is him. He's like, like, yes, I can cut somebody else's penis. Let's do it. Let's get a whole van where they do it. I'm in. It's ridiculous. Yeah. So now I've gotta ask you how you're handling the drunk kam la meme because it, I, I think literally every friend I have sent me a text over the weekend with videos. It's become a thing. People are starting to wonder, you know, drunk or just normal, but there's a lot of videos of her kind of slurry on the internet. So how, how are you incorporating that, if at all? I incorporate it all the time because she's always trying to almost like drive a point in with her hands and she tries to sound like she's gonna say something so magnificent.


But it's actually in the impression she's always kind of slurring. So like today is, today like her voice, it breaks all the time. It trembles And when you add that laugh and her shoulders and she's just outta control and she's the only one in the room laughing. She's either having a great time on something or she's just a joyful warrior as she calls herself. Which again, that's straight outta a communism book by the way. Hitler, Stalin, they all love to use the word joy. So I love to, you know, really underline that in my impressions as well, that she is just a joyful warrior during nothing to be joyful about. So, you know, trembling, huh? Yeah, go Ahead. Go ahead. You go. No, you know, with the trembling and you know, imagine if I was on camera holding a drink and trying to look, you know, for the straw and If, you just listen and close your eyes for a second.


Well it just, it sounds like she's hammered, right? She just having a good time at happy hour and you know, that's the best impression that I do of her. If I'm being quite frank, The facial expressions are so good. The listening audience has gotta go to our YouTube youtube.com/ m Kelly and check out a state here and on her own platform because the facial expressions are so good, what you do with your mouth. So truly you just studied her and that came to you like, I can't even do it. But like you make your mouth go out there that she does do that. Yeah, Yeah. Yes, we can do that. Yes, we can take away your rights.


Oh my god. You know, I can't believe the audience is even asking me that. Of course, we can take away your rights. That's, that's what the Democratic Party is about. That's it. That's what you're gonna get over and over again from her. So, you know, you guys wanna vote for that? Go for it. Yeah. Right on. Have you been enjoying the emergence over the past couple of days of the new, the new phrase? It's not new, but it's new again of the duality. You know, the duality of America, it's both strong and weak And it's just so also fragile, you know, so the duality, right Megan, you know, If, you put up a Venn diagram right here, right?


The duality. It's so fragile and it's so pure, you know? And I'm not really sure I know what I'm talking about. I just know I like the sound of the word duality. Right? It's a great time. Honestly. I've had, I've had a blast at the very least, you know, just had a, it's really, it started as just an impression, just having fun doing her stuff verbatim, but making it my own and using it to really expose her nonsense. I mean that's a superpower that I will take on any day. Do you think you'll get a call from SNL asking you to play her on Saturday Night Live? Absolutely not. You know, they went with Maya Rudolph and I'm very happy for her.


I think Maya Rudolph is incredibly talented. She's so funny. One of my favorite movies is Bridesmaids But. It's a little bit of a vanilla impression. And you know, the fact that they signed her on again and she got an Emmy for this award in the past, I'm sorry for this impression in the past. It's a very vanilla impression. She kind of makes Kamala just seem like nice, relatable, cool, fun and energy. She doesn't insult her in any way in the cadences. It's very sad to me because I think we should be, you know, having fun with it. I love the Donald Trump impressionists. I think it's hysterical to laugh at that man. You know, he's hysterical. He says things, listening to him, you know, when he said, you know, with his stupid face, with his stupid, you know about Biden, like he just says things that's funny.


There's so many people that can do the impression. 'cause he definitely has these mannerisms that are very, very specifically Trump, right? I think anybody can kind of attempt some kind of like, li listen to me, listen to me. You know, some kind of Trump impression. Yeah. But you know, it's very sad that they don't wanna make fun of things the way that they once did. But I think it's a very delicate time and they would never, you know, I don't know who they're afraid of. You know, when I come out and do Kamala, I knock the light out of everything, you know, I'm sorry about that, but it's just the demonic energy, just sometimes it breaks glass windows and it sometimes, you know, goes through the lights. But that's okay. We'll continue. And I love, I love going the back and forth.


But yeah, listen, shout out to Maya Rudolph. I think she's great, but you know, SNL you guys, you guys are leaving money on the table. That's the best thing, the best way that I can put it. They should be having a lot of fun. They wouldn't hire you. They wouldn't 'cause you're openly conservative too. They, they, you're openly conservative, which is a no at NBC. I can speak to that. And SN yeah. SNL. So they, they wouldn't react well to that, but they, they're crazy not to because you're right, like there's such money sitting there right on the floor. If they just pick out this impression, put it on television, everybody will watch it. And they're not interested in something that might actually legit make people laugh. 'cause it's slightly cutting as great comedy should be. Well, yeah, I mean, and the powers that be really obviously don't want her made fun of. It's, that's very clear.


But it also kind of exposes their hand. It's almost like they're trying to show this picture of her of relatable. And again, it's so manufactured that the other side of things should really question this and say, Hey, if you're so proud of her, let her come out and make speeches. Let her come out and, you know, make press conferences. Let someone make fun of her. Let her own it. The fact that she does not want to hiding from the press and they're afraid to even make fun of her. I think that's very telling of today's, you know, know mainstream media feel and thank God there's people like you out there that are not afraid. I agree with John Kass, by the way. You are incredible in long form. And I think that everything happens for a reason. And this is just the way that things have to be.


So if I have to do this, not mainstream media, I'll still get my voice heard because of people like Elon Musk that believe in freedom of speech and people such as yourself that can find levity in the situation no matter what side of the spectrum you're on. Well, you're welcome back here. Anytime. You've been such a joy when I discovered you, I could not get enough. I, I just spent like a day clicking on your videos and I, I've been playing 'em on the show and will continue to. Esther, all the best. Please come back. Thank you. I will. Thank you Megan. Okay, you can follow Esther on x Go to mommy rn, you know, like registered nurse 88. Mommy RN 88. You will not be sorry. She's spectacular. Great for like a daily laugh and who doesn't want that? The DNC kicks off tonight.


We'll be watching and we will cover it all with the fellas from Ruthless Tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.