
Under Biden American's Cost of Living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


Moms deserve our very best, especially on Mother's Day. There's only one place I trust to deliver high quality Mom approved Rose bouquets one 800 flowers.com. This year, 1-800-FLOWERS wants to make sure all the mothers in your life get the best with Double the Roses for free. When you buy one dozen, they'll double your bouquet to two dozen roses. To claim the Double Roses offer. Go to one 800 flowers.com/s xm. That's one 800 flowers.com/s xm, the official florist of Mother's Day.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. We're gonna have Stu gear with us in just a minute, but I wanna start with this. The Met Gala is officially over dead Done once the apex of high fashion culture and A-list celebrity. The gala now looks more like a sad sec D-list past its prime wannabe version of its old self. It's closer to today's Nerd Prom White House correspondence dinner than the center of the Celeb beauty universe as it used to be.


This year's theme was super fine, tailoring black style and homage to black dandyism. What's that you ask? No one has any idea. Prepare yourself however, for a deep dive into leftist, academic gobbly gook nonsensical talk, which is probably how it got chosen as the Met Gala theme. That and their desire to pander to black people. The Met says Black Dandyism came from the intersection of African and European style traditions. Of course, what does that mean? I have no idea, but it seems to be based on a 2009 book written by a woman named Monica Miller called Slaves to Fashion Black Dandyism and the Styling of Black Diasporic Identity.


Okay, so, so far we have Dandyism intersection and diasporic identity. So we're Bating a thousand on the scale of leftist code language that will make liberals sound smarter and feel superior. Ms. Miller's book provides as follows, quote, the black dandy style is from the beginning, always simultaneously personal, cultural representative of the race and about representation, even as it evaluates norms of racialization, class privileges, gender assignments, and the rules of sexuality in ways similar to that of his European dandy brothers. All clear now? No, no one is, the whole point is to lose you and sound smarter than you by saying words that are totally empty and meaningless.


Dandyism for those still lost and looking for meaning is per the New York Times, quote, A style of elevated dress once imposed upon enslaved people, remade by black. S. What is an S? You ask why? It's a person who has or pretends to have a special appreciation of art and beauty like that woman who wrote the book and the people at the Met and the people who write at the New York Times, who must be really familiar with the term Este, A-E-S-T-H-E-T-E, because it sounds like them. In any event, Este who, who make, who remake all of this into a tool of social mobility and self definition.


Does anyone understand any of this any better? No. You are not meant to you dumb asses. You have to go to Harvard to understand what these people are saying, how they speak, and how they code talk. It's all just a dressed up way of saying, by the way, we are pandering to black people because we love black people and that makes us good people. So what did we see last night? Well, it was basically Black Lives Matter at the Met. It was a parade of black Americans leftists in their dandy style, which near, as I configure, appears to mean over the top black and white with weird shapes and vaginas showing that's also apparently part of Dandyism cramming into the Met where the invitation only tickets went for $75,000 a plate.


And that's only for the losers willing to actually pay to rub elbows with stars like Lisa. Who is Lisa, you asked? Yes. I wanted to know too. She's the girl from White Lotus who was dating the security guard. Remember? She, she's top notch, star talent right there. People, Lisa. And how did Lisa interpret Super fine Dandyism? Apparently it meant putting Rosa Parks on her vagina. Yes, yes. This was the height of culture and high couture civil rights icon. Rosa Parks reduced to a vagina cover.


Look at this. Is that part of the diaspora? Is it? I'm asking Anna Wintour for a friend. Maybe somebody we know a little better. A legitimate star could help us out. Let's go to Holly Berry, one of the world's most beautiful women, right? Perhaps she nailed it. Here was her outfit. Let's take a look. Here she is. Okay. If you zoom down to right above the bottom of the screen, what are you seeing there on this dress that has slits in it where you see, like see through and then black stripe and then see through, oh, it's a vagina. It's her vagina. Yeah. Apparently she thought the diaspora meant the labia, which she all but showed Holly Berry.


Let me tell you something, has been in a five year effort to prove to us how sexy she is. Ever since some actress named Lisa Ray McCoy said on a show that she'd heard Halle Berry is bad and boring in bed. Look it up. And honestly, since that date to now, Halle Berry has been doing inappropriate photo shoots and going over the top with her language about her bedroom prowess because she's never been able to let it go, which means it struck a chord. I'm sorry, but if it didn't ring a bell with you, you'd be able to laugh at it and move on. That's part of being a public figure. But she has been meant instead putting up progressively more and more provocative pictures of herself all the way through last night, where she went full side vagina.


You've heard of side boob. This was side pube and it wasn't pretty. I'm sorry. She's not looking her best. This was not the time to go side pube. And I really hope it doesn't become a thing because it, it's not, it's not really the most attractive part. I mean, really, like, if you really wanna get attention down, just go full pube, right? Like do the Kanye Bianca Sensori thing. Like don't phone it in Holly. You really want attention. Let's see it. Put it on display. Don't, don't be such a PRIs. And speaking of not pretty, what the hell happened to Vera Wang? I'm sorry. But she looked like something that you would find inside of a public washer dryer set after a college frat boy did his laundry, then fashions it.


Designer, you can't see it from this far away photo. I, ideally we will zoom in on Vera's face because it's seen better days. And look, she's aging. She's obviously not doing anything to fight the aging. All of that's fine, but you're going to put on a black tie outfit and show up for the diaspora at fashion's. Biggest night, you might consider a little under eye concealer. I'm sorry, that was just, I was gonna say it like you needed it. If you can get away with it and you don't need it, more power to you, Vera. I'm here to tell you you needed it along with some mascara and a little blush and maybe a a, a cameraman who was farther away.


I'm just, it was shocking. And while we're being mean, what were you thinking? Pamela Anderson. I mean, honestly, I know she's leaning into the, I'm no longer a sex kitten and I support her in that. I respect that. But she has leaned in so far. She has imploded into a large ball of makeup list sparkles. And I now miss barbed wire. I, this is not even recognizable. The weird pixie cut with the bangs, the little page boy bangs that are halfway down her forehead, and she's obviously put on some weight. Okay, again, fine. But like the dress was not flattering at all. It covered every inch of her. She looked like half man, half woman in this head to toe cover with no makeup on.


I, I'm sorry. She can do better. She Pamela Anderson in like jeans and a t-shirt is better than that. Colin Kaepernick was there again because it was BLM on a red carpet. Someone named Andre 3000 showed up with a piano on his back, which really did prove that this is really just a costume party and has nothing to do with fashion, which honestly is fine by me. I love costumes, but the advertising is all wrong. I thought it was supposed to be fashion's big as Night, high Couture. It's a fucking piano on his back. How is that inspirational to this year's fashion season? And by the way, I happen to know because I in another life knew Anna Winter, she doesn't like all black.


She likes colorful outfits. She gets upset when ladies and men wear all black. I don't know how she felt about the big black piano on that man's back, but whatever. That's his fashion statement. Whoopi Goldberg never misses the chance to dress like a man. Never. I mean, on the view on the red carpet at the Met Gala, and you could be forgiven for mistaking her for one last night, Madonna two looked short. She looked stocky and she looked manly. She went in all white. I mean, does Dandyism mean cross-dressing? There was something about gender in that long, incomprehensible definition wasn't there.


And these stars think that they're being provocative by wearing tuxedos, by wearing tuxedos. One that was black and one that was white, and the one one that was black and white. And speaking of black and white, no one has done black and white this well since the black and white cookie. And it brings me to Kamala Harris. Did you see Kamala Harris last night? She did remind me of a black and white cookie with her weird little dress that again, much like the Pamela Anderson dress made her look like three times her size. She looked, look at her. She looks enormous. She looks like the before picture for an ozempic ad.


I don't know what, what woman decides to add another one quarter to her size with her dress choice. This is very odd to me. And there's Doug Emh Hoff, and a regular looking tux, which given the other options we saw last night was fine. But in general, these women wearing black and white or black and white in a tuxedo is boring. As were most of the looks boring and done. One of the only ones who dazzled at all was Diana Ross. And yes, as the papers all said today, coming up with the same headline, she reigned supreme and she did. Wow. Everyone, I mean, any of us in an 18 foot train would wow anyone.


Apparently people were pissed 'cause they had to get off the stairs so she could enter. But you know what? Stardom has its privileges. So I kind of support this. She looked awesome. And it's great to see some of our old Motown royalty still around and asserting their proper place in the pecking order. Look, the, the real problem with LA last night's Met Gala. I mean there were, there were ma many, it's just off point. It's too much privilege in the hands of too few people who we cannot stand. I mean, the stars don't have to pay that $75,000 a ticket. That's truly just the loser, wannabe star fuckers who pay that money so they can sit next to Lisa.


They don't even know who that is. Who are you? Well, you have to say it's the girl whose name, the name doesn't even come to mind of like, who, what, what was that character name again? She dated Gaan or whatever his name was. Like, that's, that's how you got to be, you know, like the famous person. That's why you're here. And by the way, it pretty much was the white Lotus Met Ball. There were like black Americans and then the white Lotus people. Here's Lisa in the movie, and then the white Lotus people and like, not for nothing, but Patrick Schwart Schwartzenegger, the, the, the BPO baby of Arnold Schwartzenegger. And Maria Shriver was speaking of Dandy looking a little light in the loafers. I don't, that's fine. There's nothing wrong with that. But I don't, I think he's hetero. And that was not a good look for him because he had cinched that tiny little waist as small as the David Muir waist in the fireman's jacket with the clothes bins in the back.


I miss men. Why does going to the Met Gala? I mean, you have to look like a girl. I, I prefer the Doug Emh look, frankly, I like he looked like a tiny little cinched waist girly girl. Dandy, I mean dandy. I don't what's, I can't get back on on the definition of Dandy, but it does have sort, have sort of a gay connotation. And Patrick Schwartzenegger was leaning in. But the point is, this thing is so over the top with its privilege and its wealth, and its people who are totally fucking outta touch rubbing elbows with one another. It brings a little vomit to one's mouth. And that's why we watch it, to hate watch it. And now this year they added in the extra element of the total fucking pander.


Sorry, that's three fons in the top. 10, 10 minutes. My apologies of the total pander. And we're done with that. Anna. I guess you didn't get the notice. Or maybe she did. And this is just Anna Winter, one of America's richest, meanest bitches trying to declare her part herself as part of the resistance. She's the new face of the resistance, the biggest bully in America with more money and access to power than virtually any other American. Now she's gonna be the new resistance because Trump and the majority that elected him have said, we are done dividing ourselves by race.


We're done leaning into things like the black diaspora. Okay, fashion is fashion, but she's gotta do it because she's gotta remind you that she's a better person than you are. And that of course means she's not. And her behavior proves she's not because only people who are not need to run around trying to prove and lecture the rest of us on how good they are. Okay, so Anna Winter is done. Our days of pandering are done. And so very clearly are the days of the Met Gala. Joining me now, Stu Burguiere, host of Blaze TV's, Stu Does America


forget government debt? Another real crisis is personal debt. After four years of inflation, you might be working harder than ever and still be buried in credit card debt and overdue bills. Consider Done with Debt. Their tough negotiators know how to reduce bills, eliminate interest and erase penalties to end your debt permanently without bankruptcy and without loans. But some of their solutions are time sensitive. So you do need to move quickly. Go to Done with Debt dot com for a free consultation That's Done with Debt dot com.


Stu, welcome back. I'm sure you were riveted to your TV as the red carpet arrivals unfolded, your take on the display of opulence, arrogance and disdain for regular people that we witnessed last night. Well, first I, I must say that despite the fact that I host two national shows a day, this is the reason why your show is my wife's favorite show. That that was absolutely incredible. And I will say my wife's name is Lisa. I will assure you she does not have Rosa Park's underwear.


But I will say even if she did, you wouldn't know it because she wears pants when she goes outside pants. That Secret option number two. Yeah, it's, it's, it's a nice, it's a nice step that I think a lot of people should really consider. I, I love, I mean, first of all, it's just completely a ridiculous event in and of itself. And I think at one point maybe it had some utility at, at this point, you're right, it feels like this outdated sort of tribute band version of the woke era, right? Like there was a time where it seemed like every, everybody went down this road. And all we did was say that the color of the skin was the most important thing. And we have to constantly lead into every single woke word.


And, you know, the, the, the Iram Kendi of the world were thriving. Well, that's over right? All. Didn't we all realize this is over? This is passed. Iram Kendi had to close down his institute at the college. Like do we remember Robin D'Angelo is not getting booked quite as often. The fees, speaking fees are down. I thought we were a little bit past this. And I think, you know, watching it happen, it did feel sort of like a procession for that entire movement. Like this, this pathetic attempt to maintain it and, and keep it around. And I, and I feel even more infuriated when you think about the scope of it, right? You're talking about $75,000 a dish for those peasants who needed to pay it.


And they're there going to this event with all these expensive clothes and this incredible opulence. And they're the ones that are gonna tell us tomorrow about how important income inequality is. I, IIII want a constitutional amendment that bans anyone who ever goes to that event from talking about in income inequality ever again. Because how can we possibly take you seriously? It is a pathetic, pathetic display that we watched. And despite the fact that the outfits are with very few exceptions, completely bizarre and and strange. It, it is more about that like attitude of these people are better than you.


They will tell you how to think. And if you don't think the same exact way down the line that they believe you are, the disgusting peasant that they don't have to consider when, when they're at this event, when they're making policy that affects those everyday people who find this, this whole avenue grotesque. Once again, the field was littered with Kardashians. I mean, if you wanna lower the quality of your event, event in one fell swoop, just invite them all, which is what Anna Wintour does every year from Kim to Kylie to Kendall. Take your pick. They're there. And their mere presence, whether it's your Met Gala or your fake space launch, will undermine the gravity, shall we say, of your event and the seriousness with which any of us can take it.


They're the OG nude fashionistas, though. They were clothed last night. Here's Kim in her weird little witches hat and her incredibly tight outfit. 'cause that's all she ever does, but at least she was not showing us at least last night. Her v the Holly Berry choice, Stu, I'm sorry, but it marks like a new low. So, okay, Shakira showed us her v at a Super Bowl a couple years ago. So did J-Lo. And now you've got Holly Berry, who's, I mean, truly, I think accepted as one of the world's most beautiful women. Look at this, this is a closeup, forgive me of the side pube. We got side pube on the right and the left. And the thing that makes me so upset about this is any woman could do this.


Alright? Now, by the way, Holly Berry, not for nothing, but she's put on probably about 10 pounds. So maybe this wasn't the night to bust out the side pube, but okay, it's fine. But does your Lisa think if you brought her to the, let's say radio and television correspondence dinner, that if she showed side pube, she couldn't make a headline or two, literally every woman listening to me right now, and every man who has a daughter or a wife or a sister knows that if they put their loved one in a side pube dress, they would get attention, they'd get clicks, they'd wind up maybe even on the Megan Kelly show, but not for the right reason. And Holly Berry has some sort of a complex where it's never enough.


Her natural gorgeous skin, her natural gorgeous looks, her natural gorgeous breasts for that matter. It's not enough. You've gotta go full pube because everybody has to outdo each other. You know, once, once Bianca says, sorry's been out there, right? Like that's the new standard, or that Emily Rodowski, whatever her name, she's half naked all the time. This is the new. And like we lose a little dignity as a society every time one of our actual stars buys into this. Yeah, and you're totally right on that. And Halle Berry, right? This is an Oscar award winner, right? Like this is, this is someone who's not just some lady, right?


Like she is, as you point out, kind of generally agreed upon as one of the, you know, the world's most beautiful women. And she's going through this, it's totally unnecessary for her. But it does play into, I think the societal pressures. And, and I don't wanna say pressures as if she should be giving into them. I'm just saying that like the incentives of our world right now seem to be lined up this way. It's why so many people are on Instagram, you know, flaunting their cleavage to get clicks. It's why, I mean, it's, it's a, it's a very long road that leads to the British woman on OnlyFans having sex with a hundred men in a day, right? It's the same road. We're, we're, we're all there, we're all looking at this same path where it just cheapens everything about who we are.


I mean, these are, she's an accomplished actress. She is, you know, was at the top of her field at one point. There's no need for her to do this. She doesn't need to be the, the new starlet who's showing lots of skin to try to get attention. There's no need for it. But there seems to be this desire to constantly put the, to constantly escalate that part of humanity. Like sexuality is part of humanity. There's, there's nothing wrong with that, but it's, it's not designed to be something that's thrown all over closeup shots on the Megan Kelly show. That's not, I, yeah, don't, it's not what it's supposed to be.


Meghan, Remember Chrissy Teigan showed her underwear at the White House correspondence dinner. She was considered a quote star who went to that thing a year or two ago. She showed her underwear there. I don't get it. Like there's a time and a place for a sexy photo. I'm not against that. I'm truly not like a prude. But it's very weird to choose to show instead of like your shoulders or like some cleavage, some like, you know, tasteful amount of cleavage to, to, to go well beyond that, into showing again, the side pube, which has now become a new thing. The pandering to the BLM crowd was over the top. May I read you, I mean, this is unbelievable. If, like any, if the GOP did this vogue and the New York Times would be apoplectic about it, he listened to the menu that they served last night at what was basically the black, the black Met gala delicacies like papaya, piri piri salad cucumbers with Caribbean green seasoning, Creole chicken with lemon emulsion bbq, collared greens with bacon cornbread with a honey curry butter and a dessert named Bodega special cosmic brownie.


I'm sorry, but this is making me uncomfortable it because the black people like chicken and they like Caribbean green seasoning, the Creole chicken. They like, they like collared greens with bacon and cornbread. This is like the, the, so the left Anna WinCo tour can do this kind of pandering. 'cause she's, you see, she got a panel of black advisors, all black advisors, oh, and they want us to know they met at the Apollo Theater in Harlem to plan this. And she's gotten their imprints due. So it's fine for her to charge $75,000 for some Creole chicken and collared greens because she's having the Black Met Gala.


But you tell me if anybody right of center serve that menu at an event meant to honor black Americans, they'd get fucking killed. That's time for, forgive me. Number four, we're setting new records here. I bring out the vested you, Megan, I think there is a, you are completely right. By the way, imagine if a conservative decided to, to, to support that menu at a a, an event where you put again, who would even put black in the title of an event. I, I can't even, I don't even understand the mindset that would lead you to that part. Very small part of, of all of this. You know, there's a, it was a, I think it was Curb Your Enthusiasm episode where, where Larry and JB Smo were in line and, and, and he wants, wants to buy watermelon and and he's trying to get himself to, it's okay that you actually like watermelon, right?


And, and, and Larry Gabe's like, it's okay. Watermelon's delicious. It's okay to order a black man to buy a watermelon. It's okay. It's very funny scene. But it does sort of attract like, attention to this bizarre thing where we take foods and assign them to, to races and cultures. Like, yes, that's part of culture, right? It, it is. There's nothing wrong with enjoying a particular food and it, it's really more about the way the media and and the left has done this over, over the years. Instead of just saying like, you know what, like, I don't know, maybe white people like certain food. I have a friend who always tells me that white people are the only people who like mayonnaise. I don't know if that's true. That's what he always tells me. Ew. But like, why does that have to be ours?


Maybe it's true. I why's the one, Have we stuck with mayonnaise? Why can we get, so why can't we get Mel Watermelon that's better. No, It's delicious and it's healthy, But this is just so, and then they want us to know it was a black chef who came up with the menu. So Anna Wintour is not racist. You know, like, hands off we're okay. It's just so it's, it's five years late, right? Like, we're done with this. Yes. Blacks, Hispanics, Indians, they're done with this. They all voted for Trump in record numbers because in part they wanted to put a stop to this dividing us by race nonsense. It was progress to put him back in office so we can stop doing that.


And so Anna, winter, winter, so white, literally one of our whitest Americans, I mean, you can't get whiter decides she's gonna be the one to resurrect the pander. And really in doing so, set us back. Black people appreciate fashion and so do whites, right? And then we have to go back to like how whites 'cause dandyism, we really dig deep into these articles. It's about how white slave owners made the certain slaves dress up in these over the top outfits. And so it's like Dandyism is an homage to like what they did and then how black people took that and made it their own and found empowerment out of it.


But like, everything's gotta revolve around the white man, slave owner, our terrible history as a country. And we have to be reminded of exactly what, you know, ancestors of. Nobody's really at this point in the country, other than like 2% of us who are on the Mayflower did many moons ago. I, I love, I love how the solution to an issue from long ago where we had rich white people tell black people how to dress. The solution to that is to have rich white people tell black people how to dress. That. That's, that's how we solved it. Everybody and I, I Better see Rosa Park someplace. Oh wait, not there, Lisa, Not there.


It's really unbelievable and it's over. Okay. But now speaking of totally out of touch, leftists posing awkwardly for the camera, did you see the spread? Oh my god, it's unbelievable. With all these leftists in their living rooms. Hold on, I gotta find this. Is this in the AM update? Yes, in the New Yorker, they call it powerhouse. And they've taken their favorite lefties and photographed, it was supposed to be a photograph. Like traditionally they would photograph their living room, like just show off. And as New Yorkers, I, I mean, I'm not one now, but I have been one for the past 17 years. We all love to see inside of each other's apartments. You know, it's like being on a cruise ship.


They tend to be smaller. And it's interesting to see what people can do with such a small space to make it, you know, work and so on. So we're all fascinated by apartments. So showing the living rooms makes some sense, but this year they decided to add the humans in their living rooms. And it's all leftists because it's powerhouses. And they wouldn't, why would they feature a conservative powerhouse that's not of any interest to the New Yorker? So they've got the, I mean, again, just least attractive leftists you can find. And on that front, forgive me, but I'm just gonna tell the truth. I'm gonna start with Ella Emh, who they continue to tell us as some sort of a supermodel. I, I'd like to see the photos where, what runway show has she walked in? Because what I see is a woman who would never qualify as a supermodel in anybody's book.


She might be the living opposite of a Kate Moss or Paulina Ports Cova or a Cindy Crawford who were the OG supermodels. She looks short, stubby with large calves and a bunch of tats all over her and strange eyeglasses and hair in a very weird little living room holding a tiny little dog. So that's her. And then there's a OC in her queens. They want you to know she's in Queens. She's a woman of the people living room knitting. 'cause she's just like us, Stu she, she lies at her ca on her couch at home. And in between going to the Met Gala, remember, and a dress that reads Tax the rich, as she's hobnobbing with them at 75,000 a plate, she knits.


So that's relatable, okay? That's why she needs to be our next president. But my favorite is Al Sharpton, Al Sharpton, well-known race hustler and Hoaxer, who somehow rehabilitated himself into one of the very serious and esteemed voices on SNBC, whose photograph is him in his living room with a photo of him in the background as author John Gabriel put it on X like Al Sharpton, my house only has photos and statues of me, plus a little cage for the kids, which is what it looks like. There's literally a pho, a huge photo of himself on the wall behind him.


Nothing else. Then another photo that appears to be, I don't know, I maybe of him a statue. I don't know who the statues of could also be him. And then a weird little, looks like a pack and play kind of thing, which is apparently for his dog, maybe, I don't know, I don't know Al Sharp or Al Sharpton well enough, but he made the list. And then the best, the ba absolute best is Huma Abadin and her husband Alex Soros. Now, I, I understand, I feel for Uma Abadin because for years she's obviously been abused by Hillary Clinton as her right hand woman. I mean, that's seems clear when you work for a woman like that.


So she must be able to take high levels of abuse. I mean, that's my opinion. And then she married Anthony Wiener, who had some weird photos of two young children and really just his whole mayoral race ended in utter disgrace, as did his earlier race. I like, he had a couple races, which she was booted out of for his absolutely disgusting behavior. And then eventually their marriage failed. Shocking. And by the way, his laptop may have helped cause Hillary Clinton, the, the presidency. So she's gotta live with that, which is a leftist legacy. No, no one wants on the progressive side. And then she finds like the payload, the son of George Soros or George Soros.


Alex Soros. Now, unfortunately, he's extremely homely and there isn't a illa of sexiness about this man. He looks asexual to me. I I don't, he just looks totally like asexual, like he's never had a beating heart looking at anything. And this is their pose in the most antiseptic, sterile, cold, uninviting living room I've ever laid eyes upon. It's got the floor to ceiling window. So I guess they think we're gonna be impressed. They forgot to add anything resembling love, anything resembling comfort or coziness. You go to visit Ma Kelly, my mom Linda, you're gonna get the doilies on the side tables.


You're gonna get the cute prayers that are framed on the window, on the walls. You're gonna get the two matching lazy boy chairs well worn and loved. You're gonna get tons of family photos. Look at this. It's like hell on earth. This photo, they, Steve Krakauer said, I totally agree with him. They've got Margot and Todd vibes from Chris Christmas vacation. Yes. Remember right? Elaine Benni, what's her name? Julia de Louis Drey. Yeah, Julia Dreyfus. Yep. Where they're just, you know, you could freeze ice on their ass. They look so cold. Oh, here they are. And this is what they put out, like knowing it's gonna be the New Yorker, like their, their power photo.


And this has been some of the reaction. Okay, Steven L. Miller, I love him on, on X, you know him, he's been on yeah. Before with you, I think. And he writes in response to all of this. Sure, let's have that oligarchy conversation. Xus Jarvis on this. Uma Abadin and Alex Soros picture, by the way, there's something sexist about how he's sitting in like the power seat with his arm out and she's standing next to him holding his hand. There's something sexist about it. It reminds me of the Mika and Joe thing where she kicked her legs up and he was sitting in the power position. Like, this is her telegraphing subservience to me. Like, I'll get you whatever you need. What do you need? Do you need a coffee? You need a back rub?


What, what can I get you? Anyway, ex-US Jarvis tweeted out, loved, loved this picture in the voice of Alex Soros. Loved this picture of me, a heterosexual and my wife, who I love being physically intimate with, with Chadwick Moore. Tasteless, frigid, antiseptic. I've been in dentist offices with more soul and character, Byron York, one of, if the, if not the most powerful person in the Democratic party. Very heartland. Exactly right. So all of this does what for the Democrat's image Stuper gear? Not much, nothing positive.


I I I don't think it does much for any of their images. You know, I you say that Alex Soros does not have a scintilla of sexiness. I assume the sexiness was supposed to be provided by the commas in the bank account, which, which should provide you a very nice Yes, but it doesn't even seem to be honestly that they, they're hitting that standard. They look pissed in the photo. They, it looks like the last thing you see, if you're an Uber Eats driver and you've dropped off the wrong order and you're backing out of the apartment that they, they look at you like just disgust at you. And it, it looks, it makes their life feel disgusting. You know, it kind of does. I think like it, it has that element of it. There's this, there's this thing that, this type of thing, you know, if it were, you know, some rich conservative who made his money through, I don't know, supplying really important fuel and energy to our country so we can have a civilization, that person with the same background would be, I don't think they would have it.


I think it would look different, maybe a little more gold. But it would have, it would be seen as a disgusting sign of, of wealth and opulence and, and this grotesque capitalism that, that this, this country is, is, is is hitting us with, despite the fact that it's also provided us with, you know, life expectancies that are longer than ever and billions of people ripped out of extreme poverty, poverty across the world. Those things are never discussed. We would just look at this as this disgusting gross thing where these rich conservatives taking advantage of the American people. I mean, look, providing oil, providing, you know, technology something much more, much more than anything Alex Soros has ever done.


He's the kid of a guy who went around the world, you know, raping other people's currencies and destroying other people's currencies in foreign countries. He is not a, a sign of, you know, the family wealth didn't exactly come down a, A-A-A-A-A tree that you'd want to necessarily brag about when it comes to, to levels of, of how wonderful that process is. And we're now supposed to look at this. I mean, I don't know, maybe she's improved a lot. I will say she was married to Anthony Wiener and worked for Hillary Clinton. This might be the best possible Yes. Days of her life. I mean, this is might be the golden years for her, frankly, Unlike Vera Wang.


Yes. This might be the, the golden age for her. The this guy, like, all I can think about is, is it inherited wealth? Like, I'm not sure because I spent a lot of time with, for example, Lachlan Murdoch when I was at Fox. I don't remember him doing photo spreads like this. Like I, he's actually quite private. He's got, I think literally the largest home in Los Angeles. He and his extremely gorgeous supermodel wife, actual supermodel wife. He, they don't show it off. They don't need anyone's affirmation of how wealthy and powerful they are. That's what real wealth and real power looks like in my experience.


They, they don't want attention. The last thing they want is a show like succession, right? Like talking all about them and their intrafamily drama. But this guy Alex Soros has like leaned into his totally inherited role as kingmaker within the Democrat party, right down to marrying Huma Abedin, Anthony Wiener's castoff. Which is just a very sad thing to be. And I don't know, like I I think about it a lot. Like I really wanna have in my life, enough money that I can live comfortably and, you know, maybe give my kids a very small nest egg to help them in case of an emergency in their lives when I'm gone.


And that's it. Because I'm telling you, you give too much wealth to the next gen and you wind up with a prick like that, with that facial expression trying to act like he owns the world when he was just born on third base and has done absolutely nothing other than receive this baton of power and money from his old man. Like how pathetic and how not stimulating to his female partner. I know the commas are supposed to provide the stimulation, as you say, but that generally requires you to earn them. What's sexy is a man who earns whether it it's it's a, you know, Mason or a millionaire.


What's sexy is the hard work that goes into earning them By this standpoint, George Soros is sexy a sexier than his weird little Gru looking sun. Doesn't he remind you of Gru from the, from the Despicable Me series? Yes. Like you could step right in all of it is you couldn't like draw up a more apt villain. Yeah, it's so true. And it's also, you could not draw up a better vision of the hypocrisy of the modern left, right? Like I, you know, I work with Glenn Beck on a day-to-day basis. We've talked just a little bit about George Soros over the years.


Spent a little time on that topic. Yeah. And one of the big responses to that early coverage was no, that, that's not what's happening here at all. You know, George Sour is a Democrat. He, he makes some donations, but he's not this big puppet master trying to control, you know, the, the United States and all of the policies. He's not doing those things. He's not a big, he's a factor, not a factor in the Democratic party. You're being ridiculous. You're overstating this. And their answer to that is to put Alex Soros, who's accomplished exactly nothing on his own ex exactly, precisely nothing to elevate him to this level of control where Tim Walls was over at this same apartment during the campaign he was meeting with, with Kamala Harris.


He, he, he's best buddies with every power player on the left. They've taken at least the guy who was accomplished in his grift in George Soros and handed all this power times 10 to Alex, who seems to have done absolutely nothing to deserve it. E except perfect, his little villain face and his little pinky digging into the side of his smile. You know, Austin Powers like, There is definitely a doctor evil vibe there going on. And what happens with all this money, it goes to fund candidates who come out and tell us about income inequality, to tell us about how millionaires and billionaires are bad people, how billionaires shouldn't even exist.


These are things that left wing activists say all the time, and it's being funded by this guy in this apartment. You, you cannot put a price on it. Yes. They're literally right now lecturing us about oligarchy right now. These people just going down the list a little more, this list in the New Yorker of the living rooms, they decide to feature this is Rich Chase str. You may not know that Chase, but you should know Chase because Chase is the transgender attorney who want, who argued before the US Supreme Court on this one case that they're gonna lose on whether parents should have the right to make these medical decisions for their children and sterilize them and take away sexual function when their minors.


In any event, here is Attorney Chase str to Jake Tapper on CNN on December 3rd, right? Is it this December 3rd defending these so-called trans procedures for minors. Watch this. Nobody has to provide this, this medication to, to adolescents. Good God, because they're not doctors being forced to provide this medication. These are doctors who are wanting to treat their patients in the best way that they know how, based on the best available evidence to us. And these are young people who may have known since they were two years old, exactly who, who they are, who suffered for six, seven years before they had any relief. And what's happening here, it's not the kids who are consenting to this treatment, it's the parents who are consenting to the treatment.


And as a parent, I would say we, when our children are suffering, we are suffering. And these are parents who love their children, who are listening to the advice of, of their doctors, of the mainstream medical community and doing what's right for the, for their kids in the state of Tennessee has displaced their judgment. Okay? So this is a nice test for the listening audience. I intentionally didn't say any pronouns about Chase Strange Gio, before we tossed to that soundbite. The listening audience in particular heard a woman who has taken testosterone there. It's very clearly not a man, it is a woman pretending to be a man who's taken testosterone. Those voices are very unique, they're very distinguishable. They fool no one.


And if you listening audience were to get a look at trace at Chase Strang Gio by going to our YouTube feed and going 42 minutes outta the hour, you would be even more convinced because other than growing a fake beard and wearing a man's suit, this looks like an AFE feminine woman in dress up like a, like a Whoopi Goldberg, except this one's feminine. It's ridiculous. And so saying that kind of shit nonsense on CNN about how it's fine, it's just totally cool to have these procedures done on minors who, who cannot possibly consent as minors as young as 12 to the loss of sexual function for the rest of their life.


Like any 12-year-old even knows what that feels like or is to sacrifice. Chase is absurd and it will get you featured in the New Yorker as one of the power brokers in, I guess they'll go with his in quotes, living room. Let's take a look how chase sangio, which is the only true part about this person is living not well. Yeah, but that's, that's no surprise. I if he's, if she is so powerful, where is her powerful living room? Where's her nice living room? 'cause this doesn't look so great. The window air conditioner, I don't know the, the scuzzy clothes. These are our legal eagles now being honored and fitted by people like the New Yorker.


You feeling it Stu? Oh yeah. I will say, I will say in Chase Gios defense, he is much more masculine than Alex Soros. And that is something that, I think it's a very low Bar By looking at those photos, very low bar, it is fascinating what gets you featured, right? This gets you featured because you're, you're in a, in a loss. I mean, at least again, as opposed to Alex Soros, at least she accomplished something, I guess as a lawyer to get to the level where you at least be showing up in front of the Supreme Court. That's something, I suppose a court case obviously, that they're going to lose. But okay, that's at least something. It's amazing what they will feature and what they won't, you know, I was thinking about this as we were talking about the, the billionaires, Alex Soros and, and the rest, many of really rich people are featured in, in this spread.


And of course at the Met Gala. And I thought to myself, look at the way they're talking about, you know, Alex Soros and praising him and the way they treat Elon Musk. And he's seen as an oligarch, he's seen as a, as a, as a tyrant. The New York Times wrote a story today that featured, it was a supposed to be about how Donald Trump was embracing conspiracy theories. And in, in the article about Donald Trump embracing conspiracy theories, they call Elon Musk, America's unelected co-president. Now that to me seems like a conspiracy theory. It's quite clearly no Conspiracy.


Yes, not true. Yeah, a little bit. And I started thinking about like, I wanna, you know, those, what about those Elon Musk profiles like this? Now he may have had them at some point. I, you know, he kind of famously doesn't live in the sort of bizarre cold opulence of Alex Soros. He, he, that's not the way he's chosen to live his life. He's got lots of interesting choices in his personal life that we don't necessarily have to get into, but he doesn't get these glowing profiles despite the fact that unlike Alex Soros, no matter what you think about Elon Musk, he is brilliant. He is a genius. He has created more value for the United States in so many different areas than he's trying To cure paralysis, right?


Yes. Now with this Neuralink company, that alone should tell everyone to shut the, you know, what up, and just say thank you there. See I censored number five. And instead you saw, I think it was the media research center that, that like calculated the research, the, the, the media coverage that he's gotten. And for Elon, if memory serves, it was 97% negative for, it was 97, it might've been 99. And for Hegseth it was 100% negative, all negative on the evening newscast. That's what they looked at all. Incredible negative. So yeah, if you're Alex Soros, you get the feature in the New Yorker with the woman, you know, look at me, you know, and if you're Elon, you get all negative oligarch hit pieces.


Right? And that happened when not at the beginning, he was praised. I I we did a documentary back in 2006 or oh seven about, you know, energy and global warming and all these things, and one of the segments of it was a feature on Tesla. This is before Yon Musk really even was even running it. And we, and we were the ones, the only people out there saying, oh gosh, you know, this is actually interesting technology even though we're not global warming people. Back then, the coverage was all positive until the second he decided to keep his, his factory open during Covid. That started a process which led, ended up eventually in him endorsing Donald Trump and has now become the biggest doctor evil in the world according to the left.


It's bizarre. Most of the stuff he's done has been toward their policy aims, like fighting global warming and they still hate his guts. Yes. Green energy with the Tesla cars and Neuralink and colonizing Mars. That's bipartisan. I mean like that's, there's nothing partisan about that Twitter. That's where he went really south with them because he allowed speech that you're not allowed to say according to the left. And it changed the course of history. It changed the course of the debates that we're having right now, especially on the transgender issues, which is unforgivable. Nevermind what he did when he then endorsed and worked for Team Trump. Okay, there's so much to get to still. My gosh, there's, I'm looking at my list here and there's such goodness. 60 minutes over the top Dave Portnoy our guest of just a couple days ago in a firestorm and is handling it as only Dave Portnoy can.


We'll get to it all next. Here's an idea for someone who has everything. Hot salt. Yes, I said it. Hot salt, exquisite, savory heat. Now you're interested. So let me tell you about Firecracker Farm. It's a wonderful little family company that makes hot salt, a delightful spice infused sea salt. It has the perfect amount of heat and amazing flavor that makes everything taste better. Words getting out and people are loving it. That's because it's made with love. People can feel it and taste it. It's a small batch family operation. So supplies are limited. Know that it comes in sleek stainless steel push grinders, plus you can take them anywhere when you run out. They have refills a little too spicy for you.


Just mix it in with some regular sea salt to tame the heat, but you won't need to. It's blended to perfection. Honestly. It's the best thing to happen to food since fire. So what are you waiting for? Go to Firecracker Farm right now and use the code. MK a checkout for a special discount. That's Firecracker Farm code MK. Get some hot salt before it's all gone. You'll thank me. Hi everyone. This is former White House Pres secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors.


40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt no matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut.


This is just in Lisa. Lisa has greater star power than we normal mortals even knew. She also happens to be a K-pop star with a hundred million followers on Instagram, thanks to her K-pop role. For those of you listening, K-pop is like Korean bands that have made it in Korea and some over here too, like what's the other one? B, is it BTS? B-T-K-B-B-T-K is the killer. BTK is the murderer. Yeah, As you can see, I got my finger on the pulse stew. In any event, Lisa apparently wasn't big enough in K-Pop to get to the lessons about Rosa Parks and how we don't put her on VG underwear and take her out as our personal wardrobe.


But she's learning, she's learning the hard way. She also apparently got in trouble not long ago for some old tape of her singing the N word, which apparently, I guess they don't teach you that either in school in Korea, that you, we don't say that. That's not something we say or sing unless we're black, in which case you can say or sing it as much as you want. I'm just following the rules as they've been set up by the rap industry. Okay, so there's a lot going on. I wanna get to Jen Psaki. Jen Psaki really, really, really wanted us to know as she went on the Mixed Signals podcast on Friday, that she really had no idea that Joe Biden, her boss for years was mentally infirm.


And when she left the White House in May of 2022, he was akay skipper. He was doing just fine. She was just like shocked, shocked when he had that debate meltdown. Here's what she said and sought for. I left in May of 2022 just for the facts here, and I, I have seen Biden once since then. When I took my daughter to the holiday party this last December after he had lost. And so I hadn't seen him in person during that period of time in Person. I Never saw that person. Not a single time. And I was in the Oval Office every day. That was on that debate stage. I'm not a doctor. Aging happens quite quickly, not a doctor.


Things that people saw during that period of time that were similar to that or would've been in a category of that, I don't know, possibly. She never saw him in person and she's not a doctor. She wants you to know that still. That's so, and you're not a doctor. And I am a doctor and an astronaut. I'm a jurist doctor and I was able to diagnose him from my desk. So I just want her to know you're not one. And you were able to diagnose I am one and I was able to diagnose. So we've got this whole thing covered. We put together just like I'm not just gonna play, it's just too short. But we put together a list of the many, many mental infirmities that we saw from Joe Biden, like the, the more popular ones prior to her departure.


They included him slipping over and over again while trying to walk up Air Force One getting lost on his way back to the White House, referring to Vice President Kamala Harris as president and first Lady confusing the immigration policy, title 42 with the mask mandate, losing his train of thought and slurring during key remarks. Do we have that one? Ask him the team. Yeah, let's watch that one. We're gonna seize the yachts, their luxury homes and other ill begotten gains of Putin's Klepto. Yeah, kleptocracy and Kle. The guys who are the kleptocracy, but these are bad guys has, Is just a stutter.


Much more informed on the, The motives of some of the political players and some of the, and the political parties. Ms. It is not his stutter because then we could play the soundbite where he forgot the name of the Pentagon and Secretary of Defense. He didn't remember the word Pentagon, remember? And then he forgot the name Lloyd Austin as his defense secretary and so we could keep going. All of that was prior to her departure. All of us saw it just on the little box that we call the TV or the computer and were able to see that there was a problem.


But Jen Psaki is not a doctor Burguiere. No. So she just couldn't do it. It's interesting to see something, you have to open your eyes that typically it was the type of thing that Jen didn't seem to be doing. 'cause anyone who saw this, and you could have seen this even before the 2020. I mean, we saw elements of it in the 2020 campaign, but it certainly got worse in the White House. I suppose the, the change was, you know, dramatic from what we saw back in, you know, 2000, let's say eight, right? Here's a guy who's running for president for, I don't know, the 44th time losing, embarrassing fashion yet again back then. And while he was not exactly, I, I would say sharp. I wouldn't say he was an impressive politician.


He was at some points quick. He had his wits with him. That totally went away when he was in office. And it was clear to anybody who wanted to see it. You had to be in complete denial to not see this coming now. I mean, I was somewhat surprised at how bad that performance was in the debate. I, I, I assumed he'd muddle through it and give a, a solid D minus and people would move on with their lives that that didn't happen. And it wound up putting us into an interesting position, Megan, because for years and years and years and years, we were called conspiracy theorists for believing that Joe Biden had lost his mental acuity to any sustainable level.


We were told that it was mean and racist and whatever else to to, to criticize it. Ableist and Ageist. Ableist was a big one. Yep. You were against stutter and you Were antis stutterer, Anti stutterer, which is an interesting accusation for anyone. And we went through that whole period, and then the debate occurred and it became clear for them the better thing to occur was people to know about that all of a sudden, all of the things that had built up over all of of those years were now beneficial to the left. And we entered into this golden age of media for about two weeks, where yes, all of a sudden they were able to get these incredible insights from source after source after source.


Every journalist turned into the person from, you know, every, you know, Watergate movie, right? Like that person, he's like, like, you know, they're down there, they're in the, the, the, the parking garage. They're getting every single hit. They were able to uncover all these amazing things in such a short period of time. We are now at the situation where we have at least three books that I know of and maybe more one from someone at the Hill, one from Jake Tapper and Alex Thompson, to be fair, to Alex in particular. He really did cover this at the time. And then a third from authors combined of the New York Times, the Washington Post, and I think it's the Wall Street Journal, or like three leading That's right.


Newspapers together. All of this is out now. All of this after the fact. And I, there's a good chunk of me that just wants to be angry about it and say, wait a minute, where the heck, where was everybody I in the middle of this? Why weren't you covering this then? And I do think that that is a valuable conversation to have at some point. But I also don't want to discourage this uncovering process. I, I really think we were in a, a really dangerous situation as a nation, Megan. We were put in a position where us all of our, our children, our parents were in a situation where we were having a country run by someone who couldn't get through sentences. It wasn't just, he got on stage and stuttered.


This is a guy who obviously had lost it. This happened back in the Woodrow Wilson administration with his wife after he had a stroke. His wife was basically running the country. It seemed like Dr. Jill was running the country at some point. That's not constitutional, that's not allowed. There's potential criminal coverup type stuff here. Yeah. And yeah, we focused on a lot of stuff. A lot of it very interesting. Since Republicans have gone in, like, I, you know, I kind of wanted to see what was in the JFK files. Sure. But this is right here. It's happening right now. It just affected us. And this should be a bigger focus. We should have major congressional investigations. No, they, we have their names. They want us to care about Signal Gate. They want us.


Yeah. Pete Hegseth used Signal to discuss a lot of things. I don't care. Shut up and move on you. Yep. Just spare me. You're, you're Phil Foe outrage. I don't believe you. You wanna bring him down because he is Trump's guy. You don't give a shit about that. If you cared about the fact that he had a signal conversation with his wife, with details that he shouldn't have shared, ostensibly with his wife, then you would've cared about the fact that Jill Biden was president. You didn't care. So stop it. Take a seat. Yeah. I'm no longer listening to you, and I'm not alone. Yeah, no, you're, you're totally right. And, and I first of all, can't listen to them about any of this nonsense.


This is massive. This is the president of the United States who was just checked out while we were, it was a terrifying time, who God only knows. Think of the, he was micromanaging a situation between Russia and Ukraine. Think about what stopped us from World War II in that period. Megan Vladimir Putin's restraint, and Joe Biden's competence. Those two things were the, it's terrifying. Were the only two walls between us and World War iii. We went through all of that period. And, and here's the thing. Every one of these people, they're all coming out. They're all giving their quotes now. They're all talking to these authors. I encourage it. I want it to happen. I wanna know all their names. I wanna know all the conversations and all the things that they say, because it should be the basis of a massive investigation.


Every text they sent, they're complaining about signal. Now, every text they sent through that period should be able to be recovered by the US government in an investigation, an investigation. That must happen. That's right. In fact, there's no reason not to do it, especially all the messages that they exchanged on signal since they're so horrified by the use of signal by a government official. That's, that's wonderful. I'm sure you had those same reactions when you were in office and finding a way to communicate about Joe Biden's mental state. Let's, let's just make sure though, like, let's trust but verify, listen to Saki. Go on about how there was no coverup by either the media or biden's aids.


Coverup is a very loaded term. Coverup is often like a crime, right? We're talking, when people use that term, they say it's worse than the crime. People use that term as they relate to Watergate or the covering up of not sharing public information about a war. Yeah. And I'm not accusing anybody of a crime here. I understand, but other people have used that term. Yeah. And I think it's a bit of a dangerous term. Well, then you shouldn't have done it. That you should have thought about that when you were, because the thing about her is, it's an obvious lie that she didn't know about Biden's mental decline while she was work working for him. She a complete lie, I don't believe one word, but it's not like she moved into a dumpster when she left M-S-N-B-C never to be seen again.


She went to M-S-N-B-C when she left the White House. She went to M-S-N-B-C and got her own show where she could report on everything, including the fact that just three months later, he was calling for a dead person at an event whose memorial video he had just watched. Where's Jackie? Remember? He thought the dead people were alive and the alive people were dead. And again, during her tenure, he didn't know what the word was for Pentagon or that Lloyd Austin was his sitting SEC deaf. So she has nowhere to go. No wonder she's worried about the use of the term coverup. Yeah. First of all, the term coverup is completely legitimate.


And the reason why it doesn't often associate associated with a crime a lot of times, and a lot of times people do say the coverup is worse than the crime. All of that should apply here. I think that it's very likely that criminal behavior actually occurred in this particular incident. And it is a massively serious one that we can't just blow up. There's part of me that's just like, oh God, thank God that's over and I wanna run away from it. I, I understand that instinct. We have to look into this. This cannot happen for at least a third time in US history. It has to, we have to do something to stop this. There has to be more of a process to be able to make this, this information come out at the time so we know what's going on. And, and, and with Saki, she has a, you know, she, I think would, would probably be cleared of a lot of this stuff because she did leave in 2022.


God only knows if that's not why she left. It may very well have been why she left. But beyond that, what's hilarious about her is she had daily insight on this guy seeing him behind the scenes over and over and over again. She says she missed it every step of the way. Then she went to M-S-N-B-C, got her own show and watched every single one of his interviews, every single one of his speeches, and still couldn't pick it up that entire time, all the way until that debate stage. And what does every right M-S-N-B-C do with the information with, when you have a person who has that sort of ability to pick up on trends, what do they do? Promoter, that's what they did. They gave her a better time slot and probably more money, because that perfectly encapsulates the media right Now, if you are willing to take that embarrassment, that's gotta be embarrassing for her to Tow the line.


She, if you'll, if you'll just sit there and soak it up and tow the line and go on television and say, I didn't see the most obvious thing in the entire world, and embarrass yourself like that, congratulations, you've been promoted. Welcome to the Democrat Party and M-S-N-B-C. But I repeat myself, it's unbelievable. She's, she's not fooling anybody and good for Ben Smith for raising those questions. Okay. 60 minutes Sunday night. We talked about this last week, how they were out there asking us to feel sorry for them, that their executive producer quit saying, I feel like we're getting corporate interference from above now. I'm not gonna be able to produce with total independence. There's somebody who's kind of overseeing us now to see if, like, we've gone too crazy.


And, and that's a bridge too far for me. Meanwhile, we showed the audience all the examples, not all, just some of the examples of how biased they've been against Trump and Republicans and in favor of Dems. It's just been egregious. So whatever oversight they're now getting has their work cut out for them and is already failing, because this hit piece they did on Trump on Sunday night was a joke. Stu, it was all about Trump's lawfare against the law firms and how now he's issued executive orders against certain law firms for hiring people. Trump can't stand, or who in the past hired them saying, I'm not sure that's a law firm we wanna do business with as a federal government. I really don't. I'm not the sure that we trust the law firm that would hire this.


Mark Elias. And Scott Pelley pulls up this lawyer, mark Elias, like he's the only one who would talk to us. Everybody's too scared. That is because he's made his whole life and career in Democrat politics, trying to ruin Republicans and Trump in particular. He worked for the firm that hired Fusion GPS and got the whole Russiagate folks going against President Trump that represented Hillary Clinton. This guy is up to his neck in disgusting leftist Democrat politics. Of course he's gonna speak to them. And of course, Trump doesn't want the federal government to do business with him, or a firm that would hire this bad actor. Makes perfect sense to me.


But to watch 60, you would think he just plucked some random white shoe law firm guy out of the ether and decided to punish him. And it was dishonest. So here's Scott Pelley from the opening on 60 Sunday night. It was nearly impossible to get anyone on camera for this story because of the fear now running through our system of justice. Many firms and attorneys have been targeted among them. Mark Elias, a longtime opponent of Trump, who is the only lawyer the president has named, who was willing to appear on 60 Minutes, Elias and others are warning that Trump's assault on the legal profession threatens the rule of law itself.


Elias says that for him, it began with the President's personal grudge. Donald Trump hates me because I fight hard and I fight for free and fair elections. I insist on fighting for democracy in court, fighting for voting rights in court, and insist on telling the truth about what the outcome of the 2020 election was. Okay. So they treat what Mark Elias did to Trump in a passing reference. He, he, he includes the following line. There were allegations raised by Elias of in 2016 of shady dealings with Russia by Trump and his campaign.


He's right that the FBI could not corroborate what was described as rumor. At least one allegation was promoted to the media by Clinton campaign representatives when Mark Elias was general counsel, one, at least one allegation, promoted to the media by Clinton campaign reps when Mark Elias was general counsel. So he was just the harmless general counsel. And one allegation related to Russiagate was promoted by his, by the Clinton campaign, which they represented when he was, that is Abso They did not mention the fact that he was an architect of the whole Russian collusion hoax back in 2016. He was at pers Coy Law Firm, which hired Fusion GPS, the APO research firm on behalf of Hillary Clinton's campaign in the DNC to prepare the fraudulent Russian dossier, which fueled the FBI investigation wound up being the basis indirectly for the FISA warrants.


They got to spy on the team Trump for this hoax. He runs this thing called Democracy Docket, which sues on behalf of Democrats claims to be defending democracy. They left out the fact that he was sanctioned by the US Court of Appeals for the Fifth Circuit for unethical conduct just a couple of years ago. In 2021, they added in four total lawyers. All bash Trump. Not one defended him. There was no Trump defender featured at all on 60. And this is the new 60 that's got the corporate overseer to make sure they're fair to Trump. It's a fail. Yes. A massive, massive failure.


There's, I mean, I can't even remember the last time I saw a, a segment on 60 Minutes that kind of came off as balanced and fair. I mean, I would love them to exist in that world. You know, I would love, I think we really do have a need for a show like 60 Minutes in, it's actual, in the, in the theoretical form, I suppose, that it has been proposed over the years. A fair journalists, people, you know, maybe, maybe have spending high amounts of resources to go after stories that people aren't watching that closely. That would be a great thing for this country if it existed. It does not. You mentioned Steve Krakauer earlier. He wrote a great book and he talked about this type of thing where like, I as a conservative am often at odds with the media, but I, I'm rooting for it in a way.


I, I want it to, it would be helpful to our country if we had a media that didn't have to be constantly berated and mocked for their competence. I would love that world. You just see here that it's not, it doesn't exist. I mean, mark Elias, you go back just on the Trump stuff, but I mean, he's been a, he's been a democratic operative for as long as I can remember, being interested in politics this guy has been around for, and yeah, you know, he, he Trump probably does hate his guts for good reason. The, he tried to destroy his presidency, he tried to destroy his life. He, he lied, in my opinion, constantly about accusations against Donald Trump.


And he's done it against tons of other conservatives he doesn't like as well. This is not an a guy who's down the middle, a guy who is, you know, someone you can go to with like, Hey, give us your honest, unbiased opinion a, a a against Donald Trump. That that's not who he is. They can say they couldn't get anybody on the air. I don't believe that, you know, this is 60 minutes. I I think they can get kind of, they at least they used to be able to get anybody on the air they wanted. I don't believe that people are that afraid. I see them all the time, Megan. We have no shortage of clips to run of people saying incredibly insane things against Donald Trump all the time. In the media, in politics, journalists, artists, look at the Met Gala.


Everyone seems to be prancing about with their opinions about how much they hate Donald Trump. These people are not hard to find. If these intimidations were real, then I think we'd have a totally different world. You don't see a Met gala happening in downtown Pyong Yang. They, they don't, there's no one to come up against Kim Jong-Un and say those things that, that's true. That that is not the society we live in. It's, it seems to be, in my view, rewarded to go out there and say negative things about Donald Trump. And by the way, even if you're going to have four or five people on there criticizing Trump, Scott Pelley well knows that there is a journalistic obligation to feature someone there defending him.


It's not hard to find somebody who will defend the president. They didn't try. They have no interest in doing it. Honestly, it's so insane. The executive producer quit after doing piece after piece bashing Trump and Sherry Redstone's trying to sell her company Paramount to Skydance. And she needs government approval for this. Paramount owns CBS. So she put in this sort of overseer of 60 to make sure they didn't get too crazy. And that, I mean, I don't know what it could mean if it's not, please stop unnecessarily and, and fakely bashing President Trump in an unfair way because it's causing me trouble.


If it doesn't mean that, what does it mean you're not left just enough. That doesn't make any sense. Bill wouldn't have quit over that he quit 'cause he thought that they were gonna try to, you know, pull the bridal back on the Trump coverage. And this is the first thing they do. Once Bill's got, I dunno, it's just like, none of it makes sense other than sixties committed to its biased and, and nothing is going to change that. Okay, let's talk about this Dave Portnoy thing. 'cause it's kind of interesting. He was just on the show on Thursday. So Dave Portnoy, in addition to owning and running Barstool Sports, which is a podcast network and he's got been betting the, there was a betting company that they were in business with for a while there. In any event, he also owns sports bars. And at one of his sports bars, I guess if you win trivia nights, something you have to do something to win the right to put like your little slogan on one of these light up whiteboards in the bar.


And these two guys who won decided to post f the Jews and then posted the video on social media. This is from one of the bar stool bars in Philadelphia. Can we see the video? Why aren't we showing the video? Let's show the video, please. So this got a lot of people upset and Dave Portnoy saw it and he's Jewish himself, but not that that's required to get upset over this kind of thing. But he didn't appreciate that much and he decided to fire the employees who agreed to write that message that the patrons said they wanted. And then he offered to send the two patrons who wanted that message to Auschwitz on his dime to go learn a thing or two about that attitude and what it has led to and the past.


And this created such a firestorm around Dave that he was very angry. He posted online the other day, Philadelphia, this is where this happened. The local news keeps calling me, calling me, calling me, saying We want an interview, we want an interview. So he said we, I'd give him an interview. You can see him sitting on his couch talking to his laptop. You know, it's clearly a zoom. And he said it got heated about halfway in. So his friend or coworker pulled out his iPhone and started taping the exchange because the a BC Philadelphia reporter decided to make this into Barto. And its culture of hate, it's culture of hate is what led to this. Notwithstanding how, how Dave was handling this watch. Here's a bit of that.


You are quoting two people. I have no idea who they are from a made up journal. So tell me where the professors are from, from the University of Virginia. Okay, so made up university. No, that's a real university. I'd like to know how they're, where they're getting their information. I don't like quotes that I have no idea where they're coming from. I totally disagree for what you just said. I, who, who's creating more hate right now in, in the world? When you say Barstow sports and white men or, or college campuses? Hmm. You go an answer. No, that was, that was a question to you. I'm the journalist. I'm asking Well, I I I don't play by those rules. What does that mean? You're a journalist. I'm a journalist. I want a, I run a big media organization.


I just ask you a question, let's answer the question. No, I ask you a question. You answer the question, you answer the question. You're not, you're not, you're not running this interview. Alright, then the interview's over. He I know. That's Awesome. I Love it. Awesome. Yes. God, that's what I wanna do in every interview. I know he did it. It's great. Right? Good for him. For shoving it down her throat. She begged him for the interview. She got a bit big exclusive with him in the midst of this firestorm. He's doing her a favor by sitting with her. And she's decides to call him like the center of this culture of hate. It's your fault. Like this is exactly how he should have handled her. Absolutely. It was a great way to handle it.


And you know, he's completely right in the points that he's making. First of all, he is Jewish, which is, I mean, look, as you point out, I, I would, I was very angry and when I heard this story, you know, I I I'm a big supporter of, of Israel. I think they're very much in the right of what's, what happened after certainly October 7th in the, in the time after I'm happy what they're doing today in the Middle East. All of that being said, you don't need to be Jewish. You don't need to be a supporter of Israel to see that. It's crazy to blame a Jewish guy for something that happened for the couple of patrons at a bar that he owns. Right? That, that's completely insane. First of all. And his point about the universities is crucial.


They ha there are people going around not just saying bad things about Jews, but literally harassing Jewish students, targeting them, threatening their lives on a daily basis. There are Charlottesville style protests in city, after city, after city, across this country against Jews. And which seems to make it okay. I I was just watching video of, of an area that was being taken over by pro-Palestinian protestors, which is a nice way of saying the Hamas wing of the party. Yes. And going there and taking over establishments. These are things again, we were told on January 6th was the worst thing in the world.


They're doing that in, in institutions around the country. This stuff is happening. It's real. We have seen it all over the place in high-minded Ivy League style schools. Not drunk people at bars, people who are planning protests for weeks, organizing people on these concepts of outdated, awful antisemitism that has been around for as long as unfortunately humanity's been thinking about it. I, I, you know, I thought we were, I thought we could get past that at some point. Apparently not. And those people get praised. The Elon Omars of the world get praised. She just yesterday said Israel was involved in a genocide on Twitter and responding to JD Vance.


All of this is going on and we're supposed to be worried about Dave Portnoy, a guy who does quality sports content, owns a couple of bars, talks about betting, and is Jewish himself. We're supposed to care about his drunk patrons. Right? That's the standard we're supposed to hit. I'm glad she slammed that. He slammed that laptop right in the face. He crushed it. Turns out one of the students who, I don't know if he's a student, one of the patrons who he offered a trip to Auschwitz then came back and after getting suspended at his university for I, I guess posting this video online without apology, he got suspended from his university, came back and said, I was just posting it as a citizen journalist.


And Dave came out and said, that's very different from what I was originally told and withdrew the offer to send this young man to Auschwitz. And we don't know this young man's name. It's remained anonymous, I think, until now. So in any event, that's what's happening over at Barstool. Well done. Dave Portnoy handled it perfectly. Stu a pleasure my friend. Thank you for being here and my regards to the beautiful superstar of this show. The real Lisa. Yes, the real Lisa. And I will say I, I pretty much had a good time in this interview, but honestly I have to say I'm out Till the next time. Alright, coming up.


Somebody the left can't stand. Somebody the left made their entire campaign when they backed Kamala Harris about a true boogeyman to the left. And let's see if you can guess who it is. You'll see right after this break, don't go away.


Let's talk about that car you own, but do not use the one you're paying to keep registered and insured. That's taking up space out front and it's just sitting there doing no one any good. But you have a choice. You can give cars for kids. That's cars with AKA call and have them take care of all of this for you. Just give them the info and they will come to you as soon as the next day and take that car off your hands at no cost to you. Even better, they will turn that car into funds to help children. So visit cars for kids. Do org slash MK, that's cars with a K. And then the number four to donate or call kids directly at seven, seven cars for kids. And they will get that car picked up quick. Plus you can get a tax deduction and vacation voucher. They've been around for 30 years. They've done this over a million times. Call now or head on over to cars for kids.org/ MK right now and get this done. Cars for kids.org/ MK. That's cars with a K.


When your metabolism works properly, you feel the benefits in so many aspects of your life. And that's why I wanna tell you about Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. The app lets you know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives tailored guidance to improve nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. Just breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you will know what's going on with your metabolism. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you get real time info. Your metabolism is how your body turns, the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going. It's at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, and more the warmer months are coming spring back into your health and fitness. Go to lumen.me/ Megan to get 15% off your Lumen. That's LUME n.me/ Megan for 15% off your purchase. Thanks Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Hi everyone. This is former White House pre secretary Sean Spicer. We all know that Americans are still recovering from the record inflation of the past four years. Now, some in Congress wanna make cuts to Medicaid, a program that provides critical healthcare to 72 million struggling Americans, including veterans, people with disabilities, kids and your friends and neighbors. 40% of American births are actually covered by Medicaid. And Medicaid covers healthcare costs for a third of children with cancer. Working families rely on this program. It has 77% support. Nearly nine in 10 Americans oppose Medicaid cuts. Donald Trump campaigned on a promise to protect Medicaid as president. He's still promising to love and cherish Medicaid. Did you know that 12 million Medicaid families live in rural communities? Many of these people voted for Donald Trump and they didn't vote for this. If Congress cuts Medicaid, a lot of rural hospitals could close and a lot of rural families will be hurt. No matter how you look at it. Cutting Medicaid just doesn't make sense. Stand with President Trump and tell Congress not to cut Medicaid.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash MK show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash MK show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


Let me take you back to this time last year and leading to the summer of 2024. Remember this message, which was everywhere. Project 2025 Will Destroy America. Look It up. Project 2025, a far right manifesto that has hundreds of pages of extremist policies to destroy the federal government as we know it. I'm Here to tell you what it is. It's a far right plan for destroying democracy. Project 2025 Is an obvious and chilling blueprint for a Christo fascist future. Folks. Project 2025 is the biggest attack on our system of government. Our personal freedom has ever been proposed in the history of This country.


Democrats, this is some real talk for you. If you're not spending every second of every day all next week, taking a lead pipe and a two by four to Donald Trump and Project 2025, get outta politics. Remember that woman who walked out of the Democratic National Convention with a huge like purported book titled Project 2025. They thought that this was the gonna be the thing that brought it home for Kamala Harris that took her to the Promised Land. Well, how'd that work out? Well, you're about to meet the man who is the president of the group behind 2025, the project, and it's called The Heritage Foundation.


Kevin Roberts is their president. He's also a former college president and he's author of the book, Dawn's Early Light, taking Back Washington to Save America. Kevin, I mean, you heard all the terrible things they were saying about effectively you and Heritage. How do you plead, sir? Oh, I, I plead guilty for loving America so much that we would put together 110 conservative groups to do what? To to have the blueprint for dismantling the administrative state for the sake of self-governance and freedom. So I'm glad that that radical leftists dislike us so much as, as we say at Heritage, when you're over the target, you're not catching flack, you're catching a lot of flack. And obviously we're over the target when radical leftists think that we're a real problem.


Ultimately, though, let me say this Megan, it's the American people, not heritage who should be taking a victory lap because what President Trump is doing is what conservatives have needed to do for several decades. And that's restore some common sense to Washington dc Or they would go through the list of Project 2025. It's like, you know, like trying to decrease the number of abortions in, in the country and trying to secure the border. I was like, great, cool. Like this to me is like an advertising for the Republican party, but the left treated it like it was a little Nazi manual that President Trump was going to just make into law as soon as he got in there, It actually boomeranged on them. I mean, we, we computed at Heritage even though we weren't seeking this, you were just a public policy group. They gave us a billion dollars of earned media value.


And what happened was, especially in the last month of the campaign, as you suggested, not only was it becoming a failing tactic for the Harris campaign, it was boomeranging on them in some swing districts where people said, you know, I went to project 2020 five.org. I don't necessarily agree with everything, but I agree with the top 10 proposals they have and, and I wanna vote for candidates who support this. So ultimately it was a, a huge wind in our sails again, President Trump and Vice President Vance deserve of all the credit for what they're doing. If we have played a minuscule role in helping to offer some suggestions on policies and people, that's what Heritage has done since 1980. And the left also hates it, Megan, when I say this, we're gonna do this every four years until the end of time because it's what we're supposed to do to help men and women in elective office.


Hmm. Well you've also been very kind to yours truly. Whenever we go down to DC you guys have these amazing studios and you let us use them. So I'm grateful to you on a personal and professional basis. Okay, let's talk about, because you are a former college president and the issue of colleges under Trump has exploded. This was a campaign promise. He said he would dismantle the DEI that has infected all of these elite universities. And he's really, not only is he doing it, but he's fighting for it. So he issued these exec executive orders. Now he could just sit back when they fight them legally and phone it in, but he is fighting tooth and nail like, you want to gimme a hard time about it. I'm gonna take away this source of funding for you. I'm gonna take away that source of funding for you.


Like he won't rest until they actually do scrub these campuses of this very dangerous ideology. Which of course has not only just caused problems in general, but has resulted in large part in the antisemitism that we're seeing on college campuses, which when made manifest toward Jewish students is illegal. The latest is, this is from the New York Times dated today, that they're seeking to force Harvard back to the negotiating table on its list of demands, like to clean up the antisemitism problems, et cetera, by saying you will not be eligible for any new federal grants. No more federal money.


Basically in a contentious letter to the president, a Alan Garber saying, you're not gonna, you shouldn't be seeking grants from the federal government since none will be provided, signed education Secretary Linda McMahon. And she goes on in just a scathing piece about all the sins they've committed. What do you make of this? Well, first of all, let me start with that letter from Secretary McMahon, who by the way, like every other cabinet secretary is doing such a great job. It was hot fire and it's so righteous on behalf of common sense toward an institution, Harvard that used to be the pride and joy of this country, even for those of us who didn't go there and, and never really wanted to. Instead, what Harvard has become is sort of the, the icon, the avatar for the radical left.


And having been a college president, Megan, I will tell you that if I had been the president of Harvard and was receiving these missives from Donald Trump, I would've picked up the phone and said, Mr. President, can I come meet with you for half an hour? And let's talk about our shared goal, which is that we love this country, we want to educate students when we receive public money, we want to really treasure it and, and actually further science, further study further American values. But he could not do that because Harvard doesn't believe in those things. And so the gig is up. Those of us, whether like me, an educator or you, a very smart observer in journalism and news understand is that the Ivy Leagues and most four year universities in this country have been using the public's money against us by implementing all this DEI nonsense to say nothing of the very steady decline in educational attainment we've seen with four year and six year graduation rates.


So of all the things I'm excited about that this administration has done in its first few months, it is this effort on education broadly, but on Harvard in particular that I would put at the top of my list. It's like, what exactly do you think Trump should do with Harvard and Columbia and Princeton and Yale and all these colleges that are, that are doing this, that are committed to this DEI way of teaching and being. It's like not just teaching, it's the hiring, it's the administrative staff, it's what they wanna see in the students who apply there. It's in the lesson plans, in the syllabi. I mean, it's just ubiquitous. So what should he be doing to make sure they do what his executive order says?


Two things. Number one, the, the letter from Secretary McMahon lays this out really clearly and it is a hundred percent solid ground legally and morally. And she says, look, in essence, you're free to do whatever you wanna do as a private institution, but don't think that you can do that and also take billions of dollars of public money if in fact you're going to take those public grants in order to fulfill federal government scientific research priorities, you have to follow by the rules. Harvard thinks that it's more important than the federal government and the American people, in essence, they want to have their cake and eat it too. And so what the Trump administration needs to do is cut off those funds, which the secretary has said will happen. Number two, it needs to continue to fight them in court and I believe the Trump administration will prevail.


But the third thing which is unique to Harvard because of the scale of the implementation of DEI there is that I think the president is right to threaten the tax exempt status of a university. Those of us who run nonprofits would not want that threat being bandied about by any president of the United States. But there's precedent here when a previous administration went against Bob Jones University for doing what, in essence a form of DEI using a different definition. Yeah. And so I think they're on solid ground here. In essence, Harvard has picked a fight that it's not going to win. And I think it's endangering the future of the university. It's so amazing to me that they're really committed to this. You know, like what DEI really is, is discrimination.


That's what they're fighting for. They want, they want the ongoing ability to discriminate against whites and Jews, as the case may be. And it's really, really important to them. They're willing to die trying. You look at, just, just on Tuesday, there's a piece in commentary today called Defunding Shouldn't Stop with Harvard, where they outline the fact that their presidential task force on combating antisemitism and anti-Israel bias, they released their final report. Then they had to do the one on combating bias against Muslims too, as though that's an equal problem at Harvard's campus. Sure, Jan. Sure. It's a 300 plus page document. And they, they conclude, it reveals the depth of the university's systemic bias against Jewish students.


Many students, quote described experiences of being bullied or shunned by fellow students, singled out for negative attention by instructors and feeling ignored by administrators. Fear of encountering hostility has led some Jewish students to conceal their Jewish identity from classmates. One wrote, I count among my peers, many students who regularly posted social media images like decolonization is not a metaphor with Jewish blood dripping from the text. One graduate student said, imagine go trying to go to school and learn in this environment. And yet they're still holding on the Harvard is, as are the other universities to their ability to teach and run the university just exactly as they see fit.


Like we should trust them. It, it's so grotesque. I mean, can, can you imagine that in 2025 we're having to have this conversation about any university, but in this case, Harvard, supposedly one of the top universities in the world defending the implementation of antisemitism such that if a, as you said, a Jewish student is on campus, it probably is prudent from their point of view to hide their religious identity in the United States of America in 2025. This tells you everything you need to know. But let me say, especially for my, my Jewish friends who are very worried about their own kids and grandkids at these campuses, as tragic and evil as this is, there is a silver lining here because President Trump is willing to play ball.


And it's this, this is highlighting the defense of antisemitism by Ivy League presidents is highlighting for the American people who weren't quite sure this was such a big problem anymore. That it is. And what it's doing is sustaining the popular will for the kind of reform that needs to happen to eradicate antisemitism period, but also to do the kind of higher education reform that many of us, myself included, have been involved in for 25 years. I am. Therefore, all of us really at heritage, Megan are really optimistic about how all of this will, will turn out. Yeah. Because it's, it goes well beyond antisemitism and obviously we need to make sure that there's still room to criticize Israel. That's a, that's a different kettle of fish.


You can criticize Israel all day long and say that their response is disproportionate. All that's fine. But you know, this is what decolonization looks like with the murder of a bunch of Jews. Now you've crossed a line. Now it's different. You intimidation tactics that stop Jews from going across campus or to class, you crossed a totally different line. And the feds have an obligation under the law to step in and stop you. But it's so beyond just Jewish people. It's whites. That's the truth. Kevin, all these DEI policies, they're illegal. It's already illegal to discriminate against anyone because of their skin color, including whites. But they do it every day. And I feel like they'll get rid of that over their dead bodies.


Oh, they will. That's, that's the hill that they're going to die on. And a couple of things on that is you talk often on your show in this era in which we have seen the deterioration of properly ordered masculinity. One of the rotten fruits of that is that we see a steadily declining percentage of the American university student body being male. We obviously want everyone to succeed, all women and all men. But it's a real concern for me as an educator, someone who mentors a lot of younger people here in Washington, DC to see that DEI has become so ingrained in our society that we almost, even if we hate it, and obviously you and I and your audience do, we don't realize how pervasive it has become in the thinking, especially of younger generations of Americans.


That's why we have to fight so hard in policy, but also informally to root it out and be aware that these university presidents of the Ivy Leagues are not going to stop fighting. They're, they're gonna continue to defend antisemitism, but the real cradle for them that they are the altar that they want to defend, is to make sure that white men do not get an equal chance of attending their universities. The only proof you need of that is to look at their admissions rates and, and ultimately what you and I are saying, what President Trump is saying is very common sense. How about we re-implement meritocracy in universities in, in every kind of industry for success. That's what the American people voted for last November.


So hats off to President Trump for trying to re-implement that. It's the American dream. Yeah. And he's not a afraid of the fight at all. So as we close out his first a hundred days that was on last Tuesday, how do you think he's doing in particular, how did he do and how is he doing on the tariff policy, which is by far the most controversial thing he's unveiled? Look, we'd give him an a or an A plus for the first a hundred days. And we're pretty tough graders at Heritage. We don't believe in great inflation. And the reason it's not quite an a plus is I think that where he's landed on the tariff regime now is where it, it should have been four weeks ago. We at Heritage support the philosophy of a reciprocal tariff regime that uses tariffs as a temporary tool of statecraft to exact fair trade, which is something we all believe in.


And ultimately that's where the president has gotten or, or is very close to establishing that ultimately we believe the real fruit that will come from this regime of tariffs is to put the Chinese Communist Party on an island because we have confidence in that. We would still rate the administration's first hundred days as an A and every other respect they've hit the ball outta the park. And let me just say, if I may, kind of looking ahead to the next a hundred days, the success of the first a hundred days will really hinge upon the ability of Congress as soon as it possibly can to pass the reconciliation bill so that we can codify big beautiful bill successes. Well, there are reports that Trump is asking for a record cut in spending, that he really wants this budget to go back to the way it was decades ago in terms of government spending.


But the only thing that would increase would be the defense budget by some. Do you think there's any chance that this Republican Congress will do that? That they will cut spending by record levels, add to defense and pass tax cuts? There is a chance, but you know, I'm gonna be honest, it's what we have to be at the Heritage Foundation, the thin majority in the house, the, the, the non filibuster proof majority in the Senate for Republicans means that both Speaker Johnson and leader th have a very, very narrow path to walk at Heritage. We're trying to give them the air cover to be as aggressive as possible, hopefully get to a trillion and a half dollars in spending cuts. And ultimately when you do that and you have the reform minded defense secretary at the Pentagon, you can actually increase spending on defense a a little bit by providing for the munition systems for the next war rather than for the last war.


Ultimately, Megan, I do think there's a chance, what we're trying to do at Heritage is encourage our friends in Congress to get this done as quickly as possible. Because what the American people are looking for is some certainty about all of these questions. Yeah. And Pete made clear, he's trying to replace over the Pentagon, the munitions that we've been shipping over to Ukraine. I mean, it's not, not about like a barreling toward war at this point. It's about trying to make sure we have our, our base covered, God forbid we were to kn it. He did announce today that he's, he, he's firing a bunch of generals and like the top brass and he wants to take the money and resources that we're going for those guys and supply it to the war fighters. So we'll see what that looks like.


It's been a pleasure. Kevin Roberts, I don't believe what they said about you. It's not right. Megan, you are a national treasure. Thanks for everything you do. It was a real pleasure to join you. Oh, I hope I see you again. All the best to you. And we are back tomorrow with Chama and Jason from the All In podcast, the besties, two of the besties will come see us. They're always fun. We'll see you guys then. Thanks For listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear


Under Biden American's Cost of living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.