
There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team hike the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the Sportsbook born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East. Hey everyone, I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. We meet again. It feels like it's just been a couple minutes since we last chatted, but a lot's gone down. It's the morning after. Now. The big VP debate last night, and honestly like the more I've thought about it over the past, what it was 12 hours when we signed off ago, the, the angrier I've gotten over the amount of bias and push there was by those moderators in favor of the Democrats.


It, it's just so out of control. The media bias is out of control. I don't think these Republicans should be agreeing to do any more of these debates at any point on any of these networks. And the only way they should is if there is an equal number in a forum of their choice. You know, they can say to the Democrats, you can you choose A-B-C-N-B-C CBS, CNN, even Ms. NBC. You choose, you choose two two of those and we'll choose two. We'll do one with Megyn, Kelly Show, and we'll do one with Fox News. Whatever that, what other way is there?


Otherwise, you are voluntarily going into a lion's den in which your, the bait, the lion will try to eat you and they treat the other candidate as the little baby lion cub. They will try to protect that person and run cover for that person. And if you wind up posing any sort of a threat to that person, everyone in the arena's against you, they'll try to cut your head off. I mean, that's what we saw. Or in last night's situation. Cut your mic off. We're going to get into it in some more detail with our wonderful guest today, guys, who I love, and I know you do too. But before we get to them, there's a stunning new story out today involving Vice President Kamala Harris', husband Doug Emh.


Now, do you remember this Jen Psaki clip that we showed you just a couple of days ago and we mocked her for her ridiculous lapdog boot licking performance when she had this guy knowing he had cheated on his first wife before Kamala Harris with his child's nanny. Look, people have marital problems and they make bad decisions when they're married to people that they don't love. All right? However, banging your child's nanny and impregnating her is in a special league of its own. Whatever he got through the marriage, he managed to somehow remain friends with that first wife and he married Kamala.


I think most of us would've left it alone if he hadn't then paraded himself out there and let the media parade himself out there like he was the ideal husband on steroids. Like he is the new version of what it means to be a real man And. it chooses toxic masculinity and should really be the role model for my boys and yours f that I want my boys to be like my husband who did not bang the nanny nor impregnate another woman while married to me or ever. It's just, it's insane that they tried to sell us this lie. That was the context in which we raised.


Before I get to today's news, the following Jen Psaki clip where she interviewed the current second, second gentleman, the man who could be our first gentleman in a few months on, I think it was Sunday. Watch. An interesting part of how people have talked about your role here is how your role has reshaped the perception of masculinity. And I'm not sure you planned on that, but you are a incredibly supportive spouse. Has that been an evolution for you and do you think that's part of the role you might play as first gentlemen? It's funny, I've, I've started to think a lot about this. I've always been like this. My dad was like this and to me it's the right thing to do.


You know, support women when we lift up women, we support women, whether it's pay equity, childcare, family leave and all these issues that, and you know, this post-ops HealthScape women should not be less than, There's a pop culture phrase wife guy, which you've kind of been known as. Are you familiar with this? I've heard about it as Held a wife guy, a proud wife guy. How do you feel about that? Well, if, if I do something annoying to Kamala and she gets upset, I'll just show her that article. No, it's an interesting gesture there at the end with the hand in your face because that's the news today that this so-called, always supporter of women, actually smacked an ex-girlfriend in the face.


Either a smack or a punch. It was unclear according to the daily mayors males exclusive reporting, that this super guy who's redefined toxic masculinity actually beat a woman that he was dating prior to Kamala. The Daily Mail reports that he did not respond, request for comment on the article. What does that mean? It's not even gonna be a denial, I guess they'll get around to it. Just an allegation right now. But let me tell you, take some time today re to read that Daily Mail report because it's incredibly detailed, incredibly with several friends of the very successful attorney that he was dating, his alleged victim going to the Daily Mail, providing records to the Daily Mail, speaking in great detail about the call that the abuse victim alleged made to them after he smacked her in front of other people in front of French valets over there in Kahan, France.


And no one's looked into this, I guess other than the Daily Mail. Certainly Jen Psaki, I hope wasn't aware of it when she let him get away with, I've always been like this, a supporter of women, except when I'm slapping them in the face or banging the nanny on the ones I'm married to. Behind the back of, I'm sorry, this is just, if this were a Republican, it would be leading every news channel. Every news channel. One of our guests on this show last night, mark Halburn reported on our show last month that there was still more apo research to drop about Vice President Harris and her husband.


How she, and by extension he had never really been formally vetted. Look how she got elevated so quickly to the VP spot under Biden. He was losing. He needed to win South Carolina to secure the nomination. He made a deal with James Clyburn, he would select a black woman as his running mate. Bob's your uncle, she was in. It's just unbelievable. Now the vetting begins by the Daily Mail. God bless them 'cause they actually do look into these stories other people think are too beneath them to, to check. Although they'd be, they'd love to report these other respectable news outlets on Stormy Daniels. And whether she said Trump wore a condom, that's not beneath them. But this is, you know, seedy.


All of this is unbelievable. Also this today, the New York Times, they've got a daily podcast. It's very popular. The lefties love it. It's called The Daily. Sometimes I listen to it 'cause I like to keep my finger on the pulse of what the left is doing. And today was interesting because they were doing a debate rundown. How did it go? Could not believe my ears. They believe the only moment Americans will remember about the vice presidential debate last night in which JD Vance wiped the floor with Tim Walz is an exchange between the two candidates near the end about democracy, specifically the 2020 election.


And guess what else? They did not even run the soundbite where Tim Walz calls himself a knucklehead after he clearly gets caught in and confronted with a lie he told about being in China for the Tianmen Square massacre. Joining me now to discuss these and many other stories, Camille Foster partner at Freethink Michael Moynihan contributor to the Free Press and Matt Welch editor at large for a reason. Together they are the hosts of The Fifth Column. You can find all their content and support them@wethefifth.com.


Imagine waking up one day to find out your home no longer belongs to you, that someone somewhere has stolen your property right out from under you. It sounds unthinkable But. it is a sad reality for some American homeowners and a risk for anyone that owns property House stealing. That's what the FBI calls it. And it's a form of real estate fraud where scammers leverage loopholes in the system to fraudulently transfer your home's title into their name, and then they take out loans against your property or even sell it behind your back. By the time you find out the scammer's long gone, leaving you the legitimate homeowner to clean up the mess. But right now, triple lock protection is available through Home Title Lock dot com offering 24 7 title monitoring alerts and restoration services. You can sign up today at Home Title Lock dot com and use the promo code Megan for 30 days of protection for free and a comprehensive title scan to make sure you're not already a victim. That's promo code Megan and Home Title Lock dot com or just use the link below.


Guys, welcome back to the show. Thanks for having us. Can you believe what I just went over in my intro? I I'm like, I'm really, I'm real at, at base. All those stories are about media bias. I even the, you know, the Daily Mail breaking this reporting, you, you, I, I think second gentleman punching a woman in the face would be news irrespective of a i I mean, I just think in any normal news cycle, ma the mainstream press would report on that if, if they had it. But in this news cycle, no one was interested, no one cared to run down. Oh, if he banged the nanny on it behind his first wife's back and impregnated her, maybe he's not a good guy.


Perhaps that that warrants some phone calls. Again, I wanna say in Doug's defense, Doug mhs not to be confused with the actual great women loving man, Doug Brunt. He, we don't know whether it's true. I, all I can tell you is that the Daily Mail report is ex is extremely detailed with multiple witnesses coming forward now and their first exclusive reporting was about him with a nanny, which he admitted. So they've got a good track record when it comes to him. So all three stories at, at their base Matt Walsh, are about media bias. And in the wake of those last night's debate, what I told you about the daily, today, this being broken October 2nd by the Daily Mail, where's your head this morning?


I I would imagine that we will see some follow up reporting, I think more on the Daily Mail, right? But first it's, it is, it's not Bo Drop, it's the Daily Mail, which is a fantastic newspaper But, it sometimes shades a little bit outside the lines. The New York Post brought it up and, and it's three unnamed sources and it's a month before the election. So that's all a lot of buyer beware. But also, as you rightly point out, there's some detail in here and the two that caught my eye were that one of the phone calls that the woman made, allegedly made right after this thing happened was in the car with Doug Imhoff to a friend, according to one of those friends unnamed so far.


That is a level of granular maybe that even kind of exists somewhere. Detail, which is very interesting. And the other bit, and you have to go down in the New York Post story, so Moynihan didn't get there. 'cause the attention span issues is that this allegedly came up in previous vetting or like the Biden administration was made aware of this at some point previously. So if that is true, then, then I think that it's going to absolutely warrant some follow-up and we'll see what that follow-up is. I can't believe really honestly that many people with a straight face are saying that Tim Walz won that debate.


I do get the point that the weakest part of JD Vance's otherwise very, very strong night last night was him trying to answer about January 6th. Yeah, agreed. Because January 6th is unanswerable, as far as I'm concerned, the way that Donnell Trump behaved and the price of doing business to be Trump's running maid or just to be someone in good graces with Trump world, for the most part is to either minimize what he did or apologize for it. And I think kind of well, but, But just to jump in there, Matt, just to jump in, he wasn't actually really even asked to defend Trump on J six. It was who won the last election. Right. Which is the, that's the real trigger point for Trump.


Keep going. Yeah, I mean, and and either way his answer was not very good, although there's an element of his answer that was really interesting. I mean, he changed the subject, but he changed the subject as something that is true and an advantage of Vance, certainly maybe even Trump and Vance over the Democratic ticket, which is about their pro censorship views. And that's when Tim Walz uncorked the unbelievable shouting fire in a crowded theater Oh crap. That we have been talking about since it first happened a hundred years ago. Of what? Just garbage that is And. it was, it's Not true's not true. You can yell to f fire in a crowded theater.


You can Abso absolutely can. And so that's a, that was a very interesting thing. But yes, but that was Vance's low point at mid 90. But my God, in a debate where Walz, it looks in the camera, Bridget, Bridget Fe had the greatest line about last night, by the way. She said that the whole vibe of this election and certainly the split screen of it, or this debate is of an adult confronting his coach who molested him. I was like, Oh, gosh, the look, the look the sour unhappy look on Tim Wall's face as he is like, you know, I'm small town. And you're like, dude, you lied, you lied about Mann, what are you doing? And it's like, oh, you know, John Cougar is great.


Like what? Like he's, I'm a knucklehead. It was terrible, terrible, terrible. And anyone who watched that debate and saw that moment, there's no way that you can come out, even if it was trivial, like the actual underlying thing about it. It's trivial, but it's not trivial when someone has a a pattern of being dishonest and gilding their own lily as Tim Walz definitely does. Yes. Just like Joe Biden does Too. Yes. He, he's a Lily Gilder Well said. Yes. If I were team Trump, I'd immediately have an ad that shows like above him tampon Tim, and on under underneath him knucklehead. That's what I'd, I'd have that everywhere today. Tampon Tim Knucklehead, that's what he is. There were so many lies on Tim Wallace's part, none of which the mainstream media will call him out on.


But let's just stick with overall impressions before we get into the specifics. 'cause I haven't talked to you guys, Camille, your thoughts. Yeah, I mean, I thought overall, well first just to, to start with ov I was pretty shocked to see the story. Certainly expect, we'll see additional reporting about it. This is the kind of thing that, I mean, it is October we're supposed to get surprises like this. I will not make any sort of snide slap in the face joke, but I, I am tempted to one wonders why you, if you have this opposition research and you know that this is going to come out about the husband of the, of the person at the top of the ticket, why you don't make certain it gets out there a little earlier at a time when maybe it won't be so harmful to you.


But whatever, at any rate, maybe that's not great strategy. And that's the reason I'm not hired to run campaigns. But overall last night, I definitely thought JD did a much better job than Walz throughout. I was certainly also a bit disappointed, however, not surprised by the moderators. I'm sure we'll get into some of the specifics there with respect to their, with interesting performance and the way JD responded to it. But the thing that really most surprised me about last night is that JD and his team didn't do a, a better job of kinda preparing so that they could actually land some real body shots on Walz. The, the fact that there wasn't really any substantive conversation about his record with respect to COVID and the way that he handled the, the kind of Black Lives Matter fallout there.


Like I would've expected some sharp barbs there given what I know about JD and his previous debate responses. So that's very interesting. I think there were probably some missed opportunities there from, from this standpoint. But, so it's very, I mean, if you're someone who likes Trump, because You know, Camille looking back at it like he did a great job of being like, you had three and a half years, why didn't you do it? Why didn't you do it? But it does not seem that voters, and there's a long report out by Cook political report today suggesting the trying to tie her to all of Biden's policies thing is not working. They recognize that the VP is totally feckless in every administration except for that of George W. Bush and they're not blaming her for Biden ons and other things. So he did spend a lot of the debate doing that.


And there is reason to question whether that was the best strategy as opposed to tying her and Tim Walz to the far, far left and continuously bringing up their far, far left policies and behaviors like him giving the rioters a chance to burn things down before he sent in the National Guard that. So that is a very interesting point. I think he did it because one of his main goals was to be likable. Yeah. You know, to rehabilitate his image in the minds of those suburban women who the GOP has lost to show them you like me, and the answer to get you to like me is not to beat up on the guy who he may be 60, but let's face it, he looks like he's in his seventies who's got this sort of shucky nature.


Right. That's just gonna make you dislike me more. Keep going. Yeah. Well, I mean, I think it's entirely possible to thread the needle there. Like you can be respectful. You can say, look, I think he's a good man, he's got a family he cares about as they did throughout the night, but we absolutely have to talk about his record. The n the most important job when you are the executive of a country or a state, is to ensure the wellbeing and security of the citizens who voted you into office. And when Tim Walz had his backup against the wall during admittedly exceptionally difficult times, extraordinarily diff, extraordinarily difficult times in the midst of COVID, he froze. He didn't do what he ought to have done. He took too long to deploy the National Guard as a result, not on the first night.


On the second night you've got a police station being burnt down. You've got him continuing even to this day to, to kind of shuck and jive and, and suggest that other people are somehow mostly responsible for this in real time. He got it wrong and in retrospect it's clear that he got it wrong and he needs to answer for that. If he wants to ascend to some higher office, I think you can do that while being respectful. And again, I just think it was a real missed opportunity from their standpoint. Look, the VP debate is only going to matter so much, but you've got an opportunity to make the other guy really, really screw things up. And apart from Walz just kind of putting his own foot in his mouth, I just did not see enough from, from JD last night in that respect.


But I did think Moynihan JD was like a surgeon cutting with precision into the bullshit being offered by Tim Walz. And one of my favorite moments was when he described Tim Wall's law that repealed a law that requires the care of infants born alive after botched abortions. There was a law in the book since 2015 in Minnesota that said if a baby's born alive after botched abortions, which horrifically happens more than you would think, the law said, you must provide lifesaving care to the baby. And Tim Walz repealed that law and changed it to just comfort care.


You, you can, you can let the baby die. You do not need to save that baby's life or do anything to try. And Vance raised it, Walz denied that he had done it, and JD looked at him and said, what? That I said is incorrect. We have that moment, you guys, I think we have this, let's watch. Its five, You're, you're free to disagree with me on this and explain this to me. But as I read the Minnesota law that you signed into, into, into, into law the statute that you signed into law, it says that a doctor who presides over an abortion where the baby survives the doctor is under no obligation to provide life-saving care to a baby who survives a botched late term abortion.


That is, I think whether true, whether your pro-choice or pro-abortion, that's not, that is fundamentally barbaric. These are women's decisions to make about their healthcare decisions. And the physicians who know best when they need to do this trying to distort the way a law is written to try and make a point, that's not it at all. What Was I wrong about Governor? I, please tell me what was That wrong about? That is not the way the law is written. Look, I, I've given this, but how I've given this advice on a lot of things that getting involved, getting against, that's been misread And. it was fact checked at the last debate. But the point on this is, is there's a continuation of these guys to try and tell women or to get involved. What, okay, so he tried to say, it's not true. I didn't do the thing you're saying.


And then when Walz was like, well, what specifically is not true? Walz is a lawyer, sorry, Vance. Vance Vance is a lawyer, Walz is not. So Vance is looking at Walz saying, what, what about my assertion is incorrect? And Wall's response was, it was fact checked at the a BC debate. This is the moment to which he was referring. Watch Her vice presidential pick says abortion in the ninth month is absolutely fine. He also says, execution after birth, it's execution. No longer abortion because the baby is born is okay. There is no state in this country where it is legal to kill a baby after it's born Trying to distort the way a law is written to try and make a point.


That's not it at all. What Was I wrong about Governor? I, please tell me what was that Wrong about? That is not the way the law is written. Look, I, I've given this, but how I've given this advice on a lot of things that getting involved, getting against, that's been misread And. it was fact checked at the last debate, Just utterly dishonest because that fact check completely ignored that it is legal to let an infant die on the table after you attempted to kill it in the womb But it nonetheless survived. That's thanks to Tim Walz. And by the way, we pulled the stats from 2015 to 2023, which was the date Tim Walz repealed the law requiring lifesaving care.


24 babies were born alive in Minnesota after an attempted abortion. Think of how horrific that is. This mother goes in, I, and forgive me, I'm trying to do this without passing explicit judgment on abortion, but she goes in to kill her baby. This is, these are late term pregnancies. The baby nonetheless is birthed And it lived, it survived the attempt to kill it in its mother's womb. And then she attempts to kill it again. She lets it suffer to death there on the table and the doctors don't have to intervene. And so 24 were born alive after an attempted abortion between 15 and 23.


They were required to try to save the baby during that period. Some most died. And then as of Tim Wall's repeal of that law in 23, we don't know how many times this happened because he removed the reporting requirement. He said, you don't have to save their lives and you don't have to tell us when this happens. That those are the facts. Moynihan, that's just an overview on the fact check and a and an insight into some one of the dynamics. He was allowed to get away with this. There was no attempted fact check of course by the CBS moderators on that. They only had them in pocket for JD Vance. I mean, look, you know, Matt mentioned earlier that the worst moment for Vance was on the 2020 election and that was because Tim Waltz turned to him and asked him a question.


And this incredibly bad moment for Waltz is when JD Vance turns to him and asks him a question, which I cannot believe he wasn't prepared for. I mean that and the Tieman thing, which I suspect we'll get to, but that tells you a lot about the moderators by the way. You have the two kind of most impactful for me moments in that debate is when the two candidates are allowed to interact with one another and ask them pointed questions. I mean, and Camille is right too. That why, you know, I would love for JD Vance and I think I know why he was doing this. You know, keep in mind that the whole strategy, this completely insane bizarro, please fire your political consultant strategy was to paint him as a weirdo.


Do you remember this? He's a weirdo. It's like Wallace's. Yeah. That was, You know, we, we have this, so he did this on Jen Psaki show before he was selected as her running mate. And this was apparently what dazzled Kamala so much she chose him. Here it is. And then I'll let you take it. These are, these are weird people on the other side. They wanna take books away. They want to be in your exam room. That's, that's what it comes down to. And don't, you know, get sugarcoating this. These are weird ideas. Listen to them speak, listen now. They talk about things. Listen to how your previous guests were. Right. Like you said, they've told them that they shouldn't talk about race, they can't help it. It is built into their DNA. Yeah, because there is no plan. Go ahead. I just wanna say that Jen Psaki is a real crackerjack question.


Just is really good at it. Weird when you hire Biden's press spokesman. Anyway, I will, I will say this that that whole weird thing, I mean obviously Vance's response to that last night was to be incredibly normal And it incredibly relatable. Which I think is what he is when he's talking about policy. If you throw the guy into a donut shop and do the, you know, political thing where you have to like press flesh, maybe he's not great at that, but I honestly could. He's the opposite of Trump in that way. Moynihan, right? He's the opposite Of Trump. Trump in that way. In almost, yeah. Trump trump's not as great at the policy or the debates. No, but he's amazing in the one-on-one and real people settings. Yes, he's absolutely fantastic.


And this is the yin and the yang thing here. They balance each other out wonderfully in that sense that he decided to play it nice. I saw a lot of people and people that I know saying, you know, really should have pushed him on a lot of this stuff. And he was being too nice and saying, you know, we agree on this. We great But. it was actually a nice breath of fresh air in some ways. But I will say, I wanna go back quickly to the Doug Emh H thing. 'cause I read that this morning when I was on my way into the city and you know, the same caveats, three people unnamed, it just dropped. I have no idea if this is true, but that's not what I'm interested in. What I'm interested in is the exact same thing that happened with Hunter Biden.


People say, hunter Biden's not running for president. You know, in a way I'm not interested in that either. What I'm interested in is the fact that the president's son and you know, the vice president's son and the vice president had Ukraine in his portfolio all of a sudden gets a job for an extraordinary amount of money that he is not qualified for. Doesn't pick your interest at all. Literally. Not at all. That's incredible to me. This is the same thing that I, I'm not gonna predict the future. I have no idea if there people will come back on this But. it strikes me it's the same thing that so many feminists did with Bill Clinton, who apologized for it afterwards and defended at the time, said, well, you know, he's our guy. We, we don't really care what he does as long as he protects, you know, Roe v Wade, et cetera.


This moff thing is, for me, a media test And it is a relevant issue. It, I mean, particularly when you have this Jonathan Capehart and these people at the Washington Post saying, this is the form of masculinity that we should all aspire to. Well, if it's true that he is beating up women, I would su su suggest that it's not at all. Right. And this is, you know, the whole thing drives me crazy from the media perspective. And again, I don't know if it's true and I'm, I'm giving him, you know, the benefit of the doubt on this, but that should be investigated. I'm to people not, and it's incredible that it hasn't been, I'm offering the appropriate caveats for this point in a story, but I'm not giving him the benefit of the doubt.


I'm not, he doesn't deserve it. He banged the nanny while he was married and then either aborted the child or now this report by the Daily Mail suggests maybe there was a miscarriage of the child and they tracked down the original affair, partner the nanny, and got her on camera. And she is reportedly saying that he paid her 80 grand to go away and keep her mouth shut. But that according to friends, she had a miscarriage and she blamed him. And we don't know why she blamed him for the miscarriage, but they're also reporting in the Daily Mail that she called emergency services to her house, possibly including cops at one point during the pregnancy.


And what was there, I mean, an enterprise, an enterprising media would want to know if this were somebody with a last name Trump or Vance, they would go figure out immediately what they had on their hands and, and a democrat party that hadn't committed a coup and just decided at the top levels who was gonna be the new candidate might have done OPO research on those they were considering to make sure there were, weren't these kinds of skeletons in the closet of the person who would be the very first, first gentleman in the White House in US history. Because you know, they're always talking about how Trump's a bad role model and you know, this isn't somebody who our kids can look up to.


How about do they care that we're about to elevate as the first gentleman, somebody who cheats on his wife, impregnates the nanny, abandons his responsibility toward her according to these reports and actually might be a woman beater. Do they, do they care? Because I care a little. I I actually do, I think call me crazy. It's even more controversial than Donnell Trump sounding like a complete asshole on that Access Hollywood bus. Am I wrong? I don't know. Donnell Trump's running for president and was the president, so I'm gonna elevate what happens to the actual candidates over what the candidates spouses have done in the past or what the contents of their bad, bad personal lives are.


You know, I I I think that Donnell Trump's life has been vetted a lot and I think people have made the rational or whatever they've rationalized to themselves, how much they care about it and how much they don't And it tends to match up with their, I get it, political Priors. But if he's a woman beater, it's a huge deal's. It's bigger. That's a Big than Trump Saying, I like to grab women Again. I mean, beating a woman is, is worse than like two guys in a room. Like one of them smacked someone's around so hard that their head turned right according to the people and the other one made a braggadocious claim while in having an interview or even off a interview or whatever of those two actions without a question, smacking someone in the face is the worst thing.


He's also not running for President Trump is. So that's, that's where my mind like, like I get it. I get it. Tries to wait. He's not on the ticket. Those Things. I do want to pick up on, on the thing that you just said though ahead, which is you mentioned the sort of democratic coup to elevate Kamala Harris because I think that speaks to a media bias element that was perpetuated again, that's been ongoing for two months now plus with Kamala Harris, which is that we still have not heard anything about her performance as vice president when the president was shown to be too old and too cognitively impaired to do his job. And here's the way that you do that.


Okay, so in it's perfectly rational and correct to ask JD Vance, I saw some conservatives try to say to us like, oh, we're we're tired of hearing about January 6th. No, dude, you gotta ask that question because it's the Mike Pence question. What would you do if you're Mike Pence and how might that play out in the future? That's totally, and that you, that's ask both candidates that, but you can also ask both candidates because it might come up, what would you do if your president, the guy at the top of the ticket or woman at the top of the ticket is shown to be impaired in a way that has happened a couple of times in American history, including right now, including with the person who's running for president was being vice president and throwing Robert Hur under the bus saying that what he did was, that's quite clever, obviously politically and right.


I mean what would you do and how, how would You, it's very clever if they, if they asked it of JD because he's got a nearly 80-year-old boss. Correct. And then they turn to Tim Walz and say, what's the obligation of a vice president when the person above them has become mentally infirm? 'cause it, it's, and also a total obvious, you know, equal question, but implies her implicates And also just, it, it, how would you evaluate what she did in that moment? She hasn't been asked that question. It's been two plus months that she's been the candidate. Somehow she has not been asked that question. The somehow is that she's only done one, one-on-one interview with Stephanie Rule. And I think the last question with that was, can we trust you And the first person about Oprah.


Oprah, you don't count. You don't count Oprah. Are you amazing with the journalist even more than I Think. Yeah. I mean, she hasn't been asked that question, which is amazing. And that leads to another quick thing, which is that you saw last night the difference between someone who's been answering questions and someone who is not. Yeah, that's right. JD Vance got his reps in Walz did not, Walz was scared. He was sped up. He's seen Bumbles coked up super like nervous and un he seemed, seemed Matt Welch says Walz is doing Coke. He acted if he was, he's not doing Coke, he was on IBO game. We know this, but like, yeah, you see the difference of it. And this is, and this is a point again, the band sort of made at the end like, oh, how can they talk about democracy?


This is his deflection about January 6th when they are really bad on censorship, which they are. And part of the, the not only just being bad on censorship, but if you really care about democracy, you subject yourself to scrutiny. They have not. And like the little bit of scrutiny that the moderators a added last night, which I appreciated actually when they went straight in for the Tiananmen square question and didn't give him the off ramp on it. Just like, what were you doing dude? Yeah. And did you know something similar to Vance about the Trump Hitler quote too? That was fine. He was absolutely trapped. He was a deer in the headlights. You've got to subject yourself to scrutiny. They haven't, they think that they can waltz into the White House without taking questions.


And that's just in the front. Yeah. Let me just show, let me just show 'cause you're exactly right in the dynamic and you could tell Walz was unsteady on his feet. Here is part of his very first answer. They kicked off the debate by going to him and the question was basically as follows, Iran launched his largest attack yet on Israel, blah, blah, blah. Would you support or opposed a preemptive strike by Israel on Iran? And here's Tim Walz, Governor Walz, if you were the final voice in the situation room, would you support or oppose a preemptive strike by Israel on Iran? You have two minutes.


Well Thank you and thank you for those joining home tonight. Let's keep in mind where this started. October 7th, Hama terrorists massacred over 1400 Israelis and took prisoners. Iran. Our I Israel's ability to be able to defend itself is absolutely fundamental. Getting its hostages back fundamental and ending the humanitarian crisis in Gaza. But the expansion of Israel and its proxies is an absolute fundamental necessity for the United States. Have the steady leadership there. You saw it experience today where along with our Israeli partners and our coalition able to stop the incoming attack.


But what's fundamental here is that steady leadership fundamental is gonna matter. Four fundamentals and two confusing saying Israel, when you meant Iran, not not ideal. May I remind you of Donnell Trump's first tweet when she chose him. Thank you. That was just, I mean, he did seem unsteady. And that's the thing because one of the goals when you get out there, Camille, is to try to project, don't worry if anything happens at the top, I can do this job. And at no point last night did Tim Walz convey that. Yeah, for, for a moment there I almost thought, you know, he's gonna get into the thing like pull out the little board and start drawing up a play.


Like, this is what you do, this is how you do it. It's Coach Walz ready to go. It's just, he, he was not, he was not even prepared for this moment on so many different levels. But I I do think like he was just off to a shaky start there. And I I was hoping that he meant Iran and its proxies as opposed to Israel. Yeah. And its proxies. He just clearly, clearly, clearly out of his depth last night. And he, and look, he's had better moments. Some of his speeches have been great, some of his, some of the, the various campaign events he's had these just really energetic performances I gave, he's like his boss compliments for his DNC performance. But those are not hostile interrogations. And to the extent yeah, debates matter at all, it is that they give you a sense of what these people might be like under pressure.


And I think Kamala Harris comported ourselves much better than her counterpart had did last night. But certainly when she's been in these interview contexts, even when they're not particularly hostile interviews, she has not been great. And Walz last night was not great. So I think in both instances they, they've kind of taken a bit of an l there. And how much will this matter to the American people eventually? How much does this factor into the actual election? I don't know. But But it, that Cook of political report out today says what it talking about, nothing's mattered, nothing's changed. The numbers that debate between Trump and Harris did not change the numbers, the endorsements by Taylor Swift, whatever Elon Musk did not change the numbers. Nothing's changing the numbers. They're as tight as tight could be.


I do wanna spend a little minute, a minute or two Moynihan on that. The moment where he got confronted about his lie about being in China when Tiananmen Square happened. You think he Was in a, and he was standing in, in front of the tech bravely. He was, he he was the man with the, with DS tanker. He was the man with the van. I mean, you have to ask with Wallace, which side was he on? Which was he with the Chinese? He loves the Chinese so very much. Wow. So he said he was over there. It happened in the spring of 89 And, it was in the spring. And he did not go over there until August. Which as the audience may know, is not spring by anyone's estimation.


And it was part of a pattern of dishonesty by this guy. So to their credit, they raised it yesterday. I would've styled it even tougher, to be honest with you. I would've raised the series of lies he's told. But okay, fine, I'll take what I can get. And. it was a meltdown. I mean it was like a malfunction. That's what I thought I was wi witnessing. Let's play the soundbite And to the folks out there who didn't get at the top of this, look, I, I grew up in small rural Nebraska, town of 400 town that you rode your bike with your buddies till the street lights come on. And I'm proud of that service. I joined the National Guard at 17, worked on family farms and then I used the GI Bill to become a teacher. Passion. What Does this Have to do?


A young teacher with your life? My first year out, I got the opportunity in the summer of 89 to travel to China 35 years ago, be able to do that. I came back home and then started a program to take young people there. We would take basketball teams, we would take baseball teams, we would take dancers and we would go back and forth to China. The issue for that, why did you like, was to try and learn. Now look, my community knows who I am. They saw where I was at. They look, I, I will be the first to tell you I have poured my heart into my community. I've tried to do the best I can, but I've not been perfect. And I'm a knucklehead at times, but it's always been about that. Whoa, It's so Bad. Watch, Watch Mark. Governor, just to follow up on that, the, the question was, can you explain the discrepancy?


No, just all I said on this was is I got there that summer and misspoke on this. So I I will just, that's what I've said. So I was in Hong Kong and China during the democracy protest went in. And from that I learned a lot of what needed to be in, in governance. Hmm. Thank you Governor. Geez. Oh Man. What he said earlier, it was a disaster. But just so you know, according to the reporting, Walz described being in Hong Kong in May, 1989. Didn't go till August during the student uprising that culminated in the Tiananmen Square massacre.


An assertion that is belied by newspaper accounts at the time, quote, as the events were unfolding, several of us went in wall said at a 2014 hearing, commemorating the massacres 25th anniversary. I still remember the train station in Hong Kong. Several of us went in as the events were unfolding. What again, it's, it's like the Hillary Clinton Bosnia moment that as she could feel the bullets licking her hair as they shot past Moynihan. It's like these are lies that he did not go in anywhere. He was sitting his ass in the Midwest.


He did not go from months after the massacre. Yes. I mean weirdly habitual liars become politicians. Shocking. Yeah, I I have to say not prepared for that answer. I wasn't as a listener prepared for his answer. I was driving last night and I almost had to pull over during this because you know this, I know this is coming. And by the way to point out, he has said this multiple times, multiple times that he was in China, he was in Hong Kong. Hong Kong by the way, in 89 was not a part of China. It was nine six, it went back to China. But his response, which is like, I mean who in America?


'cause his response is like, you know, I was at Lake Minnetonka playing hockey one time and it's like, dude, no seriously, you're gonna be the vice president. No, were you, He, he grew up in a neighborhood where they rode their bikes until the street lights went on. Who gives a shit? So did I, that doesn't make me qualified to be vice president. No one cares. The Chinese didn't have the streetlights or something, I dunno where, but I love the best bit was I kept on waiting for him to get to the, you know, studied denial that they'd previ that presumably gone over a million times. And he then says, we brought dancers and I was party with me. Whatcha talking about?


I mean, it was unbelievable. That's the one thing that I knew that he, he should expect. I mean Doug Emh is like the least of, I mean Matt, by the way, I just wanna point out I do a, a a a podcast with Matt Welch and I do wanna distance myself from a Doug Emh h apologist like Matt. And I know that he has been having a relationship with his own nanny a lot. But let's not, I don't want oau Pair is different. We, we've gone over this open, Open hand slaps only open hand slaps only. Yes. That was Camille. Can we just watch, I think we need to replay re you guys replay that second part of the Tim Walz answer on the tieman thing where Megan peter's out at the end.


'cause I'll tell you, you know what it had to me, forgive me But, it had Ron DeSantis weird smile vibes didn't it? At the end, like where you're like, and I don't forget to smile. Okay, just watch Governor, just to follow up on that. The question was can you explain the discrepancy? No, just all I said on this was is I got there that summer and misspoke on this. So I I will just, that's what I've said. So I was in there It is, There it is. Hong Kong and China during the democracy protest went in. And from that I learned a lot of what needed to be in, in governance. Thank you Governor. I wish I had stopped speaking two sentences ago.


That's What he was Trying. I love the formulation, which he did in, in other places last night of, you know, what I've said is, which is a way of saying that I have you had an effective line in campaign appearances Yeah. That I wish I could translate now in a different context so that you would all understand. But maybe if I say it, it'll sound like it's past tense and it's already been FactCheck at the previous debate. So can we move on please? Have I run enough time? It is so, absolutely. And Basically where was the little gift, the gift follow up to JD Vance, like Tim Walz got after everything, like would you like to check, fact check specifically the following two claims that I just heard from your opponent, they kept giving Walz those opportunities.


That would've been a great moment to look at JD Vance and say, do you accept that? He just misspoke when he said he was at the massacre and in China when this happened, when in fact he was sitting in Nebraska or Minnesota, wherever he was at the time. Well, the JD Vans didn't get any of those opportunities. And. it would've been a great chance for JD Vance to say, no, I don't accept that because this is at least the 12th lie he's told publicly that we've caught him in and we've only known him for eight weeks. No, the mics weren't off. So JD could have pushed in there and probably should have, I mean, if I'd been there, I would've, I would've said, I know a little something about geography and I know that the distance between Beijing and Hong Kong is actually not inconsequential. I have no idea what this man is talking about. It seems like he's telling yet another self-serving lie and he should just own it.


If that is what happened, we, we can forgive you. But only if you can admit that you lied. IIII don't know why. Apologies. He Was back stateside wasn't, I think he was stateside when it happened and then traveled to China in August. So he wasn't even close. Yes, months ahead. One hand moved. Yeah. Yeah. But no, but he was at a Chinese restaurant that night, And, it was great. Had a great meal peaking. Yes, it was in Nebraska. No, I, it's the point about, about JD Vance. This is, I think the, the only thing where I thought he was, was weak was that he was being too nice. Which I think there's a lot of, a lot to be said for that. But he didn't butt in in a few places. He should have. At one point when he did change the subject and talked about free speech, he was actually talking and Tim Waltz said something when, when, when Vance was talking, and I don't know if anyone else caught this when he said something about his hatred of freedom of speech and quoted him on this saying that there is no right to misinformation or whatever the exact quote is.


Yeah. And he said, no, no, no, I'm, and this is under him talking. No, I'm talking about hate speech. Yeah. Okay. Two things about this that are incredibly important as Americans, and you know this obviously Megan as a lawyer, there is no first Amendment exception to hate speech. Full stop. We are not, thank God. We can be as hateful as we want. Yeah. I mean we can insult them. I give me a person and I'll give you some hate speech right now. Yeah. People like, yeah, they have this deranged idea and to go back one time, one more time to fire in a crowded theater that, and, and I've mentioned this a million times in the podcast, this is my favorite old saw.


That case was an abrogation of somebody's free speech rights who was opposing the first World war a socialist by the way, handing out newspapers and was arrested for it. And the court said, you can't yell fire in a crowded theater. That was someone opposing the first world war, which was a very stupid thing for America to be into in the first place in 1917. That is what the precedent. And he's saying that the hate speech. No, that's what I'm talking about. You can't say hate speech things, you know, this is kind, it would've been great to push him on that to get a sense. 'cause I think this is a real epidemic in the Democratic party these days that there are these carve outs for speech and for misinformation. And if there aren't, there certainly should be.


That's the vibe I get from a lot of these guys. Oh, I would've been, I wish I had been there And it. There was Oliver Wendell Holmes and just, actually you can, you can't, I don't believe you're a lawyer. Governor Walz, you can yell fire in a crowded theater and you can say hateful things because this is the United States of America and it's right there in amendment number one. It's one of our favorites. Was one of the founder's favorites and was one of the founding principles upon which this country was built. There's no exception for speech. Tim Walz or Kamala Harris magically deems hateful. But they've been pushing this, both of them. And a lot of democrats have for quite some time. These young Democrats on college campuses say that they want, they want, they a believe that the Constitution doesn't protect hate speech.


And those who understand that it does want a constitutional amendment that would explicitly ban it. Who do you want to decide what's hate speech? Donnell Trump, Kamala Harris. No thanks. Alright, we're gonna take a quick break. There's so much more to get to with the guys from the fifth column coming up.


It doesn't matter what state you reside in, it doesn't matter if you live in the suburbs or if your home is in a rural area. Omics has had a negative effect on many aspects of our lives. Gas has gone up an insane 51% rent is up 22%. Groceries are up 22% higher than before Mr. Biden took office. Electricity is up a whopping 32%. Some Americans are having to make tough choices now. Do they pay to fill up their gas tanks to get to work? Or do they buy their kids new school supplies? Do they pay to heat and cool their homes? Or do they buy groceries for their family? These are the very real problems omics has caused. And that's why Club for Growth is fighting for pro-growth policies that can allow our economy to flourish. Text GROW to 6 0 9 6 7 to learn more. Again, that's grow to 6 0 9 6 7.


There are some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os. Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, be hike. The bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM, the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV. Be MGM and game sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.


Speaking of leftists, misunderstanding of our constitution and what matters, we had one of the most abysmal questions of the night as the second topic. She brings up Hurricane Helene, which is a great issue. People are really suffering to this moment. And so far the response by this White House has been, I think, shameful. The fact that she was out there partying with Demi Lovato and Sterling K Brown and having her beef Wellington while people were begging for help on their rooftops drowning to death with their grandchildren is an absolute disgrace. That might've been a good question, but No, they raised it and you're thinking, okay, yes, great, here we go.


And then came the pivot mid question, not to ha, not to Hurricane Helene at all but to an Al Gore lie about why we're getting bad hurricanes. Look at this. Let's turn now to Hurricane Helene. The storm could become one of the deadliest on record. More than 160 people are dead, and hundreds more are missing. Scientists say climate change makes these hurricanes larger, stronger, and more deadly because of the historic rainfall. Senator Vance, according to CBS News, polling seven in 10 Americans, and more than 60% of Republicans under the age of 45 favor the US taking steps to try and reduce climate change.


Senator, what responsibility would the Trump administration have to try and reduce the impact of climate change? What guys, this is so absurd. I just pull, they do this every time. Every time there's a bad storm, we've gotta go to it's climate change, and the Republicans need to sign the Green New Deal because everything is, we've been having terrible hurricanes for a long, long time. A quick search suggests that if you, okay, this is from Spiked Online, and this guy Andrew Montford who writes, if you were to plot a trend over the past 30 years, you would say that if anything, hurricanes are becoming less frequent and frequent and less intense in truth.


Records of hurricane activity, like all weather and climate data are highly variable, trending up or down, or staying the same for years or decades at a time. Then flipping from one regime to another, often without apparent cause you must be extremely cautious about drawing any conclusions. And by the way, hurricanes are not causing more damage than they used to. And goes on to say that yes, this hurricane had some 140 mile per hour winds, but there was Camille in 69 with 150. There was a hurricane in 1935 that had 160, which hit the US before climate change was deemed a major concern.


What these leftists do is they use hurricanes and other natural disasters to spread fear and alarm about global warming. And he points out this practice has a long and dishonorable history. Completely agree. But th that's what we saw. I mean, what did we spend eight minutes on abortion? Did we spend eight or nine minutes on January 6th and Hurricane Helene and the suffering and the federal response, which has been piss poor so far, doesn't even get a real question. She put, pops it into a question so she can look like she asks about it, and then she buries it. Thoughts, we, We've been doing this question at presidential debates for 25 years now.


The big fire in California. What are you, what are you gonna do about climate change? In fact, you know, I almost wanna give them credit for the usual thing to ask a Republican is like, do you believe in climate change there instead of the actual, no, don't Give credit. Don't give credit, Matt, because I'm not, you saw, I I'm her pop in, not This is with a fact check, but I'm just saying you saw her pop in with a so-called fact check that no one asked for. So she comes out to say, you know, to I'll be the arbiter on climate change and how it actually is real. Hold on a second. I I flagged it after nobody up there said it wasn't real. She, Tim Walz is like Donnell Trump called it a hoax. Nobody up there said it was a hoax. And then she pops in later with, oh God, I can't find it.


But she says, yeah, I think it was some, oh, we have it scientist. Even better, let's watch her do it. The overwhelming consensus among scientists is that the Earth's climate is warming at an unprecedented rate. Margaret, Just wanna show you how strong I am and how factual I'm in all my own beliefs. Go ahead, Matt. What you, What are you even doing right there? What two things that I, I find interesting about that. One is I agree with you. I, I, this was, I think this was the worst part of the moderation of the debate because it's the second question. And it's also interestingly, I think maybe the most skilled answer that JD Vance gave, and I don't even necessarily agree with all the policy in his answer, but the way that he talked about it, it's like, okay, if you take this seriously of reducing carbon emissions, what would you do?


I think we should do this, this and the other. And, it was really, really good. Like we, I was sitting at home just like nodding along, like, I'm nodding along with JD Vance. I don't want to, but I am because he's, and he was, he was doing it kind of, kind of correctly. But this is, this is exactly what media has been doing for so long. And part of it is, and I was kinda reflecting on this with Jimmy Carter turning 100 years old, And, it seems like a weird thing to bring up at this moment, but if you think about both Carter and Reagan and the way that they approached and thought about it and talked about, and debated and disagreed about government and the role of the federal government and how that's different than the role of the States as something both of them who were both former governors should know.


They thought about this and acted on this constantly, right? They understood that there was some things that the federal government does, and there's some things that the federal government does not. They well would sometimes subject an answer to a question based on that test. Is this a proper thing for the federal government to do? Is it not? And sometimes Jim Jimmy Carter, believe it or not, said, no, that's not a proper thing that was so absent last night, especially among the moderators, which it always is. 'cause moderators and journalists in general, just like they walk around when they see a problem, they see a big do something button and want to mash it. And like, they want to like yell at you if you're not ashing it as hard as they are. But one of the problems for me last night at that IP moan as someone who prefers limited and smaller government, is that both candidates, which is true of both tickets, they kind of just took that as given, right?


Yeah, we have a childcare crisis in this country. What are you going to do about it? We have a gun epidemic. What are you going to do about it? We have this and that and the other. And JD Vance, part of his sort of Amy ability Amiability was kind of like, yes. Well, I, I agree and I think we should do something here and there, but it's also a sign of where the re Republican party is right now, which is they do wanna outbid or like compete with Democrats for saying, here's what the federal government will do to help you right now. In all cases, the question would've been good. And Megan, you're absolutely right about this to say, what should the federal government be doing right now with these people in this hurricane? Are there trade-offs that they have made that have been bad trade-offs? Should there have been this, should there have been that Trump has made some pretty strong claims.


It's been, many of them have been rebutted about the federal response. You know, there's a lot of things to talk about with that. And instead you go to this 25-year-old, we've been talking about it forever, badly and wrongly, kind of gormless question about climate change. And shout out to JD Vance for actually answering it pretty well. Here's his answer. Let's watch it. Senator, what responsibility would the Trump administration have to try and reduce the impact of climate change? I'll give you two minutes. Sure. So First of all, let's, let's start with the hurricane, because it's an unbelievable unspeakable human tragedy. I, I just saw today actually a photograph of two grandparents on a roof with a 6-year-old child And.


it was the last photograph ever taken to them because the roof collapsed and those innocent people lost their lives. And I, I'm sure Governor Waltz joins me and saying, our hearts go out to those innocent people, our prayers go out to them, and we want as robust and aggressive as a federal response as we can get. Tim Walz is nodding along. Go ahead, Mohan. Yeah, I mean, this is deeply frustrating. As Matt said, this has been the same question for 25 years. And you know, also just to add, you know, watching JD Vance and watching him, that very quick response, And, it gets much better. I mean, that was a pointed response. It it, we shouldn't be surprised by this. Everybody who does this, everybody who should be, you know, in the White House governing our lives should be good at it.


And they, and this I, we are surprised that somebody's so fluid, but this is his job and he's exceptionally good at his job. The thing that I struck me about this question, Megan, is that, you know, I know very little about the science of, of climate change, but what I do know is I know politics and I know that the Pew poll in 2024, as in every year before it has the 10 issues that concern voters most. What is the last one? The very last one is climate change. That's not to say it's not an important issue, it's the last issue. What do people who are in North Carolina, people who have been affected by this hurricane, what are they saying on social media?


If you kind of go out there and, and, and, you know, listen to people, they're like, you know, these kind of Northeastern, you know, newspapers and, and, you know, media outlets aren't paying attention to us. This should be, if this would be a bigger story, if this had hit Brooklyn. And I think that that's true. And there's nothing that kind of underscores the idea of media bias that then, you know, this coming up in the debate and you're saying, oh good, this is coming up. Our concerns are coming up. What is the federal? And then it turns to something about climate change. Yes. And you say, oh yeah, that's them, that's what they do. But one final thing is what Matt said, which is the thing that drove me crazy last night, and this is to, to knock both of them, is that I come from a different era.


I come from different politics. I am o obviously, as your listeners know and listeners IV calm, know we're all more libertarian in our economic outlook. And the buddy cop film that we saw last night of is because there is no version of the Republican Party that is free market oriented. And as Matt says, it's like, you know, we have to solve childcare. What is, what is your administration gonna do, And? it was like, yeah, that's a great idea. We can spend on this, we can spend on this. That that agreement was that there's so little daylight between democratic and Republican economic policy these days that it really bums me out, to be honest.


Yeah, Yeah. No, this today's Republican party does not share the Reagan, the scariest nine words in the English language are I'm from the government and I'm here to help. They do not share that at all. I don't know. So yes, you're right. Climate change consistently rings at the bottom of what viewers or voters care about. And yet there it was up high in the, in the play at the, at the debate and immigration is consistently 1, 2, 3 at the lowest on what they care about. And that one got rolling, and as soon as it got rolling, she shut it down. Margaret Brennan, who was absolutely terrible last night, not only, I'm sorry, she looked like she was stuck in 1992.


I'd like just the whole look, the fashion, the makeup, I don't make that face of me mackwell. She know it's true. I I am I I'm just the only one with the guts to say it. And, but she, she gets out there and just as it starts to roll and they start to fight on immigration in a way that's really good, like JD is bringing up the specifics of what Biden Harris have done with this app that lets illegals come into the country, quote legally. But it's all a sleigh of hand. The CBS actually cut his mic. It was egregious. Let me tell you somebody, this is something, as a moderator who has tried to herd these cats on the stage, many times, I'm not opposed to cutting a mic if things have gotten totally out of hand.


However, I do believe that a strong moderator can stop that. And I think I have a history that proves that there is a way of communicating with the guys on the stage where you can let them know, I will give you a chance on this standby, let this person finish. You be quiet right now. I'm coming to you. Or now we're done. Right? And she couldn't do it. She's afraid. And she's, she doesn't moderate live debates like that all the time where she doesn't just read her pre-written questions. However, you only cut the mics when now it's past the point of usefulness and they're just talking over each other and they've had their fair say, and now it's just a waste of the viewers' time. That's when you say, I'm cutting the mics and we're moving forward. This was getting to the meat of it. This was right at the heart of what Biden Harris has done, and JD Waltz was, JD Vance was moving in for the kill.


I mean, he was about to strike body blows. And that's when CBS shut it down, even though immigration is so highly ranked compared to climate change, which isn't, watch To clarify for our viewers, Springfield, Ohio does have a large number of Haitian migrants who have status fact temporary protected status. Well, Mar Mar Margaret, but Thank you Senator. We have so much to get to Margaret. I I think it's important because We're gonna turn out the economy. Thank you, Margaret. The, the, the rules were that you guys, the economy are gonna fact check. And since you're fact checking me, I think it's important to say what's actually going on. So there's an application called the CBP one app where you can go on as an illegal migrant, apply for asylum or apply for parole and be granted legal status at the wave of a Kamala Harris open border wand.


That is not a person coming in applying for a green card and waiting for 10 years. That is the Thank you senator Facilitation of illegal immigration. Margaret, by our own thank Thank you Senator for describing the legal process. We have so much to get to Senator. That's Laws have Been on the books since 1990. Thank you gentlemen. We wanna have, APP has not been on the books. It's since 1990. It's something that Kamala Harris created. Margaret. Gentlemen, you're the audience. Can't hear you because your mics are cut. We have so much we wanna get to. Thank you for explaining the legal process, Nora. Oh my God. It's infuriating. Now you have both candidates telling you they wanna fight on this. They wanna engage. They're the ones running for office, not you, Margaret Brennan.


And she did that time and time. We have so much to get to. I would've said they just cut your mics, turn their mics back on, turn his mic back on Mr. Vance, you have 30 seconds, Mr. Waltz. You'll have 30 after that go. Yep. That was, there's a reason Camille, they stepped in there. I mean, it's also just bad tv. Like, I want to see them have that conversation. Yes. And I thought, I thought it multiple times last night. Like these debates. It's, it's interesting. There, there are ways in which these things are important also, it's really outmoded in, in the era of Joe Rogan. Yep. When folks are tuning into three hours of conversation, I wanna see these people have discussions with one another.


Someone who is competent there to help shepherd things and make certain that the, the conversation is going someplace and not getting horribly circular and obnoxious. But this was exactly an opportunity for them to really dig into the issues and have some kind of substantive exchange. They were both interested in having that engagement and, and her, at a moment when she's been called out for breaking the rules that her own network has established here, rules that I suspect they're breaking because in f well I actually, I won't get into that part, but after being called out for that, then to kind of obnoxiously nod and, and sort of grin like your mics have been cut. Nobody can hear what you're saying anyways. That why, why can they hear what you're saying?


This isn't about you performing and had you not interjected in the way that you did, none of this would've transpired at all. They would've just continued on. But yeah, a huge missed opportunity for CBS and, and for the networks in general. I think we've talked about this a couple of times now after these debates, but we definitely need more formats for candidates to interact with one another in, with journalists as well, like actually competent journalists so that the American people can have a better se a a better opportunity to assess the caliber of the people who are running for the highest offices in the country. It was amazing to, to clarify for our viewers, Springfield, Ohio does have a large number of Haitian migrants who have legal status.


She was trying to correct what, what JD Vance had said. 'cause he said, we have, we brought in millions of illegal immigrants to compete with Americans for scarce homes. And he was talking about Springfield, Ohio. So she was trying to correct him saying These are legal migrants. And he was trying to respond, saying, let me fact check your fact check Madam, because this is my home state. I'm a senator from there. And I know exactly how the Haitian migrants got there. These are not the kind of legal migrants who wait for years to get their green card and so on. They were given this fast pass thanks to this app that Biden Harris put in place.


And then Tim Walz jumps in to say, that's been there since 1990. And JD Vance was saying, absolutely not. No, it hasn't. We all remember when they put that in place a couple years ago, it was supposed to solve this problem. It only added to it. And she refused to let him correct Tim Walz. She falsely corrected him. Tim Walsh jumps in JD Vance now tries to correct him Walz, but he's not allowed to. And she kicked this whole thing off. She kicked it the whole thing off Margaret Brennan by saying the crisis at the US Mexico border consistently ranks as one of the top issues for American voters. So then let them talk about it.


There's a reason they didn't want to guys. And it's the same reason that according to the Media Research Center, 84% of the coverage on CBS evening news, every weeknight and every weekend has been positive when talking about Kamala Harris, when talking about Donnell Trump, 79% has been negative. Literally almost the exact same figure. Only reverse on the positivity and the negativity. They're in the tank for Team Blue. And it's outrageous. I you, your blood must boil. I know we're used to it. It's not okay to be used to it. And this is the three major networks too.


Let's keep in mind, as we've mentioned before on this program, that it's about the last bastions of places that have truly mixed audiences. The nightly newscasts on the old timing networks, CBS, NBC and A BC. So you would think that given that, that it should have the people who work there have a certain type of sensibility that understands that, that respects that. And that that respect then will be reflected in the way that they kind of deal with both candidates and also the people who support their candidates. I suspect maybe less than kind of an instrumental sense of like, we want to make sure that the Democrats do well here.


I suspect this is only, you know, we can only can't guess what's inside human hearts. There's an industry media pressure specifically around when you're platforming, you know, Republicans and, and people who, with any kind of adjacency to Donnell trump the, it's very, very strong internal media pressure to say you must fact check. There was an entire meta debate going into this debate among journalists saying like, oh my God, they're not gonna do fact checks. They have to do fact checks. But there's so many journalists who think that a, b, C did a good job last time with its absolutely very, very loaded. One-sided kind of fact check and follow ups towards Donnell Trump as compared to Kamala Harris.


Though it should be pointed out as we did when we were on with you earlier, after the Donnell Trump debate. Like, that shouldn't be an excuse. JD Vance didn't have to, you know, lean on that excuse to not win the debate. He won the debate despite that. All of that. And the, I think there's a way a skilled debater can come up with that But. it is. I I think that they, they are sitting there, especially on issues related to immigration. They're ready to jump in with that fact check. 'cause they have this sort of in, in internal pressure of like, oh no, he's gonna do the lies. And it's a lie that could actually hurt people. There've been, you know, schools have been closed in Springfield. It's a very emotional topic, but a journalist, I think the journalistic sensibility in my, in my view should be, especially with immigration, and that's an issue that I disagree with JD Vance on a lot, right?


But especially immigration is hellishly complicated. That is exactly when you let them go back and forth. Well actually this law came in 1990. Well actually it did this, it did this. Talk about it because most people don't understand the overlapping rules that go with that and the interpretations of those rules and how that's created this loophole here and this pressure there. It is really, really complicated. So you do a service to reviewers. If you let those debates go out, And, it wasn't as if they were sitting there and just hurling racial epithets at one another. It was a, a, a disagreement about policy. That's what we, we should want to see. I think in these kind Of, it was totally substantive. Yes, I agree. But what we heard from Margaret Brennan all night long was we have so much to get to.


We have. So in fact, we have a bit of that watch. So 10 Super cut Gentlemen, we have a lot to get to Nora, but, but thank you Senator. We have so much to get to Morgan. We have have so much to get. Senator, the audience can't hear you because your mics are cut. We have so much we wanna get to, we have a lot to get to ahead gentlemen on many topics. Oh my God, she's so irritating. It's very, very irritating. Right? I mean, Megan, I Know we have one of my irritants about watching these debates has been like the need by these moderators. I mean the women in particular to try to be like total humorless ball busters.


You know, like we saw the Lindsay Davis clip. Like there are no states in the union in which they are executing the babies at at all. And then you see, you know, Margaret, but we have so much to get to, or Nora O'Donnell with the, all the scientists agree that climate change is real and the earth is overheating. And then you had Dana Bash at the first debate with like, I mean, she was actually the worst. Her face never moved from the, like the Mr. Vice president, Mr. President, former President Trump. Like, I don't understand why these women don't, th they think that being taken seriously requires nothing but seriousness. Even if it feels false and affected.


You can smile, you can show warmth, you can have a sense of humor where the situation calls for it. It's an utter fail that they, maybe they don't have personalities. I don't know these people personally. Maybe they really are just this way in real life. Truly. They, they might have no personality. Maybe that's what I'm stumbling into. I mean, I will say the one time I met Nora O'Donnell in person, we were at one of those like radio and television correspondent dinners and we were in the gowns and kind of walked next to each other and we shook hands and she shook my, she shook my hand like she was Arnold Schwarzenegger Sherif It and she shook it so hard. And I was like, I hate to tell you, but you are communicating exactly the opposite of the message you want me to receive.


Right? Everything you're telling me is that you're insecure. It's not working like you, I think you're trying to project strength and you're doing the, and that's exactly what that does. I am humorless and I will play right into the stereotypes of the uptight left wing, nasty woman, right? Like, just fucking have a sense of humor. Let a little smile out. Like go. It's just painful. The handshake of somebody who, who sleeps with their nanny. I, I'm, That would stress you out. I am the jug AMH here. I'm the new man. So I am not gonna comment on these ladies at all in, because you know, it's, I don't wanna give you my hyper macho response But, it matches.


It's A toxically masculine response. I, I mean I am toxic for a lot of reasons. Masculinity is not one of them. But Matt, Matt Matt's point is right. And I don't you don't know after being in the media for so long, if these people are actually rooting for a particular candidate, sometimes they're, sometimes they're not But. it is so internal. It was the thing that happened in disappeared during the Trump years, though without evidence thing that I always bring up that, you know, little parenthetical in every article, Donnell Trump said, without evidence, politicians say things without evidence all the time. And that disappeared when Donnell Trump disappeared from the White House. And the reason I think that is important is because it's not really about whether or not Donnell Trump saying something is true or saying the lie or JD Vance saying something that's true.


It's about kind of signaling to the people within your cohort that you ask the question. You have to make sure to push back. It's not about, you know, the people who are watching and those are the people that matter, right? Because they pay your bills and they're the voters. It's really about positioning themselves. Right? And I think that if, if JD Vance can be upset about maybe AI taking our jobs and industrial policy coming back to the United States, I think that the job of the two women we saw last night could be done by chat GPT in a much better way. Yeah. And I'm not even joking, I'm, I think that You're 100% percent Rightsource those jobs's right?


To a super computer that can beat Gary Kaper chess and give us a good debate. It Takes a human, it's, it's like when you, you know, whatever you get to the airport, you know, I, I think I've told the audience this happened to us, but we were at the airport and my 11-year-old daughter had a bottle, an unopened bottle. It was like brand new of Johnson's baby shampoo. And the security TSA took it, it was like, okay, it's Johnson's baby shampoo. You, you can see that this is a child. Like, they're like, Nope, it's above four ounces. You know, it was like six ounces, whatever it was. I was like, can you really, can we, I know the rule, but this is ridiculous. And this is on the second leg of our journey.


So like the other airport had no problem with it. But now you get to the extra, you know, it's like the policy. I know the policy, but like you're a human. So the reason they have humans here, instead of AI or monkeys is because we have judgment. We can exercise discretion. And you can, like, this is really, of course they took the bottle of course. So it's just, if you're not going to exercise any discretion, if you're not gonna say, oh wait, this is actually getting good. It's heating up. It's not just television, it's broadcast television. There's a broadcast piece to what we're doing. This is entertaining. Let it fly then why have a human there at all? Yeah. Why not let the computer just run it and read whatever questions chat GPT comes up with.


It's a complete frustration. But I wanted to pivot to this on the subject of media bias. 'cause that's kind of where we are in the news yesterday was the fact that 60 Minutes is going to be platforming drink. Not both candidates. Kamala Harris and not Donnell Trump. Trump was invited but said no. And now sixties getting indignant. You know, like we offered it to both for many, many years. We had both candidates come on shortly before the election. We've profiled them both and asked tough questions and into this unprecedented move, Donnell Trump, after they claim he said yes, has now said no. Steve Chung, who speaks on behalf of the Trump campaign come out and said, that's fake news.


We did not actually agree. We had discussions, but we didn't agree and we're not going to agree, we're not gonna go on. And I gotta say, I think this is the right move by Donnell Trump because who could forget when he did this the last time he was taken outta context, he was sliced and diced by Leslie Stahl in her interview, but he taped it on his own as well. So he had his own recording of the interview and then he released it, including this unbelievable clip about the Hunter Biden laptop watch. It's this, I think it's one of the biggest scandals I've ever seen. And you don't cover it.


You want to talk about, well, because it can't be verified telling you, you wanna talk about insignificant things. I'm telling you, of course it can be verified. Excuse me, they found the laptop. Leslie. Leslie, we can't be verified what Can't be verified the laptop. Why do you say that? Because even the family hasn't the family on the laptop, he's gone into hiding for five days. He's gone into hiding. He's preparing for your debate. Oh, it's taken him five days to prepare. I doubt it. I doubt it. Okay. At that very moment, the FBI had in its con, in its possession the laptop and had had it for a year and had verified it. And that same FBI would later take the stand in the Hunter Biden trial and testify that it was absolutely verified.


It was Hunter Biden's. It was not Russian disinformation. It's, it was, it was then and is now and has since been verifiable and verified. And CBS News has never apologized for that to Donnell. Trump has never owned that as a mistake they made on their flagship program. So why should he go on? Why should Trump give them the ratings and the opportunity to lie and mislead again? Because it would be fun. I mean, it'd be good. Tell fun For us. It's fun for us. I have said in every contentious interview I've ever done, or with a person who didn't really want to do it, and then I convince them.


I always tell people, you can tape it yourself too. I don't own your words. I mean, you tape it, you just, please don't, you know, be nice and don't broadcast it. And they did that and this is exactly why you do that. But I would say, look, I mean, first of all, on the laptop, I'm sorry to be, you know, flogging a dead horse here, But, it was the most easily verifiable thing in the planet just by taking those emails, random emails and asking people if they sent them, did you send this email? Did you get this? Did you send this? There you Go. That's it. That's it. It's verified on top of the fact that the FBI had had it for, for a year and had verified it before. But, you know, I don't think that he should back out of this because Donnell Trump as a showman, not as a debater.


I think he's a terrible debater. I think as a showman like in that exchange, I mean he was very, very good in that exchange. Just hammering her. You, you know, you can't verify it. And she's like, no, no. Yeah. And he keeps going at her. He's very, very good at that. Make your own TV out of it. Release the clips later and just go in there and say, this is got what you guys do to people. This is what you did to me last time. You gonna do it to me again? Try to do it to me right now. Just go in there and play with them. There's no harm in doing it. I I would. Okay, but is there harm? Is there, okay, I don't think, let me, let me ask you about this because I referenced it a couple times already. But this cook political report is showing, it's getting tighter and tighter and tighter.


And so I realized Trump fighting with the media, Leslie Stahl, 60 minutes, very good for Republicans, they love it. Eat it up. They hate the media. They couldn't hate the media more so big points. He doesn't need more points with the Republicans. He needs these independents, these swing state voters, this tiny sliver in Pennsylvania and Wisconsin and elsewhere that, that will swing this election and this new political report by Cook shows that just she, Kamala Harris holds a narrow lead of 49 to 48 in a two-way matchup and has a lead within the margin of error in Arizona, plus two Michigan plus three Nevada plus one Pennsylvania plus one Wisconsin plus two.


Trump is ahead, 49 to 47 in Georgia. And the two candidates are tied in North Carolina. North Carolina. Trump should be winning North Carolina. He won it in 2020. He lost most of the swing states, but he won that. Nope, not right now. He's up, he's, he's tied with her in North Carolina and they're showing that she has slowly but surely not entirely erased, but severely tightened his lead on the issue of who's better to handle inflation in this country. Like she is tightening this and so does Trump fighting with Leslie Stall or Scott Pelley.


You tell me Camille do anything to help him with independence in Pennsylvania or like how is he gonna get those people? Because he needs to get those peoples, Yeah, I, I think it's all a matter of how he comports himself in those interviews. As, as we've talked about after the last debate, while they were hostile, while it was loaded against him from the, from the very outset, there was certainly some bias there, there were things he could have done to help himself that he didn't do. And I think where he, to sit down for the 60 Minutes interview, you ask them to air it uncut. That's an option that could, that could potentially help you. You keep pounding on the fact that you want to have this conversation with Kamala Harris, an actual debate on a platform that is more likely to be friendly to you.


She won't do it. You should be out there talking about it. And quite frankly, if I was him And, it was a 60 minutes thing. Maybe you try to get some rules that are a little bit more amicable for you, but insist on doing it with Kamala Harris. You want as many of these showdowns as possible. If you're Donnell Trump going down to the wire. And, and let's face it, I mean Kamala is not phenomenal in all of these contexts, in many instances And it. And quite, and frankly, frankly, with respect to the debate, the one debate they had, I thought Donnell Trump more injured himself in that debate than Kamala Harris comported herself in a phenomenal way. She's been giving the exact same answers to in, in some instances to different questions for weeks now it looks completely ridiculous.


It looks point that out in a, in a format that is perhaps supposed to be favorable to her that might help you. Those are the kinds of things that will actually move the needle for him. I don't know that the rallies are going to be like as effective in that respect. Certainly your ground operation in the various battleground states is important and consequential. But in terms of what the candidate can do to help himself, getting out there, doing media and doing it in a competent way, the way that JD Vance largely did last night is the very best thing that Trump could do to help himself in this race. And I, I don't know that he actually advances the ball by turning down an opportunity like this. Especially because they're gonna spin it. You may be right, You Know, they're going to spin It and she's gonna do it.


So now she's got yeah, control of the show and he's not in there. And here's, I like the, this, this is not an encouraging report. I mean it shows it very tight and you can make the argument that when it's tight, that's a Trump lead, right? That we've heard that at least at the national level, the experts are saying that doesn't really necessarily apply the swing state level. But on the national popular vote, a tie goes to Trump. You know, 'cause all these others who, who like in 16 Hillary Clinton was up going into that election in the national vote. And yes she did win the popular vote, but not by as much. Anyway, the secret Trump vote has to be factored in. And we'll find out whether that's still a thing. But listen to some of these numbers. They report Trump continues to lead on the economy, but his advantage on inflation has disappeared.


He did have a six point lead in August over her 48 to 42. Now it's evenly divided 47 to 47 on who they trust more to handle the issue. That's 60% of swing state voters say is the aspect of the economy that concerns them the most. They care most about inflation and they're evenly split. Now on that issue, they say there's a few explanations for it. The first is that Harris's message on the economy has broken through. And another is that Trump's attempt to link her to Biden genomics, I mentioned this earlier, has not been as effective as the Republicans had hoped. And they go on to talk about how even Trump's best issue immigration, he's still winning on it.


He has his largest lead over her there, 51 to 42. But that's a five point drop from where he was over Harris in August. And guys, what this tells me is that her inanity over, I'm gonna issue price controls and I'm gonna give all first time home buyers 25,000 bucks. And trust me, that's not gonna drive up the price of homes for people who aren't first time home buyers who are competing against those same people in the market is working, it's working. She's somehow getting through on it. So maybe these guys are right Matt, that he should go out there on 60 minutes and at least try to counter some of this.


Well let's remember Megan, it's true on one hand that Republicans really hate the media and that's like the binding glue that has put together the Republican coalition predating Trump. But it's really strongly now. But they're not the only ones who hate the media. It is an American pastime right now to absolutely loathe the media. It's right down there. It's a special bond of Congress, it's special bonds so you can get a lot of independence. And this, I think election like most are, especially in the divided country, is won lost by the independents. And Kamala Harris has been pretty competitive with that group for a while. So I think you can absolutely get some hay if you're being treated unfairly by the media. And also as Michael points out, when you just sort of see the clip with him and Leslie Stall and I say, this is someone who's not going to vote for Trump in any circumstance ever in my life, your your face starts to smile a little bit 'cause he's there giving it, he's doing the Trump thing.


And that is still entertaining. And especially those of us who have personal memories about Leslie Stall that we don't particularly enjoy. So yes, he should absolutely do that. I suspect, Megan, that the, the betterness that she is doing on the economy has nothing to do with what she has said about it. I think that if you pulled any American off the street, even like a, a high, the attention voter and say, can you define the opportunity economy? They would be like, I mean, I don't know. I don't know. She's talking about, I think what she's benefiting from is that the economy is doing better. You know, inflation has The fed cut interest rates, Fed cut interest rates, inflation has been going down.


America has been, and everyone forgets this when their party is not in charge of the White House. But America has grown better than all the rich countries have over the last couple of years. We are kind of a miraculous machine regardless of all the idiocy that happens in Washington. And usually it is regardless or in in the def defiance of it. So yeah, you feel things are getting a little bit better. And maybe the one element attack element that she has said that's been successful, especially when it comes to inflation, is that she keeps hammering home that his tariffs raise prices. What she doesn't really discuss, she Calls it a 20% tax on like a sales tax, Right?


I I think it is. I think tariffs are bad and I think it's a, if it's not a direct 20% price, hi price hike, it's gonna get pretty close and it's awful. But what she hasn't done, and this is like the one time that Stephanie rule actually asked a follow up question in her one, not even softball, but t-ball interview with Kamala Harris, she attempted to say, but hey look, you support lots of tariffs too, including most of the Trump ones. How are they not themselves tax increases? She hasn't had to really answer that question. But I think that one perhaps, and I'm, it could be my own priors has stuck a little bit to Trump and the immigration thing is, is actually very interesting to me.


I would like to dive into those statistics. But if it is true that Trump has lost five percentage points on immigration since August or whatever, what has changed about immigration and the way that we talk About, I mean I think I know, I think I know, I think it's eating the dogs and eating the cats is what has changed. Don't think so. It's the fact you don't think so. The fact that in June Joe Biden issued this executive order to severely curtail asylum claims because he knew he had an, a general election coming and he wanted to deprive the Republicans of a talking point saying, look at the border right now. So he managed to curtail the flow going into the summer And it remains relatively low compared to where it's been during their four years.


And it's working in convincing some Americans, oh the problem's been solved as if they're going to leave that executive order in place during a Harris administration, which we have zero interest to believe or zero reason to believe is the case. Alright, standby. I gotta take a break and I will be right back. The guys from the fifth column, stay with me.


One thing we don't talk about enough is how exercise plays a vital role in that. And it's not just cardio. We really need to look at strength training more muscle helps to boost metabolism and helps as we age. It helps truly keep us safe. But let's face it, many are intimidated when it comes to lifting weights at a gym. Not to mention the fact that we're all busy and don't necessarily have the time. That is where Jacked Up Fitness comes in. They bring the gym to you, a full machine that fits in your house and does it all. It's an all-in-one Home gym. It allows you to do multiple strength training exercises and best of all, it comes with access to their app, which includes multiple workouts where you just push play and then follow along that takes out all the guesswork. So nice. Jacked Up Fitness is an American company and they are giving 900 machines this year to the Wounded Warrior Project. That's amazing. So if you're looking to take charge of your health and help vets on their road to recovery, order your home gym today and get jacked up dot com@getjackedup.com Okay. And enter the code MK for 10% off your home gym. Get jacked up.com code mk.


There are Some football feelings you can only get with BET MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo the Os Oh or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM the sports book Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See BET mgm.com. For terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements, gambling problem, call 1-800-GAMBLER.


I'm m Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free. Offer details apply.


Camille, I think it was you who said one of the reasons we watch these things is to figure out whether they can do it. Like do they have a facility with words? Could they be the spokesperson for the nation? And that brings me to this little Diddy from Kamala Harris yesterday on the Israel situation, as Iran was launching missiles into Israel, you tell me whether this person passes that test, But initial indications are that Israel with our assistance, was able to defeat this attack. Our joint defenses have been effective and this operation and successful cooperation saved many innocent lives.


My commitment to the security of Israel is unwavering. And let us be clear, Iran is not only a threat to Israel, Iran is also a threat to American personnel in the region. American interest and innocent civilians across the region who suffer at the hands of Iran based and back terrorist proxies. To me that looks like a hostage video. Like blink, blink twice. Ron is very bad, Right? I mean It's robot. She, somebody wrote that for her and I would would suggest the reason she could not read it with any conviction is because she feels none.


She doesn't want to say those words defending Israel. That is not something that actually she feels, I think she's probably more sympathetic with the other side because she's all about the DEI and most of the DEI proponents are not at all pro-ISIS Israel. But either way, that was just a pathetic display. And we're gonna have to watch that for how many years if she wins. I don't know, would anybody like to defend her? I mean, I, I wouldn't defend her and, and I also, I don't know what her actual feelings about all of this are But. it does feel like one can at least acknowledge that there is always this litany that she Walz and Biden Parrot Parrot every single time they talk about the Israeli-Palestinian conflict, that they certainly begin by talking about October 7th, which is appropriate.


But they eventually get around to talking about the Palestinians and the humanitarian crisis and eventually say things about Ceasefires And. it is interesting. I mean, certainly the expansion of the conflict in terms of Israel actually taking the fight to, to Hezbollah and Lebanon is a pretty major deal. And certainly the Iranian response with respect to that, respect to them launching rockets into Israel is a very, very big deal that it always feels like they're trying to toe the line when they talk about these things. And her reading from prep, prepare prepared, carefully prepared remarks in a context like that does seem to be of a piece with this rather careful discussion of how they are thinking through policy and what ought to happen here.


At least she didn't do what Joe Biden has done earlier in the week when he was talking about the conflict insisting as this kind of conflict with Hezbollah was heating up, that what was needed right away was a ceasefire And. it just wasn't obvious to me why that would be a strategically sensible decision for Israel at that particular point in time. Was it because they had unique concern about the Iranians doing something? Well, they've, they've done something now and one does have to deal with that, but Hezbollah had already been doing things, they're launching rockets and have never stopped launching rockets into Israel. And that it seems to me is far more consequential a matter for us to like take into consideration here. So yeah, I think that that Kamala and Waltz have been particularly careful here, Biden as well.


And in general that suggests that there's something perhaps a little less than savory about the way that they discuss these issues. I really, really, really wanna ask you about the Tahi Coates discussion over on CBS. 'cause it was amazing. So Tanah Hasi Coates has a new book out where he's decided to take take on the topic of Israel and the war in Gaza and in a book that apparently ha has absolutely no nuance, really goes after Israel. I'm not surprised. I'm sure you guys are not surprised. And so he goes over on CBS morning news to promote it and Tony DaCapo, who my understanding is his ex-wife is Jewish and lives in Israel with his few chil, I think he has three children.


So they live in Israel, he's now married to Katie Tur of M-S-N-B-C. But in any event, you know, he's got a real three very good reasons to question false narratives around Israel. Really pressed him in a way that I thought was actually amazing. But he's taking all sorts of heat for it on the internet. Watch this. I have to say, when I, when I read the book, I imagine if I took your name out of it, took away the awards and the acclaim took the cover off the book, the publishing house goes away. The content of that section would not be outta place in the backpack of an extremist. Why leave out the Israel deals with terror groups that wanna eliminate it? Mm. Why not detail anything of the first and the second infa, the cafe bombings, the bus bombings, the little kids blown to bits.


And is it because you just don't believe that Israel in any condition, has a right to exist? Well, I would say the perspective that you just outlined, there is no shortage of that perspective in American media. The reporters of those who believe more sympathetically about Israel and its right to exist don't have a problem getting their voice out. And It's what I struggle with throughout this book. What is it that so particularly offends you about the existence of a Jewish state that is a Jewish safe place and not any of the other states out there? There's nothing that offends me about a Jewish state. I'm offended by the idea of states built on ethno no matter where they are. I'm the child of Jim Crow.


I'm the child of people that were born into a country where that was exactly the case of American apartheid. Why? Why is there no agency in this book for the Palestinians? They, they exist in your narrative merely as victims of the Israelis. Either Apartheid is right or it's wrong. It's, it's, it's really, really simple. Okay, I'll just give you a sample of the blowback that Tony got for asking those questions. Abdullah Fayyad, who's a correspondent for Vox, the questions that one host asks are incredibly hostile, combative, and rude, telling Tahashi Coates that his new book wouldn't have any value. Were not for the accolades he previously received. They're also cartoonishly racist, blaming Palestinians for their own oppression.


Of course not to be outdone, enter Medi Hassan. Insane. First question from Doole suggesting Coates's book would be in the backpack of an extremist, then the usual right to exist propaganda question, which coats dismisses masterfully Crystal ball didn't like it either. First question, accuses coats of extremism and rest of segment is spent insinuating. He's an antisemite. Great, great stuff. Waha Ali, he's of the infamous Don Lemon clip that our audience may remember where he's laughing at. The Trump supporters is Luther meps in their, in the Ukraine. And that's Wajahat Tony goes off, goes on and offensive attack against coats. But there were two co-hosts there who literally said nothing and let him blather on incessantly shameful stuff all around.


Here's somebody from a social media publisher owned by Al Jazeera, the insane interrogation of coats and the reg regurgitation of Israeli anti Palestinian propaganda by this host. Makes sense when you learn that he is fully, personally invested in the system of occupation, settler colonialism and apartheid. And then she went on to call for CBS to reprimand Tony for those questions. Yes. Would you like to take that one? I I I wanna take a a a few things here. Tony Decouple is a friend of mine. I didn't know Tony's opinion on Israel that surprised me.


Tony is a very fair interviewer. He's a straight up guy. He's somebody who is like interested in getting to the truth and he is not a super ideological guy. And they were all incredibly fair questions. I mean, why would those not be fair questions? Someone should be fired for asking tough questions of the great Kane Hasi Coates. The thing about Coates's book and I have skimmed what's available to me and I suspect it's now on sale. I think it was yesterday and I will read it. But the incredible thing about it, there's a profile of him in New York magazine, we did a very long segment on it in the, in the fifth column is that he says that the conflict is simple.


And I'm not saying I'm not, this is not my interpretation of what he believes the conflict to be. It is what he says. I was shocked to find out that it was actually quite simple. No, it isn't. And you know, if you cannot bat away those questions, which are actually very important questions, I don't know where you get off speaking on this issue at all. I mean, Camille pointed out in, and I'll let Camille say this, but Camille pointed out in our broadcast when we were talking about it, is constant invocation of something that is not anything like the current situation is Israel, which is race relations in America, which is Jim Crow and how he grew up in Baltimore.


I don't know the relationship that that has between a country that is desperate to survive and is surrounded on every single front with people that would like to see it die. I mean, I don't like, you know, it, it's not a simple thing. And you know, also people saying like, oh, Tony has a, he's invested settler colonialism. I'm pretty sure that his ex-wife and kids don't live in the West Bank. But that's the issue. These people believe the entire state of Israel is illegitimate and shouldn't exist. So, which was the question he asked to Hasi Coates. Is there something that, a problem that you have with the Jewish state in general, rather than him saying no, he kind of says, yes, I do have it, but I have that, you know, with everything.


It's like, you know, every time I've heard Tom Ey Coates before this, he speaks through the prism of race. It's surprising me that race offends him in this context. Go ahead, Camille. Well, I mean, I'm, I'm, I'm more consistent on these matters one hand. So I'll say that with, with coats, I'm, I'm at least a little sympathetic to the argument that the notion of kind of ethnic identity as a cornerstone for any sort of national project is not something that I find particularly intriguing or interesting. But what I will say is I'm always a big fan of nuance. And the, the, the, the fundamental motive force of Coates's work both here and in other contexts, is to completely obliterate nuance and to insist that historic events, things that bring us to, to where we are today, that they're always simple and that they're always simple in ways that are very convenient for him.


They paint people at the particular characters as the worst sort of monsters imaginable. It's, they're always motivated by something that looks almost exactly like American Jim Crow or racism and, and they're always animated by some sort of kind of racial animus. I, I would agree with Moynihan's assessment that these were, it seemed to me eminently fair questions if a bit pointed at, at certain points, but that is what's supposed to happen when you go out and do media. He didn't call him. I, I think someone characterized it as though he, he suggested Tasi was an an extremist. He didn't do that. What he said was, if I took your name off of this, if I removed all of the rest of the context and we just focused on the Israeli Palestinian bits, it is so devoid of nuance that it would've seemed appropriate to find it in the backpack of someone who was a, a, an an actual terrorist, an an Islamic extremist.


He didn't even deny that he, those perspectives are well represented in the mainstream press. I didn't feel the need to, to unpack them again here. That is, that was the response he gave. He didn't say, I'm offended that you would say that. He said, I'm interested in giving a voice to the voiceless. I, I would, I would suggest that Islamic extremists are not in fact the voiceless. And I don't think that that's what he meant to say that he wanted to give a voice to them. But like, it's, it's worth paying attention to the things that Hezbollah, that the people who are, are actually the leadership of Hamas, the things that they have said about themselves. They say things about how they love death. They love it. So when the Israelis deliver it to them on a platter, they don't thanked for it. That's what they want, isn't it?


I mean, I I I find myself as someone who has been just kind of vehemently anti-war in many instances, which I, I, I still am I a poor war? I dislike it tremendously. But it does seem to me that this is not a sufficiently sensible, well-informed perspective. One has to at least be willing to take a look at particular context and do the moral math and evaluate how you got to a particular circumstance and what the future could possibly look like given the way that men, the many ways that things could play out And, it does seem to me that a status quo where Hamas, where Hezbollah, where I ran continue to be such huge influential players in this region of the world, is one that is just generally on net bad for humanity as, as in general, it's certainly bad for Israel, but I'd say on average it's bad for people in the Middle East.


And. it, it is, it's, it's one of those things that it just becomes so difficult for me to understand how someone can be unflinchingly critical and skeptical of the Israelis and of the Israeli project and not be similarly skeptical about what a world will look like if Hamas and Hezbollah and Iran are given carte blanche to continue doing the things that they do. Because we say, no, no, no, no seats fire now, ceasefire now. And it's always the Israelis who we expect to abide by these ceasefire, acknowledging that these other parties don't actually care that they're constantly in involved in hurling missiles had a ceasefire on civilian populations. Yeah, Yeah.


They didn't abide by it. And, and can I just say one thing? Here's what's annoying to me. I, I hate people who consider themselves Israel experts after, you know, one year of playing analyst on this issue. There are people with For a couple of weeks Lifetime knowledge of exactly what's gone on here. And I encourage you to talk to people like that and to learn Tanah Hassi Coates is not one of them. It weirdly, the left in this country and elsewhere has tried to turn this whole thing into a conflict about skin color and DEI type principles as if on on cue ta hasi quotes enters to say, yes. Did somebody call for me? I, yes. I love looking at things through that prison. I'm ready, writes a book as though he's an authority figure and just kind of says like, well, I'm hearing the other perspective everywhere.


So I just thought I'd give you, you know, this perspective as you know, A DEI expert. It's just so infuriating. Go ahead Matt Welsh. I have one very important thing in common with Tom Ahei Coates that I would like to confess right up, up top is that I too have spent 10 days in Israel on a junket, and also I have not recently published a book about that called The Message. I think there's a little, there's a role for humility in this world, and he's not filling it as far as I can tell. Calling Israel an ethno is just strikes me as odd with my admittedly only 10 days in Israel level of knowledge, which is not sufficient to make a lot of calls, but there is an Arab minority in Israel, 2 million strong.


That's a weird thing for an ethno to be about. Right? I don't know that if you look around the region immediately that you will find such ethnic diversity in the surrounding states or any of the surrounding states. Maybe there are on that I'm unaware of which is possible, but I kind of, I'm taking the under primarily. So it's a very strange like thing to put on only Israel. And that's a way also of kind of not expressing a lot of knowledge about, and he does this in the New York Magazine interview about the founding of states in general. He was like, oh, you know, there should be good founding myths of the state.


We have a great founding myth in the United States. Suddenly we liked those founding myths. Okay, that's fine. I do too, but like Israel has a bad one. You know, the founding myth of England is what the founding myth of most countries in Europe is. They are ethnic nation states with a dominant ethnic nationality, and they still kind of struggle with those things as when that is your primary definition. Even if you're now a modern liberal democracy and your pluralistic and you respect the rights of minorities, it adds different things. It's, you can count on not many hands, maybe one maximum. Two, the number of sort of successful, actually multi-ethnic, multi-religious liberal states, Israel's kind of one of them, if that's what we're talking about.


So it's really weird for me just to say, I mean, I understand and, and certainly I think Camille has some, some sympathy for the critique that it is called the Jewish State, right? Like, and the, the self dini definition behind that, and there's some knock on laws in the country who gets to serve in the military, who doesn't, that are just sort of like strange to American ears. They're kind of hard to figure out. But to single them out for being an ethno, I think is pretty damned ignorant. I mean, it's truly, you know, when you're hammer right a nail. Alright, before we wrap it up, I, Moynihan and I have been seeing each other behind your backs guys, Camille and Matt, we had a, a private with Doug River telling, Don't tell Doug, he told you, Lord, I thought, I thought I was having a secret date with Barry But.


it, it turned out to be Moynihan, which was fine. It's nice also. Nice. No, I knew it was Matt and I went on over to the Honestly podcast where Moynihan was doing in the interview and we had a nice chat about a lot of stuff including the state of media today, and you two guys, and here's a little bit of how that went. Gi m Kelly give me a positive vision of America's future because you've given me quite a dark one. Okay, so first of all, I'll start where we begin. Barry Weiss and yours truly. And you're in there too, Moynihan. So Barry, I've said to her before, I think on the ideological scale, she's definitely not a far leftie.


She's probably like a a if if, if one is the super far left and 10 is the super far right. I put her at like a four or a five and I put myself at like a six or a seven, you know? Yeah. And yet we're dear friends, I absolutely adore her. She comes on my show and I go on hers. And that works. We can talk to each other. We still love each other and don't care about the differences that divide us. They're unimportant in the grand scheme. You and your libertarian and weird friends who come on my show all the time, I accept, I don't, I don't Judge, I we can. But All three of us have created, have helped create and exist now in this ecosystem that is the antidote to all the media problems that we discussed.


And it's not only working, it's crushing, it's literally crushing mainstream media. So I like well done with the tables turned Moynihan. I thought you did a very nice interview and I'm happy to see you doing great work over the free press after that Horrid experience at Vice. Good on you. Thank You very much. And here we continue in our, in our new ecosystem. Yes. And I think that, you know, listeners should know they should go listen to the whole thing, but I haven't heard the edit. I don't know what they cut from this. I've been bedridden and sick for the past four days, but right before that you gave me the darkest look at America and I said, m Kelly, thank you for joining us on honestly.


And you said, no, no, no, hold on, hold on. That is too grim to go out on. And then you went out on the positive point. So m Kelly the grimness, it overwhelmed her and she said, you know what, we have to stop and we have to look at the fact that we are doing good work and people are loving it and there is an alternative for people. And I agree with that. And I was very happy that you came on and so far I'm told that the audience loves it, so, Oh, well thank you. I mean, I honestly, I'm, I'm always thinking about that. There's always something to make you feel better about a situation when you fail mightily, when you are humiliated, when you bomb a test, if you're a kid, whatever, there's always something that you can get out of it to turn it into a positive.


If you spend some time reflecting, what did I learn? You know, how will I now do better the next time? How can I build an ecosystem different than the one that I loathe and spend so, so much time criticizing. And so I do actually, my, I generally have a more optimistic view. I actually think it's been important to my, my life in news. I think it's one of the reasons why people are attracted to the show. Same as you guys. It's not, we can talk about the dark stuff and be honest about it, but it's not a dark show. That's how I feel about you guys. And actually it's generally, it, it's what attracts me to various personalities to come on the show. If, if it's all dour and dark and foreboding, I tend to eliminate those people because it's just too, I don't wanna live like that, you know?


Yeah. And today you got to find out that Matt was hooking up with his nanny. I mean, so there's always silver lining. You get a little, it's not, it's not all rockets coming into television. Did I ever tell you that when my, my fir my first child was born, we interviewed nannies and we interviewed a woman who was the former Miss Maine. And we knew that before she came for the interview. I was like, look at, this is a testament to me that I would even consider this and to my marriage. And we did not wind up hiring her, but we hired shock. This incredibly gorgeous woman from Brazil who was stunningly gorgeous, but very sweet.


I If you have a good marriage, you're good. Doug. Mh Hoff. You are not that person. Go ahead Camille. No, I was gonna say exactly that. If the, if the marriage, if the foundation is strong and if your wife is bad and I I I mean come on Megan, you know how you do. That's a black version. You don't actually have anything to worry about. I would never jeopardize my marriage with any nanny no matter how super hot she's miss. 'cause my marriage is great. Nope. My wife is pretty hot. She's pretty hot. She's put together very well. She held together very well. Yeah. I said you have a hot wife, it's a hack also. Miss Main was probably super hot too, so I'm just saying I'm on at roll sometimes, you know, I have to tell you, she's very, very attractive.


Yes. Yeah. You never know what somebody's unveiling in their home. There's somebody I know whose name you would know, but I'm not gonna share with you now. But she's got this routine. She does, I know with the men in her life and she calls it Night of the seven Veils, And. it doesn't matter if you bring Miss USA and Miss Universe. No man is leaving Night of the Seven veils. Wow. I need more notation about that. What night? And it on the subway line. Like how do I get there? I can bring it eight veil. Good. My only hint is you already know this person and that's all I'm gonna tell you on the air. Wow. Okay. What fun tricks do you have to make sure your spouse doesn't stray into the Miss Universe pageant? Email me Megan at m Kelly dot com Thanks for sticking around guys.


Thanks. See You. Thank you. Soon take talk later And back tomorrow with Michael Knowles. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.


There are some football feelings you can only get with bet MGM Sportsbook. That's right. Not just the highs. Woo. The Os. Oh. Or the no, no nos no. It's the feeling that comes with being taken care of every down of the football season. The feeling that comes with getting MGM rewards, benefits, or earning bonus bets. So whether you're drawing up a same game, parlay in your playbook or betting the over on your favorite team, good height, the bet MGM app is the best place to bet on football. You only get that feeling at BET MGM The Sports book. Born in Vegas. Now live across the DMV bet. MGM and Game Sense remind you to play responsibly. See bet mgm.com for terms 21 plus only DC only subject to eligibility requirements. Gambling problem call 1-800-GAMBLER.