
Under Biden American's Cost of Living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


High Five Casino is the top sweepstakes casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the premium jackpot package for 29 point 99 and claim up to 700 gain coins. 55 sweeps coins, one sweeps coin daily bonus for five days and 400 diamonds. Your high five moment awaits at high five. casino.com. No purchase necessary. Board web prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. And happy Friday later. We've got Tim here with me in studio. I cannot wait to see him. You know this guy? He's brilliant. He is so funny and clever. He came on, I looked it up. It was like episode 50, I think it was episode 50, right in between 50 and 60 of the show. This is when we were in the kids' playroom, only audio. We loved him back then. He was so funny.


I remember just crying. I was laughing so hard. And then we had him again a couple years later and now he's back. And I can't wait to talk to him in person. I, I have never met him in person. Anyway, it's gonna be great. So prepare to have fun in our second hour, But we begin with a different kind of fun, a fun that everybody loves. And that's Kelly's Court, and there's a ton to get to. We've got some interesting and bizarre debates popping up about a lot of stories in the news, including that terrible stabbing of the high school football player down in Texas. Plus, we've got big updates with Diddy, Harvey Weinstein, Brian Kohlberg, and Blake Lively. And here to discuss it all are the OG Kelly's Court panelists, back when it was Kendall's Court, Arthur Aidala, trial attorney and managing partner at Aidala, Baruna and Caymans PC and host of the Arthur Aidala Power, our and Mark Eiglarsh criminal defense attorney at ELAR Law, which you can find@speaktomark.com.


Speak to mark.com.


What are you doing this Easter To celebrate with your family, Angel Studios who gave us the box office hit Sound of Freedom, has an unforgettable movie coming out this Easter called The King of Kings. An animated story of the life of Jesus, featuring an all star cast, including Oscar, Isaac Pierce Brosnan, Uma Thurman, Forrest Whitaker, and more using stunning animation with vivid theatrical scenes you've never seen in a movie like this. King of Kings brings the story of Jesus to the big screen for a whole new generation. And I have a special offer. Become a premium member in the Angel Studios Guild, a membership that puts you in the driver's seat to help Angel choose which movies it GreenLights. And you'll get two count 'em, two free tickets to see King of Kings and every single theatrical release from Angel Studios as well. How about that? Get two free tickets to see King of Kings and join the Angel Guild as a premium member at angel.com/megan. Take your kids to a truly wonderful movie this Easter season and be a part of making family entertainment great. Again, angel.com/megan.


Guys, welcome back. I love speaking to Mark. I love speaking to Mark. It's like my favorite thing to do, Megan Kelly. Same I I with me Speaking with, I love talking him. Yeah, sure, why not? Okay, so let's start, there's a lot of places we can start. Why? Well, why don't we just kick it off with this, since our pal Arthur over here is going back to court for Harvey Weinstein, who thanks to Arthur, we talk about this, You know, when he did, it has a new trial in New York on these criminal allegations against him, that he's a sexual pervert. And Arthur represented him in the trial, but he got convicted. But then Arthur got the conviction thrown out because they let everybody and her mother take the stand.


Even people who weren't plaintiffs or victims alleged in the case. And the, because Court of Appeals of New York State said, you can't do that. That wasn't fair to Mr. Weinstein. So now he's back in court and the jury selection begins on Tuesday. Yeah, jury selection begins on Tuesday. And Megan, that's honestly, that's the biggest hurdle here. It's, You know, 90% of the cases, 99% of the cases Mark and I are involved with. You know, you walk into a courtroom and jurors don't know who the defendant is, they don't know what the charges are. You know, you have a clean slate, so at least you have a shot at the jury reaching a verdict based on the evidence they hear in court here. The huge hurdle we have is, God forbid, they base the evidence on what they see on TMZ or People Magazine or something along those lines.


So the jury selection part is gonna be tedious because we're gonna ask, okay, can we have a raise of hands who being, who knows who this is? Okay, fine. And then when you say, raise your hands, if You know about this case, you then need to call 'em in the back individually, because you don't want them to blurt out. Oh yeah, I know Harvey's a rapist and he is a bad guy and he killed his this, he killed his cat. And so one at a time, you have to ask them what they know and whether they can get over their own personal knowledge, what's in the hard drive of their brain, to then just base their verdict on the facts that they're gonna hear in this trial. Not a trial in California, not a trial in New York five years ago, not some documentary on Netflix.


So jury selection here, probably more than any case I've ever been involved with is, is probably the most important part of the whole case. And, and Megan, let me tell you something about Arthur in this case. He won't tell you this, but it is so much more challenging the second time around, because now you've got the trial transcripts, thousands and thousands of extra pages that you didn't have in the first trial. And you must go through every word line by line to use for your advantage. So Arthur is being very generous with this time right now, because if I was me, I'd be knee deep in preparation. I know, I'm kind of amazed he's here.


Yeah. Yeah. I and Megan talking to you as a friend. The hardest part right now, honestly, is my kids. Like I have a 3-year-old and an 8-year-old, and I barely, I barely seen them. And like it's my, or after his like opening day of baseball on Saturday. So I'll be there for two hours and then I come back to the office and his face just drops. He's like, daddy, you gotta go to work again. But you have someone's life in their hands, and if Harvey gets convicted, he's gonna die in prison theory It, amen. End of story. And that's an enormous amount of pressure. It's gonna be a five, six week thing. And I will tell you this, I'll give you guys a little preview. I am, seriously, this isn't puffy, seriously contemplating putting him on the stand because it's basically, it's a, he said, she said, there is no other evidence, there's no your medical evidence, there's no video, there's, it's just their word.


And I think in today's day and age, I think a jury wants to say, look, if he, if you didn't do it, guy, You know, come up here and tell us you didn't do it. So, and Mark will tell you it's the most excruciating decision the veteran has to make. But worst, Arthur, I feel for you probably If It, I'm probably gonna Rikers Island this weekend to start prepping him just so that, You know, we're ready to go if he needs to take the stand. I, I hope it doesn't come down to it because that's the one time You can control that guy. And you're not gonna find, it's gonna be difficult to find a unanimous jury that actually likes him. And I say that generically, it's hard for all the jurors to like your client, But I don't, but like what you do, like can't be the goal when it's Harvey.


But isn't the goal, Arthur, correct me if I'm wrong, isn't the goal, you are not gonna love this guy? I, I can see that upfront. This is not somebody you want marrying your daughter, but he did not commit sexual crimes against these women. These women said, yes, these women went along with it. They had career aspirations. They didn't make clear to him that they were unwilling participants. Only after the fact when the Me Too era came along, was it suddenly I was a crime victim in that moment. She's good, Arthur, you should bring her on Decade, You know, almost decade and almost decades later, when the complaints made, and it's no secret 'cause it's out there in the public, they all received a lot of money, like hundreds of thousands of dollars.


So, You know, look, we have something to work with. If this was not Harvey Weis, if this was Harvey Jones and jury came in and knew nothing about this, I would be very confident right now, Mr. Elo, the two words I would love to hear is hung jury or mistrial at the end of the case. Because the, they said the preconceived notions that people have going into that courtroom is really the Mount Everest we have to climb. Yeah. There's no presumption of innocent. Yeah, I know, But I have to say, like, I think maybe I'm the exception, but even though I've listened to countless testimonials by women who said that they were the victims of a me too situation, I, I think I could go in there and say, But I will judge this case based on the evidence that is put before me and figure out whether in these incidents brought to me he committed a crime.


I really think I could do it. I think my fellow New Yorkers can do it. I mean, new Yorkers are tough as ball. Well, like they're, they're, they're Smart. Well, I, Megan, I I think you can do it, but a Manhattan jury pool where Donald Trump got 17% of the vote. I'm not, I mean, I just think there's just so inclined. But it's not a Republican Democrat thing. Republicans don't like sexual crimes. I know, but they're very much, they're all about believe all women, they're all about the attorney general Leticia James. Believe all women believe all women, they, they lean heavily in that direction. And they believe the media too. That's another problem. Once they've read something in black and white, a lot erroneously think that that's the truth. It's hard to overcome It.


Well, I think, I think if you, if you're worried about believe all women, Arthur, I would say that you don't need, need my advice to try a case. But I mean, I, I would love your advice. I mean, you might wanna hit that one right on the head and say, I understand that that's, that's the line. And maybe you, maybe you even do believe, maybe you believe that he crossed lines, he was inappropriate. You know, you don't like him. But that's a big, big, big cry away from far cry from he, he committed rape, he committed sexual assault. And You know, it, it's either that or it's you had consensual partners who maybe were uncomfortable but didn't express it. You had people who were there. Maybe they did feel duress, but without telling him until 20 years later, how was he to know?


I mean, what makes it a crime is when you don't have the consent of the other woman. Like one of one of the women as I understand it, are, there's been a while, but she's alleging that he performed like forcible oral sex on her. And You know, I think you could definitely fairly get into how does that happen, right? Like how can that be done in a forcible, non-consensual con, non-consensual way? Or is it more likely it happened where the, the man thought he did have permission and learned later that the woman was there against her. Well, The state's gonna get into that. That's what the prosecution has to do. And they will, and then they're gonna drop it in Arthur's lap when they're done in graphic detail, leaving you with an image of how that could have happened.


I'm getting some free legal advice here. How about this one? Think this is probably, they were kind of friends with benefits, You know, he was getting something from them and they were going to Oscar parties and they were going to the Con Film Festival and they were having access to things that they would never have access to. These were not these caliber of people. And in return, You know, he had a nice 15 minutes, You know, in the bedroom with them. Do any of them ex expressly allege that they said no in the moment and that they made clear with their body language or their voice explicitly that it was a no? Well, they, they do now, You know, in the grand jury six years ago, they were a lot more, it was a lot more hesitant.


And now, six years later, You know, it's much more, oh, absolutely. It was absolutely clear that that's not what I wanted. So, You know how testimony develops over the course of time. Alright, when he gives this closing argument, mark, come up here and you, and you and I can go together. Nice. Love it. This case, honestly, Megan, this case is actually more about the opening argument. I truly believe that, oh, I think you need to set the juror's mindset from the beginning, what they should be listening for. Where the holes in the people's cases where the, the evidence that they're not going to hear, they're not gonna hear from any law enforcement that things were admitted to. Not from any medical doctors, that anyone for treatment, not from any psychologist or psychiatrist.


There's no DNA, there's no video, there's no audio. It's just them. And you have to just judge their credibility, judge their body language on the stand, listen to all the inconsistencies that are gonna come out. And then you tell me whether there's a reasonable doubt. Arthur, I agree with you. I think it starts in jury selection. You gotta, you go right up to the line of rying your case, take one step back and that's where you need to be to make sure you get the right jurors. This is kind of exciting now, now I'm kind of looking forward to it in a way I hadn't been before. I'm definitely gonna swing by. I hope I do get to see you, your opening. I, I, I got, I got all this three advice. Thank you. I got three advice from two grades. I'm excited. Alright, so moving on to cases on our docket.


I wanna kick it off with this case down in Texas. It's so disturbing this, these two kids, these two high school kids, like if this didn't need to happen, right? The 17-year-old assailant, Carmelo Anthony is arrested and charged with murder over the stabbing death of 17-year-old Austin Metcalf. It happened on April 2nd. Austin and his twin brother and this Carmelo Anthony, who belonged to a different school, were all at a track meet as spectators. And I don't totally understand 'cause I've heard different versions of this, but it appears that at the track meets, they would set up these tarps and then various kids would hang out under the tarps.


And Austin and his twin brother and a group from their school were under one tarp. There were many tar tarps. And Carmelo Anthony, who was from a different school and definitely not part of their posse, came under the tarp and appears to have sat in Austin's seat again. The allegations on exactly where he was and what the offense was, it's remained somewhat fuzzy to me, but it was definitely under a tarp at, at, at a track meet. And the allegation is that Austin went over to Carmela is from the police report that Austin went over and Austin told Anthony that he needed to move out from under their team's tent.


And Anthony grabbed his bag, again, quoting here, this is a full description of Officer Taylor Wetzel wrote this based on what a witness told him. Then Carmelo Anthony grabbed his bag after being told he had to move and reached inside of it and proceeded to tell Austin, touch me and see what happens. No one really thought Anthony really had a weapon in his bag. And Austin proceeded to touch Anthony. And then Anthony told Austin to punch him and see what happens. A short time later, Austin grabbed Anthony to tell him to move and Anthony pulled out what was recalled as a black knife and stabbed Austin once in the chest and then ran away.


Another officer spoke to two witnesses, one being the victim's twin brother Hunter Metcalf. They were hysterical. So what what we're hearing from Carmelo Anthony's defense lawyer is that they're gonna argue this was self-defense. That of course, You know, he said, touched me and find out what happens. And then Austin touched him and therefore he was in fear and pulled out a knife. I mean, I, you could argue self-defense if he had pulled out his fists and started punching Austin Metcalf, I don't, we wouldn't be here. The law law would not be involved. But Mark, he pulled out a knife and stabbed him in the chest. Right? And that you tell me, but the law, the self-defense laws in Texas and in all states require proportionality.


Of course. And when I when I said, of course that's a defense. It's because you're not gonna argue insanity and you're not gonna argue it was, You know, someone else who did it. You know it, it's clearly gonna be self-defense. And the question is, do the facts rise to the level where he reasonably feared death or great bodily harm from this guy? And that hinges upon really, what are the witnesses saying? You know, we don't have all the statements. Maybe there's a few who say that the alleged that the, that the victim did grab him. 'cause I did read that, that occurred. I've heard touching, I've heard grabbing, I don't know. But if it was just like you read, I think that that falls short of reasonably believing death or great bodily harm.


And here's the other thing, the other thing is he was the instigator. He meaning the defendant. That's a problem when you're the instigator, when then you're the initial aggressor. I think you might lose some protections that you normally Have. You can, yeah. You can't claim self-defense. That's exactly right. If you started it and the other guy is like, okay, let's go, then you can't say, I I had to do it to protect myself. He here is Tim Poole, he's a podcaster. Arthur, he was on his show talking about this. And I, I'd love to get your reaction to what he says here. Watch, Imagine you are invited to a party at someone else's house and you are legally carrying a firearm and then a fight breaks out and you, or like an altercation breaks out between you and some guy and You know, there's drinking involved or whatever.


I'm not, I'm not trying to make a one for one scenario. I'm trying to create a potential scenario separate from this one with similarities. You go to a party. Yeah, let's say you go to a party and some guy starts saying stuff like, yo man, get outta here. And you're like, I can do what I want. I was invited to the party, verbal es You know, verbal altercation escalates. And then the dude, you, you're standing there and you pull your, your, your sweater back and you've got a gun. You put your hand up and say, don't come any, don't come close to me, bro. I'm warning you right now. Do not come close. Do not take another step. Then the guy grabs your arm and makes a move. So you draw your weapon and you use it. Okay? Make the argument you have no right to defend yourself when you're being attacked by a guy. Make the argument, by all means, go ahead and do so. I ain't gonna do it.


That's, that's a ground ball. That's a ground ball. I mean, that's a, that's a law school where you can't, you can't, so sorry. You have to get punched in the face. You're not allowed to execute someone with a gun who's gonna punch you in the nose. And just the way the law is, I believe in all 50 states. You just said it, Megan, it's a proportionality. Lemme just tell you how this case is gonna get handled in Texas with this 17-year-old. How it should get. And this is the reality. And Mark will pack me up. Guy Glos is gonna get hired. He's gonna get some kind of a child psychologist or tongue time child psychiatrist. They're gonna do a whole buildup of this kid who he is, where he is from the defendant. I'm talking about who he is, where he's from, what his background is, any kind of mitigation whatsoever.


And then you're gonna go in and you're gonna sit down with one of the lead prosecutors of the homicide bureau in that, in that jurisdiction. And you're gonna be like, look, you and I know that based on the witnesses, based on the evidence that we have, yet, yes, there's a possibility I could go in front of a jury with a straight face and say self-defense, but that's too big of a risk for a 17-year-old kid who might spend the rest of his life in jail. We're not minimizing the loss of life of another 17-year-old. But let's not try to have two salute complete tragedies. And let's talk about a number, a real number where the kid's gonna spend a lot of time in jail, but not the rest of his life in jail. Which would probably be the case if he goes to trial and loses.


And you sit down and two qualified lawyers, very experienced lawyers with the approval of the judge work out some sort of plea bargain. This is not from what we've known today. I Mean, that makes perfect sense. Not Not a trial, But there's a lot, there's a lot behind these two sides right now. They, they've right people are lining up on, on both sides of this case. The GoFundMe's for each guy are almost exactly the same amount, let's call it 325,000 that people have donated to both because people defending Carmelo Anthony think that this was self-defense and he's getting railroaded potentially because he's black. And people on the Metcalf family side say this is outrageous at, at worst, if you take all the allegations about Austin Metcalf as true, at worst what he did was put his hands on a guy who refused to leave a section that he wasn't seated in and, You know, put his hands on him to at, at the guy's, You know, invitation to say, You know, try to make me, and you don't get a knife in the heart for that.


I'll read you the law on self-defense. In Texas, a person is justified in using deadly force against another, went into the degree the actor reasonably believes the deadly force is immediately necessary a, to protect the actor against the others' use or attempted use of unlawful deadly force. So it's not any kind of force or bodily harm, it's you have to reasonably think that you need to immediately use deadly force to prevent unlawful deadly force against you or, and here, okay, let's see maybe Carmelo Anthony, Anthony has something under the ORP clause to prevent the others imminent commission of aggravated kidnapping, murder, sexual assault, aggravated sexual assault, robbery or aggravated robbery.


Not even aggravated assault is listed there. So Arthur, there's nothing Arthur Arthur was. Yeah, no, Arthur was 100% correct, articulate, passionate in exactly assessing how this is going to go down. If this is being handled reasonably, whether it's me representing him or someone else, you don't take the risk of going to trial with these facts, assuming there's no additional facts we don't know about. Like, did the kid say I'm gonna kill you now and then, then he stabs them. Yeah. And, and again, I'm picking stuff up. I don't know. You'll sit down with a prosecutor after you have your client evaluated. If the prosecutors aren't playing ball and giving you a reasonable outcome. Maybe you like the judge. The judge is compassionate and reasonable.


You look for some type of downward departure below what he would normally be getting. And you look for some c compassion from the judge. But politics will play a huge role in this case. But, and Megan, in terms of the GoFundMe stuff, the biggest joke about the GoFundMe stuff has gotta do with that kid Luigi Benoni who executed the executive and the women are sending him letters and people are saying, oh, he he's got a chance at trial. People are into him. Yeah. Wait until those 12 jurors see the deceased wife on the witness stand who has to identify the body and talk about how her kids missed their father. And they watch that video of him executing him the shooting over and over and over again.


Stop it. It's not gonna happen. Yeah, we're just not gonna get to the, and I don't, I just said we're not gonna get to the point in this country where you, you what's foreseeable is a knife to the heart amongst 17-year-old boys who are scuffling even arguing impolitely. I don't know exactly what happened. We'll find out over a seat at a track meet. Like that's just, no one is going to interpret the law to say it was re it was a reasonable response. 'cause that's what self-defense is trying to factor in. Was your response reasonable under the circumstances? You know, Texas has got the castle doctrine where you, you don't, you don't have to retreat. If somebody comes into your home, you got your gun, you can shoot 'em. So this isn't that, this is not that. This kid got asked a question, You know, please leave or told to leave.


And he started to threaten make me and Austin allegedly put hands on him and he stabbed him through the heart. In no world is that gonna qualify as self-defense. I'll let Andrew Brocka Bronca, he's been on the show many times in connection with the Kyle Rittenhouse case. He's got a whole blog called Law of Self-Defense. He's very pro Second Amendment. He took a look at the police report. Here's what he said. Sought seven Austin the victim had told Anthony the stabber that he needed to move out from under the team's tent. And Anthony grabbed his bag, opened it, and reached inside and proceeded to tell Austin, touch me and see what happens.


No one really thought Anthony really had any weapons in his bag. And Austin proceeded to touch Anthony and then Anthony told Austin to punch him and see what happens. This is provocation with intent folks. These are facts I had not heard before. The staber is provoking the victim to use force for the purpose of being able to inflict deadly force upon him. That's the most severe form of provocation, provocation with intent and loses you self-defense as a legal defense. These are bad facts for Carmelo Anthony.


This is what you were saying, mark, because the second part of that statute that I read that speaks to deadly force in defensive person reads the actor's belief, You know, that you're about to face deadly bodily harm. Deadly bodily harm. That the belief that the deadly force was immediately necessary as described above, is presumed to be reasonable if the actor did not provoke the person against whom the force was used. So that pro he's saying, he's saying make me, You know, make me is provocation. I'm Gonna argue the other side of this because not legally, legally we've already analy we, we've already done the analysis on it and it's solid.


But you put people in the box in Texas, okay? We would think without knowing that, You know, there's 300,000 plus dollars being donated to the defendant's fund, that there couldn't be anyone supporting this type of activity. But that shows what we're talking about here. You go to a jury trial there, there may be a few people who just say, I don't care what the facts are or those facts are enough for me, he reasonably feared or else he wouldn't have stabbed him. I'm telling you, it's not a slam dunk jury trial because of who's gonna sit on this jury. Well, not only that, but unfortunately the internet has done its thing and they have tried to paint the victim here, Austin Pet calf Metcalf, as a white supremacist for which there is zero support.


It's ridiculous, right? They're circulating pictures of Austin and his twin brother wearing camouflage and holding guns like going out hunting, juxtaposed with Anthony in a suit. And this very popular guy on X calls him a suspected white supremacist, a suspected white supremacist. No, I mean, honestly, you, you could get sued for this, sir. Like you seriously could get sued. And by the way, there are lots of pictures of Carmelo Anthony holding a gun and holding up the middle finger and trying to look like a thug on the internet too. But this is what the prosecutor's gonna have to deal with too when he is trying to pick a jury.


Right? Have you seen these posts suggesting that the decedent is some sort of a white supremacist? It's a lie, but it's out there. You can't say that though. You don't wanna put it out there. So you have to be more delicate as a prosecutor. What have you seen? Let's go sidebar to discuss it so that doesn't come out the minute they hear that he might be a white supremacist. Now you've, You know, infected the jury, Tainted your own jury pool. Yeah, yeah. And by the way, I mean, just for the record, even if you were a white supremacist, again, 0, 0, 0 evidence to that effect that you still can't stick a knife in his heart. You still can't, like, right. And And it would, it would actually probably, it would be irrelevant. It wouldn't come out And it, it's not relevant to the case. I mean, unless someone said he threw out a racial slur or something like that, that that would be different.


But I would argue as a, as a, as a defense attorney, how is that relevant? If he's Catholic, if he's Jewish, if he's a white supremacist or if he's part of Black Lives Matter, that doesn't matter. That's not part of this case. Unless I only Throw a white supremacist on the list of being Catholic or Jewish. What? Well, I mean, none, none of that stuff, none of that stuff comes into the trial. No, I know, but I'm just saying it's not like a a, an acceptable religious choice right after Catholicism and Judaism. Okay. Okay, Maggie, gimme a break. I'm over here. I'm, I'm in trial prep. I'm doing the best I can under the circumstances. I'm, I'm very defensive of my Catholic faith right now 'cause my kids are about to be confirmed. So I I've been going to the retreats I my most holy except for my last, well, if you Notice, if you notice ELO's outfits, he's got the pink and the purple.


I mean, he is ready to walk out in the eastern parade here in Fifth Avenue. He's our own little bunny. I I I'm glad that I don't celebrate Easter. The price of eggs are too high Record high. Let's, We just did a, a fact check on that on the am update on egg prices for those of you interested. Okay, let's move on. So Brian Kohlberg, this trial's gonna go down in August. It's happening for real. And you've got Judge Hitler hip hip with a p double P. It's so close. Who is go the new judge and the defense attorney Ann Taylor.


Yes. That's her name is now maneuvering to suggest a trial that there were two assailants who killed these four Idaho college students within the course of what we believe is 12 to 17 minutes. 22 at the outside, but, but more like 12 minutes that that two men went into that Idaho house that night and killed Kaylee Gonzalez and Maddie Mogan and Ethan Chapin and Zanna Knodel, not Bryan Kohberger, who was a student at University of Washington and a ta getting his PhD in criminology.


Here's a little bit of Ann Taylor talking about the expert witness she's gonna put on to that effect or wants to put on. We are, didn't You produce an expert who said that, that there wasn't there there, it would've required two people to commit the crime? Your Honor, we have produced an expert that believes that it's likely that there were two people, two weapons, And she goes on to say, we came across a tip that would appear to be an alternate suspect. We're trying to work through that as rapidly as we can. And Judge Hitler said he would set a made deadline for the defense to present evidence of an alternate suspect.


So why are they doing that? Why is she showing them? You know, whenever I'm on a Michael Connolly tear right now reading all of his legal thrillers, wait, the defense, aren't they supposed to surprise the prosecution with something like this? What I like, you have to disclose every card you're gonna play at trial. Sometimes you do, Maggie. I mean something like, like when it comes to experts, especially when it comes to experts, you have to, there's a, in New York, there's a very strict requirement because you play the game of the experts. You gotta let 'em know who your expert is and, and give them an offer of proof basically about what they're gonna testify. And then they get to go get their own expert to contradict what your expert is saying. I mean, it usually doesn't hold true for private investigators, but if you're introducing a whole new theory to the case, you may not be obligated under the law to, to do that.


But a judge usually doesn't like to get caught, You know, by surprise. So I don't know if that particular jurisdiction, You know, I could tell you for an alibi witness, if you're gonna, if you're in New York, if you're saying, my guy wasn't at the scene, he was in Rhode Island at the time that it took place, which She is A certain amount of time, there's a certain, there's a certain amount of time where you have to say my client was not there and they were elsewhere because She did that. She, she alleged she was out star gazing that night. It was just a lovely night for star, star gazing. And that was their quote, alibi. Here's the other point in this case, mark, the defense moved to bar the prosecution from using the terms psychopath and sociopath before the jurors.


They actually also didn't want the prosecution to use the term murderer. The judge left open the possibility that the prosecution could use the word murderer during closing arguments, But I think is still considering on psychopath or sociopath. But what kind of motion is this? What, since when can the prosecution not say he's a murderer? That's what we're all doing here. Okay? So this is, you have to imagine he is gonna be convicted and then there's going to be always an attack on what the lawyers could have or should have done. And also the lawyers wanna win. So there's no harm and don't take offense with lawyers filing motions and for the judge to consider it, calling him a murderer, I would argue is unfair until an, unless closing argument occurs when they then have proven that he did commit murder.


That's number one. The other thing, sociopath, psychopath, any words they wanna come up with. If that's not proven, if that hasn't ever been proven as a fact, it would be unfair. One would argue jurors would think that if those terms apply to him, it's more likely that he is a murderer. So I know why the defense would not want those things heard. And if there's not evidence to support it, the judge shouldn't let it in. It's just prejudicial. I'm Thinking Arthur of the movie, Jagged blaming The jury, right, was one of the greatest legal thrillers ever. You guys remember that movie? So good. If you listening, audience hasn't seen that with Glen Close, right? And Jeff Bridges so good and in, in the closing argument, and I won't get into exactly all of it, but in, in the closing argument, there's that great lawyer and he said that something to the effect of he's a sociopath, he is an ice man.


And I was like, oh, right. So like, I think that's how it went down. It might have been saying it outta court, but my point is simply television. Meghan movies, prosecutors make these arguments. I I would be happy fine, as, as a prosecutor are they're, he's a sociopath, went into that house and took Eli of four. Why couldn't you argue that? Well, first of all, the judge has ruled in this case that it'll give them leeway in their closing arguments. But that's prejudicial and co conclusory statements by the prosecutor. It's the jury's job to determine whether he's a murderer. Like in the Harvey Weinstein case, I'm objecting to them calling these, you Lost touch with the prosecutor's. You people, He cannot agree.


You gotta be able to, I totally disagree. You can argue the same. You can say he is a sociopath. He has no feelings. Oh, You can about Taking the lives of others. You can. Megan, you can't on, hold on, you back me up. Back me up. The judge ruled properly here a prosecutor to not call a defendant a sociopath. That's almost reversible error. You can closing argument. You're testifying Megan. Megan, because it's not an opinion. You are, you, you to be, to be a sociopath or a psychopath. There has to be proof meaning someone analyzed him that wasn't done. Yeah. What do mean? That's such a prejudicial term. I really disagree. I think you, when you, if you can prove that this guy took the lives of four college students in 12 minutes with single handedly with a a serrated edge knife and then walked out and went home and took a selfie of himself with his little white shirt on and a thumbs up.


It's fair to say. Doesn't he's a murderer, he's a sociopath. Don't Let him No murder. Walk the streets. Murderer. Yes. In closing, once it's been proven that he has no feelings, that he, all the things that you said except for that term, which there's no evidence, it's conclusory, there's no Bleeding heart here. Bleeding. Say no, it's so long, Megan, it's long. We, I I I I don trust be for five years. I, I been too long. I been trouble as a prosecutor. You went too native on the defense attorney years. Okay, let's move. Hey Megan, I actually don't know You wanna try your Case twice? You're probably right, But I think it's stupid. We'll try it twice. We'll do it your way and then the next time when they reverse it, we'll come back and do It over way.


We, we definitely don't want that. Okay. Now this might be my favorite one of the day. The Blake Lively story. This is so interesting to me. So as the audience knows, there's this death match going on between Blake Lively and Justin Bald with whom she made the movie. It ends with us a film about domestic abuse. She tried Tocc claim that he sexually harassed her on set. He hired my lawyer Brian Cole, Brian Brian Friedman from my dispute with NBC and fought back like fiercely saying I never harassed her a single day. She's a psychopath and she's made this stuff up.


She's making this stuff up because she wanted to rest control of the movie away from me. And I, I let her to a large extent, but not to the extent she wanted. And ultimately she did get control of the movie and then tried to ruin my life. So that's kind of where it is. Cross suits. He sued the New York Times for defamation too because they wrote a very sympathetic article about her and what a victim she is. Well one of her allegations was that, well let me show you the scene. We cut it, part of it, it's where her character gives birth in the movie. It ends with us. Now let's just watch it. First Listing audience. You can see her belly.


She's got the leg spread. He comes in, he's holding her hand, she's acting like a pregnant lady delivering a baby. Except she's smiling, which isn't realistic. I was gonna say she was happy. Yeah, he's touching her Hand belly. That's not how my wife Acted. Did I was gonna say Anne did not look that way. Megan Anne did not look that way. It was my fault I was getting hit. Okay. I was called stupid. I was called a very stupid man. But I then I gotta to perform and she gets a baby surgery by cutting, cutting the umbilical cord. Like I've never gone to med school. Why am I, Oh, there we go. He's cutting the umbilical cord. Okay, but for about two seconds there's a doctor down.


You know what comedian, was it? Johnny Bench? Like Johnny Bench in between the legs getting ready to catch the baby. Was it Bill Cosby? Who was it? Who did that bit? Anyway, so her complaint alleges that that was one of the moments in which she got harassed because she says she was here. I'll read you from the lawsuit. On the day of shooting that scene, Mr. Baldon and his business partner, Mr. Heath, suddenly pressured Ms. Lively to simulate full nudity. Despite no mention of nudity for this scene in the script, in her contract or previous discussions claimed that Baldon insisted that women do give birth naked.


I mean do they other than like a water birth. Like what woman is like, yeah, take it off. Take it all off. Woo. No, that's not what happens in there. You got your gown. And the gown, they hike it up, but you got a little something on. Okay. Anyway, he insisted that women give birth naked to which she disagreed, but felt forced into a compromise that she would be naked from below the chest when the birth scene was filmed. The set was chaotic. Crowded she says. And utterly lacking in standard industry protections for filming nude scenes. Balone failed to close the set, allowing non-essential crew to pass through while Miss Lively was partially nude from below the chest down with her leg spread, spread wide in stirrups and only a small piece of fabric covering her genitalia.


Ms. Lively was not provided with anything with which to cover herself between takes until after she had made multiple requests. She became even more alarmed when Baldon introduced his quote, best friend to play the role of the O-B-G-Y-N claimed typically a small role of this nature would be filled by a local actor. She felt the selection of B'S friend for the sentiment role in which the actor's face and hands were in close p proximity to her nearly new genitals for bursting was invasive and humiliating. However, guys, as you know, 'cause you prepared for today, the, that actor Adam Sine has now spoken out and he's got a bone to pick with Blake Lively's description of what happened on that set.


Arthur, you wanna take it from there? Well, first of all, the actor, he's the one who's like the very, the Shakespearean trained actor. I mean he basically says that's not what happened. And it was very professional. The scene was very professional and like nothing was untoward. And it was, And it was on a big nothing burger. And they're making this Into so something. And she was closed. He says, yeah, she was wearing clothing. He said she, her costume included a full hospital gown, black shorts and torso covering prosthetic to make her appear pregnant in addition to whatever personal garments she chose. Yeah. So it's not too good when you have the guy who was there saying this is not the truth.


And he's, I think a big point though. He's a legitimate actor. The, the, I forget his name with gins with an M who's saying this like he's a legitimate guy. So who doesn't seem to have a horse inspiration? She is making it sound like You know, Arthur was the director of this scene and he got his buddy Lawrence Taylor to come by to play the OB GY Hey Blake live, he's gonna be naked. Get in here lt. This is not what happened. This guy, that's some great Example. This guy has his Bachelor's of Fine Arts in acting from the University of Maryland. He's got an MFA Master's of Fine Arts in acting from UCLA. He worked for several Shakespeare companies, toured nationally with the Tony Award-winning acting company, attended the British American Dramatic Academy's Midsummer in Oxford program as a full scholarship winner.


He's been on numerous shows on Netflix on a, b, c, on TNT. Once again, mark, the problem is, her allegations in her complaint do not seem to match up with not just what Justin's saying, but with what independent people who have no ax to grind with Blake Lively are saying That's the first problem proving this. And there's always two sides. And so I don't know that she'll be able to prove what's being alleged. But the second thing is, there's a difference between what she's alleging, like intentional sexual harassment and well, things that in retrospect should have been done differently on the movie set that would've made her more comfortable. So what all this sounds like, right? And the third thing is, jurors always look and it's legally proper towards the person bringing the suit and saying, well what else could you have done?


She doesn't seem like a very passive soft flower. She would've spoken up and saying, I will not do this. I don't want all these people on this set. I don't want this, I don't want that. So they're gonna be looking at her as well. That's the thing. So she makes it sound in this complaint, Arthur, like she is this powerless, shrinking violet. This one I circled in particular, she was not provided with anything with which to cover herself between takes until after she had made multiple requests. Does anyone really believe Blake Lively? No. Who had 100 times the star power and regular power of anybody on that set was sitting there naked going, somebody please get me a cover, multiple requests, get me a cover, get me a cover.


And everyone just blew her off. Like, ah, screw her. Of course, of course. And it does not sound reasonable at all. Also, she says, it doesn't say in my contract or anything about nudity, but, but my understanding is it did say there was a childbirth scene and You know, there is some degree of nudity in any kind of childbirth, but they're just gonna do it from the neck up. They don't come outta your nose. No, not that I know of. It's pretty, it's pretty clear. Well, look, I'm looking at that birth scene. I don't, I can't see what's there. And that's obvious. The filmmakers don't want you to see if she's wearing a pair of black shorts. It kind of suspends disbelief on, on the giving birth claims.


But in any event, she, I wanna go on just for another minute about what Adam sine is alleging he played Dr. Dunbar in that scene. He says, yeah, my experience working with her is very different than the one she described in her lawsuit. Indeed, I was surprised to read her description of the scene. He goes on about the costume as I read before. Then he further alleged that Lively never complained or expressed discomfort at any point because nothing unusual or improper occurred. It was extremely professional. And of course he was there for all of it 'cause he was playing the OB right between the legs. He called Lively's insinuations about his acting qualifications offensive, as his bonafide days are easily searchable online and says, by the way, I was actually a local hire.


My wife and I are from New York and we spend significant time there. And apparently that's where the scene was shot. And said, if I'm called to testify in this case, I will answer truthfully. And he says, I in particular, I will note that Ms. Lively was not quote, nearly nude in the scene we shot together. So here's the takeaway. You tell me what you think. This is how Brian Friedman and Justin Baldoni are gonna win this case. You don't have to take all 20 of her allegations, pick your top four, right? And show you don't have to take B'S word on the birth scene. Listen to Adam Monheim, who is telling you he was there.


And by the way, here are the raw film outtakes from the whole thing where you can see she is wearing black shorts. She does not have just a thin piece of fabric separating her genitalia from everybody there. And let's sit and listen to her alleged multiple requests for a cover, which everyone blew her. I I bet it's not gonna be there. So how powerful a piece of evidence is this for an effective trial lawyer, guys, Huge, Megan Arthur and I, who are artists in creating reasonable doubt will tell the jury that if there's, You know, reasonable doubt created as to one allegation, while we might not be able to disprove the others, it shows what's going on here.


That the person was caught in a lie, they're willing to manufacture allegations at least as it relates to some things. And so You can disregard her entire testimony. So yes, I think this is colossal. It's not even, You know, mark and I are criminal guy, so it's not even reasonable doubt under these circumstances. It's even a lesser standard. But, You know, know, you also be, have to think about the lawyering, the lawyering here. When you're gonna make, when she's gonna make this claim, you have to tell your client, okay, I heard what you said. You know, there's gonna be like there were like 12 other people in the room, or according to you even more. And they're gonna know, You know, they're gonna be witnesses as well. They're gonna support the fact that you didn't have, You know, that You know you were naked, right? No one's gonna say you had shorts on, right?


And they're all gonna say, they're all gonna support the fact that you asked to be covered up and nobody helped you. Correct? Like, you gotta, now maybe the lawyer did and she's like, oh, absolutely, I didn't have anything on it. And maybe, maybe the film will show that and her defense, maybe the film will show that. And You know, this guy will be proven wrong. Keep going. I The bottom line is when you're on the plaintiff's side, before you make these claims, you better do some, some homework and some of your own investigation work. Because as the lawyer, your reputation is on the line. You are the one who signs that complaint and says, You know, I'm submitting these papers. And it sounds like from this witness who sounds like a very credible guy here, that You know that, that she either lied to her lawyer or her lawyer didn't do her homework, his his or Her homework.


It sounds like somebody, the jury's gonna like, that's my gut instinct. And they're not gonna like that. She smeared him as just a best friend who's trying to get a look at her badge. Last but not least, this woman, Christina Formella, 30 years old Illinois teacher accused of molesting a 15-year-old student who was on a soccer team she coached and whom she tutored, allegedly happened in a Downers Grove High School classroom in December, 2023. At the time she was 28, he was 15, and they had a sexual interlude. There may have been more than one. I don't know. There are text messages in which she texts him, I love you so much, baby, even though this morning was short.


It was perfect. And she, she wrote directly to him, I love having sex with you. Now she's claiming he wrote those texts on her phone, which he stole from her. And then he deleted the record on her phone so she wouldn't see that he had done this. She's in a lot of trouble out in Illinois right now, and you tell me how this case is likely to get resolved. Good. Mark. As you know, the heart wants what the heart wants. Even if they're, even if it's A 15 Year, oh God, Arthur, she's going to prison. They've got enough evidence. The things that she's alleging on the defense are not supported by the evidence, including the things that she claimed that her husband knew.


She is going to get what she deserves. And it appears, if I read this correctly, that eventually she, she fessed up to some piece of this. I gotta find out where, where is that? She, did she, yeah. She fessed up to some piece of this. Where is it? I can't find it. 'cause It's in, it's in black and white. She can't deny these things, You know? Yeah. She okay. Much evidence. She, it, it says, okay. She fessed up to having re Okay, formal later fessed up to having a relationship with the boy. Prosecutors say, quote, defendant admitted she knew the relationship was wrong, but she was unable to stop it because she cares too much about him.


And in another tape she says she was just too hot. And that's why people say things about her that aren't, As they said, the heart wants what the heart wants. This, this is, this is Arthur's defense to everything. I was too hot Arthur there. And don't Defense Reagan here. Here's my defense. Ladies and gentlemen. The casting couch is not a crime scene. Okay? That's it. I, I mean, I'm open-minded. I wanna hear where that goes and maybe I will in court next week. Thank you guys. Good luck, Arthur, Thank you so much. Be good luck. Luck. Take care. Bye. Sorry. Good luck. May, may the best witness win. Okay, up next Tim Dillon,


when your metabolism works properly, you feel the benefits in so many aspects of your life. And that's why I wanna tell you about Lumen. Lumen is the world's first handheld metabolic coach. It's a device that measures your metabolism through your breath. The app lets You know if you're burning fat or carbs and gives tailored guidance to improve nutrition, workout, sleep, and even stress management. Just breathe into your lumen first thing in the morning and you'll know what's going on with your metabolism. You can also breathe into it before and after workouts and meals so you get realtime info. Your metabolism is how your body turns, the food you eat into fuel that keeps you going. It's at the center of everything your body does. Optimal metabolic health translates to easier weight management, improved energy levels, better fitness results, and more the warmer months are coming. Spring back into your health and fitness. Go to lumen.me/megan and that I'll get you 15% off your lumen. LUME n.me/ MEGYN for 15% off your purchase. Thank you Lumen for sponsoring this episode.


Under Biden American's Cost of Living, skyrocketed Food, housing, auto Insurance. Lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan. High Five Casino is the top social casino that's free to play. Sign up today to receive a free welcome bonus and exclusive first purchase offers. Choose the premium jackpot package for 29 point 99 and claim up to 700 game coins.


55 sweeps Coins one sweeps coin daily bonus for five days and 400 diamonds. Your high Five moment awaits at high five. casino.com. No purchase necessary void. Web prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megan Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megan Kelly show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm Beck, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megan Kelly show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


It is Friday, so we're gonna have some fun. I'm super excited because a guest that we had on way back in 2021, it was I think January, 2021 or Jan. Jan or Fab on episode 60. Number 60 here. We're over a thousand now is here in person. Comedian Tim Dylan. Tim has a new Netflix special out next week called I'm Your Mother And it is hilarious. Here's a look. It's so funny what we fight about in America. We're gonna ban TikTok or we're not, I don't know. I don't care how you feel about that at a certain age, you gotta shut up. Like I'm 39 years old and I have friends that are still, they're like, they Can't ban TikTok.


I'm like, Hey Ralph, sit down. Sit this out. They can't ban that child's dancing app. Ralph, this looks terrible. Please stop. Where am I gonna watch children dance? Alright. Hey, enough. You're not Helping Ralph. Tim, great to see You again. Thank you for having me. I appreciate it. Awesome. I was just saying like, so we first talked it was like the height of the pandemic. Yeah. Nonsense. Yeah. Everything was still locked down. Yeah. And I remember one of the things we discussed was how comedians are being canceled left and right. Yeah. It was a weird time. People were very uptight and people were very, You know, tense and there was a lot of anger and a lot of it was coming for comedy.


A lot of it was pointed in that direction. I feel like now people have, it's dissipated. People are more relaxed, I think co I mean, not in every facet of life, but certainly with comedy, people are relaxing and common sense is coming back and I think people are having more fun. How do We get there? How, how did we finally get to the point where we took our, our boot off the necks of the comedians? I think it was just, You know, people I think realized that they were being silly. I think what happened was people were being a bit ridiculous. They were going overboard. I think it tends to happen. I think we're in like a little bit of a moral panic where people were trying to assert at every moment how good they were.


And I think people just got tired of that. I think it's exhausting. I think not having fun is actually very tiring. Being a stickler is very tiring. It's very exhausting. And I think people just got to a point when, You know, they realized that that was not only a terrible way to live, but it's also not effective. The world that they want isn't isn't going to be manifested through scolding people. Mm. So I think they've realized that. Mm. I hope you're right. Yeah. And I hope we're done with that period. I hope so too. Forever more, I hope too. Yeah. So it's funny 'cause we didn't do a ton of your bio a little bit last time that you came up, But I, I didn't remember that you were, you're gonna love this in my packet that my team gave me.


You do the Best interview and I, I don't even wanna say this just 'cause I'm here, but like, you have the best people. You research iResearch, You know things. Thank you. Most people, you go to their interview and they go, so now you're a comedic. Like, no, what do you do? No one has a clue. Well, Yeah. You'll love this. Yeah. Unsuccessful child actor. Unsuccessful. Failed. It's not nice. Failed. Why? Wait. Well, it Didn't work. No, they pulled clips of you. Here you are on Sesame Street. Yeah, let's watch it. Speaking of you dancing children, now let's watch, by The way, that doesn't pay. Okay. You're the blonde called the television Blonde Boy and blue shirt and Shirt. We're getting rid of it. And I'm Happy. Wait. Here he is with Mr. Stpa. That's right. Wait, let's watch. There's, oh, that's you in the back.


You might think it's not for You. We just, I believe do has just cut the funding for this. You were. Which I think is probably reasonable. You stole the same, I don't understand. I'm barely looking at snuff. It was a big deal when you're a little kid to do it. Totally. It Was like, You know, how did School, did that turn into a Tom Cruise like career? It didn't turn into anything. It was, that was the height of it. What happened? Public television was the height of it. Oh no, I wasn't good. What? Wait A minute. You know, I mean, I think that's the prompt. We have one more. I'm gonna, I'm gonna put it to the test. Sure. This is you on Comedy Central on a skit. Okay. Yeah. Just say no Jay, Just say no. Jay. Yeah. In the 1990s trial Yeah. Was so it was was after the murders. It was after the murders at Comedy Central had this campaign where they were trying to get people to stop watching the trial and start watching Comedy Central.


Oh, okay. So that is just say no Jay campaign And it satirized how insane people had become with the trial. Yeah. Yes. And I think I play a young kid playing like a DNA testing kit. Let's see This. Yeah. Picture of Marsha Clark's book. Not now. Trevor Down mom and a dog. Here you are. There's the blonde here. That's Yeah. I love Careful Trevor. This was the height of it. He was at that Point that he told you he'd take The next flight. The dog shuts off the tv. Yes. And, and you, And you then just say, no Joke from Comedy Center.


That was it. That was it. Just that little, this is the height of my career. Two seconds. This is the height of my career. Nothing except that. Years of auditioning going into the city. Nothing. Nothing. That was it. That's really sad. The two things you just played were it, We didn't leave any gold out there. And You know, the saddest thing we'd have holiday parties we're Irish. We'd have big family parties and we'd play that. We'd play that. So the whole, whole very proud, I mean, everybody would be there. Sweet. Everybody would be like, oh, he did something. Let's See it. Yeah. Your mom's like, let me show you Timmy That. Okay. And then there's just a bunch of drunk red-faced Irish people watching me dance with Snuffleupagus going, well, Okay.


Well, Irish people are brutally honest too. They're brutally honest, unfortunately. I'm sure you really got it. Yeah. So that may have led to chapter two, which my team describes as discovered cocaine and alcohol at 13. Yeah. Discovered it. Discovered it. Developed a relationship with it, which was Oh, sounds, yeah. Discovered. I like that discover by the way. It's the nicest way I've ever heard it described. Discovered it. Yeah. I mean, I was a wild kid and I have a lot Is It because of your child acting? It Was probably because of that. Also because my parents were kind of, I loved them both. They were just boomers and they were a little checked out. Mm. Parenting was a little different back then.


Very there. It was not as intense as it is now. There was, there was no tracker on a phone that knew where I was. You would go to the park, you would ride your bike, you would leave. And I had a lot of older friends and they were into drugs and I got into it through them. And, You know, it was a little bit of a wild ride for about 10 years. Oh really? About 10 years. And now, now 15 years sober of all Things. So nothing, you don't, you don't drink nothing. You don't do anything. Nothing. So it's kind of a blessing. It's a good thing to get out of your system. Young. I mean, not that young. That Was like, when You can still save your liver, You know, it's like if you stopped drinking at 25 or whatever.


Yeah. I stopped drinking 25 and, You know, but it was a, it was a time where I learned a lot about life, doing all that stuff. I wouldn't recommend it. No. There's other ways to learn about life. If you're watching this, You know, take a class or something. Gonna Put Junior on the Tim Dylan plan. Yeah. Read a book. But I learned a lot about life doing that. You learn a lot about accountability. Being an addict, you learn a lot about not blaming other people for your problems. You learn that when you come out of the addiction. You learn it when you come out of it. Yeah. You learn it when you come out of it. Which was a great lesson. Well, I, I was sort of laughing at first, thinking it couldn't have been his short stint as a child actor.


Yeah. But it turns out that your mom has a serious mental illness. Yes. Yeah. And I'm sure that was stressful to grow up with. Well, she was a schizophrenic and that was hard. It became more obvious when I was older. And it was difficult because when you're, when you're younger, you're, you're not, you look at your parents and your mother as a authority figure who's like, You know, who's, You know, maybe, maybe wise or certainly, You know, You know, integral to your growing up and then realizing that she's a very fallible person with problems is, is a hard thing to realize.


And then realizing you can't do anything about it. You can't really do anything about it. You have to accept it and be, be the best you can be and live with it and deal with it. So, I mean, I think that was something too that was difficult was Did you like experience her while she was having delusions? Yeah. I mean, so an Irish Catholic family. We were very, we weren't big on the terms schizophrenic. We were, for a while there, we just thought she was eccentric or fun. Right. You know, Patty's fun. Right. She would say something, she'd go, I think like, You know, your uncle is like A-A-C-I-A agent or something. And we'd all go, she's a boot, she's fun. And then we started realizing, oh, it's a, a mental disorder.


You Know, so it was manageable. Like it wasn't like It was manageable. She worked very hard. She really, really worked. And then I think around in her forties she started it, started to progress and get worse. Mm. So how do you parlay that into comedy? Is, or is that just more the Irish Catholic strain? I think you parlayed into something creative. Doesn't have to be comedy, but for me it was like, there was a lot of stuff that in order to deal with it, you could be funny about it. That's the way to deal with a lot Of things. Coping mechanism. Yeah. It's coping mechanism. There's a lot of people that have had mental illness in their family. They write great novels about it, or they're, You know, a playwright or they're a musician or something.


But for me, comedy made sense because it was a way to kind of goof about things that were, You know, incredibly painful. Yep. You know, and, and you couldn't understand, so you didn't really understand it. Right. I think that's a, a big thing in comedy is trying to make sense of things in a funny way. So another friend of mine who was a child actor Yeah. For reels, right. She, she started on a little house on the Prairie. Oh, well, wow. Yeah. Sorry. Okay. I feel like she would've advocated for you. Yeah. Where is she now? And I'm kidding. Probably very well she, She's doing very well. But you're doing very well. But she wrote a book called Diary of a Stage Mother's Daughter. Wow. And talked about her mother was just o totally overbearing and definitely had some mental issues.


Sure. And she writes about this in the book, but she, she's always worried. Yeah. As she gets more mature, am I gonna have any of those issues? Issues? And she's not. Yeah. But it seems like a natural worry. Yes. So how do you deal with that? Well, I do a podcast, but if I become a schizophrenic, I make more money. So I have a career. No one would, Everyone would listen To that. No one would know. In fact, it would be multiple years before anyone suggested something was off. In fact, people go, it's getting really good. So I have a career where if I were to become as schizophrenic people, 'cause it's actually getting really good. So I'm not as worried about that as I would be if I was like a lawyer or something. Yes. Where it would become more apparent.


Yes. Yeah. Okay. That makes sense. Yeah. I hear we have something in common. And that is our mutual love for Meghan Markle. Yes. I hear you're ready to endorse her for president. I like her. Now. I've, I've come around on her because I, since I'm a little kid love con artists. Yes. I, I think they're great. I think they're fun. They're an important part of America and the tapestry of our country. They, to me, exude a kind of effortless humor. They're very funny. And I find her to be a, a great con artist. One of the great Con one Of the greats our time, one of the greats. You know, this is someone who came to prominence, marrying into the royal family, claiming they were racist, claiming she wanted to dedicate herself to uplifting young women around the world and is now selling jam at Target.


Yes. That's beautiful. She moved to the richest and whitest area of our country. Yes. Montecito. Absolutely. And makes honey. There's nothing better than that from where she started to where she's now. And that's what I think a lot of it is. I think a lot of people that claim to be really evolved. People who really want to help. Other people are just trying, she just wants a line of consumer goods. Yeah. That's all she Wants. She, we actually, and give It to Her. We just looked this up. So she, there was a soundbite of her saying she really wanted her merch that she's selling to, to be prestige. Yes. Not prestigious.


She want it to be Prestige. Prestige, yeah. Yeah. But at like a, a price point everyone can afford. Yeah. So I, we looked it up. She's got a raspberry spread under the, as ever. Right. Label. Love it. Raspberry spread. You can get it for $14 or you can get at it at Walmart under the Smucker's label for $3 and 47 cents. Right. Herbal lemon, ginger tea as ever. We'll charge you $12 or you can get it from Yogi for $4. Right. And 46 cents Shortbread Cookie mix as ever. We'll charge you $14. My better batch, which is high end 7 99. Right. Then there's Wildflower Honey with Honeycomb as ever.


$28. Yeah. Amazon $11. Right. And then there's crepe Mix, which you can get from her for 14 bucks. Or You can get it from New Hope Mills for $5. Yep. So you tell me whether this person Yeah. Has actually landed the plane Right. On prestige, but totally affordable. Well, what's brilliant about what she's doing is she knows people wanna spend money and spending money makes them feel like they're getting something that's better. Even though it might not necessarily be true. And I think it's brilliant. I I you can tell when you watch the show, she thinks people out just we're all animals. Yeah. And that's her view. She just thinks we're all monsters and, and we're all just kind of pigs in the mud and that she's helping us.


Yeah. With jam. Yeah. And honey, it's also very weirdly British, Isn't it? Yeah. Well, her little flowers, wrinkles isn't, isn't it? The garden, it's kind of Oddly British for somebody who went over there and realized it was just an a racist, horrible place. There's other jam and tea and Honey. Why and why is she using all the, like the royal crown on her stationary? Yeah. I thought she hated being a royal. Yeah. I thought, I thought she wanted to aew the royal life and come back to America. Well, it seems, it, it, it, it's just very interesting. And seeing it all happen in real time fills me with just, it, it fills me with a, a recogni. Like a a I I recognize how, how much this was the plan the whole time. Yeah. And you gotta, it's got, you gotta give your, your hats Off to her.


It's hard to enhance your brand that quickly. Like no, get get your name out there in a ubiquitous way. No one needs Honey. No. Right Now. No, no one needs jam. There's not one systemic racist problem that she's, that like, no one needs jam. There's not one person wrongly accused of something or whatever, doesn't have money for a lawyer that's looking for elderberries or wild flowers or whatever the hell she's talking about. The only people that are concerned with this stuff are people like, she lives in there in Montecito. That's so wealthy. They're not even on earth anymore. No. And I it's a beautiful area. It's a great area. But they float around and they have tea and they pick flowers.


Yeah. They live in a fairy tale like She makes sun tea. Tea. Yeah. She makes Sun tea. Sun Tea. And You know, Like we all have time to do. Yeah. You just, they kind of sit around in their backyards and they enjoy this and they smell lavender and stuff like that. Yeah. And that's Not how you're living in LA right now. It's Not how we're living. No. We are, we are in co we're sitting by our doors with guns Waiting like normal people. Yeah. Yeah. We're sitting by the door with a gun waiting for someone to come in. That's how we're living. And, And check the sun tea. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. No one's making hu If if you have honey in your house, it's, you're using it as a weapon. You don't have a local beekeeper? No, there's no local beekeeper. There's no gardens. They've all burned. Oh, Down the job.


Yes. Yeah. Well, I have a treat for you because in addition to her new Netflix show Yeah. She has launched yet another podcast. Thank God. This one is about, thank God. Yes. This one is about founders. What's, how did she start? Is it all female founders? Yes. Please. God. God. I think it's all female founders. Is It Female founders? Female founders. Right. Confessions of a female founders. Thank God. What are they thinking about? These female founders? Oh, here you go. What Are they Doing? She starts with herself. 'cause she now considers herself a founder. She's a founder. And it's hard to find when you are married to a prince, how do you start a business? You see who, that's a real question because the struggle shed to go through being married to a prince.


It's real. And being one of the most famous people in the world. How do you start a business when you're rich and famous? Your castle's too small. It's hard. Your, your grandmother, your, your, your spouse's grandmother Yeah. Doesn't seem to really like you. Yeah. And then dies. Yeah. I mean like the, your one greatest connection is now out, Thank God. Because I wanna know how this all happened. And I wanna get into the mind of the female founder. Here we go. Here's, here's this founder discussing, I think Remember when she pretended to like poor people That lasted a few weeks. I I have sex workers. I remember that with her inspo messages on the bananas. Right, right, right. Here she is on her new podcast. Let's be honest. Launching a business, it can be so overwhelming, even with the best of teams who it'll keep you up at night.


For example, a month ago I was ab absolutely consumed with packaging boxes. That's all I could think about. And I would sit there doing the unboxing in my head, is there tissue paper? What about the packing peanuts? But they're biodegradable. And where does the sticker go? And hold on. And what size of the box is gonna be? And no, that's not gonna fit all the excuse. Oh my gosh. And then someone says, but you don't wanna brand the outside of the box because a porch pirate had never heard that before. What's a porch pirate? And then I'm sitting there and I'm like, does any of this actually matter? Of course it matters. It matters at the beginning. But how much does it matter? Oh my god. Yeah. I mean, it's, well, she's also, it's, You know, she's kept up at night because she's, You know, half the staff quit.


That's right. They quit on any given day. She's got half Staff on any given day, the staff will quit because she just, You know, launches into a tirade. And for whatever reason they feel unsafe. She's been accused multiple times of being a bullying abuser. Well, she's throwing honey at people's heads and stuff. So she's kept up at night wondering about what lawsuits will, who's coming for me trick in because of the abusive behavior towards the staff. You like that? Didn't that soundbite just hit so many of the leftist boxes? Like, are they biodegradable? Yes. And what does the packaging look like? Well, what I like about her, I actually, I've gone the other way now because now that she's coming out as a monster, I like, like I'm actually on board now because into it, I'm into it.


Because now, by the way, she's no longer even, there's no longer even an attempt. It's such a thinly veiled attempt Yeah. To be this conscientious person who, You know, she's really just saying like, I'm a founder. Yeah. I'm a founder and I'm, I'm a big business tycoon. And it's tough for me. Can I tell you she's not the only extremely rich woman. Yeah. Who, You know, in her case, that's questionable. But in a lot of these other women's cases, they, their husbands are multimillionaires or billionaires. Yes. And then the women like, open a charity. Yes. Or like, give their money to somebody. And then they're like, I'm an entrepreneur. That's right.


I, I, that's right. I'm an entrepreneur. It's like, okay, I'm a founder. Look, I I appreciate That you gave, I've connected people with jam. Right? Like Yeah, I see that your husband made billions of dollars. Right. But the fact that you spent some of it Right. Doesn't make you a founder. Well, Joseph, she never cared. You know, it was all about, in the beginning, it was all about like unwinding the systems of oppression. Yeah. They remember that. That's Done. Didn't, You know, Remember that she solved that. She remember that. It was like, she would go to like a third world country and there'd be a bunch of kids dancing and she'd take a photo with them. Now it seems much more about, like, she's looking at like Gwyneth paler, what Gwyneth Paler did with her store. Yes. Goop or whatever. It's, I think it's Goop. Yeah. Goop.


Yeah. And I think she's looking at that and going, that's what she wants to be. She wants to be Martha Stewart. Yeah. Yeah. Although what I found out after the fact was she launched her show with showing you how to make this one recipe. It's like one pot pasta. Yeah. You make it on the stove. And then everybody flooded Twitter with the fact that that apparently is a Martha Stewart recipe. Sure. That's apparently very well known in Martha Stewart land. Yeah. Yeah. So even the inaugural episode is, is cheating off of somebody else's? Well, I mean, you gotta hand it to her. It, she knows that we don't have a memory. Yes. It's true. The country doesn't have a memory. We have a fatally short memory, and we're kind of tolerant of however people wanna reintroduce themselves in the moment.


Yes. So she understands America. I Didn't know Better than, than I do. Or maybe you do, because she gets it. We love the huckster. We root for the huckster. Yes. We root for kind of the criminal sometimes. And she's kind of assuming that role of going, this is who I am today. Right. Yeah. I'm, I I found my wave. I'm gonna ride it. I found my wave Now, speaking of not having a memory. Yeah. Gavin Newsom is out there. He's out There And you've got some thoughts about him. Yeah. Hold on. We, this, we have a, a clip that I wanna show. This is from your show, not the, not the special, but Yeah. The podcast. He's a bit, yeah. The podcast from March 36, Clearly copying me.


I had Steve Bannon on, he had Steve Bannon on, he's literally copying me. The governor of California, Gavin Newsom. Now, by the way, we don't, this is not what politicians should be doing. His starting podcast. No one wanted this. No one who's sitting in an ass heep in Altina wants him on a podcast. They want him to run the state. You just, you have a job. You have a job. It's the governor of California. That's a hard job. Right. He keeps saying it is, the state's very big. It's the seventh largest economy in the world or whatever. He's saying, how in God's name do you have the time to do a pod? Can you imagine launching a podcast in the ash heap of your state? He's now doing a pod.


Is he gonna have ads? Is he gonna read ads? Is Gavin Newsom gonna read ads while people try to find housing in his state? That's such a good Point. Yeah. He's totally copying you. Well, You know what it is. He, watching him try and fail to be a human being is a very interesting thing. Hmm. And and that's what he's been kind of doing. You know, Gavin is a ambitious guy who thought he was gonna run for president last time. Yep. It's clearly obvious to everybody. How many times did he say I'm standing with Biden? He said it so many times. It was like the lady doth protest too much. Yep. He clearly thought he was angling for that.


They, he got passed over. Okay. For, for a unpopular candidate who got trounced. He thinks he's coming back again and he's trying everything he can to appear like a human being. When you're so ambitious, mark Newsom, it's the same type of person. They just want the thing, whatever it is, they want the title, they want the status. They don't believe in anything. Gavin Newsom doesn't believe in it. And Meghan Markle doesn't believe in anything. So when you have people like that, their guiding principle is only ambition.


Maah Harris didn't believe in anything. No. Say what you want about Donald Trump. He said the same thing about tariffs for 30, 40 years. Yes. Okay. People like Kamala Harris or Gavin Newsom just want the thing, it's a vibes based thing. They want people to feel a certain way. They wanna make people feel a certain way. So When you saw him say to Charlie Kirk Yeah. It's just, for me, it's a fairness issue about boys playing in girls sports. Yeah. You know, claiming that they're girls. It's just, it's a fairness issue, You know? Right. I've got daughters. Right. And then just this week, somebody asked him about it. 'cause they tried to push through a bill out in California to, You know, protect And he, it didn't go anywhere. They didn't protect girls. No. And he is like, You know, I just, I just can't figure it out.


I just, I tried to think about how to make him more affair. Yeah. I, I just can't figure it out. He goes, I just wanna be president. That's what he wants to do. It's really what He's saying. It's really what he wants to do. He doesn't have a specific set of beliefs. He doesn't care. It doesn't mean anything to him. So he'll pander to anybody, anybody like he he'll, if you were across McDonald Trump, you think he'd pander? Absolutely. Yeah. Because the, the way that people at Gavin Newsom get far the way that people at Kamala Harris get far, and there's a lot of Republicans, by the way, who get far the same way, is they don't have a fixed set of principles. Because if you have a fixed set of principles, Bernie Sanders, whatever you wanna say about him, has a fixed set of principles. You know, for the most part, he's been saying a lot of the same things for 30 years. Yeah.


Now that means that eventually someone comes around to you or you're out there in the cold. Now Gavin and Kamala, people like that, they don't ever wanna be out in the cold. They constantly want to be in the rooms that matter. So you have to go with the flow. When the, the world goes a certain way, you gotta go with the world. So when Americans render a verdict on the, on the biological men in women's sports and say, we don't want this. Gavin Newsom then has to move in that direction. But when he's in his own state and he's asked about it, and the time is to do something about it, he's constantly monitoring and going, is this the right thing to say here? Is this the right thing to say there? So, You know, He can have It all. He can, he can, he can try.


But He is definitely trying, he, his Popularity is plummeting. That doesn't work anymore. That's my, I guess thought about it. The way that politics has worked forever, which was Gavin Newsom, Kamala Harris. It's been, people Say whatever the hell you have to say, Whatever the hell you have to, Lindsey Graham is like a lot of times says whatever he has, Lindsey Graham's everywhere. Right. He's Everywhere. These people don't care. But anything that's not working anymore because of the internet, you're able to immediately go, wait a minute, you said that last week. What, where do, where are you on this now? You're Just a phony. You are a phony and you put together these, You know, compilations of people just being foreign and against it and this and that.


It doesn't work anymore. And I think that's going, that's a major change. So one person who is the opposite of that. Yeah. He's completely authentic. Yeah. In his weirdness, his greatness. Yes. His brilliance is Robert F. Kennedy Jr. He's 100% he feels, the way he feels, agree or disagree. Yeah. He's 100% been saying the same things for 30 years. And even the peccadillos even like Yeah. We cut off the head of a bear and Right. Like whatever. Right. And also a whale. Right. Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. It was a thing. Right. And I used to be addicted to heroin. Right. You know? Right. Like, he's not trying to compress you or downplay anything he's done. No. No. And so I know that you became his fan and his friend. Yes. I'm friends with him.


I, I like his family. I gotta Know about this. I he's a good dude. Have you done social things with him? Yeah. Him and his wife are great. Cheryl's great. He's Great. So how, what have you guys done together? How does, how does that go? We've gone to dinner a few times. I went to their compound on the 4th of July, which is really cool to see. Nice. It's a big part of American history. The Kennedy compound. Yeah. Yeah. Legit compound. Yeah. For an Irish Catholic guy. That's a pretty good, Did anybody die? Or is it It was good. It was fine. I mean, no, no one died, thankfully. But they do dangerous activities. There is, it's not like You can see how it happens. Yeah. Yeah. You can see it's in the blood. They're adrenaline junkies. Yeah. You know what I mean? They're, they're very much. Did you meet Schlossberg? The, the son, the grandson of JFK? 'cause he seems to be a little, He's they seem on opposite sides of the thing. Yeah. Don't worry about that. Yeah. Okay. Yeah. No, they seem very opposite.


Yeah. No. So he was there and the whole family was there. 'cause he's persona and gra He was not there. I actually went with his kids. He wasn't there. Him and Cheryl weren't there that weekend, and they were somewhere else, but they could have been there. I think they're like, listen, it's a family. They disagree about stuff. It's a high stakes family. They disagree about a lot of stuff and it's very public. Yeah. But I think at the end of the day, it, it, it, it, it is a family and it's a, You know, important family in, in terms of the history of America. So when you have as I don't know him like that, I've, yeah. I supported him, But I Yeah. Don't know him personally like that. So when you have dinner with RFKJ Yeah. Does he always talk policy and history? Well, he, he talks a lot about that stuff and he's very, very passionate about it. And again, you don't get the vibe that this is someone angling to be famous.


Yeah. He has, that's not Why genuinely held beliefs. That's not why he like, You know, went after polluters forever, when that was incredibly unpopular. That's not why he talked about vaccines during the pandemic, when that was incredibly unpopular. Right. He feels the way he feels. And I think that the only way to get out of the, the, the climate we're in, in, in, in America in the sense of like, we need people who have genuine convictions and they can debate about them and they can argue about them, But we need people with genuine convictions and he has genuine convictions. How do you think Cheryl is surviving? Yeah. In the Hollywood crowd? I think it's pr I think she's a incredibly funny, smart, talented person who's respected in her own right.


Is a great actress, great comedic actress. Yeah. And I think she has real friends and real relationships. And I think, I think that that's also changing. A lot of people in that state and in that business are also starting to moderate a little bit. Hmm. Because I think they're starting to see that, You know, they have drifted far from the mainstream of American life. Yeah. And I think they're starting to come back and What he, what he's saying is like, Maha is basically Yeah. Let's, let's try to help make the country safer. Yeah. The kids healthier. Yeah. The moms and dads healthier. Yeah. He just said, this is in our am update today. He, he wants to find a cure or a diagnosis. No. The cause of autism by September.


Yeah. It's, it feels like a moonshot. Right. Right. It's like we've been trying to, It's, it's a ambitious, Like, would be against that. Yeah. I, I, I think the, the problem with everything now is that people have a visceral reaction to certain people. Meaning like, for whatever reason, there are certain people, like Steve Bannon, Steve Bannon on my show, I had liberals calling me going, oh my God, what would you do? I agree with Steve Bannon. Yes. And they go, I, that's what happens when you start listening To Steve Bannon and you go, wow, this guy made a lot of great points. But there are certain people who will, who said, I cannot believe you.


I will never listen. This guy's a white supremacist. He's a not. And I go that he's none of that. Yeah. Listen to the episode. So there's people that I think are not listening. And there are people that disagree with RFK too. And that's fine. There's people that have principled disagreements with RFK and go, I think you're wrong. But, You know, there's so many people on the left who are like, I'm against you. Team Trump. Yeah. It's a no. Sure. And so I just wonder, You know, she's probably surviving because she's married to Bobby and not Donald, You know, like Yeah. Trump, I, I think she's also, our Occasion could be your gateway drug. But I think Trump is the Real deal. Deal. Think Nicole, show y You know, listen, your real friends become apparent in these situations, and I'm sure she knows who they are.


Yeah. Well, in Hollywood it's always hard, isn't it? It's tough What you were saying about people have very strong feelings about people. My husband saw some article, I don't know if it got fed to him, And it was about the height of our children. Somebody did a, an article online about the height of our children. Yeah. It was all messed up. It had all sort of fake facts about my kids. Right. We don't show our kids on the air, of course. Or on, on the internet at all. But even so, he forwarded it and we were looking at it, And it was kind of funny, speculating about the height and how they get so tall. Like, we gave them HGH, which we didn't, they they have a tall father. It's hilarious. And, and there was a line in there saying, me, Kelly, who many people can't stand. And it like, wow.


That seemed unnecessary. Yeah. For an article about the children's height. About height. Yeah. Wow. That was kind of below the belt. Hilarious. But it comes to the territory. Yeah. Yeah. Of course. But certainly if you're a lightning rod in, in media, in politics, You know, you gotta be able to take it. And so I think Cheryl went from a life of being like, pretty much beloved by everybody. Right. She wasn't controversial to, I Don't think she disagrees with some of his stuff. Right. I, I don't think they on everything, I'm sure. I think like everybody else, nobody agrees with everybody on everything. I think it's fine to have a position where you go, I think RFK is right here and wrong here. Yeah. That's how most people feel about most people. Yeah. Right. So I I think that's totally okay. I think when you go, he's a crackpot.


He's a crank. He's completely insane. And you dismiss everything he says, even though you agree with some of it. Like, I, I don't disagree with everything Meghan Markle says, I like jam. So I think not, You know, everybody has to, You know, like, You know, I think we, you take it issue By That's how I felt. Yeah. I, there are some things I agree with Joe Biden on, believe it or not. That's right. Of course. Like chocolate, chocolate chip ice cream is the best. Yes. A thousand percent feel the same. A thousand per we're wrong about everything. The withdrawal from Afghanistan was sloppy in a mess. I agreed it was time to go. Not in that way. So I said, we shouldn't be there.


Good for him. The withdrawal was a mess. Yeah. But the instinct of getting our troops out of a 20 year thing. Absolute. I gave very little credit for that. I have to be honest. 'cause that was Trump's idea. Trump was sold it to the American people. Trump should've done it. And I think maybe this Trump would've done it. Yeah. But I think last time he, he, he didn't do it. How do you, do you like Trump? Are you I do a Trump supporter. I, I think that there's things I really like about him and there's things that I, I find a little bit, You know, I'm not as in love with. He's Controversial. Well, Yeah. I'm not as in love with all of the things, But I think he understands a lot of the problems. And I think that, You know, it depends on, I don't wanna go to war with Iran. Yep. This is the thing that I, I disagree with. I think there's a, a ratcheting up of this, it feels like right Now.


I remember last time we spoke, you said something like, somehow they reeled me into like, I'm, we're just talking politics and next thing I know, I I'm giving my opinion on whether we should be in Iraq. Like, what am I doing? Yeah, yeah, yeah. No, I, I remember that. Yeah. I just, I really like his idea of no wars. Yeah. Having a border, trying to restore fairness in an economy, trying to get a middle class back. If he goes down those roads, I think he'll have a great presidency. If he gets bogged down with a conflict in Iran and kind of, You know, a domestic agenda that is a little chaotic where it's the tariff sort of streamlined, I think the tariffs instinct, I think it's the right instinct.


I'm not an economist, But I do think the right ins we're we're, we're what, 37 trillion in the hole? Oh, Wait, we have this, this you can went viral in this clip. Yeah. This is you speaking to some of this on your show. Yeah. From April 5th. Here's step 34. Charlie takes a big buyout. Okay. Because a multinational corporation, Charlie, like Unilever buys the chocolate factory and they move all of the jobs offshore. He didn't even like chocolate. He just liked going to orgies on a yacht in international waters. He comes back, he wipes the blood off himself from just throwing a woman over a boat. And they said, Charlie, why did you sell the factory?


Why are all the and plumas on Fentanyl? And Charlie says, it's a shame how trans people are treated in this country. And they go, what? And it almost feels like Charlie himself is using some of this to get people's mind off the fact that he sold his chocolate factory to a global multinational conglomerate who's offshore all of the jobs. Now we say to the Lumas, I hope you got your Bitcoin. No, no, no, no, no. I'm trying to make the chocolate bar. Oh, we don't do that here anymore. Go work at Panera. So that, that's what America is. It's an MPA at Panera.


Yeah. I think, I think that the American working class has been thrown aside by both parties. Yep. And I think that people in this country that are fortunate can't fully understand the desperation in a lot of parts of the country that have been ignored. And I think a lot of that has to do with the de-industrialization of the country. Now. There's going to be periods of adjustment, there's gonna be ugliness, there's gonna be, You know, But I think the country's more than an economic zone. I don't think You can see it as, as just a place to make money.


I think you have to see it as a place where you have a culture, a country, something where you have to go to war to protect. Right. Y You know, I, I don't think people can just see it as a place where there are op financial opportunities. Yeah. We Gotta roar in market. Yeah. Right. So I think that obviously it's important that people have a good standard of living, that they have money. You know, we all want those things. But I also think there has to be some attention paid to large swaths of the country that are not, You know, sharing in any of the prosperity of the last, You know, 20 to 30 years. You Know, it's like I, I've, I've heard you, you talk about how like, it, in 20 years the Democrats became Republicans and the Republicans became the Democrats.


Yeah. Right. And it's really so true in so many ways because yeah. You look at like, the Democrats used to talk like that. Yeah. But in it got changed into all they wanna do is create one big social safety net. Yeah. It's just giveaways, government giveaways. Right. You know, like, oh yeah, You know, you're a single mother, here's another check. Right, right. As opposed to Trump's approach, which seems to be, let me change the whole environment around you. Yeah. So you have more working opportunities. Yeah. Let me lighten your tax burden. Right. If you're a waitress. Right. You know, as opposed to just like, let me dump a bunch of like free phones or goodies on you. Right. So that you'll keep voting For me. Well, the Democratic party was purchased by Wall Street. And Wall Street has ideas about how the way the country should function. Wall Street wants endless supply of cheap labor.


They want open borders. The Koch brothers loved open borders. It was because it was an endless supply of cheap labor. It broke the back of the working class. It destroyed unions And it, it provided companies with, with low wage labor so that their profits went up. None of those profits were shared with their workers, but They got bigger mansions at the Top. But they got bigger mansions at the top. And the Democratic party became completely purchased by Wall Street. And then identity politics is then kind of manifested as a way to convince people that actually they are interested in changing things. But by changing things, they don't mean giving you healthcare. They mean giving you like a trans Batman.


Right. That's what they're doing. Right. So they're, they're basically Saying, or Snow White who hates Snow White or Snow White, who's just not into it. Right. Who thinks it's like some type of like rape fantasy or something. Like it's a children's book. But You know, it it, it becomes a great, You know, there's a great quote and it's for things to stay the same, they must change or something of that nature. You know, things must change to stay the same. Yeah. What the Democratic party has become, as is a party that says, we're gonna give you a female CEO, but we're not going to give you any bit more, You know, of a pathway to a life. So we're gonna give you A Right.


But you better feel good about the fact that there's a female Female, you better feel good about the fact that there's progress in this very aesthetic area that doesn't matter really to your life, other than to say, well, that's nice, You know? Yeah. But most people are concerned with the financial reality of their own family. What do you make of, as a comedian Yeah. Of Trump and his comedy skills. Like He's the funniest politician ever. And I think a lot of it is, he doesn't really know that he's being funny. I think he's just being honest in his way. Yeah. Right. Yeah. So like, he's just calling things the way he sees it. He's really good at it. And, You know, And it doesn't mean honest in the, the global sense.


'cause he'll say Things no politic, Aren politician is Aren't true politic, no politician is. But when he says things that are funny, I think it's because people are not used to hearing that from a politician. The best example is the one where he gave the deposition in the Eugene Carroll case against him, and the lawyer said, did you say it's okay when you're a celebrity to grab him by the P word? Yeah. When you're a celebrity, they let you do it. And he said, yes. It's because, You know, for thousands of years, that's just been the way it is. Unfortunately, or fortunately, It's just him. No, he's, what, what makes him effective is that he understands that there's a way that you can communicate that.


Whether the people don't stop listening. Yes. That's a big part of it. Yeah. So many politicians, you turn them off very Hard to turn, turn out when Trumps Off. He's, you will never turn him off. Right. You Don't know where it's gone. I, I've said I'm gonna watch 10 minutes of his speech and I'm, it's an hour and a half. Yes. And I watched the whole thing. Yes. It's because there's a musicality too. It's like jazz. He comes in and out and he's goes from this thing to that thing and it's very much a stream of consciousness. Yes. He did, did the EO on the Fs, it's making showers great again. You know, like it's a, the free flow of water. And he is talking about keeping his beautiful hair. He like likes to wash shampoos beautiful hair. Well, He also doesn't patronize people. Like, I remember like you had Anna Dasra and they brought up a great point of like, he shows up to this rally late and he complained about his private plane Yeah.


That it wasn't working. And he goes, they screw you. They keep you on the runway. He's not pretending no. That he can empathize fully with someone who's, You know Yeah. In a different financial situation. He's saying, this is who I am. This is the way I see it. There's an authenticity to it even though people hate It. Yeah. Nor is he running around calling himself a founder. People hate it as a founder. Right. He's right. I have some experience with This. I think people hate, I think there's a, there's a snobbery to it where people look at him and go, we don't like that he represents America. You know, we don't like that. Not those, not that America. Yeah. Right. We'd rather someone from Harvard even though he went to a grade school.


But we'd rather someone who understands that there's a certain language that we all speak and he doesn't speak it. Now you were in Austin, Texas. Yeah. Now you're in la I'm back and forth between New York where I grew up and then LA and Austin too. Sometimes in The new special again, it's called I'm Your Mother. It's on Netflix starting, it hits April 15th. April 15th. 15th. Tax day. Thank you. You can remember, this is how you will, this will be your soothing bomb on tax day. Yes. You can watch, I'm Your mother. If You're getting beaten up on tax day With Tim Dillon, Launch a jam brand and You do a bit on LA and what a mess it is in so many ways, including homelessness. Let's watch a, watch a little bit of that in, so 28, The LA City Council has given up.


This is how much they've given up. I swear to God. They considered giving you a tax credit if you opened your house to a homeless person. I swear to God. They were like, you got a House. What are we even talking about? You hate taxes, right? Yeah. Well meet your son. He's 38 years old. He loves fentanyl. Hug your boy, hug your boy. Did You do it? Did you, were you tempted? Yeah, no, I was, You know, part of the thing is that the solutions that are proposed are always as insane as the problem.


Yeah. In la So whenever they started thinking about that, they go, we could just give people tax credits to move people into their house that, You know, are Homeless. What could possibly go Wrong, what could possibly go wrong. So you have a situation where, You know, You know, it, it, it, it really is. It's beautiful state. It's important place, You know, and it's like run by complete lunatics. Yeah, Absolutely. L complete lunatics. So when I hear you talk about that Yeah. And Gavin Newsom, I don't know, would you ever consider Yeah. Throwing your own hat in the rink? Well, Not at the moment, But I could get bored. Oh. And if I get bored, then perhaps political campaigns do seem fun.


Here's what doesn't seem fun governing. Yeah. That's why Gavin's doing what we're doing Seems tough. Right. He's like, this is boring. He's trying to do this. Yeah. It seems fun to run. Get on everyone, get on the bus. Yeah. World drink coffee. The polls are in. Get 'em. You know, that seems fun. Once you get in there and you then have to figure out a way to fix this, it becomes a real problem. And there's a lot of ribbon Cutting. I was in downtown LA the other night. There's a nice place. And I was there. Me and my friend have one of the best restaurants in LA is downtown. And we're we're, we went to dinner and, and we're sitting there and You know, they always try to downplay it. You know, him and his wife were like, there's pockets. Mm. It's fine.


There's pockets. And then in the middle of the street there was a woman just with a blanket over her going like this and the blanket's moving and she's screaming. And I said, what's this? And they go, oh, well she's there all the time. And I go, oh. So it's really just getting people used to a certain level Yeah. Of, of decay. And that's really what it is. It's just, you just explain it away. You go, oh, that woman, she's a, and then my friend goes, well the problem is it's a meth town. Oh God. And he goes, if they were on heroin, they'd sleep, but they're on meth. So they start fires and then he goes like this, they're splitting hairs. And he goes like this, let's get the scallops. They're great. So that's how normalized hell has become.


Yeah. We've normalized hell, we've normalized decay and that's how bad it's gotten that people just don't care. I got 39 seconds to the heart out. Yeah. Again, this special I am your mother. Yes. In 30 seconds. Why is it called that? Well, because anyone can be anything now. So if I'm going to orient myself in this world, I'd like to do it as your mother, just so you're in church. 'cause your mother gets to tell you what to do and be loud and fat and, and nasty. And we still love her. And we Have to love mom Tim Dylan. We definitely love it. Don't forget. Okay. It's called I'm Your Mother. It's on Netflix next week you will laugh. I don't think you'll cry, but you'll fall even more in love with Tim.


It's great to see you. Thank you again. It was a pleasure. I appreciate it. Check it out. Have a great weekend everyone. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly show. No BS, No agenda And no fear


As Americans are getting inspired to make their health and fitness a priority. Let me tell you about Don and the team at Jacked Up Fitness. A great American company, their commercial grade Power Rack Pro has everything you need to get a full body workout from home. The cable crossover system and integrated wake stacks allow you to do hundreds of exercises. Basically everything you can do at the gym. With everyone's busy schedule, having one of these commercial grade all in one Power rack Pros right in your own home can be a game changer. And if you are new to strength training, don't worry. Jacked Up Fitness offers the Get Jacked Up program free of charge led by celebrity fitness trainers. Kim Lyons of The Biggest Loser and Clark Bartram. The program has full body video-based workouts. You simply press play and you follow along. You get started on your fitness journey today for free. Go to get jacked up.com and sign up to access the free program. And when you're ready to order your own Power Rack Pro, save 10% by using my promo code. Mk. No more excuses. Let's all get in the best shape of our lives. Go to get jacked up.com.


Under Biden American's Cost of Living, skyrocketed Food, housing, auto Insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again. It's time to support the President's plan.


High Five Casino is the top choice for social casino gaming. That's free to play with chances to win and redeem For real cash prizes, free spend rewards, and tons of exclusive games. You can experience more high five moments than ever before. You're gonna wanna high five. Everyone, the neighbors, the mailman, all your coworkers. Of course your friends. Well you get the point. Your high five moment awaits@highfivecasino.com. No Purchase necessary void. We prohibited by law must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.