
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Wednesday, March 26th, 2025. This is your AM Update. If it's not classified, share the text now As the White House previously. Is It classified or non-classified information on this text? A tense day on Capitol Hill for Trump administration, Intel officials after the Atlantic's editor in chief, was accidentally added to what he calls a war planning group chat. The DOJ claiming former Columbia student agitator Mahmud Khalil, who DHS is seeking to deport lied on his green card application. He's going to use his authority Unshaped until this point to lead the judicial insurrection, the judicial resistance to President Trump and his administration Reporter.


Julie Kelly does a deep dive on Judge Boberg in an AM Update exclusive and President Trump Hardens, hunter Biden's ex best friend. All that and more coming up in just a moment. On your AM Update,


There's a lot of talk about government debt, but after four years of inflation, another real crisis is personal debt. Some people are working harder than ever and still drowning in credit card debt and overdue bills. But there's Done with Debt Now. Done with Debt, has unique escape strategies to help end your debt fast so you can keep more of your hard earned money. Done with Debt does not try to sell you a loan or bankruptcy. Their tough negotiators will go one-on-one with your credit card and loan companies with one goal to drastically reduce your bills, eliminate interest and erase penalties. Most clients wind up with more money in their pocket, month one, and they don't stop until they break you free from debt permanently. Take a few minutes and visit Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their debt strategists for free. But listen up. Some of their solutions are time sensitive, so you gotta move quickly. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


President Trump expressing confidence in National Security Advisor Mike Waltz following a report that Mr. Waltz accidentally added. The Atlantic's editor-in-chief Jeffrey Goldberg to a private group chat on messaging, app signal discussing war plans. Mr. Trump saying in a gaggle quote, Michael Wal has learned a lesson and he's a good man. Mr. Trump saying the incident is the only glitch in the two months since retaking office And it turned out to not be a serious one. Left-wing critics disagree Folks, apps like Signal are not government approved platforms to transmit classified information. You would think folks would know that There are systems in place for these classified conversations to take place there.


There have been unwieldy. You have to use different phones, different equipment, different systems, but they are in place so that you don't have to use something like Signal. These are national security professionals at the highest levels of government. They should know better. Republican analyst, Scott Jennings on CNN saying much of the criticism is likely overblown. The Signal program was preloaded on a number of devices and agency computers in this circuit when they got there. So in their view, it was already in use. Number two, in some of the messages they talk about needing to go to the high side computers, which is the classified system. So they clearly were knowing there was a line on what you could discuss in a chat like this versus classified system Number three.


There is a dispute over whether the term war plans is being exaggerated. Defense secretary Pete Hegseth says no war plans were shared. Jeffrey Goldberg telling CNN on Monday night. They were, He was texting war plans. He was texting attack plans when targets were gonna be targeted, how they were gonna be targeted, who was at the targets when the next sequence of attacks were happening. And I continue not to publish it because it felt like it was too confidential. Mr. Goldberg saying in subsequent interviews, he may release more of the conversation on Tuesday morning, director of National Intelligence, Tulsi Gabbard, FBI, director Cash Patel and CIA director John Radcliffe appearing before the Senate Intel Committee on a hearing about global threats facing the us it turned into a grilling on the signal chat, both directors Gabbard and Radcliffe, who were on the message chain saying, no classified intelligence was shared.


Senator, I can attest to the fact there were no classified or intelligence equities that were included in that chat group at any time. The Secretary of Defense is the original classification authority, and my understanding is that his comments are that any information that he shared was not classified. Democrats on the committee orchestrating many combative exchanges. Did Jeff Goldberg, did he create a hoax that allowed him to become part of this signal thread? Don't please to answer the question. You, you, you don't, don't, don't insult the intelligence of the American people. It's Hard for me to believe that targets and timing and weapons would not have been classified.


Well fight If it's not classified. Share the text now As the White House previously stated. Is it classified or non-classified information on this text Back at the White House? The administration embracing what they think of as the big picture, like the attacks against the Hhy rebels we're a success. We are looking into him reviewing how the heck he got into this room. But I'll tell you what, the world owes President Trump a favor under Biden. Global shipping was shut down. Pen prick attacks months between them, our destroyers being fired. Upon dozens of times, president Trump took decisive act action with his national security team, took out the head.


Miss Allaire knocked out missiles, knocked out headquarters, knocked out communication sites. And for once, as we hear, as you all hear from every one of our allies, thank God for American leadership again. New details in the Trump administration's fight to deport former Columbia University student agitator Mahmud. Khalil Khalil objects to being deported, arguing in part that he has a green card in a new court filing. Federal prosecutors saying Mr. Khalil lied on that green card application by leaving out key information from his background. Prosecutors alleging Mr.


Khalil failed to report his role as a political affairs officer with the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine refugees from June to November, 2023. A period that includes the October 7th Hamas attacks in which 1200 people were killed in Israel and around 250 taken hostage, including Americans. In January, 2024, Israeli intelligence reported that at least 12 UN RA employees took part in the October 7th attacks, prompting the Biden administration to suspend US funding to unah a December, 2024 UN watch report further accusing UN RA's leadership of allowing Hamas to infiltrate the group and indoctrinate Palestinian children with terrorist ideology.


While Mr. Khalil's exact responsibilities at UN NRA are unclear reporting indicates he was enrolled in a Columbia Master's program from 2022 through December, 2024. Overlapping with the period prosecutors say he worked for ra. It's not known whether he worked remotely traveled to the region or both. Prosecutors claim Khalil also failed to disclose his continuing employment with the British Embassy in Beirut after 2022. Finally, the filing claims that Mr. Khalil did not disclose his involvement to the feds with Columbia University. Apartheid divest the radical activist student group.


He joined on Columbia's campus, which reportedly expressed sympathy for Hamas and Hezbollah, the group for which Khalil was spokesman, organizing major protests at Columbia, including the takeover of Hamilton Hall last year, and the creation of the Gaza solidarity encampment, both of which led to hundreds of arrests. Mr. Khalil's lawyer calls the new charges completely meritless saying this case is purely about First Amendment protected activity and speech. And US citizens and permanent residents alike are free to say what they wish about what is going on in the world. Coming up a closer look at US District Court Chief Judge James Boberg, the central figure in the Trump administration's legal battle to deport illegal immigrants under the Alien Enemies Act and President Trump signing a pardon for Hunter Biden's ex best


friend. The IRS is the largest collection agency in the world. And with April 15th fast approaching, it's more aggressive than ever. Oh, joy. If you owe back taxes or you have unfiled returns, waiting is not an option, not a good one. April 15th could mark another tax year that has passed you by and stressed you out. So the smart move is get ahead of it now. But listen, never contact the IRS alone. That's crazy. Talk. Instead, you could let the experts at Tax Network USA handle this problem for you. Why? Well, not all tax resolution companies are the same tax network. USA has a preferred direct line to the IRS so they know exactly which agents to deal with and which to avoid with proven strategies to settle tax problems in your favor. Whether you owe 10 grand or 10 million Tax Network USA attorneys and negotiators have already resolved over $1 billion in tax debt. Speak with one of their strategists today for free. Don't let the IRS control your future. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. That's TN usa.com/megan. April 15th is just around the corner. Act now people before the IRS Acts, first


US District Court Judge James Boberg emerging as a central figure in the legal resistance to the second Trump administration. So far, federal judges handing down at least 15 universal injunctions nationwide orders halting President Trump's executive actions that can take months or even years to overturn none drawing more intense scrutiny than Judge Berg's decision to block deportations under President Trump's use of the Alien Enemies Act of 1798. Judge Boberg first halting the removal of five suspected members of the Trenda UA gang from Venezuela. Later broadening that injunction to cover all non-citizens subject to deportation under the order.


The move sparking fierce backlash from the Trump team, senior advisor Steven Miller, accusing Judge Boberg and others of overreach, These radical rogue judges that are urping the powers of the presidency and laying waste to our entire constitutional system. We spoke with Julie Kelly, reporter for declassified on Substack, who has covered Judge Berg's work extensively, both in this case and during his oversight of the January 6th trials in Washington DC. She says, the judge's concern for Venezuelan deportees stands in stark contrast to how he treated nonviolent Trump supporters. He sentenced one man who had just told him that his cancer returned, he sentenced him to 45 days in prison.


He sent another woman, 60-year-old woman from Pennsylvania on non-violent offenses, sent her to prison for 14 months. Her husband also had cancer. You know, they're aware of how these federal prisons operate. They know exactly how these people are gonna be treated. So I think that's the real double standard here is his very cautious concern over not just the alleged due process rights of these Venezuelans, but worried about how they're gonna be treated in an El Salvador prison when he, he demonstrated no such concern over how Trump supporters were gonna be treated in federal prisons. Under the Alien Enemies Act of 1798, the president has sweeping authority during wartime and invasion or an incursion to deport citizens of hostile nations with limited due process.


Judge Boberg has acknowledged that throughout the case, but continues to uphold his injunction anyway. Citing due process concerns for the illegal immigrants who are alleged gang members. Ms. Kelly reporting that Judge Boberg participated at a privately funded anti-Trump event. Just the news detailing on Monday, the legal conference featured sponsors and speakers who have expressed clear anti-Trump sentiments, particularly on immigration and January 6th, and a theme that echoed the Democrat Party's 2024 stated mission of saving democracy. He attended a big conference in Idaho sponsored by several well-known anti-Trump donors and officials in the DC Bar Association that has done all that it can to destroy lawyers associated with the president as the chief judge of the DC District Court.


You shouldn't be attending any event that has political tones to it or any political angle to it, but he's showing up to show to demonstrate that he's gonna use his authority unchecked until this point. To lead the judicial insurrection, the judicial resistance to President Trump and his administration Beyond Judge Berg's alleged political bias. Ms. Kelly pointing to signs of coordinated lawfare highlighting a CLU documentation, including testimony from the five unnamed Venezuelans at the heart of this case. One claiming to have overheard quote two US government officials talking and quote saying, there is an order saying we can't take off, But we already have.


There are groups of lawyers who are coaching illegals how to buck the system. So this appears to be a very good representation of that, how these legals know exactly what needs to be said, exactly how to countermand what the administration is saying in court and protect themselves from being identified as part of this gang. So it was pretty interesting to read these sworn statements, these declarations talking about what they saw and what they heard, but also saying that they don't speak English and they were asked to sign documents, but they didn't because they don't understand the language.


So it just goes to the insanity of the whole process. On Monday. Attorneys for the Trump administration and the defendants presenting oral arguments before a three judge panel of the DC Circuit Court of Appeals, the Trump administration asking the court to lift the pause on deportations under the Alien Enemies Act. The Obama appointed judge on the DC Circuit appeared skeptical of the administration's argument. Patricia Millet, highly doubtful of the government's claims. She suggested that the Nazis were treated better under the Alien Enemies Act than the Venezuelan subjects. Julie Kelly saying another Trump appointed judge Justin Walker was In fact more skeptical of the ACLU's arguments.


Judge Walker, on the other hand, kept pushing the A CLU as to why they didn't pursue habeas petitions for these individuals. They didn't really have a good answer for that. He kept saying that that was the appropriate remedy and asked why did the A CLU choose to file that lawsuit in Washington DC when none of the illegals in that lawsuit were lived in Washington dc. So it seemed like Judge Walker was very skeptical and, and noted, I think identified several problems with both the A CLU lawsuit and Jeb Berg's temporary restraining order.


So because it's an emergency motion expecting some sort of answer this week. So they might put a temporary stay on Jeb Berg's temporary restraining orders to halt those flights. And if they do what the DOJ said Monday afternoon is they would then go ahead and restart those deportation flights of TDA members to El Salvador. The third judge on the panel, Karen Henderson, is a George HW Bush appointee. She remained very quiet at the argument making her vote harder to predict. Devin Archer, former business partner of Hunter Biden on Tuesday receiving a federal pardon from President Trump.


Mr. Archer was convicted in 2018 of two felonies for his role in fraudulently selling more than $60 million of tribal bonds on behalf of a South Dakota tribe. The judge sentencing Mr. Archer to a year in prison, ordering him to forfeit nearly 16 million and pay 43 million in restitution. Mr. Archer has since claimed Hunter Biden was also involved in the scheme, but he was protected from prosecution. In August, 2023, Mr. Archer testified in a closed door oversight committee hearing where he provided firsthand accounts of Hunter Biden discussing business dealings with then Vice President Joe Biden. Contrary to what the Biden family had previously maintained, president Trump signing a full pardon from the White House on Tuesday afternoon, He's was prosecuted relating to a, a fraud investigation.


But notably the tone and tenor of of that prosecution changed dramatically after he began to cooperate with congressional investigators and serve as a witness against Hunter Biden and the Biden family. We believe that was an injustice and therefore we're asking you to, to pardon him. And many people have asked me to do this. I think he was treated very unfairly and I looked at the records, studied the records that he was, he was a victim of a crime. Mr. Archer telling the New York Post quote, like so many people, my life was devastated by the Biden Family's selfish disregard for the truth and for the peace of mind and happiness of others.


And that'll do it for your AM Update. I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the me Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at News East on youtube.com/me Kelly, and on all podcast platforms. Under Biden American's, cost of Living, skyrocketed food, housing, auto insurance, lawsuit abuse is a big reason. Everything's more expensive today. Frivolous lawsuits cost working Americans over $4,000 a year in hidden taxes. President Trump understands the problem. That's why he supports Loser Pays legislation to stop lawsuit abuse and put thousands back in the pockets of hardworking Americans. It's time to make America affordable again.


It's time to support the President's plan.