
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. It's the story that everyone's talking about. I mean, everyone, Elon Musk versus Donald Trump. Let me give you the background on it, and then I'll give you my take on it. This started when we were on the air yesterday, but it escalated quickly after we said goodbye, President Trump, writing on true social that he asked Elon to leave the administration. That's news. His special governmental employee status had expired, but it can be renewed. It goes for 130 days.


It could be renewed, renewed, renewed. That's what they did with Anita Dunn. In any event, he's now saying he asked Elon to leave because he said he was quote, wearing thin. Peter Ducey at Fox News reporting this morning, that same news, and saying it had been going on for about a month, about a month prior to all this, that he'd been quote, wearing thin, thin. And that musk went crazy, said Trump. When Trump took away the electric vehicle mandate, Trump then threatening to cancel government contracts that Musk has his companies have with the government. Musk responding by claiming Trump is in the Epstein files. Have a nice day. GDJT, he wrote the world's richest man that would be Elon next, claiming that he was decommissioning SpaceX Dragon Spacecraft.


That was the one that just rescued those astronauts off of the International Space Station. And by the way, right now, it's our only means of getting crew and cargo up to the ISS. And we have three astronauts up there right now. So it's kind of like an oh shit moment for them. Like Uhoh, my ride just got canceled. But then some obscure Twitter account said, why don't you quote cool down and don't do this. And Elon said, oh, okay. We won't de decommission the dragon. Now, I mean, obviously Elon was just looking for something. He, this guy did not convince him. He shot off a threat in his anger and regretted it moments thereafter.


There's no way Elon's leaving the three American astronauts stranded up there at the ISS over dispute with Donald Trump. All of this happening after months of the pair app praising each other over and over and over and over and over, And his rocket company is the only reason we can now send American astronauts into space. Come here, take over Elon. Yes, take over. As you can see, I'm, I'm, I'm not just Maga, I'm dark. Maga tell you, we have a new star. A star is born. Elon. Elon. I love the double hat, by the way. He's the only one that can do that. Get away with it.


Well, Mr. President, You know, they say, I wear a lot of hats. That's true. Even my hat has a hat. I mean, look, In terms of imagination, I think I have a great imagination. Who else? But this guy would design this. You gotta give him credit. Become one of your best friends. He's working for free for you. Well, I love the president. I just wanna be clear about that. You don't care about that. I know. I love the PIII love the president. I think, I think President Trump is a good man, and, and he's, You know, it's nice the way he said that. You know, there's something nice about it really is. It is. You know, You could almost, if you listen carefully here, Barbara Streisand, the way we were running underneath that montage of sound memories, amid rumors that Musk and Trump would talk over the phone today and put this whole thing to bed.


Trump telling multiple reporters, he has no interest in speaking what Musk shrugging off the feud and saying, he is totally focused on policy. Lemme tell you what I think is happening here. You have two giant egos. It's like Godzilla versus King Kong. There's a high entertainment value in watching it happen. I know some people are upset by it. I'm not upset by it actually at all. I don't think it hurts anything or anybody on the right. I really don't. I think it's just two massive egos doing battle like brawling and Trump. Let Elon go out there and pound the big beautiful bill for a while, and then the criticism got a little sharper and a little sharper.


And Trump, You know, of course he's going to eventually have enough of that. So he did. He brushed back and said, you're just mad about the EV subsidies being taken out. And then Elon went, like, Def Con won on him and said that he was in the Epstein files, which literally nobody believes, because how on earth would there be a Democrat White House that didn't reveal that Trump was, I mean, what does it even mean in the Epstein files in some nefarious way? I mean, I'm sure he means more than just in Jeffrey Epstein's black book, because we knew that Trump and Epstein knew him himself, knew each other. That's not news. So to su suggest he's in the files means like what? He's a, he's a pedophile, he's a pervert. He, he, he's like a Prince Andrew who had sex with, You know, a 17-year-old bullshit.


There's no way that Biden's administration would've kept that a secret. He was running against Trump. He was running against Trump that, so that's not true. And, you know, then Trump said, all right, You know, I'm gonna cancel your government contracts back and forth. And Elon doesn't really want his SpaceX program and it's help to NASA to be canceled. So he saw the re So there's, I don't know, it was kind of bound to happen. We all knew it was gonna happen. No one's really the worst off. Trump's certainly not the worst off. There was a poll out just this morning, Interac interactive polling showing everybody sided with Trump. All the Republicans have sided with Trump, not with Elon.


Trump had like 72% of Republicans saying they're with him. Only 6% said they're with Elon. Democrats hate them both. So where has this gotten us? Trump's not hurt. The big beautiful Bill will pass. Elon's already unpopular, maybe slightly more unpopular with some today. No government contracts are canceled. Trump's not in the Epstein book in any meaningful way. And we just watched the King Kong gorilla fight, which was, You know, pretty entertaining. That's my take. Ben Shapiro's here with his, he's the Daily Wire co-founder and host of The Ben Shapiro Show and author of the forthcoming book, lions and Scavengers, the True Story of America


Homeowners. You need to listen to this in today's AI and cyber world. Scammers are stealing home titles, and your equity could be the target. Here's how it works. Criminals can forge your signature on one document, use a fake notary stamp, pay a small fee with your county, and just like that, your home title can be transferred out of your name. Then they try to take out loans using your equity, or they even sell your property. You won't even know it's happened until you get a collection of or a foreclosure notice in the mail. So when is the last time you checked on your home title? The answer's probably never, but you need to do something about that right now. Home Title Lock can tell you if you're already a victim. Use our promo code Megan at home Title Lock dot com, and you'll get a free title history report plus a free 14 day trial of their million dollar triple lock protection. That's 24 7 monitoring of your title, urgent alerts to any changes. And if fraud does happen, they will spend up to $1 million to fix it. Don't be a victim. Protect your equity today. Go to home Title Lock dot com. Use promo code Megan, that's home Title Lock dot com. Promo code M-E-G-Y-N.


Ben, welcome back. Alright, so dying to hear your thoughts on it. Well, I mean, I'm pretty much with you. Wildly entertaining, right? It's King Kong versus Godzilla and, and watching the two of them smack each other is, is definitely high on the entertainment scale. So I think it has any real lasting impact on, on the Republican party. Not really. I, I think that there was always a sort of awkward alliance between the tech bro, right? And the blue collar populace, right? And I think that this has exposed some of those fissures for sure, because you can see people who are sort of stuck in the middle and feel awkwardly stuck in, in the middle of that. Do they side with Elon or do they side with Trump? Who, who's this influencer gonna side with? And so there's a lot of sort of entertainment weekly drama happening in the political sphere, and, and that's entertaining. But, but as far as sort of the broader coalitional point, is the big beautiful Bill going to pass?


The answer is yes. Is SpaceX going to stop providing services to the United States government? The answer is no. There is no substitute for SpaceX for the United States government. Blue Origin isn't ready. There's no real alternative. So with all of that said, has this shakeout, it might shake out in terms of kind of the, the personalities at play that if Elon is outside the administration sounding off on particular policy matters, President Trump goes by his gut, And he also tends to be quite reactive. So if Elon, for example, comes out in favor of one particular policy, you could see the president sort of come out in reverse of that policy, just despite Elon, you, you could see more splits inside the Republican party in congressional elections. Maybe Elon doesn't wanna be involved in congressional elections in 2026.


And so what you see is, is less money in those congressional elections from the Elon part of the, of the aisle. And, and again, you will see some strains emerge when it comes to, I think, particular political figures. The one that comes to mind here the most is the vice president who of course has one foot in Silicon Valley and one foot in blue collar Appalachia. And, and sort of is getting torn down the middle here a little bit just in terms of who is, who is he loyal to, which, which side does he like? But in the end, does it really make any large scale difference for the American voter? Not, not really. I think it's just more dramatic and and entertainment than anything else. I I think JD Vance is not torn. I, I mean, he only spent a couple years with Peter Thiel out there and did not have a positive experience. Nothing against Peter, but just he hated San Francisco.


He hated being in tech. And his loyalties are obviously to Trump, as are the, of course, Republican parties. Of course. I mean, the, what Elon, I think is starting to realize is while he can, his money can make a difference. It definitely can make a couple points of a difference in a certain political race here or there, not across the board. We saw it not work in Wisconsin on that Supreme Court, excuse me, election. The, the real person with influence is Donald Trump. And the person with the party loyalty is Donald Trump. Donald Trump took a bullet for the country and the party, and everybody watched that heroic moment. He's been through hell and back with these, You know, litigations against him and criminal trials against him.


He's earned the love and loyalty of the Republican party in particular, in a way, I don't know that anybody ever will again, I really don't. I just feel like he's been through so much. It, it's just, there's no, if you, if it's between, if so and so, and Donald Trump, Donald Trump is going to win even if they're, you're Elon Musk. The thing about Elon is, I think I speak for many, when I say everybody's grateful to him, the biggest thing he did to influence the election was buy X and restore free speech in America. But you, you cannot take on Trump politically with the right, you'll lose. Well, I mean, I think that's true. I I do think that there's one other thing that, that Elon did that that's sort of fascinating, and that is he did in fact open Silicon Valley to the idea of publicly expressing support for Trump.


And that was not a, a minor thing in, in terms of sort of the overall cultural acceptance of President Trump. So, so what Elon did, by being a major tech figure and saying, I'm not only supporting President Trump, I'm gonna go campaign for President Trump. And then suddenly you have Zuckerberg saying, You know, that that's a brave guy, President Trump, after, after the Butler attempted assassination, and suddenly you have Senator Hai over at the inauguration. The, the sort of opening up of, of the tech universe to the Trump universe has, has had some pretty impressive effects inside the Republican party. But it also, as I say, opened up a bunch of fissures over everything from sort of free trade and tariffs where tech bros are, are not in favor of tariffs. They're much more in favor of free trade. President Trump obviously is much more in favor of tariffs, and that tension has been playing itself out inside the administration to issues regarding crypto, technological development, ai, You know, all all of that sort of stuff is, is a sort of complicated mix for sure.


And, and Elon brought something to the table beyond his money, I think. And, and that was again, this image of this, this guy who was for a long time the coolest person in America, I mean the SpaceX guy, Tesla guy, innovator, bringing that to the table of a, of a Republican party that might have been perceived three or four years ago as, as a, a slightly older, more rural party. And so I, I do think that, that he brought that to the table, and if that starts to fray, you could see a change in the coalition, let's put it that way for President Trump. I don't think it makes much of a difference for the future of the Republican party. I think this was always going to happen, because when you have a coalition that is formed against the dominant party, which is What happened in 2024, the Democrats were dominant, Republicans were not dominant Republicans and, and sort of allied parties put together a workable coalition against the Democrats.


But then you get into power and you have to govern, and this happens with every single administration, is that you see battles that start to emerge between the various factions of the administration. And President Trump is unifying in a way, no other Republican figure of my lifetime has been. He can sort of float above a lot of those aspects. And because he's non-ideological, he can pragmatically pick and choose kind of from the tree of policy in, in a unique way. But I, I, You know, after President Trump is president, I think you will see a lot of these battles start to resurface. I think they're resurfacing now, even while President Trump is president. And that is fascinating. So I just wanna pick up on what you said about Elon making the Republican party party a bit cooler.


It, it had been more rural and maybe not as like hip. I don't agree with that. I love Elon and I really do believe more than any other American, he's saved free speech in this country. I think on the trans issue, we'd be light years behind where we are right now if it hadn't been for him buying X and being really bold about that whole thing. But I mean, having obviously covered Trump for a long time, very closely day to day, I, I think Donald Trump is the one who made the Republican Party cool. Again, Trump is the one who, You know, just with his fuck you attitude and his taking on wokeness, he brought Elon over, You know, Elon, he wasn't responsible for building Trump's constituency. It was totally Trump.


Elon came, I mean, with all due respect to Elon, he was quite late to the party. We were all there celebrating Trump, and, And he had brought in a lot, tons of young people and changed the coalition with black and brown and other Americans. And then Elon seemed to really get on board and respected What happened with Butler and all that. And so, like, I just feel like he was one of the late rivals. He was more in the Joe Rogan, Theo Von Camp, who very late in the game said, I love this guy. But a a lot of us were there without those guys for a very long time on President Trump's side and singing his praises. I mean, a again, I I agree with that. And of course, as soon as President Trump emerged from the first primary in Iowa, I think, You know, some of us were campaigning with him, some of us were raising money for him and, and all of the rest.


Yeah. But, but I, but I will say that, that the one, the one area where I do think something happened is there was a permission structure that did not exist before Elon and some of the tech bros jumped in that said that it was okay to be a high income earner in a blue area and say out loud that you supported President Trump three years ago. If you lived in San Francisco and you supported President Trump, you would probably lose your job. And that is no longer the case. Like Peter thi Yes. And that is no longer the case in a lot of these blue areas. It made it acceptable. Something changed. And it wasn't one thing. I think it was many things. I think one of the things was Joe Biden's absolutely abysmal performance as president, the fact that he was dead. I think part of it is that President Trump ran an actually shockingly disciplined campaign. I mean, people forget about how disciplined the campaign actually was for the vast majority of the campaign.


And, and obviously the assassination attempt changed a lot of things about the campaign. There were so many topsy-turvy events. But one of the things that, that I do think Elon should be given credit for is, again, the, the creation of a permission structure in, in people who, You know, would be considered the tech community or the white collar community to say, yeah, You know what? I like Trump and I'm gonna put on a MAGA hat, for example, which is something that, that a lot of those people wouldn't have done. They might have behind closed doors been like, yeah, You know, I like Trump and I'm voting for him. I mean, I know a lot of those people. I know Megan, You know, a lot of those people too. But it was really only in the late stages of this election cycle where we started to hear people who were quietly saying that they might Support Trump. I get it. I'm gonna back up though out loud and say it right. I'm still, I'm still not agreeing. I'm still not agreeing. I, I don't, I don't dismiss Elon's role in, in Trump's victory that I, I do think he, he played a role and it's been great to have him on the top, on the side of team sanity and paving the way for Team sanity.


I mean, I've told this story before, but I had a discussion with a very, very, like the top guy in tech who was like, oh, You know, we're starting to come around now on our censorship policies when it comes to the, the gender debate and the race discussions and the co I was like, oh, you're starting to come around on it now. Like, oh, you're now you're gonna stop the censorship. And he was like, well, You know, attitudes have changed on it. So like, I'm like, how do you think that happened? How do you think the attitudes changed? Because Elon Musk had balls and most of the rest of you did not. He had balls to let those decis deci discussions play out. And when they were allowed to play out without forcing our side to have an arm tied behind its back, we won.


So I have, that's the role that I see Elon playing that's been so critical in all, in all of this. But Trump, those guys out in Silicon Valley, they bent the knee after Butler. Everybody saw a superhero emerge on the stage that day and said, holy shit, I need to touch his cape. That's What happened with Mark Zuckerberg. He didn't do it because of Elon. He didn't even, like Elon. David Sacks was coming on this program regularly for the two years leading up to the election and was very in on DeSantis, but eventually DeSantis lost. And he went with Trump, I think, over Ukraine, where he's much more on sort of the JD Vance field on Ukraine. But it wasn't Elon that got David over.


If anything, it was maybe David who influenced Elon. That's been my take in watching it unfold. So I just think Elon may have overestimated his own role in the Trump rise and victory and, and Trump of all people was not gonna seed one inch on the big victory. And who was responsible for it? I mean, I, I, I don't disagree with actually a lot of that. And I think the timeline lines up with what you're talking about. The Butler assassination attempt changed an enormous amount, and it opened up a door for people like Elon to do that thing. The, the place where I'm actually most grateful to Elon, aside from obviously opening up X, is that I do think that what he actually tried to do with Doge was quite heroic to, to, to actually give up. Yes, I agree. You know, your, your life running some of the biggest companies on planet Earth and to take billions of dollars in hit in, in terms of market cap, in order to come in and try to cut the government.


And again, I think there is some something naive and ideological about it that I find actually kind of charming, because government just doesn't change that quickly. You can't shift a, a, whatever the United States government is a giant cruiser on a dime the way that Elon was attempting to do. And I think that a lot of the frustrations that he's expressing are frustrations that some of us have been having, You know, with the size and scope of the federal government for legitimately decades. But, but yeah, again, I think that when, when I've been breaking it down, I've been trying to break it down politically business wise. And, and then in terms of personality, obviously politically, I think you have here a, a a battle between somebody who is extremely ideological and, and almost naive in his ideological commitment to, to cutting government versus the pragmatism of President Trump.


And obviously ideologically, I agree with Elon, but when it comes to what actually can get passed and what can be done, President Trump is just correct about that with the big beautiful Bill when, when it comes to NPS, Trump has never been, he has never been the opposite of a, of a spender. He's a spender. He, he was a spender in his first term, of course. And he is still a spender. Literally. He, he literally, I mean, this is the thing that is driving me crazy about some of the people who are, are real fiscal hawks. I'm a fiscal hawk, but President Trump won in 2016, in part because in the primaries, he literally said he would not touch the entitlement programs. So people who are now frustrated, he won't touch the entitlement programs. He rejected the Tea Party message in 2016, Trump and More came, and in 2024, you get a car, and you get a car and you get a car philosophy of government. That's just true. That's why a lot of folks in like the more traditional lane of conservatism didn't want Trump as the nominee.


They got him anyway, and they decided it was worth it over a Kamala Harris, obviously. But yeah, he's not going to be the person who can keep the purse super tight like Elon and some others would like. Right, exactly. So, so that battle is playing itself, and that's, that's a normal battle. That's the same battle as the battle between Rand Paul, for example, and, and the president over the big beautiful bill where, where it comes to the personality stuff. You know, th this is the sort of stuff where you have two gigantic personalities. I mean, You know, both of them. I know both of them. N neither of these guys is a small ego. The the, neither of them takes insults particularly easily. They, they don't really like it very much that the president is a, a pretty forgiving guy. I mean, there are a lot of people around him who have really gone after him totally over the course of his career, and he's surrounded by them. I mean, JD Vance called him Hitler in 2016, now he's the vice president.


Marco Rubio ran against him in 2016. Now he's the Secretary of State. You and the president have had some run-ins I've had to like, and, and the president is okay with all of that. So, but with that said, in the moment, there is never going to be an insult that passes that he does not slap back at. That's just not how he operates. And Elon is very much the same way. And, and so the two of them going at each other this way, again, I think it, it would've been shocking if that had not happened at any point here. The thing that set it off is really the question, what actually set this thing off? And I don't think it was the beautiful Bill. I think the thing that actually set this off, I think It was the, the, the NASA guy, I think it was the NASA guy. I think the firing of, of Jared Isaac men at NASA was the thing that really set that off. And that is a tactical mistake by the Office of Personnel Management.


It really is. I mean, like the, the, the idea that Isaac, it tried To needle Isaac just set it up for the audience. 'cause we haven't talked about it yet. Sure. So Jared, Isaac Min is a billionaire space entrepreneur who was nominated for the NASA administrator while Elon was, was in the administration. And he's a very close friend of Elon and Elon, obviously, if I'm gonna, if I'm gonna decide who I want picking the NASA administrator, Elon actually is the person I'm going to ask. He's legitimately Yeah. He's got some expertise there. Yes. I mean, he's the person who knows what he's doing. And, and Isaac man, last week, right after Elon left the administration and, and had started fighting with the president over the big beautiful Bill right after that, Isaac Min, his nomination was withdrawn by President Trump, presumably at the behest of the Office of Personnel Management, which I believe is run by Sergio Gore.


And, and the, yeah, the, the sort of idea that was put forth was that Isaac Min had to be withdrawn because he had democratic donations. Now, first of all, that would've been first super easy for them to figure out when he was first nominated, right? He was nominated weeks in advance. It wasn't as though this happened within 24 hours. They knew that all along, what that really is was a, a way of needling Elon and, and kind of slapping Elon like he's out the door And he is mouthing off, and so we're gonna take your friend and we're gonna throw him out of a third story window. And, and I think Elon reacted very strongly to that. And that, that, I, I get, I don't, I don't agree with the way that Elon went about his, his sort of revenge tour against the president. And I, I disagree again, with, with like, the Epstein thing, as you say, is pretty ridiculous. I mean, first of all, the idea that Democrats who had access to all the Epstein files would've sat on information that Donald Trump was pedophilic assaulting children on Epstein Island.


Can you imagine? Like Joe Biden is sitting there And he is got that info and they don't release it yet. No way in hell, somehow President Trump's IS records are out there. I mean, it's just, it's an absurdity, but w no way. But with that said, You know, the, the, the sort of pettiness of that, of, of getting rid of Isman, who appeared to be at least a, a competent NASA administrator, just to kind of just to kinda, You know, slap it at Elon, this kind of stuff. It should be, You know, beneath the, the administration and then Elon's response should be beneath Elon. But I guess that we no longer do beneath, right? Yeah, we don't, that's exactly right. That, well, that's where it got, I mean, let's, let's be honest, who was leaving X yesterday afternoon for those three hours? I mean, some of the tweets that people were sending out were hilarious.


It was, it was entertaining. And I have to admit, I didn't feel sad. Like a lot of Republicans are like, I'm sad. I'm like, I don't feel sad. This is ridiculous. Yeah, they're having a fight, like they're big egos and big IDs behind them, and they'll probably make up, and this is just kind of drama. And sometimes we like drama. I don't know. I do get a little nervous when I'm like, when I'm seeing the left so happy. Like those, the late night comedians last night, I'll give you a, a taste of how they sounded. If they're happy, I'm not happy. Like, I'm not happy about the fight, but I'm just saying I'm not like sad. And all these people were like, for lo over. It's like, all right, grow up. They're having a dispute. It was bound to happen. They'll get past it. As you point out, Trump is extremely forgiving, and I'm sure Elon is too.


I mean, Trump's not whatever Laura Ingram reported last night, she's been told it's irreparable. Nothing is irreparable with Donald Trump. Nothing is irreparable. But here's how the late night losers were making fun of it. Elon gave us a fun one time to drop the really big bomb. Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That's the real reason. They have not been made public. Have a nice day. DJT Oh oh damn, oh, oh oh. Is this Twitter war a cheesy Gordita Crunch wrap Supreme, because it's dripping hot, messy filth, and I'm eating up every sloppy bite.


Oh, It's disgusting Time to drop the really big bomb. Donald Trump is in the Epstein files. That is the real reason. They've not been made public. Have a nice day. DJ TI Knew this day would come, and yet somehow it's even better than I imagined. It's like coming down the stairs on Christmas morning and finding a second tree. What does Elon know? What evidence could there possibly be that Trump was in league with Jeffrey Epstein other than this and this, and well, who for could forget this video that Elon went ahead and posted today.


Okay, so they're gonna, they're gonna shoot that into their veins, and that is one reason why we should be glad they seem to reach, I mean, I guess the phone call's off Ben, but Elon's tone on X last night was much more conciliatory, conciliatory in response to that one guy. Like, okay, I won't cancel Dragon. And then Bill Ackman yet again, tried to be the mediator of it, and Elon responded favorably to like, alright, yeah, we should stand down. Then Trump was holding an event with a fraternal order of police and was given the chance to comment on it And, you know, further bash Elon basically with the press who were asking him questions And he declined to do it. So it does seem like we've downshifted, which is also good.


Yeah, I mean, that's right. And, and the big beautiful Bill is gonna pass, and then all of this is gonna be kind of in the rear view mirror, because that was Elon's main critique. Again, I think that Elon is going to step away from a lot of the sort of overtly political stuff. He's already said that he needs to, and, and I think that that's probably right. So this is part of that broader shift away. Of course, the left is happy about this. What's what's amazing about this is that the left truly has been absolutely prone during the Trump administration. I mean, I'm amazed at this. There, their absolute inability to consolidate around any single point of resistance means that, of course, they're gonna enjoy this in the same way that you would enjoy it, or I would enjoy it if, You know, president Biden and Alex Soros had suddenly started publicly feuding with one another.


Right? It would be like wildly enjoyable and it would be really fun. And, and of course you'd be following it with bated breath. And I'll admit that, You know, watching Elon, You know, kind of just randomly tweet crap about Trump and watching Trump slap back at him on his own social media service, like it's good writing by God. I mean, I will, I will admit that, You know, the writing this season by God I thought was a little weak. And then God always sticks the landing like right at the very end. Totally. The season finale brings all the threads together. And, and I'll admit that like, like people who are treating this is like, oh my God, it's a tragedy. And the, and the rendering of, of clothing and the weeping and the gnashing, like, come on guys, like really, Really? I think these are kids of divorce. It's like, it's a, You know, it's triggering for them because to, to most normal people, I think it's just been highly entertaining. Like unfortunate.


Yes. It's not like something you'd want if you could choose not to have it, at least as if you're a Trump supporter. But here's some of the fun reactions yesterday, Kanye, his tweet got a lot of attention, bros. Please know with a hug emoji. We love you both so much. Babylon be always for the W Judge determines Trump will get the nation on weekdays, Musk gets every other weekend and holidays ex-US McGills, a federal judge just issued, issued an injunction against the Elon Trump breakup. That's right on. And then there's someone named David Burge. He writes, get your entry in now for the new Trump Elon nickname pool.


I've got a Fiverr on Muskrat that made me laugh out loud. The redheaded libertarian X is giving me anxiety today. I should probably go unwind with a serial killer documentary. And then this one from Ginny Hogan. Today is a huge win for every woman concerned. She acted like a psycho during her last breakup. And that leads me to this, this, this one Ben, which we, I mean, like everybody was thinking about this movie as we watched it happened. I'll give you the clip from Mean Girls To be cut Out Girls pictures from the yearbook. And then we wrote comments. Trang Pack is Krosky, little fi still true.


Don Schweitzer is a fat version Still half true. Amber Dalessio, she made out with a hot dog, Janice Ian Dyke. I don't, I don't know if they've seen it. I can't report that firsthand, but there seems to have been some inspo for it. Yeah, no, there are a bunch of people making comments that this is like the worst thing that could happen during Gay Pride month is just, just watching the breakup is just terrible. And you know, like the, the whole thing is like honestly on a, on a comedic level, if you can't laugh at this, I'm not sure what you can laugh at. Yeah. I mean it's inherently you're Too close close to politics. Yeah, exactly. Then you're just too close to politics. And also you take politics too seriously.


Okay, first rule of politics watching gang, and I've been doing it for a quarter century at this point. First rule, it is never House of Cards. It is always Veep, always this idea that it's like geniuses in the back room and they're coming up with magical plans and it's all 40 chess and underwater upside down, hungry, hungry hippos. It just isn't. It just isn't. It's a bunch of big personalities who are fighting over increasingly important things. I mean, like, okay. And, And you know what's gonna happen at the end of this? Nothing. SpaceX will continue to operate that's right with the United States government. The big beautiful bill will still pass. Again, like the only fallout that I see is that, and you can kind of see it in influencer world, the people who really are lamenting. It's like, oh my God, I'm on x and and now I love Elon, but I also, I'm loyal to Trump and, and who do I back and, and how do I, how do I manipulate the situation and Elon unfollowing particular people and all this kind, like, here's the deal.


If you feel the necessity to, to sit around wondering what Elon thinks of you or what Trump thinks of you about taking sides, you think too much of yourself. These people are very Yeah, that's exactly right. They don't Care. Like really no one gives up, no one gives up rat's ass. Seriously. Like, like get over yourself. These are two big egos with, with gigantic, the richest man in the world, the most powerful man in the world having a, a cat fight. And you know what? You have nothing to do with it. And in the end, if it doesn't matter to the voter, then I don't really care. And I'm just gonna enjoy the fireworks a little bit. There's, There's a very Trump supporting ex account, but he also loves Elon that goes by the name of Cat Turd. And somebody tweeted out who gets cat turd in the divorce. You know, like, we have so much that we're gonna have to settle here.


But the other rule of politics too, you're right, Veep more than House of Cards is there are no real friends in politics. There are no real friends in politics. And anybody who took the old we're BFFs. And I love Donald Trump as much as a non-gay man can love. It's like, okay, You know, they love each other as much as two people who are in politics and Elon has been in politics for the past six months can love each other. That's until the love expires over something like the big beautiful Bill. I don't think the big beautiful bill is ever at risk of causing Mrs. Dr. Shapiro and Ben Shapiro to break up. It's also not at risk of dividing Doug brunt and yours truly.


It's not love and it's not real friendship. It's an allyship and it's there until it doesn't work for one or both parties. That's exactly right. I mean, it, it's a business like any other business. And I think Elon knows that, and I think, I think Trump knows that. I don't think either of them is personally affected in any deep and abiding way by, by any of this. I think the one lesson that should come out of this, actually when, when he comes to sort of the arguments over the electric vehicle mandate and, and SpaceX subsidies and all this kind of stuff is actually ideologically Elon is right. You know, what'd be awesome is if the government were so small that, that you couldn't use it as giant grab bag of cash for particular, You know, particular policies. But a a as we say, I think the overwrought drama and people, it is fun to watch.


I mean, I will admit that, that watching the exchanges between like Kat Turd and Alex Jones over who they side with and like Alex Jones literally said to Cat Turd today on, on X I'm not part of your cult. And I'm like, I don't even know what's going on anymore. But You know what, I'm just Like sitting, I'm sitting just Sitting popcorn meme like, okay, You know what? I'm here for the ride. Okay, Whatever. Same. We were joking that our, our, You know, we have this now a morning news update update podcast that we put out. We were joking that our producers on it last night we're like, oh my God, my, like, trying to keep up with every iteration. As soon as you thought you had it, like done, it wasn't done. There was another iteration coming your way. More of the leftist reaction to this. These are actually kind of laughable and fun.


Let's, let's check in on a OC and see what she has to say. Any quick reaction on what's going on with Elon Musk and President Trump on Twitter right Now? Oh man, the girls are fighting, aren't they? I think this misgender we've been seeing a long time coming, but we'll see what the impacts are at are of it legislatively. Okay. You're so cool. Referring to them is the girls. She's above it all. Ben, that's what she's trying to telegraph. You see, she's the adult in the room, the one out out there who doest preach your accent and she leans into her fake Latina accent and like she's the adult in the room.


Yeah. Again, like Democrats had a good day yesterday, but isn't that great today? Because their poll numbers still suck and, and Donald Trump's poll numbers are stronger than they've been actually for, for weeks at this point. And so if the best they can do is just enjoy the fireworks the same way you and I are enjoying the fireworks, that doesn't win them any additional votes. Yeah. It's not as though anyone is going to vote against Republicans because Donald Trump and Elon Musk are having a fight. Yeah. Or vote in favor of a OC because there's some drama happening in the White House. That's not the way any of this works. That's Right. Or vote down to BBB. Yeah, exactly. She, she, she has no power. She has no influence. She like 20% of the Democratic party thinks she's the thought leader. I think Republicans at this point are probably rooting for her to be the thought leader of the Democratic party because it means they have no thoughts.


But this sort of, You know, like, oh my God, the the girls are fighting kind of who, who thinks that's charming or interesting or, or fun. I know good luck to The Democrats. She's a mature one. Again, The the amazing thing to me, I I I will never get over the fact that the Democratic Party has been given some actual opportunities if they wanted to attack the Trump administration to do so, but they can't let go of their insane radicalism long enough to do it. It really is like an amazing, incredible thing. They're still out there doing the trans athletes in sports and illegal immigrants need healthcare routine. And Meanwhile, Donald Trump is actually getting things done with executive orders and major legislation on the foreign policy front. You, you, you could imagine a world where the Democratic party was not insane and they actually were able to somehow twist this into a, a broader narrative, but they, they just have no capacity to do it.


Oh, Chris Murphy's out there, okay, he says the following, when 15 million Americans lose their healthcare and plunge into personal crisis, none of them are going to give a shit. This is his new things to drop swears He thinks it makes him relatable about a made for clicks Twitter fight between two billionaires, blah, blah, blah. Okay, get, get boys out of girl sports. You disgusting pervert. I'm sorry. But anybody who enjoys watching that, there's something wrong with them. There's something wrong with Chris Murphy. No. Like, take a seat until You know how to protect 12-year-old girls. You can be quiet. No one wants to hear your opinion about anything. And then I'll give you this one from my old pal over the New York Times, Lulu Garcia Navarro, she's, she's not really my pal, but she interviewed me and I actually liked her, but she's a leftist and saying leftist things about the Trump Elon fight.


Here's what she said on CNN, I have so many thoughts about this. So, You know, I think this is bad for Musk. I am, if you look at the history around the world of authoritarians breaking up with their oligarch buddies, those oligarch buddies don't end up in a good place. They either end up impoverished, imprisoned or dead. I'm not saying that that's gonna happen to Elon Musk here, but the power is with the government. You saw Donald Trump immediately say, alright, we're gonna take away your, You know, contracts, Impoverished, imprisoned or dead.


I'm not saying that's what is gonna happen, but that's typically what would happen in this kind of a fight. E everybody needs to calm the F down seriously. Just calm the F down. And, and it, it is not, it's not just her by the way. Like I know Steve Bannon is just enjoying himself wildly and, and oh, Steve's like Steve is having like Steve's orgasmic over this because Steve, for Mike has Been, can I play some for Can you just hold that thought for, forgive me because we have a little bit of that and here's, let's play the audience. What we're talking about sought four from Bannon last night. President Trump should be taking immediately, I think when he threatens to take one of the big programs out of SpaceX, President Trump tonight should sign an executive order calling for the Defense to Production Act to be caught in SpaceX and seizes SpaceX tonight before midnight.


And he said that Trump should deport Elon, who Steve is convinced, lied about the facts in order to get his citizen application approved. Steve is so thirsty to be in the White House. He's so thirsty. And, and listen, You know, again, Steve and I don't get along. I agree with some of the things Steve says. Really? And Elon El, he don't get along. Oh, well he, he hates Elon. I mean like really hates Elon. He hates Elon. Yeah. Hates him. And, and so from the day that Elon had influence with Trump, he's been waiting for this moment to kind of insert himself back into the narrative. But I love that the way that that Steve does that is always by taking the most outrageous possible position, we should put him in jail and then we should slate him for execution the next morning by firing and seizes his company sees we should, we should nationalize all of SpaceX and Tesla just for good measure just to f with them.


We should take X and we should reverse merge it into truth social. Like, like, come on, really? Come on Steve. Really? Steve, really like, okay, I get it, I get it. Stop being so thirsty. President Trump will eventually return your phone calls. Like, really? Like is It was fun. Alright, so over on Team Sanity. That's, that's a OC that's what she would tell you the Dems are or Chris Murphy. That they're, they're now Team Sanity. They're having debates about the immigration problem that include terms like undocumented citizens. Just let that sink in. Undocumented citizens a term that was actually dropped on CNN last night.


Listen to it here. Scott Jennings is involved. Bakari Sellers is in involved, and then Kat Abuela a democrat Illinois congressional candidate on free healthcare for illegal swatch. Everyone deserves Healthcare. Do you have any illegals? Every single person in the world deserves He Just for the record, As a candidate, you're free. Illegal aliens getting Medicaid. I Think everyone in the world deserves healthcare. That's a yes. That's a yes. Can I start my logic train with you? Are you for it or not? My logic train starts with the fact that I don't want, I don't want to kick 11 million people off. Do you Medicaid illegal aliens on or not? Do I want illegal? First of all, do I want undocumented citizens to have healthcare? The answer is yes. Oh God, that is, that is not a thing, Ben.


No, it, it, it is not. In fact, you need to have your documents to be a citizen. And that that is, that is oxymoronic. I mean, it, it's, It is amazing emphasis on the moronic. They, they, they literally cannot just let go of their far left priors and it's going to sink them. It truly is. And again, again, I if you are strategizing this out, if you are a Democrat, what you'd be strategizing out right now is something where you say, look, the economy could be soaring right now. Instead the economy is sort of wavering right now. And and that's because of the tariff war, or that's because of the cozy relationship between business and Trump and, and all of the, there are people who are getting rich while the American workers being left behind. Right. You, you could, you could try to trot something out like that, but they can't do it.


Instead they're arguing over whether undocumented citizens, which, which again makes literally zero sense, literally none. And it's, it's like saying felonious innocence like that, that's not how it works. They Yeah. Do it. Trotting that out. And that's your pitch. This is your big pitch for getting back in the game. Yeah. This, this is it, this is your thing. When you see the numbers, like the, the polls that show the American public is so overwhelmingly in favor of Yes, deporting all, not not just the criminal illegals, they're all criminal illegals, but the extra criminals like who have committed murders and rapes and child molestation, but all of them. All of them. So here's a little bit more from that same debate. 'cause it descended into being about slavery. Okay, watch Scott.


Do you think that you, your family was born here. You were born here. You weren't born here, Scott. I was born in foster all Where's your, where does your family come from? My family wasn't born here. Our country is built on immigration periods. What kind period? What kind? Okay. Oh, and well, first of all, before we go to commercial, what kind, what kind of immigration was I brought here already? You're already in the hole. You sure you won't wanna stop digging? No, because it was slavery. That's not immigration. Come on. Well, okay, come on. What all, there's, there's a lot to be said. Come on, hold on, hold on. No, no, but you can't say, come on. When somebody's like, my family was brought here in chains, the answer's not. Come on. We we're gonna, What I, it says this is what the left always does. When you have him against the wall, they play the race card.


That's their favorite thing to do. Or it could be the identity card, it being Pride Month. That's a favorite for the month of June. But he, he was trying to make the point we were not built on illegal immigration. The country was in a very different position because that's what the left always wants to say. We, we we're built on immigration. Built on immigration. We weren't importing against the law against us policy, a bunch of criminals from Venezuela. That's not how the United States was built. Right. And, and again, it it seems kind of insulting to actually the descendants of slaves to compare people who are literally brought here in chains against their will to people who are voluntarily, illegally crossing the border and then receiving government benefits. That doesn't seem like the same thing to me at all, actually.


It's, it, it's a, it's a bizarre argument for certain, but again, just demonstrates that the Democrats, they cannot get outta their own way. They cannot get outta their own way. They're so ideologically tied to this intersectional view of what politics has to be. That and, and, and hoping that there's some day sx Mackinac that basically saves it. I think that's really what's happening partially with this Elon Trump fight and, and them hoping this is the day SX macina, that this is going to be the, the event from the outside, the exogenous shock that somehow is gonna wake Americans up to the fact that that Trump is crazy and Elon is crazy and the entire Republican party is so crazy. And then they'll like move back into our category guys, whatever's going on between Elon and Trump and half as crazy as the proposition that boys are girls and America ought not have a southern border. Right On. By the way, Trump tweeted out the other day that Joe Biden died in 2020 and that this version of him is like fake.


So if that, like, that didn't really convince anybody like that. That was a day ending in why in the, in the current, You know, political era. So no one's gonna believe Trump's crazy, he says crazy things to get a rise outta people, to entertain us, but that they haven't been able to sell that thus far. Here is the other piece of the, the Democrat problem. They're elitist snobs and all these policies, they're desperate. And we see this with some of the Chamber of commerce Republicans too. They're desperate to keep these illegals here because they really do want them to mow their lawns. That's how they see it. It's like they always say, who's gonna mow your lawn? Who's gonna take care of your garden if we don't have illegals here? And now We had this nutcase videos from Vermont Daily Chronicle Democratic representative Becca Balint and an appearance the other day putting an even more interesting spin on it in SAT nine.


We have to come to a place in Congress where it is no longer a political issue, but we see it as an existential issue for the country. If we don't have avenues for people to come here legally to work or to build a home here, I, I'm gonna be really cr right now. We're not gonna have anybody around to wipe our asses because we don't have enough people. Oh my God, Ben. Hmm. That's a take. That's a take. Gotta have some people here illegally so they can wipe some asses. That's, that's, that's a take.


I mean, I assume that Biden family has enough money that they can hire people who are legal to, to wipe the ex president's ass. But that that is good point. Like this is, I I I love that if a Republican ever said that about illegal immigrants who would immediately be the most racist thing you ever heard and Democrats, my just kind of God cro that stuff out there as though it's totally normal and then everybody just kind of goes about their business. It really is an amazing thing. So we've heard in the last 10 minutes that illegal immigrants are akin to slaves and also that illegal immigrants must be here to wipe the butts to wipe our racist of Americans. And that's somehow that were Wait, were the, like, are parties the racist party? Like what I'm really concerned about how Becca Balint, did she, does she not know how to wipe her ass?


'cause I don't know how she's made it to this point in Adulthood. Well, I mean that's without be fair, she's in Congress without, to be fair, she's in Congress. That's that, that, that I'm not gonna go there. That's, that's that is quite possible. Perhaps a, a significant percentage of Congress does not know how to wipe, wipe their own ass. That that is. But here's The big question. Who is, who has a dumber general collection gen? Like if you average the iq, which group would be dumber members of Congress or members of the media? Oh God. Wow. I know. Even with your iq, that's a tough one to answer That I, yeah, yeah. I I I I don't know the, I mean it, I I believe that zero, that you can't go below it in terms of iq. So now you're asking me to compare zero to this is like comparing infinity to infinity, like the the number is equivalent.


I I'm not sure that we're Negatives. Yes. Okay. Well listen, this might put you over the edge. I'm gonna try, hold on a second. There's so many to choose from here that I've got teed up for you. Here is Christian Amur, who, well, I'll just let the soundbite speak for itself. Stop 19. When I went to Harvard to give this speech, and it was just a few days ago last week, I must say I was afraid I'm a foreigner. I don't have a green card. I'm not an American citizen. I'm fairly prominent and I literally prepared to go to America as if I was going to North Korea. I took a burner phone, Jamie, imagine that.


And I was really afraid I'd even talked to the CNN security person because of this. I've heard that many, including British citizens, have been stopped at the border and questioned for hours and hours and hours. It, it, it was scary. Luckily, Jamie, I was welcomed. I mean the immigration officer at Boston where I came in could not have been nicer. Ur she's worried she's gonna get hunted down in the street for being a British citizen. I mean, yeah, she, and she's the international reporter. I mean, she should try going to many of the countries that she covers and see how she's treated there. But by the way, I'm gonna go full Steve Bannon here.


We totally should have arrested and deported her. Like sure. Why the hell not? I mean, he soup nuts Wrong about everything. He's not wrong about everything. No. I mean, and and by the way, she thought she was gonna be treated badly at Harvard. At Harvard. Like, really? Okay. I went to the law school over there, Christiana, I'm on poor. Basically they have a statue of her at the Harvard School of International Relations. That's right at, or the Kennedy School of Government. Like this is the what, what, what? Absolute horseback. She was scared. I'm sure she, I'm sure she was deeply fearful. I'm sure it was like traveling into Syria or something. I got another one for you. We, we deserve this fun today, Ben Shapiro. We deserve it. We work hard for a living. We do this every day. Some days are leaner than others, but today is an abundance of riches. I give you Whoopi Goldberg on Maryland, governor Wes Moore.


He is a black man who many thought well still think could be the Democrat nominee, although officially he said he is not interested. But listen to this, You know, you have someone like Wes Moore who is a perfect candidate. I love We Moore, You know? Oh my gosh. And, and people are saying, well, he, he, You know, you can't elect a black man. Why not? Well, hell yeah. We did. We did it twice. Well, I'm just, again, but I'm saying, well, You know, I'm, And what I like About Westmore, for example, he thinks outside of the box, People are saying, you can't elect a black man. Literally no sane person is saying that. Well, I mean, we did twice. So, I mean, that's, hello. That's kind of, that's kind of weird. And then we, and then they tried to have us elect a black lady after their candidate died.


So I, yeah. And, and We did elect that black lady twice as our vice president. Well, once as our vice president and once is a US senator. Right. That, that, that is true to our, to our great and, and everlasting shame and discredit. But yes, the, the most intelligent people at the view, the view collective IQ negative Again, I, we might have to tip the scales in favor of Congress as being the smarter group. I hate to do it. I mean, I know Jasmine Crockett is there, but I'm just, sorry. We've got Jim Acosta. Ben, it's, I'm, I'm afraid we're gonna have to wave the, the white flag. Fair enough. Thank you for participating and for jacking up our average. It's a pleasure, my friend.


Take care. Good to see you. All right. Coming up next, the ladies from Red Scare


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona, believes we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes an equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling, you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU C'S online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


While we enjoy the temporary mean girls fight happening between the world's richest man and the world's most powerful one, the martinis are back. And so are the ladies from the Red Scare Podcast. Here with me in studio again, Anna Ian and Dasha Nekrasova. Ladies, welcome back. Thanks for having and all best wishes to you on your new marriage. Thank you. Aw, that's amazing. So you got married just in May or? Yeah, about a month ago. Oh, how's it going? So far, So, so good. I mean, they, they call it the honeymoon phase. Yes. But I love being married. How Long were you engaged before you? How beautiful. Look at that picture. Oh yeah. Where is that? Where is that? That's at my church in the East Village.


Oh my gosh. Gorgeous. Oh wow. Well, How long were you guys together before you got married? About a year. We got married pretty quick. That's good. That'll do it. Yeah. You want kids or, oh good. Yeah. How about you make a great mom? Did you go? Of course, yes. Okay. Yeah, Though our haters were speculating that I didn't because I was absent from the pictures. 'cause I was so busy taking pictures of everybody. Yes. This is one of my fears as a mother. Can I tell you this? That like, I am always taking pictures of my kids and Doug and the moments together that I worry someday they're gonna look back and be like, she was never there. What do you Mean? Who do you think was holding the camera? Exactly. It's like that footprints thing with the Lord there carrying you.


Anyway. Okay. What do you guys make of the Elon Trump mean? Girls dust up. I was begging and pleading with my friends in the group chat this morning to give me like a summary of the bill. The bill sounds good. Overall, I'm sure with like Bill big bills like that, there's always some filler. I think that he flew too close to the sun. He like overestimated his power. Elon. Yeah. Because I think like he is a guy who, You know, he, we have to be grateful to Elon because he did buy Twitter. He was a top donor to the Trump campaign. I think he really moved. He said Trump wouldn't have one without him. Yeah. No, you're really playing with fire.


Well That was the crazy part because I think he really did, for example, move the needle and getting a lot of the other tech moguls like Bezos and Zuckerberg to come around to the right more. But when he's talking, when he's like going on the computer and talking about that Trump should exercise a little bit more gratitude. He sounds like an ungrateful immigrant, right? He right. He said so, so ungrateful or something. Yeah. Yeah. Which was He sound, he seems like a scorned lover. Yeah. You're, you're at risk of seeming like a bitter ex. Yeah. I mean there's part of me, 'cause I have a little bit of a paranoid streak that thinks it's all a little bit of theater and kfab perhaps. But What do you mean Kfab? What does that like From wrestling where they like are kind of stunting.


Okay. But they all, everyone knows that it's fake. Trump's always doing a little bit of that. Yeah. I mean, I don't know if EI feel like Elon, he's erratic. Very much so. And so I feel like he probably did feel attacked when they yanked his NASA nominee. He didn't like that. He reportedly almost came to blows with Scott Bessant over who was gonna head up the IRS. Elon wanted that whistleblower. He's a good man. Gary Shepley. Yeah. Who was one of the ones who blew the whistle on how they were slow rolling the investigation into Hunter Biden and that that Joe Biden, DOJ was not letting him and his team of investigators actually figure out what Hunter did in time for a criminal case to be brought.


So he's a heroic man in my view. And Elon reportedly was behind him as the head of IRS. But Scott Bessant didn't want him. He wanted, as Scott Besson is at treasury, obviously the IRS is under his purview ultimately. And he wanted his own guy. And reportedly they almost came act to actual blows in the White House closed too. So I think Elon is, he's got an explosive temper. Yeah. And he was pissed that his NASA proposal guy who is well on his way to getting chosen and confirmed got yanked because OMB decided it wasn't the right guy. And the guy was actually a democrat. Ben Shapiro and I were talking about it a little bit.


I think Elon didn't appreciate that. I think Elon genuinely does hate the big beautiful bill. He thinks It's Oh yeah, he wants a slim bill. He Says yeah. He said Slim, slim and beautiful. Yeah. Better. Yeah. I, I mean I don't think it's really like about deficit spending. Oh, cheers. Cheers. And yeah, the deficit, you Don't think it's about deficit spending Not for him. Like people are saying it's about the NASA appointee, the EV mandates and so on and so forth. I think that he just really miscalculated his role in the administration, his place in the organization, his place in the cosmos. Because he's obviously a, a very smart guy who's a little bit autistic and retarded.


And I think he's made the classic error where he thinks because he's had like, You know, some, not some, but a great deal of success and has some, a lot of expertise in certain particular fields that this kind of translates to some greater wisdom or omniscience across the board. Well, and especially when you're talking about politics, it's its own animal. In the same way Trump should not spend six months at, You know, SpaceX and try to advise Elon Mm. On how to make rockets. Right. Like Elon is on thin ice spending six months in politics trying to tell Trump how you get legislation through what can be done. I mean, the whole thing is always so ugly and disgusting and a turnoff.


That's politics. Well, Bannon's probably feeling pretty vindicated. Bannon's feeling really happy because He's been harping about the tech oligarchs. Yep. Batya Ungar Sargon. Same. She's been, she writes now for the free press, but she's a democrat who's a Trump voter and very focused on the working class. And she's not an Elon fan. There's this guy Dave Marcus, who used to come on this show, but then he got hired for Fox by Fox, so now he can't come on. But he's, he's skeptical about Elon, a lot of guys who are really like in touch with the working class. And I would include all three I just said have been very skeptical of Elon and thinking that this whole thing is about Elon pushing Elon's interest. Not this fight, but his whole alliance.


I don't believe that. I don't buy that. Yeah. I don't, he seems like autistic enough that he believes, he believes about Oh oh in some like greater principle or ideal. I don't think it's strictly about his his, he's also calculated enough to, he's not gonna do something that's against his interest. Right. Except for yeah. Having this huge crash out from Well, or getting political in the first place was dangerous just because look What happened at Tesla. But the truth is, You know Elon, I saw him last September, September of 2024 at the all in summit out in California. And I mean his big issue was we're going broke, we're going bankrupt and that we have to find we ways to save within this federal government or we're gonna go bankrupt.


And you know, the politician attitude is kick the can down the road. Yeah. Until we are bankrupt. It's really someone else's problem. It's like sustainably unsustainable forever and ever until it's not. And obviously like with this bill, as a friend of mine pointed out, it's all trillions of dollars. Yeah. Yes. 37 trillion over 10 years you said In debt. And obviously no, it's gonna raise it 3 trillion more over the course of 10 years. It's all Already, unless, unless GDP spurs, like it gets spurred by the tax cuts. Yeah. And it goes up proportionally, But I mean it just, obviously the, the spending cuts will not be enough to offset the tax cuts as I understand it. Right. Is this bill getting passed in the first place? It is. Yes. It's Going. Yep. It's going through.


But Trump is banking on, like What happened in 2017 is Trump lowered that corporate tax rate like by double digits. He lowered taxes across the economic spectrum. The poor who barely pay taxes to begin with all the way up to the uber wealthy all got a tax cut and the economy got chugging. I mean it was great before COVID hit. It was great. And he's banking on the same thing happening now. He doesn't listen to it is a left-leaning CBO congressional budget office that scores how much will be added to the deficit. And they don't really bake in the American worker engine of like, this is gonna make people higher. Truly if, if I get to keep the tax cuts I got in 2017, by the way, net net my taxes went up because in the tri-state region we had the salt deduction taken away.


It was whatever fine. But I will hire, I'd be more likely to hire than, than I would to fire. Like if they jack my taxes up, I'm not gonna take the hit. I'm probably just not gonna hire an additional body. I mean that makes sense. And with the deficit, I just don't think normal people even really understand. Or when you're talking about like trillions of dollars, people can't even really conceive of that. Right. And it just isn't, I know it sounds naive, but I just don't think it's that big of a deal. It's like when you're in debt, the Debt ceiling I know. Let's Sure raise it. I know, Right? Like, have you been in bad debt at all ever? So I was just law school, I was taking on over a hundred thousand dollars of debt and I was paying for it myself.


And You know, you, it gets a little scary 'cause you're not sure you're gonna get a good job at the end of this. You hope you will. Yeah. But I remember that feeling. And you go without Right. You can't buy anything. I lived in a very crappy apartment and I was not buying, I couldn't really buy whatever you frivolous spending streets where you go to like the clothing store and you get a cute new outfit. Yeah. Or what I, my big goal was I wanted to be able to go into a pottery barn and buy what I wanted. Right. I was looking forward to that as a goal. Anyway, my point is I couldn't buy anything. But if the credit card company had come to me at the time and said, we'll raise your limit by 10 grand and you can buy one of, I would have said yes, you would've Gone for a, you're investing in yourself.


You have to spend money to make money. That's one of the only things I know about economic. It's we keep our business afloat. Well talk about that. What do you mean? Like what do you do as a, as a, as an actress. Does this mean like investing in your looks and making sure you, you stay atop the field? That's how I justif. Yeah. I mean, yeah, you can't hoard your resources. It's, you have to allocate them towards yourself in a spirit of prosperity and abundance. Okay. Which Donald Trump's, You know. Yeah. I mean it sounds he's a prosperity gospel guy. He is. It sounds kind of like easy when we say it, but like if you are not anxious about money, you tend to make money. Anxiety about money is a killer for any sort of like ambition or like financial success.


I agree with that. Now I have a question for you since we, I brought up Hollywood. What is everyone doing to their faces out in Hollywood? What is Gwen Stefani? There's Chris Kardashian, there's Anne Hathaway. Who else am I missing? Midplane Facelift. Okay. What is that? I don't totally know but it's less Wait, deep plane, right? Deep plane. Is that what it's it's Saying why don't they have any scars? Those closeups, they go Behind the ears. I saw it in their close behind your ear and I saw nothing. Huh. I think they're doing like a deep plane, which is when they not only stretch the skin back but they move the muscle underneath. Is this new? Because why does, why did those face loves, if that's what we're talking about.


Look so much better than everybody else's. I think. I'm Sure there's been some like advancement in the technology and I suspect they're also probably just doing fat transfers. So they're taking fat from somewhere in your body and reinjecting it in their taking volume. I want that. Me too. Me Too. That solves, that's my problems at once. Not really though. Because the truth is if you ever see somebody's had like too much lip liposuction. Yeah. It just looks weird like The Skin. Yeah. And by the way, those fat cells then have to regrow someplace else. So if you overeat, You know, suddenly you have fat elbows instead of thighs, which looks normal, You know? Yeah. I mean Anne Hathaway looks fantastic. She's never Looked better. She Looks Unbeliev normal. And also Christine Aguilera, Lindsay Lohan, they all have, Yes.


That's another one. Lindsay Lohan in particular. Yeah. She claims she drinks like lemon water. Maureen Callahan went off on the pod because it was amazing water. Sure. Water that's Staying hydrated. That's, That'll do it. It's so ridiculous. Yeah. I think that they also probably have like, they probably do a lot of like red light therapy and lasers and it's also just like photography lies and they're like filtered at all times. The other, if you saw the real Life about is Jennifer Connolly Nothing. What about her? She Looks so good. Well, she was in Dark matter. I don Dunno if you guys watched that, but it was great. I worked with her. You did? Yeah. Wait in what?


We did a film together called Bad Behavior. Oh. And I really, she is act, maybe she's had like minor tweaks, but really like, she's just aged so well and is so beautiful. It's incredible. If you see her in dark matter, she's got like, the Chin is like, oh That's the Roosevelt Island. And then down, You know, it's like she, she's my age. She looks so good. No, it's the one, this guy, the theory of dark matter is this guy comes up with sort of a, a weighted time travel. You go into this black box and you go to an alternate universe in which you might already exist. Like you could sort of spy on another version of yourself and then as the series goes on, you, you realize like this guy has created like an infinite number of alternatives of himself running around to the point where you no longer really know who the original is.


Because every clone has exactly the same memories and childhood experiences of the original. Oh, okay. Thus kind of wiping out the original entirely. Like there's no more like patient zero because they all have the same. It's bizarre and it's great. Huh. And I'm not generally into sci-fi, but I recommend this one. Do you like It? Yeah. It's, it's out now. This sounds like Michelle Beck possibility of an island where the protagonist corresponds with his future clones over time. I, it's like a similar thing. If you could clone yourself, would you? No, no, no. I'm ready to die. I don't care. No, I might do it. What? And then not do what with your clone. Ask the person for advice.


I just think it'd be cool. First of all, my life would be a lot easier, But I think we will all be cloned in the future twice. Re gonna be AI deep faked. Can I tell you like several rich people I know. I mean like very rich are cloning their dogs. Hmm. Yeah. Didn't Malay do that? The Argentinian. Oh, did he? Javier? Yeah. He cloned his, oh yeah, he's Very, he was like in love with his German shepherd or something. That's right. He's like had four that are all Maybe that was, yeah. I tell you for a fact, I will not be cloning St. Strudwick. My dog. Okay, so back to New York City. Yeah. Where I live for 17 years. Yes. You live now. You live now. Yeah. There's a lunatic running for mayor.


And I saw that he got your attention. So he's one of these Democrat socialist types. He's not, he wasn't born in America. Here are some fun facts about him. This is not exactly a New York City story. It's a leftist insanity story. Here are some facts about him. His name is Zoran Kwame Momani. He's a New York City, New York State assembly member. He is running for mayor. He wants to freeze the rent, make buses fast and free and deliver free universal healthcare or childcare. It's free, free, free. Yeah. Trust me, you won't have to pay a dime. He was born and raised in Uganda. He moved to New York City age seven. He graduated from the New York City public school systems, attended the Bronx High School of Science. He became a naturalized American citizen in 2018.


He represents the 36th district in this New York State Assembly, which is an immigrant heavy slice of queens. And he wants to be mayor. Well, they just had their first televised debate in New York And he had a lot of fun things to say, including, hold on a second. Yeah. What is it? 46. I lost my, my soundbite sheet. Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah. Let's do that. 46. Take a listen to him. I am Donald Trump's worst nightmare as a progressive Muslim immigrant who actually fights for the things that I believe in. And the difference between myself and Andrew Cuomo is that my campaign is not funded by the very billionaires who put Donald Trump in dc Donald Trump would go through Mr.


Mond like a hot knife through butter. He's in government. 27 minutes he passed three bills. That's all he's done. He has no experience with Washington. No experience in New York City. He would be Trump's delight. Okay. Trump's delight. What do we think of him? Well, people have been screaming at me for days now because they're like, why are you so negatively obsessed with this guy? Is someone paying you to insult him? And I'm like, I live in New York. I have a kid he's running for mayor. Yeah, he probably won't win. I'll insult him for free, But come on. And he's that clip.


Dasha shared it on Twitter a couple of days ago when I was, we were coming home from some event and it really put me in a bad mood that kind of like media trained decision to turn to the camera and brag about being a progressive Muslim immigrant in that voice. That's like a mixture of vindictive righteousness and nervousness. You can tell it really got me going mining for like a little moment, A little vi a little viral moment. And I just, I'm so insulted really by his policies that they're really like, they're so flagrantly, laly, empty rhetoric, like lip service to progressivism.


They're like low hanging fruit for the dumbest rent freeze. Which like, yeah, that sounds so good. But it really only applies to already rent stabilized apartments that already can only be raised a certain percent. And like, yeah, rent freeze would be great, but it's not the most important issue in New York. Free free buses. Free Buses free. Anybody who's working will have to pay. Yeah. I mean, I, I can sound off on the free buses because this is a boutique issue that's not, that's like very low on the political wishlist of most people in New York City. And we have bigger problems in New York City, such as given how high cost or how high the cost of living is in New York City, we have a real rampant vagrancy problem.


There are like homeless people being menacing, threatening on every block. Not to mention relieving themselves in all ways. Yes. Yeah. On the, in the middle of the sidewalk. Yeah. I live downtown. The playground next door to me is completely taken over by homeless crack heads. And you know, I said this on Twitter, but this is like a homelessness incubator to, to promote a policy of free buses. And the bigger issue with that is that these policies are basically designed for people who already live subsidized or free in New York City. They're, they're for the poor. And who will be picking up the tab for those? He's like a Brandon Johnson. He's like a Chicago mayor for New York. He wants to do to comparison what's happened there. Here's another piece from him.


It's a campaign ad in soap 48. I'm Assemblyman Zoran Malani and I'm running for mayor to freeze the rent for every rent stabilized tenant. Wait, you're gonna freeze my rent? Yes. Did I hear rent freeze? Yes. This Guy's gonna freeze the rent. No hike None. This guy's gonna freeze the rent. It's true. As your next mayor, I will freeze your rent Paid for by Zoran for NYC I mean, I never thought I'd say this, but I'll take Andrew Cuomo. Yeah, Eric Adams. I'll take anybody over This guy please.


Eric, Adam. Yes. Eric Adams. I'm, I'm only joking by the way. Don't vote for Andrew Cuomo. Yeah. Vote for Eric Adams. He, he's, he's the best option. There is this, well, he's Running as an independent. I don't, I don't even care. If's A can the finish line criminal? I don't either. I don't either. I don't care. This guy Is the I'm, I'm so shocked, shocked. Cuomo's a criminal. And I mean, I believe because of what he did to the nursing homes. And you've got Eric Adams, who at least is starting to see the light and has at least a background as a cop. And then you've got this lunatic, like this guy frees the, the rent. Like you say, like what per what portion of New Yorkers have rent subsidization like most people are paying through the notes. I act. I do. You do. I I do. And I'm so why don't, I still wouldn't work for rent. Rent stabilization is a lot of New Yorkers actually have.


Yeah. My god. I never had that even on my, in my, You know, lowest earning days. And you Might've, you might've not known your rights. Technically if you live in a building that's more than six units that was built before 1970 or something, they can't raise your rent more than 2% on a year lease. 5% on a two year lease. Six Not, I did not have that when I, when I first moved to New York, I moved downtown. I, this is 1997. Okay. I was a very young lawyer. I moved to New York and this is, You know, I used to go hang out in the World Trade Center, I, and get my coffee and read the paper over there. It's how long ago this was. And I was right next to Trinity Church, which is where Alexander Hamilton is buried.


And it was down in the financial district, which now has had some more development. But at the time was absolutely barren. You know, just complete concrete jungle. I'll never forget moving in there because it was so stark and not warm. Just cold, white concrete everywhere. And I was 26 and I had one of those moments that you have in life where my phone wasn't on, my electricity wasn't on, You know, not nothing worked yet. Like everybody had been supposed to. They, they were supposed to have arrived that day to turn it all on and they didn't. So I, it was dark. I had my boxes and I had concrete jungle around me and I walked to a hotel, the Millennium Hotel down there, I'm trying to remember now.


And I called my mom on a payphone. Wow. Okay. Like cell phones just started like on 95. Yeah. And I called my mom crying. Like I felt so scared and alone and like what have I done? I don't know if this is a good idea. And my mom was so great. She said, you need to get some family pictures up. You need to tomorrow first thing, figure out where your grocery store is. Figure out where your dry cleaner is smart. Like take a walk around the block, familiarize yourself with your new neighborhood. Take a deep breath and welcome to adulthood. Yeah. It was great. You know, it was like, so anyway, I don dunno why I'm telling you this story, but that was my life in downtown New York and it definitely was not rent subsidized. And sadly after the World Trade Center went down in 9 11, 1 of the planes engines was found on top of my old wow building.


That's how close it was. Thank God. I had left. I had left in 2000 right before. Wow. So it's like by divine right order. I wasn't down there at the time. Yeah. Were you guys living in New York back then? You were big. You were young. Oh no. You were children. We were, We were, I was in high school and Josh was probably in elementary school. Yeah. Yeah. These are the moments where he Was in kindergarten Very long in the two. No, but that like the nine 11 thing too. It's just crazy that, You know, New York City experienced nine 11 and now we have this DSA candidate who's like panning to the camera and saying I'm a progressive Muslim immigrant. His whole provenance is very sketchy. He's launched this like ostensibly grassroots campaign with his funding that he gets as a secret intelligence asset.


I'm sure his parents, he only became a citizen as you mentioned in 2018, didn't seem to care much about citizenship up until then. His parents are like these kind of global citizen types. His mother is a, You know, it's a female filmmaker Friday, she's a famous filmmaker. His father is a academic who has like cushy Urs at Columbia and the University of Uganda. Naturally He Studied his specialty is Africana studies and colonialism. Of course it is. He, I think, You know, their attitude as my friend Ina Stepin pointed out was that I love her citizenship is kind of a minor administrative matter, a trifle.


And I, that's kind of the attitude that he held until recently, as she says, up until the point that he decided he wanted a position of power in the United States. Does, does he have a chance? I haven't fallen holes Closely. I, well he has a chance because I've hated on him so much that the leftists are gonna come out and drove. So if he wins my bad No BS I'll fall in that story. He's Calling a OC Endorsed him. Yes. Scary. She's very good. It's reason enough to vote against him. Well He's like a OC deja vu. I mean it takes me back to 2018 when we got in trouble because we were critical of the a OC like campaign ad where she's switching from sneakers to heels on the subway and bragging about being like a barista or a bartender or whatever.


And you could tell that it's like totally fake astro turfed. I really can't believe that anybody is falling for DSA candidates in 2025. I know. Neither can I. It's so ridiculous. Especially after all, like the day after ten seven, they were in the middle of Times Square chanting it's all Israel's fault. Like okay, this is kind of the end. I think it Should be. They were outside my apartment 'cause I live by the Egyptian embassy. They were writing piss reel on the sidewalk. Wow. October 8th. Wow. Ben Shapiro back in here. Yeah. What would he say? I'm sure he would not be a fan of the DSA. I can't believe they still exist. Alright, let's shift gears 'cause there's a lot more to go over. Jon Hamm is resurrecting his, he's having a renaissance of sorts in his career.


Like he would kind of went silent after Mad Men for many years. By the way, whatever happened to an Anthony or not Anthony? Andrew. Matthew Wiener. Matthew Wiener. He was the genius behind Mad Men. Oh yeah. He wrote it. He was the showrunner and then he kind of just like went away. He's just counting his money. But that's how Jon Hamm became famous Mad Men. And he was brilliant as Don Draper. And now he's back in this Friends and neighbors. Have you seen it at all? No. No. All right. We just started watching it. Doug and I. Okay. And it's very interesting. He's like a down on his luck financial trader guy. I don't remember what area of finance he was in, but on the first episode, he loses his job and you find out he lost his marriage.


'cause his wife cheated on him. Amanda, Pete love her. She's great. Then he, I mean, spoiler alert, but you learned it in the first episode. He becomes a thief. So he has the advantage of living in this very rich community and knowing all these rich people. 'cause he was one like yesterday. Okay. So they don't expect him at all. And he knows when they're all at the local benefit for the children. And he uses those nights to go into his friends' homes and starts burgling them and stealing watches, et cetera. And then finds a fence. A fence for the, for the stolen goods. Well, apparently we're a little behind. Doug and I are only on episode three I think, or four. But in episode six, he and Amanda, Pete, and I don't know whether this is a, a throwback, doesn't matter.


But he and Amanda, Pete, his, his ex-wife, go into a church and steal the Eucharist and start snacking on it. Which I have to say, even as somebody, I am Catholic and I am observant. We go to church every week. I just had my two eldest kids. Confirmed is fucking bullshit. Okay. I say that as a Catholic, here's a scene in SAT 34, Here we go. Oh, that was upside down. It's in now watch you just give it. And I begin the lock into Jesus house.


This church, this house of worship have to be very respectful. You are going To help. Yes. Tell me something I don know. Oh my gosh, God. They open up the tabernacle. They have senior away for season and they're snacking on them like Triscuits. Are we sure it's a Catholic church? Yes. They put jelly on them. She's also showing shoulders. No BS the least of their problems. I know.


As a non-Catholic, I take offense to that. This is disgusting. I mean, I'm also Catholic practicing, but I'm not so scandalized by it. You don't care. I mean you're, You're rarely scandalized Sort of, I guess. Yeah, maybe. But with that it's like Hollywood is so secularized and hostile to, that's to Christianity and then Catholicism especially. 'cause it's Yes. The Main one. So I'm, I was gonna say if that's true, they're just so secularized. Where, where is the film on showing somebody drawing? So the so-called prophet Muhammad, we're Gonna make it.


You Should, I'll help bankroll it. We'll be dead by 2026. That's the difference between Islam and Christianity. Yeah. Catholics are easier targets. Yeah. Because of their own scandals and perceived hypocrisies, hypos and Catholicism, You know, through some fault of its own has a lot of like cachet. It's like a sexy Bashing priests is like, don't leave your daughter or your son alone with them. I'd say, eh, unfor, unfortunately, You know, I Think that they're, I think they did this on purpose to generate some kind of viral out range. Know what they're, or whatever they like. Were like, let's do some what would be something, You know, I can imagine the writers' room where they're like, let's do something scandal.


Bunch of Jewish guys in the writer's room. Pissing People s like a a, I'm not a diehard Catholic. I don't know s like, I'm not one of those people I listen to, like my pal John Rich talk about the Bible. And I'm just, I sit in awe just learning. But I am a believer and I'm a, I'm a Catholic. Right. And I have to say like that is the most sacrosanct thing they could take to bash. Sure. That, yeah. And having just been through my two kids, like my son should have been confirmed a year earlier. We just slept on the job. So he and his little sister who's a year younger got confirmed at the same time. They, they as part of confirmation, they, they made the kids watch one of those videos about how sacrosanct the communion wafer is.


Right. And how they genuinely genuine. Well, It's the real presence of genuinely believe. Yes. It is the body of Jesus Christ. Right. And about how our former Pope Pope Francis came from this diocese in Argentina, where they did experience a miracle. They found a communion wafer on the floor of the church. And somebody brought it to the church or to the priest to say, somebody must have dropped this. And there's a whole protocol they're supposed to go through when that happens. You have to like lock it up or whatever. And they did that. And the thing was bloodied after a couple of days, they called in an outside agency. They, they tested it. They found actual like flesh, DNA, you can believe or not believe.


That's that's, but I'm just saying for Catholics, we believe that that's the actual body of Jesus Christ and fuck you for using it for your pr. I mean, it's a sacrament. It's yeah, it's whole. It's absolutely. But I think like people in entertainment understand that they have like plausible deniability because they can say, well this is art. It's supposed to entertain you, titillate you make you think whatever it is safe. It's like, it's like the, the left loves to practice like safe racism against Italians and Irish who happen to make up the bulk of the Catholics in the United States. Right. Like probably a Rising my people on both sides. Yeah. Well, I mean, well charitably I'll say also maybe on the next episode they get struck down by God.


Yep. Oh no, no, I think they do. Yeah. Have you been what you saying? No, no, I'm just saying like, no, My, my pal Michael, maybe They'll learn a hard lesson. Who's on National Review was, and he's very Catholic. He's, he's a much better Catholic than I am. Maybe you too, but I don't know. But he's very devout And he was saying something bad. Something very bad does happen to the characters, so, okay. So there you go. Yeah, I do think maybe there's divine right order That's in service of a, of a, of a plot. I, I'm a little tipsy, so I'm just gonna circle back to Zoran Momani for a minute because it just occurred to me that his parents gave him the name, the middle name Kwame, which has nothing to do with his heritage on either side to prime him for a life in politics. Oh. Which is so much more sinister than any of this.


Like, That's what we should really be exercised about. Yeah. Well, Maureen Callahan, who's got a show within the MK Media network opened her podcast, which has been a total hit going off on Jon Hamm. And I was shocked because I loved madman. Sure. Mad Men. And I loved Jon Hamm, like most people who enjoyed that show. And she revealed this dark history of the guy where she found the police report, where he absolutely hazed to the point of alleged criminality a kid in college In like a fraternity Yes. To where the kid had a broken spine Yeah.


And was like tortured by him, allegedly, according to this police report. And it, if, if one word of it is true, the guy's a sociopath. I like, I was shocked he was A male actor, so, well I can't, like it was, but if you watch the show, he, you can sort of see playing the absolute asshole comes very easily to this guy. Yeah. Maybe Don Draper wasn't so far out of his reign. Maybe He soup nuts a great actor. He's Just playing himself. Have you ever been across from somebody like that? You know, you were across from Greg, he was so good. What's his real name? Nick Braun. Yeah. In succession. Yeah. Yeah. He seems like a genuinely nice guy. Oh yeah, He is. He's wonderful. I feel like he couldn't play that level of asshole the way Jon Hamm.


Can I wonder? Well, he's in that movie Cat Person. Do you remember that story? I actually haven't seen it. There was a story in the New Yorker that's about like a, a problematic age gap relationship. Yep. They ended up making a movie, but yeah. How, how many years is a story? That's a great Story for us. I don't know. While we're on the topic. Yeah. What do you think? I mean, it's just a number. I think it more, it just depends. It's, You know, if you're 50 and they're 70, but if you're 10 and they're 30, You know? Yeah. 10. You know, It's not a, it's not even a moral question. It's a practical one. Especially if you want kids. That's, yeah. I think it just really just Depends. Yeah. I don know, like, I was surprised when I interviewed Caroline Levitt, that she had a husband who is 30 years older than she's, I think she's 27 and he's, wow.


He's 56. Yeah. So How did they meet? I can't remember. She did tell me. I think when she was running she ran for office. She ran for Congress and she met him then. But they fell in love. Now she's got a young baby and it's working. I like when I, I kind of go by the woman. She seems like she's got her head on her shoulders. Yeah. Right. So for whatever reason, who knows. You know, like we all have weird things in our past that make us, that drive our decision making. If it works, it works. Yeah. So far it seems to be working for her. Yeah. All right. Standby. We've gotta take a break and we're gonna sip on these martinis some more and then we'll pick it back up with the ladies from Red Scare. Next.


It was not supposed to get this bad. Speaking of debt, you were on top of your bills then inflation hit groceries, gas, everything shot up. Prices are up 26% from just a few years ago. It's not necessarily your fault if you've fallen into debt. Let me share a smarter, faster, far easier way out of it. It's called Done With Debt. And they are not like other debt relief companies. They don't push loans or bankruptcy on you. Done with Debt has legendary negotiators who go head-to-head with your credit card and loan companies. They have one goal to drastically reduce or eliminate your debt. Altogether. They move lightning fast. Most clients see more money in their pocket month one. But a word to the Wise Hurry because some of their debt erasing strategies are time sensitive. Consider talking to a Done with Debt strategist before you make another bill payment. It's free visit Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com. Done with Debt dot com.


Tax day may have passed, but for millions of Americans, the real trouble is just beginning. If you miss the April 15th deadline or you still owe back taxes, the IRS you should know is ramping up enforcement every day you wait could make things worse. With over 5,000 new tax liens filed daily and tools like property seizures, bank levies, and wage garnishments, the IRS is applying pressure at levels we haven't seen in years. The good news is there's still time for Tax Network USA to help self-employed or a business owner. Even if your books are a mess, they've got it covered. Tax Network USA specializes in cleaning up financial chaos and getting you back on track fast even after the deadline. It's not too late to regain control. Your consultation is completely free and acting now could stop penalties, threatening letters and surprise levies before they escalate. Call 1 809 5 8 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. You may have missed that April 15th deadline, but you haven't run out of options. Let Tax Network USA help before the IRS makes the next move.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch The Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back. Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


We've gotta talk a minute about Blake Lively and Justin Baldoni. I'm very into this whole lawsuit because it's like completely self-destructive of her. I don't know if she's doing this because she has a self-destructive streak or because she just didn't anticipate the backlash she was gonna be getting by making these claims. But they in my opinion, have fallen apart claim by claim in the months since she made them. I don't know anything about this. I'll all this started because PE she was kind of being a bitch on the promotional tour. Yep. She, her public conduct wasn't excellent. Yeah. And so then she tried to deflect by implicating people that while people noticed that she had unfollowed him.


Okay. And that he wasn't in any of the cast pictures. I Meanwhile he's the co-star. I mean there are equals in this movie. What is the movie? It's about domestic abuse. Okay. And so he's the abuser and she's the abused. Okay. So it's like it ends with us life imitates our or well yeah, that's what she would say. Yeah. And, but he's the director and it was his film. Like he directed it. Yeah. He So book, he's wailing on her in the film. Right. Okay. He optioned the book. He got Blake Lively to star in it and then things went south when she claimed she'd been MeToo on the set and they had to bring in, oh, oh, Josh's dad is gonna write a note about this. He doesn't. And I just spilled her martini on herself.


So we're getting that point of the program. Yeah. Anyway, so they've been, now she filed an HR complaint with the California like Human Rights council and leaked it to the New York Times. Yeah. This is my memory. So double check me 'cause I too am drinking the martini but leaked it to the, your girls are, are basing herself. I'm really not this time. Well it's, it's okay. We only have like 10 more minutes of show we gotta get on it. Yeah. And he filed a defamation lawsuit against the New York Times. Then she, after that filed the claim against him saying, you harassed me. Then he counterclaimed against her saying, you've been defaming me. These are lies. And now what we saw this week was Justin's represented by my lawyer Brian Friedman, who is what, who you want.


If you wanna get a bare knuckled. That's good to know. Raw. He's an MF in the best sense. Love that. So she filed a claim against him, a counterclaim for intentional infliction of emotional distress. And these are pretty notorious as bullshit claims in the law. Yeah. And his lawyers understandably did what every defendant receiving one of these claims does, which is file a motion to compel her to turn over her medical records so we could see the distress. Like, okay, you, you want us to pay you for your distress? What is it, what did you say to your psychiatrist? What, what expenditures have you had? And like trying to fix it. Right. Like a jury's gonna have to figure this out, we're entitled to see it.


And she ran into court and said, nevermind, I wanna withdraw that claim. Mm. Oh, okay. Okay. So either she just doesn't want us to see her medical records like what she's been saying to her shrink or the claim is false or the claim. I think it's the former or both. I think she doesn't want us to see the medical records. God only knows what's in there. But he, I mean her, her maid adversary in life now has a legal right to see the records, which is a nightmare for her. But you shouldn't have filed that claim. Any lawyer would've told her this is a dangerous claim because you're gonna have to back all these claims up about how poorly You know you've been affected, how terribly you've been affected by him. So she goes into the court and says, I wanna dismiss those claims without prejudice so that I can refile them all the way up to trial if I decide to.


Can you explain that you're the lawyers? It just means that when you dismiss it without prejudice you can always refile. I see. There's no downside to you. You pull your claim. It doesn't reflect poorly on you for having done that. Well, I mean it might, but it, yeah, she's basically trying to like hedge your bets so that now she could go to a psychiatrist and be like, Boohoo, okay, here are my records. Right, right. Like between now and next March, which is when the trial scheduled for she could spend every day and with Aran being like, Justin's ruined my life. And then maybe she'd refile and be willing to turn over her records, then I have no idea what's up this woman's sleeve. She's clearly, in my opinion, very devious and not trustworthy. So she asked the court if she could dismiss with prejudice and the court said no.


This Judge Lewis Lyman wrote citing here from Variety and Tatiana Segal on June 3rd wrote that that day B'S motion to compel these materials denied based on plaintiff's representation that the claims will be withdrawn. Blake Lively's request that because the parties have agreed to dismiss her causes of action on this front, the court should exercise its authority to dismiss these claims without prejudice is also denied. Hmm. The parties must stipulate as to whether the dismissal is with or without prejudice. And the court says if the claims are not dismissed, the court will stop her from offering any evidence of her emotional distress.


So she's not allowed to say she's had all this emotional distress and then not turn over these records. Right. So that they can dispute it. So she just got majorly effed, she's not going to, she wanted to proceed with this claim without offering any backup for it. And when his team said, let's see the proof she pulled the claim, tried to keep the threat over them and the judge said, that is not gonna happen. You're pulling the claim with prejudice, meaning you cannot refile it or your claim stays and you turn over the records. Your choice. So doing well, she clearly operating, doing, or I think she's just clearly operating on like a older me too model where those sorts of things wouldn't have been rejected or people would've taken them at face value.


Or someone could have had a, You know, trial in the media that was then implicated them in something. I guess that's what she was trying to do, was to give him a trial in the media. Yes. I remember when I first caught wind of the story, I didn't fully understand what was happening and still don't understand to this day it was like, oh, it's like two egomaniacs fighting. But I guess it's her really trying to smear him To ruin his life. Yeah. I mean she's like, after He had the grace to put her in the movie to Put her in the movie. Yeah, I know know. And if you read the emails between them and the texts this guy bent over, it was Blake Lively. Nobody really knew who Justin Baldon was. He bent over backwards as you expect to make her happy, to like make her feel good about her weird fashion choices.


And her, You know, she was a little larger 'cause she just had a baby. Oh no. And he was so nice to her about it, You know? Yeah. Like, but now in her lawsuit she paints him as being a complete jerk. Clean It up. Yeah. Yeah. That's what you get, man, fellas. No good deed goes unpunished. Honestly. Well, on the subject of physicality, I wanna ask you about this. It's in The Cut, which is part of New York magazine and they are taking aim at this woman named Live Schmidt, who's a 23-year-old model in New York who encourages their followers to live the skinny Girl lifestyle, skinny with an eye at the end of it by following her weight loss advice.


They talk about this young, this 37-year-old teacher named Emma who broke up with her boyfriend. She t she stumbled on this woman's TikTok. Schmidt had more than 600,000 followers. She's very beautiful. And It looks kind of like face tuned Julia Fox. She's Hot, they're, they're all face tuned. But New York Cut is pointing out that in one video she mocks women who wear sundresses to hide their puffy face and bloated bodies and Jaw wants Rita Host did a TikTok for the caption girls be 300 pounds saying I'm a snack. No Megatron. You are the effing vending machine. And they're taking aim at her for fat shaming and they don't quite understand why she has so many followers who sign up for her dms and her chat groups when they're trying to lose weight.


Like this gal Emma was, or stay thin and talking about like her advice, they say they, they write about how she gives recipes, workout videos, diaries of everything she eats in a day. Members post their step counts, their meal plans and their before and after photos. And this gal Emma writes about how suddenly she felt weak and exhausted all the time. She was on the treadmill and she had to get off after a minute lightheaded and drenched and sweat. She wasn't quite doing that well and following, oh no, the, the weight loss tips and that she, I guess many people feel like it's an unattainable like goal. The number, these number of steps and these low calorie diets and they experience hair loss and dizziness.


And is this really just encouraging anorexia? I've got my own thoughts on it, but I'm more interested in your takes. Well what's your take? Well the eating disorder community is one of the biggest com female communities online. And it's existed since the early days of the internet and continues to. So I don't know why Liv Schmidt is getting really talking heat for like a, a culture that exists online around dieting. And she doesn't seem like she is even like, she's not Anna in the, You know, where they're competitively tragically and There are certain Yeah, there are. And they combine like female vanity with like male autism because they're so obsessive about Yes.


Maintaining the low weight and like calorie counting and it's not even like fun or cool, just Yeah. It's like a cry for help. Yeah. But in Liv Schmidt's case, that doesn't seem to be the case. I don't see what differentiates her from, I mean there's so many lifestyle influencers. Yeah. Well my own take on it is somewhat jaded because when I was on NBCI talked to this woman who was like incredibly fit. She'd just given birth to three kids and she was basically like, what's your excuse if you don't look amazing? Because she just had three kids and she looked incredible And this woman was talking about how she kind of regretted the message 'cause she got a bunch of blow back and she was just trying to say you can do it. And she did it inartfully and I But sometimes that Works for People.


Well I said to her when I was in law school, I used to say, 'cause I lived with my mom and my stepfather for the last year. I'm like, have you seen me get up to go back into that kitchen? Please call me fat ass or say something negative to, to keep me outta there. And then it was Megan McCain, frankly, but many others ginned up a backlash against me for like fat shaming. And I regret to tell you that I then went on the air and like apologized for it. Like, okay, I know. And now with the benefit of like some years between that episode and today I'm like, You know what? Fuck those people who shamed me. That's how I stay thin and I look good. And I don't judge people who don't go that course. But fuck those people who judged me. It helped me stay in shape and stay healthy.


And by the way, not for nothing, but my, the reason I have a stepfather who's now passed is because my actual father died of a heart attack at age 45. So it actually is really important to stay thin and watch your weight. I'm sick of people Like skinny and you're just like me, for real. My dad died of a heart attack at 52 because he had, You know, diabetes, heart disease, the whole nine yards. So they are just way more health risks to being overweight than they are to being underweight. Right. That's just the truth. That's the truth. Yeah. Like, so, okay. You, you lose some hair and develop osteoporosis, you're not gonna have a heart Attack though. There's a cure to osteoporosis. And yet we haven't figured out how to cure heart attacks. But I think people, I like, okay, I'll put it this way.


I think that people like a Megan McCain, let's say who I, by the way, I'm a big Megan McCain truther. I think she's one of the most beautiful girls out there. She's just a little heavy, but she has great bone structure. Like that's Be a truther, a truther of Megan McCain. Yeah. People hate, people hate when I say that, but she is cute. I think people who are like overweight and struggle with their weight are jealous of people who are willing to have the discipline and the vanity to go through with it. That's really what it comes say. Then you're being hurt and shame. Yeah. And to just take accountability. Yeah. People, our, when we first started the podcast, that was one of the first points of criticism leveraged against us, was that we were fat.


No. That we were fat phobic. That we made dispar the disparaging remarks. Shaming Yeah. People or whatever. And what, how did you handle it? We double down. Yeah. Why did I even ask? But here's what's so annoying about it. Like, I come from a long line of fat people. My mother loves it when I say this, but I do. My nana, her mom was obese. Yeah. How you She lived to 101, by the way. I mean, she's like crazy. My mom was always overweight. She's now on the thinner side, but she's 83. My sister was morbidly obese and had a gastric bypass. Yeah. Wow. So like I have a long line of heavy people Yeah.


Who I love. So you're kind of like intimate Compensating because Well, No. No. I just feel like I will not be fucking shamed out of my opinion. Obviously, I've nothing against overweight people. You know, they're, they're the people I've loved most in my life. But I also had my dad die very young on me at a young age. I'm like, I'm just not gonna let this happen to me. I'm gonna make different choices so that I can live. That's how I feel. And I also am much more vain than my nana was or my mom. Well, that's what it, It comes down to. It's like some of us are more, more vain than the others. And I think people really resent that because they see vanity as like a very grave sin and it's really not compared to all the other ones. Yeah. I mean, we all, like, I don't see anything wrong with vanity because if it helps you stay thin, a vanity.


No. Yeah. It's, it's fine. I mean like all things, like, it's good in moderation. Like I think if the vanity takes over your life and makes it impossible for you to like, take care of your children or something like that, you Bad become cat woman with a Surgery. I, I have seen this one like Instagram influencer around who clearly has like advanced anorexia and she somehow managed to give birth to children and she, oh my God. They're like kind of involved in her Mm. Like brand. And that's upsetting. And I, I find that's to be upsetting. Yeah. That's it. So separate mental illness, but We've like crossed over from this point of like, we, we used to bully fat people, like when I was growing up in the seventies and that was wrong. Yeah, sure. We, I remember instances like that with my mom that upset me, like or mean about her and I hated that.


She's such a good, funny, amazing person. So I would never be that person. In no way would I bully somebody who, who, because eating is difficult to control for a lot of people's. It's to bully and another thing to make a statement of facts. And I feel like amongst, like with my, in, with my family and like my other Russian friends, I feel like it is okay to just say you're, hey, you're fat. I'm telling you that you're fat because I love you. Well like, and I don't want you to be fat 'cause you're gonna get sick. Yeah. Would you say that to your friend? Some of 'em. Yeah. Have you said that to anyone? Eugene. Eugene. Would you say to Anna If she got fat? If I got fat, if she got fat, I might tell her pregnant that Josh is like, you're fat.


You need that friend. You need to reel it In. Well that's the thing now. Like, will you have a daughter, don't you? A son. A son. Okay. So it's less, a little less complicated. It's much better because he's naturally really skinny and take for his father. Well you have to think about this stuff when you have a daughter because Right. You don't wanna give her a complex. You don't wanna give her a complex. You definitely don't wanna encourage an eating disorder. But you wanna be honest about like, if you sit down and have a bag of Doritos at 12 o'clock at night. Yeah. At especially as you start to age, you will pay for it. Like Yeah. I mean people are very nasty to me specifically. And they'll say like, it's a good thing she has a son, not a daughter. 'cause she had a daughter. She would really like ruin her life and her self esteem.


But that's like just not true. I would much like, I don't inflict my like political and ideological convictions on my child. Same. I would never ruin their perception of themselves because of my own. Right. Like hangups or whatever. But yeah, I think like you just have to, as a parent, you just have to lead by example. It's not like the advice or the discipline you give them. It's how you live your life that really counts. That's Right. Well I like what's the point of this whole piece in New York? In the, in the, in the cut. I think it's to, You know, under the auspices of taking like a fair and balanced look. Yeah. At this woman's product. Yeah. What they're really trying to do is shame her for being too quick to participate in shaming young girls who are fat or like shaming fatness in general.


Well Now it seems especially like poorly timed because with Ozempic and stuff, like people who are formerly body positive, like Adele or probably some other people, like they're, they all go if they when they can, they do they lose lose the weight. Yeah. Lizzo iss gonna be girl thinner than we're soon. What's her name? Who? Barbie. Barbie. Rera Rera. Who's she? Which one is that? She was an actress. She was like a fat girl in euphoria. Oh. Oh. She was really pretty. But but her whole plot line was about how she was fat and like Yeah. But now She's shredded, She slimed down. Yeah, Of course. Very few actually say that they're doing ozempic. My hairstylist. And I always used to joke that if they really wanted to push those COVID vaccines up people, they would've put some ozempic People would've been rushing to get the next, I'll take the 25th shot.


It's fine. I don't know. I just feel like it, there's another element to this, to be honest. And it is attractive. People have, there, there are polls, like there are studies that show they do better in society. They get, they're quicker to get jobs. They're quicker, quicker to get promotions. That makes sense. Yeah. And that can be like, it doesn't mean you have to be like born winning the genetic lottery. No. But it means it's better to stay put together. Like put a little makeup on, like a little coverup. Like do your hair, buy a nice outfit, tuck in your shirt, like have good posture, walk in there looking, put together. And if you can keep your weight, You know, in at a like a healthy level, it will help.


It's not to say you can't be trusted and while that you, if you're an overweight person again, my own mom is, well there has had a life. There's plenty Of like fat geniuses who exude insane charisma. And My mom's very successful and very funny. She's always like, stop telling everybody I'm fat. She's So funny. But I'm just saying like, what I would like for my kids is that they keep it within certain lines so that they stay well, they're perceived well and they feel well. Yeah. I mean that's, the health is really the biggest. It doesn't, but the left is still in a different place of like, trying to shame people out of saying that. What do you do to stay thin? I don't eat much.


There you go. Yeah. That's it. That's, it's that easy. Yeah. It's just, it's like low grade calorie restriction, which nobody wants to talk about. The best thing that ever happened to me was I have my, like my primary care physician is, is like a fattest He is very against weight gain. So I'd go in there and I would've put on two pounds And he'd be like, you yell, put on two pounds. I'd be like, that's like water weight from like a Monday to a Thursday. Yeah. And he's like, do You know how many two pounds adds up to be over 10 years? You'll never lose 20 pounds. That's true. And you're fat. That's true. I know. He's like really against gaining weight. Wow. And it's not because he cares what I look like. It's because he shows me the chart every time I go in there.


The number of diseases that go up, your risk for all of them as you gain certain weight. Well, I think about weight. Well I think about this a lot Because three out of four of my grandparents lived into their nineties and they were always like in relatively good shape. And my father's generation, like the boomer generation, really wasn't, and there's a bunch of like political reasons for that with regard to the Soviet Union. But a lot of it is just like keeping like they they were starving. They were starving. Yeah. Because they, they were alive during n Ep in the Soviet Union. What do you gals do? 'cause you're both thin, like how do you stay thin? I do weight training. That helps if you build muscle. I do weight training too. I, I work out with a personal trainer and I eat You get some muscle on there?


Yeah, it will eat calories. I go to the gym every day and like eat moderately. I like, I eat what I want. Actually. I do Pilates occasionally. Yeah. And weight train. And I eat, I don't like, I'm not like a live to eat person anyways, so I Do you eat three meals a day? No, That's what my fattest doctor said when I was 46. He goes, when you're 50 you're not gonna be able to eat at all anymore. And I was like, well what should I do? So get it all in now. Not at all. Not no more eating. And I was like, what am I gonna do? And he said, OMA, which stands for one meal a day. Oh, I can't do that. I've actually, I've heard that intermittent fasting and stuff like that is really bad for women specifically.


It's still true. I have heard that. But I do do it, but I don't do it quite as radically as I used to. I stop eating around 8:00 PM That's good. Yeah. And then I usually have breakfast at 10:00 AM so I'm on a 14 hour and I like that. And I, I read Dr. Dale Breen's book on the end of Alzheimer's. He's been on the show. I'm very paranoid about getting Alzheimer's. Oh yeah. And you have it in your family? No, but I'm just paranoid about it. Like, I like Sandra do O'Connor. O'Connor Got it. Like on the Supreme Court. Like anybody can get it. Yeah. You does that tell terrible. You use your brain just 'cause you're, You gotta do crossword puzzle. I'm totally trying. I mean, not with standing this martini in front of me. I swear I'm doing everything in my power stuff.


No, it's good. But, but it's like that famous line that I keep quoting from John Cass's husband's And he iss like, it's not the smoking or drinking that'll kill you. It's the stress. Like if you stress out about things, like you should have like a martini every now and then. Every now and then with the girls. Yeah. I Don't stress. And I do have the martinis, so I'm not sure I have this excuse. You'll be, you'll be fine. I think so too. I I feel like not being a stressed out person is, Well yeah. It also makes you thinner because stress is like cortisol and gives you the midsection. Well that's the one downside of drinking is you go out drinking. Yeah. Like, not now in the middle of the day, but like we were to go out tonight Friday night. Yeah. And then wake up tomorrow hungover. We'd all eat too much.


Yeah. That's the biggest danger. It's So, I don't know. They say like the, the best exercise is pushing yourself away from the table. Like my, I'll tell you what I eat, I generally eat around 10 or 10 30. Before the show. I just found a great new yogurt. I was eating that Fahe yogurt. It's smell phage. Yeah. But then Dr. Mark came on and told me, you should be eating grass fed. Which I didn't even think of in my yogurt. Of course we all think of that in our milk. Yeah. But I didn't even think Yes, that's totally right. Also Milk. Yeah. But It's the same thing. So Maple Hill, you can get find it at Whole Foods. I I have, yeah. I buy this one.


Yeah. Both Organic and grass fed and Greek. I don't like the regular yogurt. I like the stuff that's a little thicker. So you have A little yogurt. I have that with some berries at around 10 30. That's nice. In the morning. And that gets me through the show. And then after the show I usually have like a salad with a little protein in it and like two tablespoons worth of dressing that doesn't have seed oil in it. And then at dinner I have a protein and a vegetable. Yeah. And that's really what I eat. And I do have a little bit of a sweet tooth. Like I will maybe three nights a week have a small thing of like ice cream. Aw, That's fine. That's, yeah, that's totally fine. And this, this works. Like, I feel like that is a very reasonable diet for a 54-year-old.


No, there's so many like fad diets that avoid air cut completely cutting out one thing or only eating one type of food. And that's, I think very wrong. That's stupid. Do you guys have a, like a general diet that you eat? Tell me what you eat. Well I'm kind of like, I'm eating more 'cause I'm sort of fertility. Yes. You do have A baby. Certain vitamins. So I'm like taking supplements. Good. No, that's exciting. You know. Oh, I can't wait until you get pregnant. And so yeah, I'll drink. I'm like drinking a little more milk and trying to like, I don't know. Oh, eat like a sweet potato. I'm 34. Yeah. So you get, You know, You have time. Yeah. Yeah. I think you're gonna, but women have conceive this year I was 34 when I conceived, so I think Okay.


Yeah. And your son is how old? Four. Okay. So you're 38. 39. 39. Right. So you, well you still have like, I don't know if I believe anymore in metabolism. Like I'm starting to doubt that No metabolism is real. I don't know if I believe It because you, what do you guys mean? Like if you did the ohm a d your metabolism would be worse. I think that's right. Because then your body would be like, I think your me your metabolism increases when you do like weight training. Yes, that's true. Because you have more muscle. It's like very basic. Like all of this stuff. There's so many Yeah. Like fad diets, influencers, esoteric health, ESO advice. And it's just very basic. You have to build muscle and moderately calorie restrict.


Yep. That's like literally. And get eat protein and You can move a little. That'd be good. Yeah. Yeah. Get a lot of flow. It helps having a toddler because I carry him around a lot and it's like kind of natural spontaneous weight training. Yes. That's when I, when I had my three kids, my left arm got so strong because I'm right-handed. But you've constantly, You carry the, that kid on The other side, on the non-dominant side. Yeah. So I look forward to your, are you ready? I am. I look forward to seeing that left arm Have one weird, stronger Formed arm and stronger and stronger. But yeah, I think that's, that's exactly right. And I, I don't know, I just think like, as I've done shows on this, I am, I really believe notwithstanding what my fattest doctor says, you can eat in your fifties.


But I, I had a pair Come on this show, Steve, can you find the episode where we had our friends come on to talk about seed oils? Mm. And it was like life changing. I was like, oh my God, what am I, what have I been doing? These seed oils I'm convinced are really bad and give you bad fat. That's true. But it's Harder to, I don get Rid of, it's hard to say because like, we're like Russian. So we I think ingest a lot of seed oil Well because we eat like frats and stuff. Wait, so you're backing seed oil? No, no, no, no. I, I agree with you guys. But like I do fundamentally just, I don't think it's as bad. I was very, I talked to a nutritionist at one point and I told her, I said something about seed oils and she was like, what are you talking about?


And I was like, I was, she wasn't Maha. I was like, well they cause inflammation. And she was like, are you worried about inflammation? Like What are you? Yes. Isn't every woman person At this person at this? Well at this point I was pretty underweight. And she was like, you need to, you could Be inflamed. She was like, You should just eat and not worry about it. She get a little bit More inflamed vegar. She's like, don't worry about the peanut butter. Well they were Saying, I by the way, I love peanut butter. Sometimes I'll have like a, an Ezekiel toast or just I'm in into sourdough now. Hmm. You get it. Gwyneth Tcho started eating bread. Did you see that? Who did? Gwyneth Paltrow. I've Got a lot of issues with her. Well, but yes, but You know what? I respect her eating plan. Like I, I love that she shares it with us. I have to say she's weird and I've got some objections to this woman, but I like that she shares her eating plan and what she's learned.


You can take it or leave it, but like, I, I take that any day over these. I just drink a lot of water. Right. Yes. Liars. Yeah. Bullshit artist. Does she still smoke a cigarette once a week or whatever? She's line up up. I hope so. I saw her at one of my favorite New York City restaurants. Ilios, by the way, if you need a place to go Okay. In New York. Well Don't blow it up. I know there's that. But it's amazing. It's great. It's Italian and it's upper East. So good. Yeah. Upper east and the pasta. That's what you need to get. It's so good that the pasta that has the ham and the cream and the peas Is like, that sounds amazing. Wait, let me ask you this, Doug, does he, he's just naturally thin 'cause he's a guy Or Does he try Doug?


He watches it. So Doug has his sweet tooth. That's his biggest risk. But he always says he's lived his life by, if you put on a few pounds, cut a meal out or cut a meal in half. I'm like, that is the simplest. And it works For him. Not easy. Yeah. Right. So he doesn't really do a ton of snacking. That's key. Snacking is kind of the devils Snacking is the death All the empty because we love snacking. Yeah. It's, it's like, do something else. Drink a glass of water, go for a walk, call a friend, smoke a cigarette. Smoke a cigarette, anything. Do anything other than go into the pantry. Really? Yeah. But Doug is very, like, he does, he'll cut a meal out or he'll cut a meal in half and he's very thin.


I don't know, like in a, in a good way. He's like spelt. Yeah. Yes. He male, her nineties. That's, I know. They're amazing. I'm very jealous of men. I look at my son And he has perfect eyebrows and eyelashes that I would pay good money for. And I'm just like, I literally showed my lash extension girl of photo of my husband's eyes. No way. I have because he has like long wait. Are you getting the fake lashes on there? I have fake ones on now. Yeah. So my but my concern, I had those for a while when I was at Fox and I felt like they were ruining my actual eyelashes. They Do a bit, but I had, I have like three things this week. So I just did it. You just did it. And I did it for the wedding. It's, but usually I wouldn't You It looks natural. They don't look fake. Yeah, They look, they don't look fake. There's the brown. That's why they're subtle. Oh, Are made you go for black.


Oh, that's interesting. No, you Can't. 'cause if you're fair it just looks weird and kind of trans coated. I put my, my makeup on heavily. You know, obviously for the show. Do you do your own makeup? Yeah. Oh wow. Yeah. Cool. I don't do my own hair. Wow. That's, that's, yeah. I would do the same after all These years. Like my stylist said, Ooh, we should teach Yardley my 14-year-old how to blow out her hair. 'cause she's got tons of thick Yeah. Beautiful hair that she takes after Doug. And I was like, yeah, you should show her. I have no idea. After 20 plus years in this business, having, watching it get blown out every day when I was at Fox. I have no idea how to do it. It's This whole style. I don't either. My hair always just looks like shit. I dunno how to style It. Well you wanna hear something funny. So we're going on vacation next week and we're gonna be like on a beach.


And it's, and so I have hair extensions in my, my audience knows. I don I don't make any secret of it. Okay. I was gonna, I was gonna ask you what I was. Oh yeah. I couldn't grow hair like this if my life depended on it. I, my hair, it's nice. Like it's nice hair. It's, this is my, all my hair and this is some of my hair, but like this way down here. And so I'm gonna take the extensions out for my vacation 'cause I don't know how to, and she's gonna give me a halo. Do You know the halo? No, it's not, it's like a little, You clip it in yourself. It's like a, it's like picture a headband That's almost imper imper imperceptible. And it's got hair on it. So you put it on, I'll show, I'm gonna show the audience how to do it when I learn. Sarah's gonna show me on Tuesday.


So you put it like under your hair, your, your actual top hair and then it kind of hangs down. But that way I can like be myself during the day when we swim and whatever. And then a Couple's vacation or a family vacation. It's fam Oh, that's nice. Yeah. And now that the kids are older, you can call your trip a vacation. That's true. You know, when they're four it's a trip. Right, right. You're gonna find yourself. You have to go, you have to go to like A resort. Right. And you like, it's hard labor. Yeah. It's, it's fun. You love your child. You love being with them. Yeah. Well that's why I went island hopping for my honeymoon. 'cause I was like, that's gonna be way harder to do with a child than something like going to a different place.


That's What do you mean island hopping? Well, I went to Greece. Oh yeah, right. Just throughout Greece. We went in the Cyclades. We went to ARMRA, cyro Tino speak nose. But like yeah. Wrangling a child and getting on a ferry. It's like, that's something you wanna do. Kind of coupled or alone. Well, what was that like? Was it like on your honeymoon in Greece with your like new husband? Was it complete? Was it Shangrila? What was that like? Yeah, No, I kept like kind of thinking I, having this kind of banal thought, but I was like, getting married is so romantic. It's, and I feel like that's a lot, You know. And what's he like? He's great.


He's very What's he like Anna? I mean, he's my favorite of ASHA's boyfriend. Sure. Good. Who? I love them all to death. But they're, he's very calm. He's very, he's very gentle, kind Christian. Did you mean not a fish over? I mean No, he's actually orthodox, but yeah. He's he's a carpenter. No, American. American. Full American. Yeah. So what, he's a carpenter. So how did you guys meet? We met through mutual friends. Oh. In like through the art world that he had like was friends with but had worked for before. So he's carpenter. Was he like at all intimidated by your weird Hollywood life?


I think maybe initially. Yeah. He felt like he didn't really understand why, why I was so interested in him. Aw. But I always really liked him And he always made me feel really like, good. Is he Your age? Apropo? He's a little older, but like two years. I just did this long interview with Jordan Peterson, which was actually really interesting. I have tell You. How's he doing? Better, like fit health wise? He's better. It was a very interesting interview. I have to tell you. Like, it was one of the most interesting interviews I've ever given. Is It live now? Yeah. It's, it's out there on his, on his feed. I think there's no problem in setting out those honest truths, which are, your life will be happier if you have a partner and children.


I just think that's just true and people should be told that. And then they should be told the realities of, of fertility because those are realities that, You know, can be potentially meddled with. But there's no guarantee. And if you cannot, if you're one of the people who cannot meddle with it and you missed your window, it will be a lifelong regret that will be unsolvable and will be like a deep source of pain. An ongoing deep source of pain. So it's not something that you could easily brush off. And so all those truths need to be shared while at the same time pri and sharing the fullness of the rewards of motherhood with young women, which isn't done. He's very, he's brilliant and he's come on this show a couple of times and when he came on the most recent time, we had a great hour and a half where he said all of his things and I loved it.


And when it ended, he said something like, you're very useful. What does that mean? Useful? It amused me. Well I think Jordan's very focused and in a good way on what's happening to young men. Yes. In our culture. And I think Jordan didn't know if I was like a raging feminist Oh right. Who was kind of the enemy With blood coming out of her wherever. Yeah. Or like whether I was like this sort of like, I hate men kind of gal. He just didn't know me very well. And so I think he was kind of like checking it out. And when we talked on my show, he heard enough to like satisfy himself that I wasn't a threat to what he stands for.


That that was my own take. Then he invited me to go on his show And he had a lot of negative things to say about like some women, which I didn't totally reject. Like we're not perfect and we haven't had a uniformly perfect role in society and Yeah. History and formation of humanity, et cetera. But I, we were, it was an, it was like, there was some tension there because I think I'm more bullish on women than he is. Right. So I wanted to give him his valid points, but I also felt somewhat defensive of our sex. I didn't want us to be grouped and disparaged as a group. Yes. Well in his like critiques of, or like his mentorship of men, he's addressing an inadequacy that I feel like men because they can't, they don't have as much to offer as they used to.


Women don't have the incentives to be as like, What do you mean? Because they're all, they're all like rendered. Well, Because they're all un color. I mean, neither side has the incentive to commit to the other side, obviously. And I don't think, but women not also Yeah. They don't wanna be like the docile kind of like, I don't know, Ian model of feminine. That's funny of, of femininity because men are not able to rise to the occasion to like, well, let be Worth it. Lemme ask you, lemme ask you. 'cause he said to me, he and his wife are coming up with like guidelines for young women on who, And he raises a good point. It was a legit point on how so many go career and then realize too late.


Holy shit. Totally forgot to nurture relationships. Right now I'm 38 Yeah. With no romantic prospects and my eggs are not great and I'm effed like Yeah. The available men don't necessarily, You know, who want kids. They're not like, let me find a 38-year-old. They're more like, let me find a 28-year-old. Yeah. And so that's real. Like that was a legit dynamic that he was pointing out And he was saying like, we're trying to come up with these like guidelines for young women. I'm like, consider doing it this way because you've been misled by third wave feminists into thinking you can have it all and you can and you can have it all at the same time. And I just thought that was a very interesting proposition. And I think what they were leaning toward though he hadn't finalized it was like, do get married, do have kids in your twenties and maybe push the career off until the thirties.


Right. Where the, where you will be able to generate something and get something going. But like you can't necessarily generate fresh young eggs when you're four. You're out Here promoting teen pregnancy. That's, but it's hard to get down across the board. I don't disagree. Exactly. But it's you that was what, when women were like, You know, trapped in traditionalist marriages where they didn't have income. That's why it was so hard for them to leave because they, it's not so easy to just start a career. So what, like what would you say to him? Yeah. That there's just has Well it's just the, it's a, the dual income household is the real, the realism of the situation. That's for most young people.


Yes. So Yes, you should have a job, you should find a way to have some income, but you shouldn't like devote your life maybe to being the most successful in some field if what you want as a family. And you just have to be honest with yourself. You know, it's hard to identify what you want in life and whether you want a family. I think people, young people struggle with that. Yeah. Because we're all so brainwashed to kind of be anti-natal, not want children because it's like an infr infringement upon our ambitions, our lifestyle, that sort of thing. And the pr around it has gotten so negative when it should be so positive.


Yeah. And I think like all the dating discourse that you see on the internet is profoundly like toxic and on sound. It's bad because it's like reactive and retarded and basically there's no way to game the system. It is a crapshoot, it is unclear whether you will meet the person who's right for you. That's just like what everybody has to reckon with. Well, he was raising a good point. Yeah. Which was that, I'm gonna botch this, but he was basically saying if you look at the averages of like the number of dating relationships the average person will have, they're relatively few. Yeah. I think he said it's like maybe five. Yeah, that makes sense. That's because If if each each, each relationship is like a year or two. Yeah. Yeah. Plus the recovery time. Right. Plus the time it takes to meet somebody new.


Yeah. He's not wrong. Yes. It's like you build that into the process from like 20 forward, then you are looking at like age th by age 30 those have happened. Yeah. I, I was like, God, this is really stark. But then there are situations like mine where I, I did marry somebody at age 30 and I divorced that person at age 35. And later in my 35th year, I moved out from Dan in February of 2006. And I met Doug in July of 2006. Like, it can happen, but I, everybody always looks at me and they're like, oh, that's extraordinary. You know, like it's, it's like one in a million, it doesn't happen and your career is one in a million. And I don't, I'm more of the abundance mindset that we discussed earlier where I'm like, it's not one in a million.


You can manifest it for yourself too. Like you can, and then when I say that people call me like a fourth wave feminist, like, you're just a conservative feminist. I'm like, no, I'm a, I'm an optimist. Yeah. Power of positive thinking. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Retain, You know, maintain hope. Yeah. That's how I feel like, like it will happen for you if you make it happen for you. Like if you believe it can happen and then you like you have to manifest it. I know that sounds nuts. Woo. No, but I believe in it. And, but you have to also be willing to make sacrifices. Like we were, were talking about this recently that so much of the like dating market conversation is so problematic because so many people, men and women, like overvalue them Yes. Themselves.


And they'll a realistic what? Ask what can you do for me versus what can I do for you? Yeah. This is what Jordan would say too. I mean, it's very dark, dark of these women are like, he's not good enough. Right. Where it's like, well, what are Whatcha bringing to the table needs and desires. And it's like, it's unfathomable for me to go into a relationship thinking like, what, what can he do for me? Can he pay my bills? Can he like, make me feel good about myself? Like that's the wrong narcissistic way of going about it. You have to ask yourself whether you're willing to love another person. And of course they have to be in on the game too, as to be a mutual thing. But it's outrageous that people ex I mean, you should expect a baseline of like positive treatment and like love and care and affection, but people expect so much from another person without giving anything in return.


Right. Well that's the thing now. That's that's it right there. Yeah. Like I've taken heat for saying, You know, I I wanna be a working woman, which I am, but I still want Doug to open my door for me. Yeah. Yeah. And I want him to do all the gentlemanly things that he does for me. And people say like, oh, what is that? You know, like, what is, so what, what are you committing to? But my own feeling is there's nothing incongruous with those two goals. I also am a working woman, but feel like I have primary responsibility generally for the housework. We have a maid. I'm, I'm not gonna, I'm not trying to fool anybody. Of course, as between me and Doug, I'm more likely. But You manage the household. Yes, I am.


And I'm more likely to like, I mean, I take care of all like Yeah. Presents and birthdays and like celebrations. Like I know that's, and like that's what are the dinner plans? Yeah. Like that's, that's generally women's work and I'm fine with that. I don't, I don't mind that I enjoy it. Like I love taking care of him in that way. Yeah. And there are other ways too, like I I, which I'm fine with, right? Like even though we have this sort of atypical on paper relationship, just, just given my success in broadcasting. Right. I, I like being more traditionalist in some ways. I don't think it is incongruous. No, I agree. Not at all. Yeah. We should all go on Jordan the next time together. That would be fun. Okay. Hey, you guys should go on with him. I actually wanna make that happen. We've you should, we've been trying to get him on our show.


Oh, I'll, I'll like not reach out to Him. Yeah. I think he would really enjoy this. He loves intellectual Ation. Yeah. We would get along, but he, I taught, I don't know if I should say this and allowed, but I know like his assistant or pub, I don't know what this guy does for him, but he mentioned that like, they just have very like hard quotas for like viewership or something. Something like that. Yeah. Oh, Before you can get on his show. Yes. Yeah. Yeah. That makes sense. He's a Bottleneck. Yeah. Oh yeah. But You Know what, did you see his debate? Which one? He Went on that jubilee. Oh. Ju they asked me to go on Jubilee. Oh you Don't do it? I said no, but it would be said don't do it. I don't You're way better than that. Don't ju I just feel like this is not my jam.


Well they had him debating as a Christian debating 20 atheists. Oh. Oh no. But then one of the Christians or atheists asked him point blank if he was a Christian And he wouldn't say that he was what, when he change the title of the YouTube video to like non atheist. He's atheist or something that, That's actually quite clever, but Well they, that kid made news. Yeah, he was, yeah. He was a little annoying and trollish, but he got Hisey point across. So Jordan's not a Christian. He wouldn't identify as a Christian at least Yeah. Sub even in the purposes of this debate where he was a Yeah. Yeah. Well that's actually really interesting.


Now that makes me wanna watch it. But I, I just thought like, why do I wanna debate a bunch of possible No, nothings no way. On my core issues. Like About what? Did they even give you a suggestion? They, they let it be up to me, but I was like, I lazy plus I'm not like, I'm not that person in the culture. I'm not like a culture warrior. I have thoughts, but I'm more about facilitating conversations. Right. Yeah. Than being like a main debater and killer of other people's points. Yes. Yeah. I'd be more likely to be like, oh, that's actually really interesting. Go on. Yeah, yeah. You know, than being like, you're wrong. You suck. So I don't think I'm right that show, but You Know, it's been, my kids love it. Yeah. It's fun. I watch 'em. Have you, did you, Have you been on it?


I mean I won. I, my god, like Speaking of Ben Shapiro, he's, he goes on it. Okay. And Charlie Kirk goes on it and Jordan goes like, these are, You know, they're combative. Right? I know people think I'm combative, but I'm not exactly combative like that. Like No, No. I'm only combative when you stumble upon one of my core issues, which tend to be just natural truths and you're lying about them. Yeah. You know, but You're not, you're not trying to own people. No, not at all. And they are. 'cause they're dudes and No, I'm a, I'm a learn at all. Yeah. I don't know at all, You know. That's nice. Yeah. Anyway, it's so much fun. I don't even know so much. It's two 30. We've been here forever for so long. We gotta go. You're not getting paid extra for this, but you're not getting paid at all. We don't Get paid anything. It's been a pleasure you guys.


Thank you so much for being here. Thank you so much for having us. Having so fun. Yeah. The Ladies of Red Scare everybody. Only one team like this. Such a pleasure. We have Charlie Kirk coming on Monday and in the meantime I hope you have a great, great weekend. Go ahead and download The Megyn Kelly Show on Apple, Pandora, Spotify, or Stitcher. I mean, honestly, I gotta, I gotta be honest, maybe you should download on Spotify 'cause we got completely effed over by Apple about a week ago where they didn't download the show. They, we have no idea why they didn't download the show. People who listen to the show on Apple had to go like nine hours waiting for it to appear. No one would talk to us. At least Spotify talks to us. YouTube, I love. Now they talk to us. They have like many executives who are like, we will make sure the MK show gets online.


They have never taken down the show. Not even a clip of the show. We've been demonetized. That's my problem, not yours. They've never taken down a clip of the show. Anyway, wherever you get it, go ahead and enjoy it and we'll see you Monday. Thanks for listening. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.