
Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. The Cora Nation of Kamala Harris is in full swing. We'll see if this lasts as journalists, Hollywood and fellow Democrats circle the wagons around the presumptive democratic nominee. Following a big rally in Atlanta last night, complete with a Megan Thee Stallion performance. Very classy. Very classy. The lyrics of her song, Kamala Harris, is suddenly the next Barack Obama celebrity instantaneously after they couldn't stand her 10 days ago.


And in the New York Times' words, her event dwarfed Mr. Biden's 2024 campaign events in both scale and enthusiasm. You know, who else did that? Donald Trump. But you didn't write about it like that. It comes as we are hearing, the guy who we believe we're not sure, it seems he is still president of the United States, is being cast in a supporting role at the upcoming Democratic National Convention. Relegated to speaking on CASP day one. This is supposed to be his convention. It doesn't even get into the primetime Wednesday or Thursday night slots. Meantime, new polling signals a shift in this race in favor of Kamala Harris. As the corporate media continues its onslaught against former President Donald Trump's running mate, JD Vance.


We're gonna dive into it all with our first guest, Batya Ungar Sargon opinion editor at Newsweek and author of Second Class,


do You Owe Back Taxes? Pandemic Relief is now long over along with hiring thousands of new agents and field officers. The IRS has spent the first six months of 2024 sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Don't waive your rights and speak with 'em on your own tax network. USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved over $1 billion in back taxes for their clients, and they can help you secure the best deal possible. Whether you owe 10,000 bucks or 10 million, they can help you, whether it's business or personal taxes, even If, you have the means to pay. Or if you're on a fixed income, they can help. Finally, resolve your tax burdens once and for all. Call 1 802 4 5 6,000 for a private free consultation, or visit tn usa.com/megan


Bia. Great to see you again. Welcome back to the show. Thank you So much for having me, Megan. It's great to be here with you. Okay, can we just start with the news on what's happened with Israel? Well, we don't know that it was Israel, that's my assumption. But with this Hamas top leader being assassinated in Tehran, this is interesting to me. I mean, I think most of the world suspects Israel. 'cause they said, we're going to exact retribution for what was done to our people on ten seven. And we know Hamas committed that this is a powder keg, right? It's a powder keg because Hezbollah is getting a little bit more aggressive and Israel's responding to them. Now we see the top Hama guy taken out, and here's where I wanna go with it.


Where's our president? Where's the US president? Because normally when the Middle East starts doing its serious powder keg thing, we have a sitting president reassure the American people, have a meeting with the leaders, try to keep things from boiling o boiling over, because it's not in our best interest to see that happen. I, as far as I know, we haven't heard from him on anything like this. Right. It was Kamala Harris who issued a statement last week after her meeting with Netanyahu. It was a Kamala Harris whose people issued a statement this week after the Hezbollah dust up, not Joe Biden. And even today, Joe Biden has yet to issue a statement on any of this.


Do we have a sitting president or don't we? It's such a great point, Megan. He really does seem to be MIA carrying on from what seems to have been his modus operandi for the last year. But at least there were sort of symbolic statements that would come out of the White House. And you're absolutely right. They do seem to have passed the torch already to Vice President Kamala Harris, who's been the one kind of taking the lead and making statements about this. We did hear from Anthony Blinken this morning, although his response was really, really awful. He basically came out and said, the US had nothing to do with this, and we know nothing about it.


I mean, nothing about America's ally taking out a terrorist leader. Nothing about America's ally dealing with America's enemies, right? Taking on our enemies as Americans, which makes us safer in the world. Simply out, we don't know anything about this. We don't know them. This is not on our watch. And basically what he's doing there is reprising the Obama doctrine, which If you recall Obama on foreign policy. By and large. What he sought to do was to weaken us allies and give sucker to our enemies. He had this view that there should be sort of balance in the world. And what that meant was none of America's allies should feel like they were sovereign and independent.


He always sought to kind of weaken, take the rug out from under them. And we're really seeing that, again, coming out of Anthony Blinken. And I don't think there's any reason to think that a Kamala Harris presidency wouldn't be in that exact same mold. Yeah. Right now we've got Iran's supreme leader, the Ayatollah, saying that Iran considers revenge as its duty. Again, this is the top Hamas leader who was killed, but he was killed inside Tehran. You've got Hamas' armed wing saying that this will have major repercussions. You've got Iran's revolutionary guard saying this will be met with a harsh and painful response. And you know, all of this is getting fever, pitch it.


Normally we might see a statement from the President of the United States about reaching out to these leaders, in particular in Israel, or the connections that we have with Temas. So far, nothing, Blinken is not the president. I realize he's got a diplomatic role to play too. But this is a pattern we're seeing now. It's like Joe Biden said, I'm not running for reelection. And we were supposed to just read the quiet part in our heads, which is he secretly resigned the presidency too. And it's a team governing now. So not only is he missing here, he will be, I mean, let's face it, second shift shrift, short shrift at the Democratic National Convention where night one is fine If, you're a friend or a surrogate for the president, the nominee.


But If, you are the sitting president whose nomination, this was the, the delegates who will be voting for Kamala Harris voted for him. They, he's the one they chose. This is not like a Bill Clinton after eight years, you know, or Barack Obama where they speak after eight years as they're going out willingly. It's amazing to me that to the end, they try to bury him, try to put him in the basement and try to make us forget how infirm he is, But also the ritual humiliation by his closest friends. Right? Yeah.


The ceaseless stabbing in the back before he stepped down, you had this feeling like the Obamas and the Clooney and the Pelosis of the world wanted him to humiliate himself as much as possible, just so they could get him off the ticket. A man who they have been friends with for 50 years, a man who they protected as long as they could keep from the American people, the truth of his state of mind. Right? And I just can't get over that. I mean, you don't have to like Donald Trump, you know, you don't have to be a Republican, but come on, I mean, where are, where's the outrage from average democratic voters, not in the elites, and how the man they voted for is being treated.


I mean, just at a human level to see an elderly person first sort of pushed to keep going beyond what he was capable of, and then ritualistically humiliated again and again and again for God's sake, couldn't they have put him on, you know, Wednesday, okay, fine, you don't wanna give him Thursday, you can't, but bring yourselves to give him, you know, a minute of time during this whole ossification of Kamala Harris, fine. But I mean Monday, really, this is ritual humiliation of Joe Biden for the crime of exposing the Democratic elites for number one, not believing in democracy.


As you pointed out, Meghan, they all voted for Joe Biden and they got Kamala Harris, number two for lying to the American people, right? That he exposed the media's lies and profi by failing to mask his own state of mind better. Right? And then of course, for exposing the Obama legacy, right? Obama was the captain of the oligarchy of the credentialed. The Democrats don't just have different values and the Republicans, the Republicans aren't just evil, but they're stupid, right? That is the, that's the Obama legacy. He refused to talk to anybody who didn't have an Ivy League degree. And Joe Biden with his fumbling, mumbling infirmity, his inability to complete a sentence, right?


He showed up the Democrats as being these frauds who had portrayed themselves as the expert class. We are the side of science, blah, blah, blah. And for all of these crimes, for exposing the Democrats for who they really are, they pulled out this massive hook and just pulled him off stage. And now they are intent on humiliating him until his last breath. This just in President Biden has made a statement on X, it reads as follows, farmers and ranchers work round the clock to put food on our tables and steward our nation's land. They should never experience discrimination in farm loan programs. That's what someone pretending to be President Biden is tweeting about, not the Middle East, not Tehran threatening to get Israel.


No. It's about discrimination in farming, which I'm sure is a very interesting topic to President Biden right now. I'm sure he's debating it hotly with his staff, but this is some 20 year old's idea of what's appropriate right now as we still have not heard from him. Okay, so let's talk about the coronation, because it's stomach turning, it's so fake. She hasn't done anything to justify this newfound love of her. You know, they, Lowry was making the point on the editors, like they all went to her because they were forced to, when Biden imploded, she hasn't done anything to come to them to say, let me earn it and these are the positions I have and let me dazzle you.


Right? No, they're like, eh, we're stuck with you, so we will love you. It's like a forced marriage where, you know, the bride is like, eh, I'm gonna try to focus on his gleaming white teeth instead of everything that's around it, right? Like they, they have to love her, but it is stomach turning to watch the media's sy of fancy around this woman who we know they do not actually love. Yeah. It's so amazing. This is the only way Kamala Harris could have gotten to the top of a presidential ticket. We all know that because we were all around four years ago when her campaign for president imploded before a single vote was cast, right?


Yeah. It's not like she was close and now we're all supposed to, it's not like she was lady and waiting. Exactly. She almost got there. It, it wasn't that, it wasn't like Hillary versus Barack. She was, she was blown out. They had zero interest in her and her crazy far left positions, which she was running on as recently as 19. Right? That's exactly right. Somebody on Twitter made a really funny joke. They said, they, they said, I am tied with president, vice president Kamala Harris for the number of votes she got for president in 2020, which is zero, right? And it's so amazing to see her sort of try to go back to kind of democrat factory settings, right? Because to, in order to get ahead in that primary, she went far, far, far to the left, and now she's simply reversing every single one of those positions, which of course raises the question that you raise, Megan, which is, okay, so what has she done to make her worthy of this coronation, right?


Which I, I've been calling the ossification because right, there's nothing there beyond just vibes, right? And it's so insulting to their voters. They show such contempt for them, this idea that they don't have to bring out a single piece of policy that she could say, this is my signature, this is what I represent. She only represents their conviction that Joe Biden could not beat Donald Trump. And it's so amazing to me that we're supposed to just buy this after the media lied about Joe Biden and then did this 180 on him, turning absolutely vicious, giving him the Trump treatment to get him off that stage. And now once again, this 180 on a woman who has really brought very little to this ticket and to this moment, it's a really, really amazing thing to see.


And I think, you know, people keep saying, they keep trying to sell this on M-S-N-B-C, that this is kind of 2008 again, that, you know, this is the next, you know, Barack Obama. But I really do think it's ringing really, really hollow at this moment. We're past the kind of apex of the woke movement that tried to pass off this canard that Americans are divided Based on race. We have just gotten past that as a society. I don't know If you saw this, but the liberal patriot Ru RA's newsletter came out this morning with data from a new study that showed that the white white wealth gap, meaning the wealth gap between rich white people and poor white people, is now bigger than the black white wealth gap.


Okay? Everybody knows this. The real divide in America is along class lines. It's not a long race lines. And so for her to come out the gate and say, what I'm bringing to the table is representation. What she represents is the elites, right? And I think that this is very, very clear to the American people right now. So I know that you've been writing about this, but that is obviously her narrative and her background versus the background of JD Vance is one of the many reasons they find him so threatening and that he must be destroyed there. You know, you had this Kentucky governor, Andy Beshear has been going off on JD Vance, we've been playing the soundbites.


He's very threatened by him. And he's like, you know, he talks about his origin story. What's that? Normal human beings have a childhood. What's an origin story as if that's not a common term that people talk about? Like, you know, my origin story is really like roots in Kentucky, moved to Middletown. That is something that people say, and the reason they're so triggered by it has in part to do with her privilege. She cannot run on white privilege in this race. Not just because of her own background, but also because of jds. I think that's exactly right. She has the kind of background that really predicts for upward mobility.


Her mother has a PhD. They valued education very much at home. Her bio, her official bio at the White House talks about her loving extended family. And these are all of the things that predict for upward mobility in America today. Whereas JD comes out of this broken, broken situation, these broken destroyed communities in the Rust Belt, which were destroyed by democratic policies like, you know, nafta, opening the border de defunding vocational training in schools, you know, thank you Presidents, bill Clinton, Barack Obama, and Joe Biden. And that's where he comes out of JD Vance is a survivor of domestic violence.


There are so many people who look to that, to to, to that thing that he survived who are experiencing that right now, and seeing that representation and thinking, wow, it can really get better. And that moment at the RNC where he pointed to his mom who's been clean for 10 years after struggling with heroin and, and president, president Trump stood up for her and joined that tearful standing ovation. Do you know how many people in America were looking at that and thinking, wow, we were forgotten and we were left behind and nobody cared about us. And they tried to hide it with all of this racial language to divide us and look at what can be if we don't give up on ourselves, because that ticket has not given up on us.


That really is what the choice of JD Vance represented. I think it was so clever of the Trump campaign to really go in that direction, And it. Such a contrast with Kamala Harris. And again, really exposing the ways in which the leftist elites use the language around race as a smokescreen to hide the ways in which they have benefited from the class divide. And the communities that JD Vance comes from have really paid the price. Oh my gosh, that's so well said. Bad. Yeah, she's literally written a book on this. It's called Second Class. You can see it over her right shoulder on the screen.


Well worth your time. but that moment at the convention really is meaningful to me because you could see his mom, Beverly has lived a rough life. You know, she wasn't all dolled up. I mean, she looked lovely. I'm just saying they, she wasn't like a perfectly quaffed Michelle Obama type, like, you know, oh, look at me. And they, they put her out there. There was a moment between the two of them. And what was meaningful about it to me was it's not a great relationship. Like J Hass been pretty open about the fact that he was an abuse abused child in many ways. It's not that she was hitting him, it's that she scared him to, within an inch of his life, she put him in that car, she drove at excessive speeds and said she was gonna kill them both.


That's abuse. She, the family strong armed him into not testifying against her with the truth. When she then got charged criminally, she was actively addicted to drugs. And then eventually heroin, she was bringing man after man into her home with young children, including a little boy jd. He was having Pepsi in the baby bottle. He was sleeping in the jeans. He didn't have somebody really looking after him other than when his grandma came into the picture more full-time mama. And she, she helped JD and his, his mom stuck around and she helped him with some homework and things like, he writes about it all, and he'll Bill Elegy. It's not that he loathes his mom, but you know, I can speak to this personally.


When you've got someone in your family who's got a rampaging drug addiction, it, it ruins them And, it can ruin your relationship. And, it can ruin your family at least temporarily. And those scars may not fully ever heal ever. And so it was actually really damn brave for them to put her out there. And JD didn't try to say like, we're all good. We're all good. You know, in talking about her, there was a reference in a speech that kind of suggested she's here. And you know, it, it's complicated. And that's terrifying to them because what do they do Baja? They look at JD and Trump and their followers, and they see deplorables, they see bitter clingers, they see fat losers who are on drugs and they mock them like behind closed doors with their Harvard degrees.


They would have nothing to do with these people. Nothing. But they know they need some of them to vote for them, right? So they're placed in this impossible position. So they've gotta run to their base women who love abortion to say he's the devil and he hates you. That's such a good point. Yeah. I've had a very similar thought when members of j D's family came up on the stage at the RNC, you know, and a lot of them had tattoos and other things that you don't usually see on display in the sort of hallowed grounds of the American elites, And. it was just incredibly powerful to say, you guys matter.


You guys have a seat at the table, and you're so right Megan, about how JD spoke to his mom, that implied forgiveness, that implied grace If you will, right? Which I'm sure is very tied to his conversion to Catholicism, which seems to have had a really deep impact on how he sees the world and on how he sees the community that he comes from, you know, all of its problems and so forth. I, I totally agree with you. I think that that is really, really dangerous to them. I will say, you know, there's nothing wrong with apologizing for comments that you may have made when you were kind of, you know, less prominent about, you know, women with no children's.


Why can't, but I, I'll tell you why he can't because he said him so many times, the childless cat lady phrase, not so much, but the underlying point, he believes it's not the childless people are bad. I don't think he believes that, but he really believes that there is a need to fight in defense of the choice to procreate. Like he feels like that is under attack by a section of the left that thinks there's some sort of shame and bringing children into this fragile world for mostly for environmental reasons. There may be shame attached to actually doing it.


And that the good thing to do would be not to If you really care about the world and those imagined children because what are you setting them up for? And he's been attacked by them. And so If, you look, go back and look at when he was making these comments, many times he references himself being under attack by these people. And it's because he's getting tired of listening to them tell people that it's irresponsible to have children. And so you can see a guy in a defensive posture, you know, saying kind of f off the future of the country in the world depends on people having children and these childless cat ladies can STF you. That's the MK version of it.


Yeah. I, i, look, I totally hear all that. I, my counterpoint would just be the GOP is in its big tent era, you know, it's, it's, it's broadening its doors. There are masses and masses of people who would never have considered becoming Republicans before who now are really considering it. And I think that the posture of the Trump campaign should be, we're not willing to sacrifice a single one, even if they are misunderstanding us. And I would urge people, that's why I think it's really important not to sort of refer to Kamala Harris as a DEI candidate. DEI hire. What if there's one person, one black man who for the first time was gonna vote for a de for a Republican and is not paying so such close attention, right?


He's busy trying to feed his family in Joe Biden's economy, which is very difficult, right? Paying attention with half an ear And, it rings hot, you know? Oh, I know what they mean by that. You know, why sacrifice even one of those people, we have a country to save, right? I think that should be sort of the posture. And I think that there are a lot of people who traditionally would've been on the other side of some of these culture war debates, who, for the real economic reasons that Trump is bringing to the table the really incredible economic agenda to bring back the middle class that the Democrats don't have, right? That is such a winning, winning argument. Trump is such a centrist, when you look at Trump's agenda, you look at the position Trump has chosen on every single issue, Meghan, it has 60, 65, 70% among the American people, whether it's abortion, mass deportations, social security, Medicare unions, right?


All of these issues, Trump has rediscovered that middle lane. It is such a precious thing to have given back to the American people. And that's kind of where I think the future of politics is. And the fact that the GOP has gotten there, it's a huge achievement. Yeah. It, it, there is a moderate in this race, it's not Kamala Harris. Yeah. I wanna go back to the JD Vance comments because all over the, you know, they, well, they keep finding more comments along these lines and every day create an another news cycle around them, And it, iss like, we get it. This is how he feels. And he said it in many places. So today you've got headlines all over the place, Huffington Post and elsewhere, excerpting, JD Vance says, no, the following about women, I don't have my, oh yeah, okay, here's, here's this one, look at this.


We have to go to war against the idea that women don't have to have kids. That's how they're representing it. This is actually in a few places we have, they're saying, he said, we have to go to war against the idea that women don't have to have kids. Okay? So we went back and actually looked at the interview that he gave to the Federalist in 2021, and we're gonna play you his remarks that they based that false headline on. And then I'll tell you exactly what was going on in the media before he made these remarks. Actually, I'll just tell you now before we go into it. It was 2021. This idea was growing in popularity that to have children was a bad idea.


It, it was irresponsible for the reasons I stated. And he went on the Federalist 10 days after Mother's Day in 2021, and right around Mother's Day, this messaging was gearing up in earnest 2021. Here's L Magazine, why I can't stop thinking about child-free women on my fourth mother's day. I find myself more drawn than ever to women who decided against having children. That's a nice Mother's Day celebration, L 2021, today's parent. I love my kids, but I don't like parenting. And I know I'm not alone. Of course, that fierce forever love is a given. But the actual day in, day out vagaries of parenting for me and a growing number of North American moms, that's a hard pass.


Okay? There's some other headlines out around this time. The Atlantic. Two reasons parents regret having children. Carrie wishes she'd never had them. She spent a few years feeling satisfied as a mother, but now locks herself in the kitchen and wonders, who am I? What am I doing here? She can't pursue paid work because she has no shepherd. She has to shepherd her 12-year-old and 10-year-old to school as well as the therapy appointments for their disabilities. Carrie, who lives in the uk told me she often fantasizes about visiting her friend Hawaii and never coming back. Here's another one, Buzzfeed, right around the same time, 15 parents shared why they regret having kids and their reasons why are 100% valid. And then, then comes jd, he goes, he sits on the Federalist May of 2021 right after Mother's Day and says the following.


I also think, just to be a a little stark about this, I think we have to go to war against the anti-child ideology that exists in our country a few weeks ago. No, Twitter is not real life, but I, I, I forget even what caused it. But there was this ridiculous effort by millennial feminist writers to talk about why having kids was not a good thing. Why they were glad they didn't have kids. And even encouraging people who had had children to talk about why they regretted having children, which of course is like to Mother's Day book. Yeah. On, on Mother's Day, which is like psychologically deranged to ask mothers on Mother's Day to talk about why they were regretted having children. And what it made me realize is that so much of what drives elite culture is mediocre millennial journalists who haven't gotten out of their career what they thought they would.


Right? And the thing is, everybody can be an exceptional mother and father. Not everybody can be an exceptional journalist at the New York Times, and not enough people have accepted that if they put their entire life's meaning into their credential, into where they went to school, into what kind of job they have, If, you put all of your life's meaning into that. You're gonna be the sort of person who asks women to talk about how they regret having children. You're gonna be a sad, lonely, pathetic person and you're gonna know it internally. So you're gonna project it onto people who have actually built something more meaningful with their lives. I think we have to go to war against that ideology and the people behind it because we need to say to the people in my hometown, my, you know, I've seen this with, just to be honest with, with my sister.


I love my, my, my sister is just The best person. I love her to death. And sometimes, you know, she'll say things to me like, you know, I just may, maybe I should have delayed having kids. Maybe I should have went to school. Maybe I should have did this or that. And it's like, Lindsay, you've been a great mom. Your children are happy, they're healthy, you've taken good care of them. You've shown me, I mean, you know, she was my older sister. She took care of me a lot in a very chaotic home. People like my sister should not feel like the cultural messaging is, your life is inadequate. The people who are sending that message should feel that their life is inadequate. Pretty remarkable. When you hear what he actually said versus how he's being portrayed Baja, it's a lie.


What he said in that interview, and you heard the whole context was we have to go to war against the anti-child ideology that's being spread. That the idea, the very idea that having them is a mistake for anyone. The attack was incoming on parents. He was defending parents and those who choose to procreate against the attack. He wasn't launching one on people who make a different choice. That's a great point. Yeah. Our mutual friend, Bethany Mandell was texting me about this. She said, you know, people don't understand, people who don't have kids don't understand how frequently we get attacked for being parents, how impatient people are with us, how much contempt they have for us.


but that is a real thing. I think there's another thing going on here, Megan, which is, you know, JD Vance is the f very, very young, right? This is a person who had, you know, a very robust online life before ascending to the position that he's in as you know, potential next vice president of the United States. You know, we, we'll never again, not have this situation where somebody was very free flowing with their words, you know, spoke a lot about a cultural issue that deserved attention and that, you know, he felt passionately about that deserved to be part of the conversation that maybe is not exactly how he would've phrased it if he was running for office, right? We are always now going to have that, you know, because our elected officials are going to be getting younger and younger and have more and more of an online record to talk about and respond to.


And that is something that we're gonna have to get used to. And if we're just saying people are disqualified because of the way that they might have phrased something while being on a podcast, right, while finding common cause something. But That's not what they're saying. They're dad, that's not what they're saying. They're trying to make it into something other than what it is. Of course, they're trying to put an evil spin on it. And this plays right into their long running approach to running against Republicans to make them anti-woman. You know, that, that they genuinely believe that because of abortion, they really believe that If, you are pro-life. You are anti-woman, you know, even if you're pro baby, like they're running, they're running right now. They're so thrilled. There have been thought pieces on how Kamala Harris, such a badass because of the way she cross-examined Brett Kavanaugh when he was being confirmed.


The 19 words that changed the whole confirmation hearing And, it was something to the effect of like, can you name me a law that controls what a man does with his body? And Brett Kavanaugh stumbled because he wasn't good in those confirmation hearings. And the, you know, the proper answer is no, because men don't have the privilege of sharing a body with a little baby and growing another human. This is something only a woman can do, which the left won't acknowledge in any other context. But this is only a woman, this is only a woman's job. And the law, the constitution, the Supreme Court has constantly acknowledged that. The Supreme Court has always acknowledged that that's a balancing test. There is a, there is without question a period, even under the ro era, where the baby's rights become legally significant and must be considered in addition to the mothers.


That's, that's the roe era. Anyway, that's not a slam by Kamala Harris. She doesn't know what she's, of course a man doesn't have to deal with that. He doesn't create babies. Maybe she forgot that. 'cause she is a leftist. Alright, let me say one other thing. This is up your alley. They're trying to take a shot at him in class. Like I said, Andy Bashir, he is a, he ain't one of us. This is like silver SPO spoon lawyer whose dad was rich. Who? But ain't, ain't ain't. Oh, okay, I get it. You're real man of the people. So they're Sure, sure. Andy, the view decided to take, to take a shot at JD and parrot another attack by Beshir. He's like, he gets a chance to make all this money and he takes a shot at our people as being lazy, which is just so dishonest.


Anybody who's read Hillbilly GY or listened to JD talk about where he comes from, knows he's got nothing but love for the people he grew up with. He, all he wants is to make their lives, their lives better. That's literally why he became a politician. But listen to these efforts over at The View. No, no, I'm going to, I'm going to pity this man. Okay. All right. Remember how, how Mr. T used to pity the fool Pity. Yeah. Pity the fool And. it says that people who don't have children are sociopath. Does that include Mother Theresa and Popa? Right? Pope Francis. They don't have kids. I mean, what is he talking about? I, I think nothing. I'm talking about nothing to Sarah's clip. To to, to that point. What's so difficult for me is that he writes this thing Hillbilly Elegy, right?


Yeah. About, about sort of growing up poor and, and now he blames the people in Appian. He that's what I was gonna say. He, but he blames the people for their circumstance. Look, I grew up in poverty. I remember what it feels like to be hungry. I remember what it feels like not to have enough. He's one of those people that wants people to pull themselves up by the bootstrapped when they don't have boots. So he has made it out of Appalachia, but he's blaming those people in Appalachia for the structural problems that keep them there. And I think that is the most despicable thing about him. He Wrote a really interesting and smart book About getting outta poverty And, and, and didn't recognize that he isn't out of poverty.


He is bereft, He's bereft of morality. He Has, he is bereft of morality. He's bereft a spine. Empathy. Yeah. No, he's got a spine. It's just not a good one. Yeah, It's Crooked. Well, he is poor in that sense. He's A poor dude. But Trump's a phony Too. And I'll just play this one other soundbite, BJA, because he was asked questions like this when Hillbilly Elegy hit, gave tons of interviews, including to me, major Ungar, C of CBS news. And he had an exchange in which he said as follows, The, the, I think a lot of those, a lot of folks on the left don't appreciate that. That people don't want to hand out, they don't want government support and they don't from the right want people to talk about the noble entrepreneur.


What they want is, is people to recognize the dignity of working people. And I think that what was genius about the politics of Trump's campaign is that he focused on workers and he focused on jobs. It wasn't about the wealthy entrepreneur with a private jet. It wasn't about a government handout. It was about the folks in the middle. And he goes on to, to explain If, you read the book. What he's talking about is there, some people do have a mentality of apathy. They grow up the way JD grew, grew up, and they feel apathetic. And no amount of government money pouring in on them is going to change that. And for that, acknowledging that reality. He's a classless, you know, heartless cad, It's so amazing because my copy of Hillbilly Elegy was, it's the 2018 copy.


And so it's sort of festooned with praise from all the same outlets that are now attacking him. You know, the New York Times, the Atlantic NPR, right? All these places that now refer to him in like the most extremist, horrible terms. And what changed was back then, he was a never Trumper, right? He didn't like Trump and If, you don't like Trump. You can get away with a lot as a conservative in the liberal media. Yes. But when he, you're right, realized that Trump was the one who cared about the middle class, that Trump was the one who offered his hometown the best shot. That was it. They had to do this 180 and turn on him. I I wanna make a few other points. I think that there is an element to this kind of weird, right?


They started calling him weird. First of all, how scary is it? How they all parrot each other, right? They they're, they're a herd animal. They should be embarrassed, embarrassed. The American media, it's so embarrassing because they sound exactly like the politicians they're supposed to be covering adversarially. But let's put that aside. I think there's an element of bullying here, right? Because the idea is we are the ones who confer status. We are the ones who decide what's cool and what's weird, right? It's to make him feel self-conscious. A person who came from nothing, who spent much of his adult life trying to learn the rules of the elites because it is a very different world than the one that he grew up in.


And I think the idea is to invoke this enough times in order to make him feel very self-conscious in a very gross way. But also, it's so amazing. Meghan, how did you notice how last week Trump went from being the biggest threat to democracy we've ever faced? To weird. Like there's been kind of a downgrading of the threat posed by the Trump V ticket, right? Hitler and I think, which is it exactly, right? He went from exactly Are is he Hitler? Is he weird? And I think that they just, they, they cannot help but expose how they don't actually take any of their accusations seriously. When they say that JD Vance is weird, what they're saying is exactly like you said, Megan, that you know those people from middle America struggling to make it in Joe Biden's economy who maybe don't go jogging every day and maybe have tattoos and maybe have addictions.


And they struggle that those people are weird. Those people are not worthy of our respect and not worthy of dignity. That's what they are saying when they call them weird. Meanwhile they're campaigning on like inclusion. You know, differences shouldn't separate us. We should be kind. Okay, that, what's kind about that? And by the way, I used to tell my kids when they were little, if anybody ever calls you weird, you should say to them in response, yeah, maybe I am. I hate to be boring. What's it like? That's what you should say, right? Like, what do you, what's wrong with being weird and different for, from everybody else? That's amazing. They're trying to stigmatize him.


I do wanna show you, I don't know, If, you saw this, we played it yesterday. Have you seen the ad with the fat men who are clearly like molester types pitting out. Look at this Baja. This is, this is from a super PAC supporting Kamala Harris. We want the government involved in all aspects of your sex life. Way more involved, way more involved. When you have sexual intercourse, it should be illegal to use contraception. No pills, no condoms. Your Genitals are reserved for procreation. If, you freeze 12 eggs, you should be required to have 12 babies or else you're a serial killer. And I'm definitely not a serial killer. Are You? I'm voting in November. I'm voting in November. We are all voting in November.


Are you? Because what happens in your bedroom is up to me, Is up to me and my son also mouth stuff is a sin. That's what they think of Republicans. That none of that comes close to representing Trump's platform at all. And on top of it, that's how they see the Republican voter. That is so disgusting and you're so right. And I, I just again, have to commend the Trump campaign for what they did vis-a-vis project 2025. Because what they effectively did was neutralize the only policy agenda item that Kamala Harris could have used against Trump, which is abortion.


But Trump came out, you know, in support of abortion in 15 weeks. And when Project 2025, which was more restrictive, not much more, but slightly more restrictive, tried to say, we represent the future of this administration. Trump effectively said, no, you don't. I I represent what the people want. I know what my voters are looking for. It is my job to reflect what my voters want, not what the elites and my party want. And this was such a brilliant move to change the conversation and really take the strongest bow out of the Harris campaign's quiver. Of course, all of her ads have been using this language that she's developed for her. Stu Speech If. you notice she keeps saying, we represent the future where all Americans have a shot or have a part in it.


Right? And what she's trying to do there is first of all, invoke this racial gender identity politics issue, right? To divide people, right? The suggestion is that the Republicans want to exclude certain people from the benefits of the future when the Democrats clearly have no interest in middle America in helping working class Americans of all races who don't agree with their far left social programming, right? But the idea is also to suggest somehow that Trump is trying to bring us back into the past when the truth is the past that Trump is trying to recreate is, you know, 2019, which was actually a really good year for America. You know, the bottom 25% of wage earners saw a 4.5% wage increase.


And the top 25% only saw a 2% wage increase. Which means, Meghan, that Donald Trump was the first president in 60 years to shrink income inequality in America. Now that is what he should be running on The Coronation Media, however, is doing a good job of persuading Democrats that she is the second coming. And how could you not feel that way? If you tuned in to any news channel over the past 10 days? I mean, it's amazing the whitewashing of her record, the the cover they're running to protect her.


And now we're getting polls back to show what kind of an effect is it happening? Is it having today we've got the latest Bloomberg Morning consult poll out headline is that she has erased Trump's lead in several swing states. Now, I will say that this poll does not have the best rating And, it has consistently been putting the Biden Trump contest as stronger for Biden than the other polls have. So take it with a grain of salt. But this is what it shows that Trump has lost his leads in Nevada, Arizona, and Wisconsin. And that Harris has more than doubled Biden's lead over Trump in Michigan and closed in on his lead in Georgia, where both candidates are currently tied at 47% that she went up in polls in Pennsylvania and North Carolina.


Now I'll also tell you that none of that is matched by the real clear politics average of all the polls, including the polls that have a much better rating than Bloomberg and Morning Consult. In other words, their Bloomberg showing he lost his lead in Nevada RCP shows. Trump has a four point lead in Nevada. That's the average of all polls they're showing. He lost his lead in Arizona. Real clear politics shows he's up 4.2 in the average of all polls in Arizona. They're showing he lost his lead in Wisconsin, realtor politics showed they're tied, but he's up 0.2% in Wisconsin and that he's up 3.6 in Georgia. And in any, anyway, you gotta keep in perspective. But what we're seeing here, the are the beginnings of what looks like a swing in the swing states in Harris's favor, And, it would be one thing, BJA If, you knew she'd gotten out there, she'd made her points, they had a debate, they fought, they fought it out, and she was resonating.


That's not what's happening. This is an AstroTurf lift that the media has provided her Completely. And I wouldn't worry too much about it. I mean, I think that it probably will dissipate somewhat. I don't think the race can be called anymore in the way that it could have before. But, you know, I don't expect this to stick. There was a poll that came out yesterday that found that Harris is actually polling worse with black voters than Joe Biden was. Which didn't surprise me, but surprised a lot of people. Trump is running a very good campaign. You know, the most hilarious thing that he's done so far is he's about to give a rally in the exact same hall in Georgia that Kamala Harris gave hers in yesterday of, you know, another one of his very charming moves.


He's addressing, you know, the National Association of Black Journalists today. He's running a a nearly perfect campaign. He's keeping the discourse high. He's not falling for any of the traps that the Harris campaign is putting out there for him. If he can keep that up, I I, it's hard for me to imagine that this kind of ossification campaign will get that far because voters aren't stupid. You know, they're just not. And they need access to the American dream and they don't have it. And the Democrats have no platform and No agenda to offer them that will help them get there. And I think that that's clear to a lot of people.


I mean, immigration remains a huge issue. It is typically now these days, the number one issue for American voters. And that is another thing. Of course, the media's running cover for her on saying she wasn't the border czar. And then If, you even take that title out of it saying she didn't have responsibility for the border when we know that she did. And she acknowledged that she did at the time. And Joe Biden is on tape saying she did. There was an interview on CNN yesterday between Jake Tapper and Elizabeth Warren, who was voted less liberal than Kamala Harris. Kamala Harris was voted the number one most liberal person in the US Senate. And they've now scrubbed that from the internet, not voted, but deemed by this so supposedly non-partisan group that takes a look at voting records.


In any event, listen to what Elizabeth Warren said, 'cause we're all trying to figure out who the hell is Kamala Harris, who is she? Because she said a bunch of things when she was running in 19, that she's now disavowed by campaign statement. Not her, not in an interview, not an pressor, not even in a statement that she signed just your campaign. So we don't know where she stands on a lot of these issues, but here's Elizabeth Warren trying to enlighten us By giving the nomination to one of the leaders of the border effort. Aren't Democrats doubling down on one of your party's biggest vulnerabilities? Well, let's remember to start with the facts. And that is that border crossings now are lower than they were in the last year of the Trump administration.


But recognize, and I know that Kamala Harris knows this, this is a problem that ultimately has to be solved by Congress. We need the tools in order to have more resources at the border, to have more resources in the states and cities that are supporting migrants. And I believe we need to create a pathway to citizenship. All of that is part of what we need to do for comprehensive immigration reform. Kamala Harris will work with Congress and get that done. Okay? So we need to give more money to the illegals and create a pathway to citizenship. And Kamala Harris will get that done. Batya.


That is a losing platform. If Kamala Harris explicitly endorses that, And also Elizabeth Warren knows it's not true. I, I can't say that about Kamala Harris 'cause I, I don't know what she knows, what she thinks, what she believes. She is such a cipher to me because she doesn't give interviews. She doesn't, you know, and she changes her mind so frequently. But Elizabeth Warren, like everybody knows that securing the border was accomplished in 2019 by President Trump in 2018 and 2017. It was accomplished by executive action because that is how you secure the border. And when they say that they, they're just lying through their teeth.


They're trying to spin this narrative that has no legs. And I think working class people are just fed up of being lied to all the time. That nonsense about the immigration rate right now is Based on the fact that Joe Biden losing this presidential election, finally issued an executive order to stop the vast majority of the asylum claims coming. And he could have done this at any point in his president. In fact, what he did when he took office was reversed all of Trump's tough on the border policies. So he did that just so they'd, he'd give them this talking point so they could say that line that the border crossings right now are down low versus the other four years of his presidency when they've been upwards of 3 million a year, Trump had 400,000 a year.


Okay, that's the truth. Standby more with Baja right after this.


Do you ever think to yourself, how can I be working this hard and still be in debt? The piles of overdue bills, the threatening phone calls, and never having money to do anything. If, you are trapped in debt. Done with Debt can be a way out. They have developed aggressive new strategies to end your debt permanently. Done with Debt stands between you and harassing bill collectors. They tirelessly negotiate with your creditors to lower or even forgive what you owe. And they do it all without bankruptcy or new loans. One client said one phone call saved us a fortune. I wish we'd done it long ago. Done with Debt has unique strategies to get you out of debt faster and to put more money in your pocket every month. But you do need to hurry because some debt solutions are time sensitive and you don't wanna miss out. Visit Done with Debt dot com. Speak with one of their debt relief strategists for free. What do you have to lose? Accept your debt. Go to Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com.


So about another word on the polls just to underscore what Bloomberg new news slash morning consult found in Michigan. They're showing Harris is up over Trump. By 1111, they had been showing Biden up over Trump by five in Arizona. They're showing Harris up over Trump by two, that would be a five point swing because they were showing Trump over Biden by three in Nevada. They're showing Harris up two again, this would be a five point swing because they had been showing Trump up by three. Now I don't rule all of this out because not only are they doing their level best to smear JD Vance, but they are absolutely laing Kamala Harris with this praise that we've been discussing.


I mean, I'll just give you a little example. New York Times, I mentioned this earlier, celebrating how her event dwarfed Mr. Biden's campaign events in both scale and enthusiasm. Washington Post, it's boisterous, it's energetic in ways the Democratic Party has arguably not seen for years in Wall Street Journal writing up how she's offered a high octane blast of dancing and mus and music interjecting fresh energy into the campaign. We're in Brett's summer according to CBS. And then there's Claire McCaskill over at Morning Joe with this take on her remarks in Atlanta. It is a remarkable thing that we are witnessing.


This is a woman who's been underestimated by the chattering class much. I don't think people realize how hard it is when you are constantly interrupted with a lot of emotional outbursts of a crowd and how you pause and allow that emotion to build, to do it with confidence, with a smile on her face. That's the biggest contrast in this campaign now, Jonathan, is that the Democrats are having fun and it's about joy and opportunity and freedom. And the other side is about, you know, cat Ladies eighties, The way she paused, she paused when the crowd cheered and smiled.


It's amazing. And of course the Trump rallies are, are known for being very depressing events. No one's having a good time. I mean, they were a little blue when he got shot in the face. But other than that, I would say the Trump rallies have been actually quite celebratory. This is ridiculous. It's really embarrassing. I mean, can you imagine saying about a grown woman that it's an achievement that she paused to receive applause at a rally for her. I mean the, the condescension, it's so embarrassing, the refusal to take her seriously as a politician who has done some things in her 59 years. Is it, you know, on planet earth.


Yeah. And like it's so condescending. It's so embarrassing. It's so, I mean, it's frankly pretty racist. The idea that, you know, we cannot take what she says seriously. We have to, we have to experience her at some sort of esoteric level beyond just did she do a good job at the job she had? Did she keep her word? Was she accountable? Did she represent the American people? Right? Yeah. There's something about it that's really cringe inducing. And I, I, I do think that we are past the place as a society, as a nation where that is enough. I mean, it's enough for the incredibly wealthy white people who apparently now identify as white people who are joining these calls to raise money for her.


But I don women Think it's enough. They're, they're able to use the W word Exactly. Both, both W words, white and women. It's amazing, Right? It's so amazing. And it's, it, I mean it's so funny because throughout the kind of the peak of the, the apex of the woke stuff, there were a lot of people saying, you know, If, you tell people that they are primarily their race and their gender. You're gonna have a lot of white people suddenly being like, okay, well that's my identity. I'm a white person and you're not gonna like that. Right? And that's literally what we're seeing now. We're seeing people taking on their whiteness as a political identity. But it's okay with the Democrats because they're doing it to become subservient to a person of color.


I mean, this is just the most disgusting thing. It's like the reversal of everything that we have been trying to escape from our past that we successfully escaped from. And they know that because they see all of these people of color who are considering voting for Republicans for the first time in their lives. It's So ridiculous. Like, no normal black person wants this. Literally none. I've got a bunch of black people who listen to the show they call in, they rape me all the time. They would rather die than have us talk about them or treat them like this. But then, you know, it's not just Harris and Claire McCaskill. It's, you mentioned these white women for Trump.


We ran some of this yesterday. Look at this moron, Ariel Foer, who If you look at this person's social media. She speaks to everyone like they're five with her lessons about how to be more inclusive. But we all got our first looksie at this gal on her white women for Trump Zoom, not Trump, Paris. As white women, we need to use our privilege to make positive changes. If, you find yourself talking over or speaking for bipoc individuals, or God forbid, correcting them. Just take a beat and instead we can put our listening ears on. So do learn from and amplify the voices of those who have been historically marginalized and use the privilege you have in order to push for systemic change.


As white people, we have a lot to learn and unlearn. So do check your blind spots. I want this girl to be subjected to 24 7 videotapes of Donald Trump for the foreseeable future. That should be her punishment. She clearly would go nuts. What is she? So, I mean, I, I, I had Stephen A. Smith on the show just yesterday. I, I guess I was racist when I talked over him and the few times I interjected during his, I mean, who knew? That was an act of racism and privilege by me. I'm sure Stephen A. Smith does not see it that way. So the amazing Mary Catherine Ham did a wonderful parody of this woman. Everyone should check it out. It's being very, very, getting the praise it deserves on Twitter.


It's, she just, oh, I need to see that. She absolutely nailed it. It's so good. This, everything about this woman is everything that is wrong with the Democratic Party, right? The obsession with racial categories and policing people's language. The infantilization of everything. Everyone is a child or a kindergarten teacher, right? The level of discourse is just so insulting. You have to be so privileged to be sitting there and thinking the number one problem facing this country is that a person of color might get interrupted by a white person. She literally said, God forbid, correcting them. I mean, this is where they are at.


And this is not where the country is at. It's funny that you said that black people are insulted by this. I keep saying, you know, the republicans, conservatives pro-Trump, people avoid calling Kamala Harris, a DEI hire. It's, you know, what, if somebody's not paying close attention, they're put off by it. Just keep it, keep the level of discourse high. And I've also heard from multiple black friends who said, why pull punches? You think you're protecting us? We think it's disgusting too. Of course, she's a DEI hire, he said he is only gonna hire a black woman. You think we like that? It's so insulting to us. So I've also heard sort of the other side. I still think I'm right. Yeah, but I've heard that side too. No. So it's, I mean, I really, I would love to speak with this Ariel, but on the other hand, I won't because she seems kind of dumb, but she's entertaining, highly entertaining.


And they all sat there on that call. Like, yeah, like snaps right on Ariel, right? Bipoc. You can't correct a bipoc. They did like the women, when you're born with the vagina, it gives you the truth telling gene and the black vagina or penis gives you the I'm never wrong, gene. Who knew? Okay? You learn something every day on the MK show. So, speaking of affectations, here's Kamala Harris yesterday in Atlanta, unveiling what appears to be a new accent. And you all helped us win in 2020. And we gonna do it again in 2024? Yes.


We'll, Yes. We'll, Okay. She's from California. That's not how she talks. So I don't know whether that was an appeal to Southerners or whether she thought that was an appeal to black senators. Either way, if Donald Trump did it, it would be a story for days on M-S-N-B-C. It's so true. And I think one of the main differences between them is Kamala Harris is very, very much a chameleon. We don't really know much about her. She's been in the public eye for a very long time, but it's very hard to say who she is or what she is. Donald Trump is always 100% himself.


And I think that that authenticity is why he's been GA lot of support with young people who famously have a very strong BS meter and really don't like, you know, when people come off as fake. I will say, I think both of these candidates are incredible dancers. I would not be opposed to a little bit of a dance off at the next debate, but Trump, the thing that makes Trump Trump his moves are all he's, this is Trump. He's Got, but the thing about him is he's being himself. Right? Like even in his dancing, you can tell that he is not, he doesn't care what anybody thinks. He's being Donald Trump. Right? And Look, I am in a glasshouse. I can't dance at all. And, it, there's very, I I think that that's, that that contrast, right?


I mean, there's a lot of split screens going on here. The elites on the left taking a duly elected candidate, shoving him off the ticket and replacing him with somebody else, right? Versus Donald Trump sidelining the elites, right? The elites in his party wanted Nikki Haley, forget it. He blew her out of the water. The elites with the project 2025. He was like, this is not my thing. Right? Big split screen there. And whether you're speaking for and to the people or for, and to the elites. But I think this authenticity question, even If, you don't like Trump. You have to give him that, that he is very much himself all the time. He's never dishonest about where he is coming from. He's never dishonest about what he is planning to do or planning to say.


And I think that that compared to this kind of elite chameleonic, you know, factory settings, Democrat that we have in Kamala Harris is gonna play a big role in the election. Hannity, he used to say, Trump doesn't get in trouble because he lies, he gets in trouble. 'cause he tells the truth. Like that deposition where he got deposed in the Eugene Carroll case, and the woman, the lawyer is asking him about whether he said, you know, and when you're a celebrity, women will let you grab him by the P word. And Trump's like, yes, IDI said that because, you know, for thousands of years, that's been the way it is. You know, fortunately, or, or unfortunately, for no, unfortunately, or fortunately he said, he just says it, okay, I am gonna do something extraordinary now.


B I'm going to defend Kamala Harris on, on an attack that's been launched against her. She decided to have Megan Thee Stallion the stallion, appear at her event and sing a cleaned up version of one of her very well-known songs. Hold on a second, I've gotta get it in front of me 'cause I don't know these songs by heart. It's called Body. And I'll just play you a little bit of the cleaned up version that she sang. Curvy Curvy, Y-Y-Y-Y-Y-Y, If.


You get that gist. The actual lyrics to this song are body, crazy, curvy, wavy, big titties, little waist, little, little waste. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Nu num num numb. Eat it up. Foreplay. Okay. 3, 2, 1. All my bitches getting these N word through the quarantine. Yeah. They better know exactly what the f they come to do. Only she says the word. Yeah, yeah, yeah. That waste, that s them titties. Okay. And then took me home, did me long ate it with the panties on that very classy stuff. And I guess Kamala Harris saw this actual song and said, I need that at my rally.


I need that. That speaks to me. Did it, ate it with the panties on? Yes. I want it. So I, I can see why it's controversial would not have been my choice. I don't think it's particularly classy for the woman who asks us to make her the first female president to be presenting such a thing. However, it was just a couple of weeks ago, I was sitting in a Milwaukee and Donald Trump brought out my pal, Kid Rock, who I love, and he's saying a version of his great hit American badass. Remember this? Everybody get a fist up in the air. Now follow me.


Say, fight, fight, fight, fight, fight. Say fight, fight, fight your body. Scream. Okay, so I remember the reason, I know, well, I like Kid Rock, but I also know the lyrics to this song because I did an event one time, Badia and Abby, my assistant told me that they were insisting that I give them a song that I could walk out to. And I was like, I have no idea. Which, I mean, like, I love John Denver. I didn't feel like that would be appropriate nor what it's like. Anybody up. And she, Abby goes, what about Kid Rock's American Badass? I'm like, well, that's too self-congratulatory.


I'm not doing that. And then just for kicks, I went to look at what the lyrics are in that show. And I'm, I'm gonna give you a a a couple examples. I'm a porno lick. I'm like, amazing Grace, I'm gonna f some hose after I rock this place, Please. So it was a no, I, I decided against, It's Possible both sides need to think through more the messaging, You know, before they choose the entertainment team. Well, it goes On. I'll tell you, there's, I have to disagree with you, Megan, because you are definitely the original American badass that is like, no, no one can take that away from you.


You are, you have always been, and you've always been a hero for a lot of women myself, especially in that regard. So I think, aw, thank, that's almost totally appropriate on that, on that front, I, I couldn't even hear the lyrics of the Megan Thee Stallion song. But to me, what stood out was more the dancing, I guess, than the singing. And just this question of like, well, working is this family friendly? Right? Yeah, exactly. And you know, it, you know, we were talking about how the GOP is in its big tent era. And, and what does that mean when, when, you know, do you have enough self-esteem as a party to say, I'm okay catering to the people who maybe don't agree with me or share my tastes, right?


I I'm gonna protect this space so that the people who maybe live in more conservative religious communities could also enjoy this and celebrate this. Or am I gonna lean into the things that I think make my side more cool than the other side? Right? I think that's sort of mm, interesting. The big question at stake here. And that's kind of what, what was going through my mind when I was watching that? That's a good point. And, and I mean, kid Rock's performance at the RNC was completely clean. He changed the words entirely to celebrate Trump and did not limit its appeal in any way. By the way, just in case you're wondering, what I went with was Born Free by Kid Rock, which is a great song. That's good. And actually, to be honest, I wish he had sung it at Trump's RNC as well.


'cause it's, I think it's one of his best And. it just gives you all the feels. I like it even more. God, forgive me, a little blast beam here than Lee Greenwood's proud of Be an American. I, I love the song Born Free on 4th of July. Sometimes we'll take, we have a boat, we'll fly our flag, we'll go around. They have like a boat parade. We'll blast that song and just, you feel so good, you feel so patriotic. And I really hope we're feeling that way on November 5th of this year. bta, you're the best. Thank you so much for being here. Oh, You're the best. Thank you so much for having me, Megan. God bless you. Thank you for everything you do. Oh, you too, babe, to be continued. Okay. And up next, Dr. Drew is here. Plenty to go through with him. In fact, I think the first thing we should do is take a shot, a shot at figuring out what is wrong with Ariel Foer.


Why does she talk like that to the little babies, especially the white people in their corrections of Bipoc? That's next.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly. Megan Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast, and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply


The coronation of Kamala Harris's most prominent on social media, young Gen Z voters trying their hardest to mummify her. She's brat Vox declaring that the coconut piling of America has happening. No pilling, coconut pilling. Oh my God, that is just so cringey. I could barely say it. The coconut pilling of America. What the f Then there's those bizarre racially segregated zoom calls. What the hell is happening in our culture? Join me now, my pal, Dr. Drew Pinsky. He is the host of Ask, Dr Drew, and so much more. Dr. Drew, welcome back. Great to have you, Megan. It's always good to be here, boy. I mean, listen, I hope we can slog our way through this, but I am as astonished as anybody.


But two things. First, two things first, first, I'm putting on my listening ears, okay? Okay. Are you okay? Okay. Your bumps. So I'm, I'm putting on my listening ears like I, the young lady asked me to. But more importantly, I'm just so grateful that you didn't read those rap lyrics with me on the show. Something about you reading it to a young woman was different than If. you, an older male was sitting there. It would've been very uncomfortable. And thank you for not doing that. I'll tell you what my favorite dramatic reading of the past week has been. President Biden getting Off the Airplane and being asked about the house speaker's statement that his Supreme Court reforms are dead on arrival in response to which Joe Biden said he is dead on arrival. He said, what? What? And he said it again.


Yeah. Hey, dead on arrival. What does it mean? Yeah, help, it makes sense. Alright. I do wanna play you a little Ariel, and I'm gonna get your armchair diagnosis of what the hell is wrong with this woman? We're gonna Try, we're gonna try, As white women, we need to use our privilege to make positive changes. If, you find yourself talking over or speaking for bipoc individuals, or God forbid, correcting them. Just take a beat and instead we can put our listening ears on. So do learn from and amplify the voices of those who have been historically marginalized and use the privilege you have in order to push for systemic change.


As white people, we have a lot to learn and unlearn. So do check your blind spots. So there we are. Yes, sir. So, yeah. So a couple things. I I, it's funny, when she was treating me like a five-year-old, in that little video, I, I found myself thinking the, when, when my kids would talk to me in certain ways when they were five years old, I would always say, I can't hear you when you talk like that. That's how we would respond to them to try to adjust their speech. And that's the way I feel when this young lady talks to me. I, I literally can't, she, she's saying some legitimate things, but I, I can't hear it because of the way the No, But not word. What word was legitimate? None of that was legitimate. Well, I mean, it's, it's okay to look, to watch for your blind spots.


Okay, fine. If I, I'll watch my blind spots. I really, I make a pro practice of that. I, I like to do that, but I couldn't You don't Hear it coming through. You don't bipoc people. Do you have a rule against correcting any bipoc? No. I don't have a rule against that. But, but, but let me just say this one thing. There, there is my theme for the day as I thought about coming in here, is nobody should be telling other people how to live their life. That this is a country Based on freedom. And the fact that we have people preaching to us and telling us who we are and how we must live is disgusting. Now, the problem for me is that, listen, much of my career, Meghan, I was casting off the right who were telling me what I couldn't, couldn't talk about on the radio, for instance.


Yeah, that's true. And that came from If. you remember the moral majority and the religious right. The right has not yet shaken off that past the left. Still thinks that's who the right is. Presently, I receive no feedback from any beyond the right about what I should or shouldn't be saying. Other than good. You're fighting for freedom and the freedom to say whatever the hell you want. And the freedom for me, allowing anybody else to say whatever the hell they want. In the meantime, I've got people on the other side who I thought were liberal, telling me what I can say, where I can say it, how it can be said, and actively censoring me. And has been doing so since the debacle of covid that's been going on for quite some time now.


And we, we can't seem to reconcile these two worlds. And so we have the left telling us how to live ourselves, what to say, what not to say. We have the right saying, Hey, fight for freedom. You should be fighting for freedom. Yeah. In the past, maybe we did get a little too excessive with telling you what you should and shouldn't talk about. Sorry. Let's get onto freedom fighting. In the meantime, the, the women like this are manifesting these what's called passive aggressive. That's a passive aggressive posture. Mm. Yeah. She thinks she's being empathic and attuned and so thoughtful. But underneath it, you feel the seething aggression, which is, I'm telling you, don't do not interfere with those people. 'cause I know better And.


It's, it's, that's so Good. You're Right. And. it should disgust you. It should disgust you. There, there's a seething underneath this that is d It just makes you or makes you recoil. It's why I couldn't hear what she was saying. If she just said what she meant. Hey, everybody, here's what you to do. I think, you know, listen to me, even everyone listen to me. I mean, that's what Trump does all the time. Everyone should listen to me. I, I've got some ideas. Fine. I'm, I'm, I'm interested in ideas. I wanna hear what you have to say. But when you are preachy and you're passive aggressive, it's extremely unpleasant to receive. That is so true. That's why you receive it. Or you're like, I can't stand you. By the way, Boccia told us that we needed to see MK Ham's response to that bit. And we pulled a little bit of it for the audience.


Watch here. Uhoh. SpaghettiO. It seems like we've had a little misunderstanding. Mm. Sounds like some of you have some silly goose thoughts about race, segregated political meetings, catch a bubble. We do have special meetings for white women and white men. These people are gathering because they don't want to. Does anybody know? Because they don't want to be around people of other races. No, no, no. That is a super sad choice of how to characterize that They're gathering together because they don't want Republicans elected.


We have to fight white supremacy friends by joining white only groups of friends. Yeah, exactly right. It's fantastic. Nothing says I wanna be with Bipoc, like excluding them from my call. But, but back to the passive aggressive posture of the, the original video. Do you remember Mary Poppins singing to us about misinformation and disinformation? Do you remember that? That was the same thing, which remember, no, we had, we had a disinformation czar for five minutes. Oh, oh. And she was singing, I thought she meant the actual Mary Poppins, meaning No, no. She was singing me Nina Jenko witch. Yes. Yeah. She was putting everything to words of Supercalifragilistic or something like that.


I don't even remember what the song was, but it was something from Mary Poppins. And, and that was every, listen to me, you people B behind that was because If, you don't listen to me. We're gonna cancel your ass. We're gonna, we're gonna censor you. We're gonna talk to X Or at that time, Twitter And it. It really, I the only there, it's interesting. There, there is a feeling that is coming up on from the left a lot If, you, If you have any kind of feelings about what's being preached at you, which is disgusted. Disgusted is the feeling that I'm constantly triple played with. I was disgusted by how some of my profession behaved during covid. I was disgusted by the censorship. I'm disgusted about the passive aggressive preachiness.


And disgusted is a very powerful emotion. It makes us recoil. It makes us push away from things. And don't, don't avoid it. The disgust is telling you something. It's one of our most powerful indicators of something being wrong. If, you are disgusted. Listen to your brain and body when it's telling you something out there is disgusting. Because if it is, there is meaningful material there that you should be addressing or avoiding. Yes. Gosh, that makes so sense. It's just the same way that like, you know, there's sugar and peaches that made us want to eat them. Like there's nature has a way of tracking you to good things and repelling you from precisely things that are not good.


Precisely. Let's take a look at the men. We spent some time on the ladies, the white women for Kamala. Let's take a look at what the white dudes for Kamala were saying. And I'm so grateful every single day to the people in my life and Josh Grove in the marginalized communities that educate me every single day. Yes, Women's freedom is exhibit A after Donald Trump demolished the right to choose. But of course, men are also more free in a country where we have a president who stands up for things like access to abortion care. What a, what a variety of whiteness we have here. We got the dude, we got Pete. It's like a rainbow of, of beige.


Kamala is carrying on her shoulders. 248 years of pain, of agony, of hope, of frustration. I know that we have a lot of speakers. And afterward of course there's another zoom that I invite you all to called couches against Trump, better known as cats. And JD Vance is his mini, that's a pig remark. I even created my own cognitive test that describes the two of them. Sofa, dolphin, shark, cats convict. That's a pig remark. He's a pig. He continues to re repeat that smear of JD Vance, the guy, I'm not gonna repeat it again, but the guy who made up the smear of JD Vance with his alleged couch thing is admitting he's, there's interviews with him now online admitting he made the whole thing up just to troll people.


See if they would go with it. And they did. You've got the sitting governor of Illinois. This is the guy whose family's behind the trans push in all the schools trying to shove it down. Little boys' mouths that they might be girls if they like purple. That's him out there trying to perpetuate this smear against JD Vance, who's done nothing other than service country honorably as a marine, as a US Senator. And now as Trump's running mate, deeply wrong. Not to mention the celebration of men can be so free when their women can have abortions free to do what? Pete, go on. Right. And And it, it, this whole thing, it's, it really, I kind of was disappointed to see so many people that I really admire in this group getting so preachy and so sac and so frankly, I, if I had spoken to any of these individuals, let's say a week before, is that how you would've expressed yourself to me about who you are and what you're doing?


And this is all sort of grants. Look, the everybody's doing what's politically expedient right now. I mean, it is just, it's just this weird di I almost wanna call it dishonest or including the things like the hoaxes and the fact that we, the fact that we get swept into these things. So one theme for the day is people telling other people how to live their lives, not American. That is not something we should be doing in this country. You should, you should recoil against anybody who's telling you how to live your life. And unfortunately they're successfully painting the right as having done so with leaving the abortion issue to thus states. The really interesting question to any of them should be, Hey, if Trump gets into office, do you want him the federal government, him as president, deciding what you do with your body?


No, that's right. He doesn't want anything to do with telling you what to do with your body. He left it to the states. And so this business of doing whatever, you know, I say is, again, that should disgust you. But the other thing, the other phenomenon that is so pervasive right now and so very concerning to me is hysteria. And this is again, what I'm pointing at when I say these, these men that I admire would not have spoken like this a week ago, but they're swept into this political hysteria around the coronation of, of Kamala Harris. And you know, I, I've been reading a lot of history lately trying to understand our present moment. I mean, in the middle of Covid I had this crazy experience where a, a young male security guard just pressed out, was screaming at me at the entrance of the hospital where I've been an attending for almost 40 years.


Show me your papers. And I, and I just thought to myself, oh my God, this is how, this is how people became prison guards in Germany. This, this is it. I'm watching it happen. And it, I was reading some material from 1933 Germany and the word hysteria came up multiple times that the Germans were whipped into in hysteria. And I thought, God, I never thought about that period of history as being a hysteria. Also pre-revolutionary France hysteria, Russia, during the revolution, hysteria, hysterias are very dangerous. It's how we get whipped into mobs. And unfortunately we have these social media instruments now that encourage mob behavior. And the, the emotion and the focus on emotion that's flying around and these tendencies to fly from one direction to the other is strictly speaking hysterical.


And underneath that is something that we are all, I don't wanna say guilty of. We all have a piece of, in our development these days is narcissism. Narcissism makes us prone to hysterical excess and envy and empathic failure. What, what is it narcissism that makes a president who is deteriorating daily, who cannot have a meeting with a, with a foreign dignitary who cannot put two sentences together. Yeah. Stay in the office when while admitting yeah, he can't serve a second term For for sure. There's cluster B stuff there. We call that narcissistic disorder.


But there's another phenomenon that we are just in massive denial about in this country it's called, it's a, a term called ignia. It's a, it was coined to the early 20th, early 20th century by a man named Babinski. And it's something we know well in stroke patients, particularly when the stroke is in the right side of the brain, there is a denial of an inability to perceive left side of the body and left side of the world, but no awareness that the left side is missing. That's called ignia. Well, lo and behold, most brain and psychiatric conditions, when they become more severe, have some version of anosognosia.


We call it lack of insight. We call it denial. But underneath it, it's a biological process that blocks our ability to see what's happening to us. It's why families all over this country are dealing with aging parents getting together and maybe they're not trying to figure out how to get that person to relinquish power and get out of office. They're trying to figure out how to get the car keys away from grandpa. This is happening all over the place. But because grandpa doesn't see what's happening to him, he keeps driving and God forbid he kills somebody or kills somebody else. but that happens a lot of the time now because it's extremely difficult for people to break through this phenomenon.


It's why people end up on the streets. They have anti agnosia because they can't see what is happening to them as a result of their mental illness and drug use. But Parkinsonism, various dementias, just aging, having had brain surgery, you know, president Biden's had two brain surgeries can set you up for these sorts of conditions associated with Anosognosia later. So he literally, when you, when he, when he blurts out things that, like you said, you know, I forget what it was you quoted him about Coming in. He's Yeah, he's, he, he has no awareness that that's not coming out in a way that he means it to come out and, or that he is impaired in any way. This is anagnos. It is a feature.


It's not a, it's not a problem associated with, it is a feature of these conditions. When you were talking, it reminded me of my favorite bumper sticker, which reads, I wanna die quietly in my sleep. Like my grandpa not kicking and screaming like the passengers in his car, kind of our president right now. It's, but yeah, but Alyssa, yeah, And. it brings up a second point too, which is, hey listen, we're, we're here trying to decide whether somebody is sufficiently impaired that they shouldn't have access to car keys. Shouldn't we have a little higher standard for leader of the free world? I, I shouldn't I, I mean the fact that we're having this conversation about being functional versus able to lead the free world, which should be a different standard.


It should be too different then like the war escalating in the drive a Car can now, Dr. Drew, you know, say that Megan, we've got Iran openly, we got the war escalating in the Middle East right now with Iran openly threatening us in Israel. Our ally, we've got, you know, we've got Hezbollah and Israel in that dispute, amping up. It would be nice to have a commander in chief we understood, was truly in command. We don't, I never did got your take on this. Do you, do you think, I realize you can't diagnose somebody you haven't evaluated, but from what you've seen do, do you think this is a Parkinson's situation? 'cause you know, the White House of course kept saying, no, no, no, no, no. But we Don't trust them. Right? So, so here's, here's how we teach medical students about Parkinsonism. We show them videos of people with Parkinsonian features.


And you could easily show President Biden's video as an example of these Parkinsonian phenomenon. Okay? Parkinsonism different than Parkinson's disease. Parkinson's disease obviously caused Parkinsonism. But many things cause Parkinsonism, in his case, it's freezing. You see him, he always freezes with his hands up here. It's more to motor toric slowing it's waxing or mask like faces. He has difficulty showing expression on his faces. It's narrow, fascinating gait. He has all of this. That, that's just a fact. He has Parkinsonism. He has Parkinsonian features.


The only thing we don't know, and no way I can diagnose is what is causing it. Now, when a physician sees Parkinsonism, he or she lo runs through a list of possible causes in our head. So in this case could be Parkinson's disease, could be his previous neurosurgeries, which he's had two for aneurysm. Could be something more serious like Alzheimer's or Lewy body dementia could be vascular, dementia could be something obscure. Though we have mean we've not really thought of. Or it could be medication reactions. Even sometimes medicines can cause Parkinsonism. But to say that he doesn't have Parkinsonism is simply factually false. So when we hear that this Parkinsonian expert went to the White House and didn't see the, the patient didn't see the president, my question is not, did he see the PA patient?


Why the hell not? What are you doing? Did you have a Parkinsonian leader? And you don't let him see an expert in the condition he has? What is wrong with you? And what is wrong with the press in the press pool for not going, why didn't he see somebody? It's obvious to anyone watching what these things are. You're telling me you're refusing to allow this man to get treatment. Now one fear I have is sometimes the medicines for parkinsonisms can in effect cognition. And I'm wondering if they're struggling when they're try to think about treating him with, oh geez, can we use these medications sufficiently to relieve some of his symptoms? And you do see his facial expressions start to come on sometimes, which suggests that he is taking one something Mirapex or cinemet or something.


And it it, but it can affect cognition and judgment. Wow. So you might not wanna give your candidate that before a debate as opposed to precisely before precise before a teleprompter speech. Precise. Precisely just breath. Precisely that Precise. But the other, you actually have to use the wheels. Mm, Exactly. Right. And I think that's what happened. I think that's, and and by the way, another feature of Parkinsonism is hypophonia, where they can't create their voice and they can't create volume in their voice and, and mumbling. That's part of it too. It's all Parkinsonism. Now may or may not be Parkinson's disease. I, I don't know. I I have not evaluated him. I don't know what's going on. But any video, any, if any, if any second year medical student could not identify this as Parkinsonism as I saw one neurologist on C tv say the other day, that medical student would be remediated immediately.


Yeah. 'cause that's, that's a fail. And so it's, it's that simple. Now the causations is A whole of the problem on nbc. Yeah. Alright. Now this is not about medical di by the way, that just f yi for listeners at home, the man we're talking about is still the sitting president of the United States. It's FYI, we still have no idea what's wrong with him. Whether he's in command war appears to be escalating in the Middle East. Don't know who the commander in chief is. Secondly, Kamala Harris running to be commander in chief. This we know. And I, it occurred to me since you're so good at understanding Yes. Obviously medicine 'cause you're an md, but also just people, could you explain to me why she, up until eight days ago was infamous for answers like this? What is she doing in these word salad answers?


I am meeting with a lot of folks and the work that we have begun is the work that is gonna be ongoing. There is no question, and I said this from the very beginning, that our approach to this issue has to be with a commitment to a long term investment. And, it has to be a commitment to consistency. The United States has to be consistent. There were times when we were more engaged and we saw good results, less engaged. And, and we can see where, where the work and the partnerships then deteriorate. So I am committed to ensuring that we engage in an active way on the root causes, on addressing the cause and effect, and also being partners in the Western hemisphere, understanding that we have a responsibility.


And if we ignore that responsibility, it will visit itself upon us in a very domestic way. Help me, Dr. Drew. Megan, I'm so sorry. I I am as bewildered as you are by this. I, all I know is that she is not a good public speaker extemporaneously. That is for sure. And you could see her that she can't, she's not a good, well, listen, I, I don't know her, but the thinking is not good. The, the, the thoughts are going from one thing to the next And. it may all just be because anxiety, because she doesn't know how to speak extemporaneously. She better learn. She, it's weird because she does seem to sort of do better on the debate stage.


And she certainly is interesting when she's interviewing another person. But, but when it's, when it's, I trying to express an idea, it it is. Wow. It's just, I don't know what that is. And thi this is the extraordinary phenomenon of Kamala Harris, which is five minutes ago. That was her with the cackling laughter. She was sort of a, a joke. And then the media campaign and the propaganda kicked in. And I, I am gravely concerned about propaganda in this country. Yes. The fact that we used to have anti propaganda laws and that we undid all that is very concerning and we need to really look at that. But the propaganda machine kicked in and all of a sudden she is the messiah. She's, she's the, she's Cleopatra and, and maybe the one, maybe we were wrong about her, I don't know.


But I don't know that this is right. It all seems disingenuous. And I, it's, I spent a lot of my day just going, I just don't know what is going on. I I don't believe anything in the press anything. I'm sorry I, the mainstream media, I just, I have no idea of. What they're telling me is any shouldn't connection to reality whatsoever. Shouldn't you shouldn't, can I tell you, when I listen to her, she reminds me of the way you feel when you have low blood sugar and you just kind, you kind of ramble and you don't land your point. You're kinda like, Well, what I say it's why people Yeah. Because your brain isn't working right. In that, in that circumstance. And that's why people have speculated my be there. Was there a substance here? How do we understand what this was?


I mean, it's, it seems so hard to understand how somebody who is a high functioning individual, an attorney general, a you know, a, a prosecutor. How, how, how is this the same person? And, and I, I gotta admit, I I I feel that way too. And I, my go ahead. You tell me. I was just gonna say, it's very clear. I mean like, look, people wanna say it's a sexist attack on her. It's a fact that she slept her way into San Francisco politics with Willie Brown. And he was 30 years her senior. And he certainly did pave her way into her two paid positions where she made bank and then helped her win as San Francisco da. And I'm sure it didn't hurt even in that race that she was black and she was a woman in California and then got elevated by the same machine to the position of Attorney General and then got elevated by the same machine.


Yeah. California, which values this DEI thing greatly to us Senator. And then Joe Biden explicitly said, I'm gonna pick a black woman. That's how he got the nomination by promising Jim car. And he would do that. She got elevated once again to a position that, let's face it, doesn't generally require that much. And now here she is telling us that she's qualified to be leader of the free world. Yeah. And the medals not, it's not meeting the Roads. So, so think about it this way. So, so you should, at the Willie Brown thing, you should at least everybody should at least raising one eyebrow like, huh, what what was that? But I think what that all is, is evidence of how much of a political animal Kamala Harris is. She is truly a political animal. And as such, and there, there are lots of political animals in politics, right?


They're in Washington, they're all over the place that, that's how people, I guess do this today. But the thing that I find interesting is it seems like the, the democratic leadership likes having people in these positions of authority that don't clearly have positions of their own that they can sort of dictate to. I I, I feel the same way about Biden too. Like who is actually in charge? Who is actually filling his head with these thoughts? Where is this coming from? This is very different than the man we heard from 10 years ago, certainly, or even five years ago. And I have a feeling Kamala Harris may be the same way. So whatever she is coached into may not be her own personal values and thoughts.


Now, the problem is, once she gets in power, are we now gonna see this far left individual that she has been much of her career? And is she gonna start inserting that? And that's the question. That's who she really is. And then we're gonna get people like Ariel trying to lecture us if we actually question the sitting president of the United States because she happens to be a bipoc. So we're not allowed to say anything. Interesting. I wanna ask you quickly, 'cause you mentioned censorship, and it's been pretty nuts how now it's come out that Facebook Meta had been censoring accurate pictures of the Trump assassination attempt. Yeah. They say it was because, oh, there had been one that was fake and then we just sort of, the algorithm got the ones that were real and censored it.


Yeah. At the same time, Molly Hemingway of the Federalist was showing this online If, you Trump If, you type in on Google search Trump or, or, you know, assassination of Xi r It still doesn't bring up Donald Trump. You know how usually it anticipates what you're gonna say? No, she couldn't get it to say anything about Donald Trump, the Google ai. Same problem. It's not So, it's a form of censorship. It's like they're trying to memory hold a Trump assassination attempt because it makes him look fairly heroic. Yeah, yeah. Oh, there's no doubt about it. And Elon Musk has been retweeting a lot of the examples because he, and just, just with the word wow attached to it. Like, look at this, my goodness.


And what, of course they're censoring. I, I'm sure you get censored on Facebook. I get censored on Facebook. You, we get, you get downgraded, you get, you have difficulty putting your material on there. There is just, it's just no doubt that, that certain platforms reserve the right to censor as they wish. Now they have said that what they're going for is no political violence. Well, all the other forms of political violence are showing up there, except that one. And by the way, when did everybody become, as soon as everybody became an expert on hydroxychloroquine and ivermectin words, they just learned how to pronounce, they also became experts on how to dress an ear wound. Experts, everybody knows exactly how to dress an ear wound. The reality is, when I dress an ear wound in the er, I wrap the thing around their head, the gauze around the head.


And I bet he resisted that. I bet they tried to do that to him or had it for a while, and he took that off or resisted it. So those experts that said there was too big a bandage, oh, okay, fine. Next time you're in the er, tell me how you address a, a pin a wound. Same like, like, like a cartoon character. That's how I would've expected it to be right around you. That's how it bloody spot on the side. That's how it, That's how she, and By the way, like, like they'd ever censor it. If god forbid there was an assassination attempt on, let God forbid Kamala Harris, that would come right up. That would be something they'd wanna promote. You know, she'd look badass. It's just so sick. W the only way to fight for now is to speak out and remind people Do fight for freedom. For, I never think I'd be a freedom fighter in my life Here. I'm late in my career. That has become the priority in my life.


It should be everyone's concern. No one on should be telling you what to say or how to live. Right on. Thank you for being here back tomorrow with Charlie Kirk. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And, no fear.