
Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New. East Hey, everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the me Kelly Show. Kamala lost because of Kamala. That is the subject of today's show. You know I really thought that someone on the left would write this. I've been saying this the true story of how Kamala Harris lost the presidential race. I thought that they would be so angry with her for losing to Trump that they would be clamoring to write the in depth piece and how she blew it.


You know, like journalists silly me. I thought we'd get to read all the juicy details about how this well-known bully who lost 92% of her staff as vice president because no one could stand working for her, was impossible to manage, wouldn't take advice, couldn't execute prepared strategies, was too paralyzed with fear to make decisions except for the big one that she did make, which was to pick Tim Walls as her running mate, which turned out to be an absolute disaster. But so far nothing, it's really been only a couple of lame pieces and none have really gone in depth behind the scenes. Maybe it'll still happen, but truly what's happened so far is it's been mostly she lost because of racism and sexism and maybe because of Joe Biden, we are being spoonfed a bunch of nonsense.


Oh, what a change about how Kamala Harris hit all of her marks. I mean, you can't be mad at her. She hit all of her marks. These are lies. Maybe it's just easier for them to blame Joe Biden. He's the white guy who stayed too long and was far too infirm. I guess he's not going on Rush Mount Rushmore anymore. I gotta remember Nancy Pelosi. No. So it's a no. Or maybe it is because this is the Democrat party and you don't blame problems on black women, period. It doesn't matter how terribly they have behaved. I give you Donna Brazil, who cheated on a presidential debate and now is head not one, but two contractor or contributor deals with network news Fox and now A B, C.


It's unbelievable. Sure some white man would have the same deal, right? The way Joy Reid has survived, despite the anti-gay slurs all over her blog, her lies about how she'd been hacked and the FBI was investigating so weird how that never went anywhere. And now years of open abject hatred of whites, they're fine with that. I don't know exactly the reasons why they're not doing it or whether they will do it. I still, I mean like I'm still an optimist at heart, I guess. But look, before we close this chapter in presidential history and say S Kamala, I decided we need to take an honest look back.


So here goes from the start. It was very important that we get her name right Is understandable. Disrespect is not. What are you here to do To teach you how to say your auntie's name? Okay, so how do you pronounce it? First you say comma, like a common sentence. Then you say, la, la, la, la, la, la. Put it together and it's 1, 2, 3, comma comm.


Oh my God, is inflation lower yet these devoted portions of the Democratic national convention to this. And then if you did not get her name right after you'd received the lesson, you were racist. Just ask Nancy Mace, When you disrespect Kamala Harris by saying you will call her whatever you want. I know you don't intend it to be that way. That's the history and legacy of white disregard for the humanity of black people. Oh, so now you're calling me racist. I didn't say, I just said you weren't a racist. Yes, that is completely yes. You don't have to intend racism to no your name, right, And Kamala Harris Kamala Kamala you. When I called you Nancy, What I want Kamala, you're doing this Congress disrespectful.


Just a, Okay. Helpful articles were written explaining that mispronouncing someone's name is a microaggression, an effort to disparage them. A disrespect rooted in the racist tradition of othering black people in subtle but meaningful ways, even though it's routinely done to white people as well. Like Matt Gaetz and Demi Moore. Ralph finds Steve Bini. Here's MSNBC's Nicole Wallace this week pretending while on air not to know how to pronounce or even spell that pesky Pete Seth's name Or the Fox weekend weekend guy whose name?


Someone Weiss. His name Tom He what? Pete HEGs Hegg. Can I get a spelling? H-E-G-S-E-T-H. She's such a faker. She's such a faker. God. She's an authentic, but yeah, look, here's the kicker. Even. Well-known Democrats pronounced Kamala Harris's name wrong. Kamala Harris spoke to me that day, Our leader Kamala, and asked them, how can I help you Kamala? We need Kamala Harris, the president, oh God of joy to lead us.


Kamala said, we're, we're all closely monitoring the storm. Kamala, Kamala, Al Sharpton, bill Clinton, Joe Biden. I guess they didn't get the memo 'cause they weren't there when the little girls talked about their auntie. They're racist too. Or is it just Ma Nancy Mace because she's a Republican. So in any event, that's how things kicked off. Everyone is racist. Racist from mispronouncing her name except for all the Democrats who can't pronounce her name either. But you're not supposed to notice that knowing that she has an unattractive personality. Kamala Harris's team tried hard to rebrand her when she first launched as not painful, but as brat.


The meaning of which nobody knows Charlie X, C, X, who I do know, quote brat. You are just that girl who is a little messy and likes to party and maybe says some dumb things some times. Very cool. I'm sure that messenger really communicated to the young folks when she told them she is brat. So the message for voters is she's not awkward, she's not offput. She might be dumb, but she's actually the cool wine aunt you'll love to hang with at Thanksgiving, absolutely perfect for the presidency.


Everything about her had to be made over. You see, because the public spent four years watching her and had come to deeply dislike this woman in June, 2024, this past June, a majority of Americans had an unfavorable view of her for over 40%. It was very unfavorable. The most important rebrand to start with her re makeover the cackle God.


Wow. Okay, I can first, that's a Lot. That's a lot. It's not a cackle. They told us it's joy. This joy this, this campaign of infectious and dynamic joy. Tear these two very positive, joyful, energetic people down, embrace the joy, which you see them doing. There's a lot of joy, a lot of optimism out of the box. Yeah, the vice president has spoken to this eloquently with great joy, great enthusiasm and joy I think is a great word because you can see this in, in Tim Walton this Week four Democrats has been this, not to overuse this word, such a joyful one.


And just in case you weren't convinced and you actually think she does cackle, her cackle iss amazing. It, it's, it's amazing. And it's just being weaponized against her. Your pollinated Republicans have at times weaponized you laughing. And what do you make of of Republicans U Using that as a way to suggest that you're not a serious candidate. There Are sometimes when your adversaries will try and turn your strength into a weakness, don't you? Lock them, Get off. Kamala, Harris's dick about her laugh. And number two, get rigorously honest with yourself and go get some therapy and talk about how clearly you have such a hard time wrapping your head around the idea of a smart, successful self-made, confident woman who is able to easily and frequently find and express joy Tale of two tickets.


One radiates joy, the other is dour and frankly frightening. And this is how You know The Republicans are freaking out about it. Vice President Kamala Harris is criticized for her race, gender, and parental status, but also for laughing as if an infectious, energizing belly laugh. The lip roll display of joy is a bad thing. Infectious and energizing whole think pieces were written like this one from the Atlantic entitled Kamala Harris. And the threat of a woman's laugh, which told readers, Trump doesn't really laugh, he smirks, he bears his teeth, silently bears his teeth.


I say he's a rabid dog. You see Kamala according to the Atlantic. Well, her laugh is wholesome, it's honest, it's human. In fact, they write quote, criticism of emotional expression has long been a weapon of choice for those wanting to cut down women in political power. Criticism of her. Her laugh is weaponization. They say Trump you see is rabid with bare teeth. Kamala is wholesome and disagreement means you are just threatened by an honest woman in some she does not cackle. She is joyful and also wholesome and honest and human.


And your sexist we're off to a banger start at first she was tightly controlled. Obviously there would be no interviews, but some big decisions were required before the Democratic National Convention, like deciding who would step into her shoes if she were incapacitated as president. She later explained on that one. She went on instinct. What's the last time you had to make a gut decision? This year is very prescribed. It's very controlled. Yeah. Probably the biggest gut decision I've made most recently is to choose my running mate. Yeah.


Yeah. So what did her, her gut get us? You are a dancing queen queen. Nicely done. Debbie Murphy. Let's be honest. He looked a little familiar.


Come on down. Yeah. Fall on down. The listening audience knows, but that was clips from the price is Right. Or maybe it wasn't. The price is right. Maybe it was this Chris Barley.


It was a little bit awkward, but maybe it was just his physicality. You know, like the jerky herky motions that but may maybe, maybe the guy was a really effective orator. Look, I, I will be the first to tell you I have poured my heart into my community. I've tried to do the best I can, but I've not been perfect and I'm a knucklehead at times. But it's always been about that. Oh, I, well, not the best message for your VP choice, but okay. It promptly came out that Tim Walls was a radical leftist. The man who was supposed to win over Midwestern working class men for Kamala had mandated tampons in the boys' bathrooms and made his state a sanctuary for underage kids.


Claiming to be another gender who wanted to castrate and sterilize themselves a story so extreme that many did not believe it, but it was true. Turns out the insult walls hurled at Republicans that caught Kamala Harris's attention in the first place and led to her making him her VP running mate was no more than a mere projection. These are, these are weird people on the other side. They wanna take books away. They want to be in your exam room. That's, that's what it comes down to. And don't You know, get sugarcoating this. These are weird ideas. Listen to them speak, listen now. They talk about things. Listen to how your previous guests were. Right? Like you said, they've told them that they shouldn't talk about race. They can't help it.


It is built into their DNA because there is no plan. Hmm. Tim Walls also lied a lot, a couple dozen times at least about his inflated military rank. He was not a retired command sergeant major where he served in combat. He did not serve in Iraq or Afghanistan as he led people to believe, lied about in what context he served. It was not in combat as he later claimed and about many, many other things. We hosted some of the National Guard members who served with Tim Waltz And And I just called him a deserter also because he left his post, he left his duty station and he walked off into the sunset. I say slithered a lot of times that he, that he slithered out of the armory.


But he walked into the sunset, never turned around, never had any intention of ever coming back to the military. He was he, he was gone. And because I've got better things to do. I mean, what would you like to see him do? Apologize, apologize. Hmm. Didn't happen. He lied about being a head coach, which he wasn't using IVF, which he didn't receiving a commendation from the Chamber of Commerce, which he didn't being in China when the Tiananmen Square massacre took place, which he wasn't, his son was witnessing a mass shooting, which he didn't. And much, much more. It was clearly a problem. And pretty soon we stopped seeing much of Tim Walls on the campaign trail whose daughter, by the way, has thoughts on the election.


I've like officially reached a point of anger and I'm not an angry person, so I'm just trying to channel it. The first one being, this country does not deserve Kamala Harris. That's true. That woman should go live her best life wherever she wants, doing whatever she wants because we don't deserve her at this point. The only people that delivered this election were black women and we failed them. And it's just heartbreaking. And we've gotta do whatever we can to support them and support our people through these next four years. These people have to live in their own skin, as in j JD Vance and Donald Trump have to be JD Vance and Donald Trump. And that is not a punishment I would wish upon anybody except those two individuals.


Yeah. So I'm just really grateful that I am who I am and that I'm on the side of love and hope and joy and progress. Oh, nice. I mean, I think it's fair to say the joy is gone. It's gone. We've kind of changed our messaging, but You know what good luck to you in your future endeavors. So the Kamala campaign at this point in our story had tried brat and joy and kept her mostly under wraps, putting her out only in highly controlled scripted settings like the Democratic National Convention or at rallies with the teleprompter. But there was still the matter of her radical policy statements from 2019 when she first ran for president.


She wanted to ban fracking to eliminate private health insurance, to ban meat, to ban gas cars, to ban and confiscate guns. She wanted to mandate taxpayer funded sex change procedures for prisoners and illegals. She thought the wall was a stupid vanity project. She was open to reparations. My God, where to begin with the cleanup. Fracking that's as good a place as any Pennsylvania is a must win state and they love fracking. So reversing that position is a no-brainer. Soon we received unsigned paper statements from Rando campaign spokespeople saying Kamala disavowed her position on fracking. Oh. And also on banning private health insurance fracking ban.


Who ever heard of a fracking ban? There's no question. I'm in favor of banning fracking. So yeah. Oh wait, What? Do not believe you're lying ears. Unnamed spokesperson claimed it's not. So getting rid of private health insurance. What kind of a nutcase would ever propose that? To reiterate, you support the Medicare for All bill. I think initially Co. Co-sponsored by Senator Bernie Sanders. You're also a co-sponsor on onto it. I believe it will totally eliminate private insurance. So for people out there who like their insurance, what they don't get to keep it. Well listen, the idea is that everyone gets access to medical care and you don't have to go through the process of going through an insurance company, having them give you approval, going through the paperwork.


All of the delay that may require who of us have has not had that situation where you gotta wait for approval and the doctor says, well, I don't know if your, your insurance company is gonna cover this. Let's eliminate all of that. Let's move on. Yeah, that's worked out beautifully for our friends up north in the evil top hat Canada. She's over it, trust me, said rando spokesperson via paper statement. Other positions were not expressly reversed, but her language around them became very, very different. Gun bans and mandatory gun buyback programs. Oh hell no. Reinvented Kamala is a two a NRA gun totten kind of gal.


She's the Dana Lash of Canada. She's Serco. You wanna ish. Okay. Have a night with you. Come on. Okay. Do you wanna play? Okay. Say hello to my little friend. Do you wanna play Ross? Okay, go. Okay. Jolanda, That wasn't Al Pacino. That was the reinvented Kamala Harris on cops and immigration. She also sounded very, very different from 2019 Kamala Kamala didn't really bail rioters outta Minnesota prisons.


Yeah, she did. And she wasn't really soft on the border or on ice. Yeah, she was. In fact, she was the only candidate in this race that has prosecuted transnational gangs and criminals in a border state. In other words, ain't gonna be no board of trouble in this here town. Little Missy Sheriff Kamala Harris had arrived. Well, here's my word. Get the hell off my spread now. Get down off them horses I don't favor. Looking up to the likes of you. If you say three Mr. You'll never hear the man. Count 10 every time you turn around, expect to see me. There's one time you'll turn around and I'll be there.


You stand, anything goes wrong. Anything at all. Your fault. My fault. Nobody's fault. It don't matter. I'm gonna blow your head off. It's like looking in the mirror for Kamala. So some radical positions either reversed on paper by the rando nameless spokesperson or seemingly disavowed by new messaging. And boom, we're off to the races done. Now it was time for an interview. Took about a month for her to finally do it. And the lucky recipient, CNN's Dana Bash, by the way, that's another person whose name gets mispronounced and it's not racist. Big opportunity.


Big lots to discuss. CNN's ratings are in the toilet. So this is a chance to show everyone you're not actually in the tank for Team Blue. Do your thing. You're a serious journalist who will hit Kamala Harris just as hard as you did. JD Vance, who you've had on your show many times and you continuously, routinely go round and round with him. You're tough. Let's go Dana. So she gets Kamala Harris there next to her emotional support Governor Tim Wal and Dana Bash does the thing. She asks about the all important fracking reversal. This is gonna be the first time we're gonna hear her explain it on camera and directly as opposed through the rando.


This is exciting. When you were in Congress, you supported the Green New Deal. And in 2019 you said quote, there is no question I'm in favor of banning fracking. Fracking as You know, is a pretty big issue, particularly in your must win state of Pennsylvania. Sure. Do you still want to ban fracking? No. And I made that clear on the debate stage in 2020 that I would not ban fracking as vice president. I did not ban fracking as president. I will not ban fracking. Wait, what? No. In 2020 she participated in a vice presidential debate against Mike Pence and said Joe Biden, who is at the top of her ticket, would not ban fracking.


Surely You know that Dana Bash, surely you've done your homework since this is a very big interview. Her first as the nominee and you studied her earlier statements on fracking a subject you have chosen to raise and You know that other paper statement through the Rando spokesperson is all we've gotten, that she's never disavowed anything directly. And this is our chance to find out all about it. Let's check in and see whether she was cross-examined, held to account, and how things actually went between them from there. How much we really care.


I hear your voice inside me. I see your face. Yeah. Alright, let's go. Yes, that's, that's exactly how it looked. The genders were a little off, but that's exactly what we saw. A full on love fest between the two of them. Okay, but look, these attempted disavows of her earlier positions on paper or by theatrical performances were not enough to win a presidential race.


She was gonna need some affirmative policies. She tried one, she would stop price gouging at the grocery stores. This was the way to fight inflation. Yes. Sheriff Kamala would now police the Piggly Wiggly and make sure then their prices were to her liking. That sounded exciting. Sounded promising until the Washington Post, the paper of record for the left called it Communist. Not great. But there was more a sexy new proposal designed to lure in those Las Vegas Nevada service workers And eliminate taxes on tips for service and hospitality workers.


So good. But also kind of familiar four months earlier, Hotel workers and people that get tips, you're gonna be very happy because when I get to office, we are going to not charge taxes on tips. People making tips. Oh, that's embarrassing. Okay. So after Dana Bash, she sits down with Stephanie Rule of M-S-N-B-C. Many people wondered why Stephanie rule this was not like the go-to choice for most people looking to ascend to prominence. And then it quickly became clear as this soundbite emerged from the week prior, I just said, I'm not gonna vote for Her, is not running for perfect.


She's running against Trump. We have two choices. And so there are some things you might not know her answer to. And in 2024, unlike 2016, for a lot of the American people, we know exactly what Trump will do, who he is, and the kind of threat he is to democracy. I Problem that a lot of people have with Kamala is we dunno her answer to anything. Okay. And. I. But You Know his answer to everything. And. I Think that's And. I don't think it's a lot to ask her to sit down for a real interview as opposed to a piece in which she describes like her, her feelings of growing up in opening with nice longs. Then I would just say to that, when you move to Nirvana, give me your real estate broker's number and I'll be your next door neighbor.


We don't live there. Oh, makes sense. Rule used her time with Kamala Harris wisely. A few pressing questions on Harris's economic plans. And then Have you served to all beef patties, special sauce, lettuce, cheese, pickles, onions with a ses, one on a sesame seed bun working outta McDonald's, yes or no? That's it. I have Okay. Your media, America, everything Kamala said seemed tightly scripted or painfully stilted. When reporters shouted questions to her that would've required an off the cuff response. She sounded like a Stepford wife programmed and empty.


How are you feeling About Pennsylvania? I am feeling very good about Pennsylvania because there are a lot of people in Pennsylvania who deserve to be seen and heard. Oh my God, why couldn't she just answer questions or ad-lib a thought, interact with voters. Oh wait, we know why. We had had four years with Kamala Harris Kamala. So Ukraine is a country in Europe. It exists next to another country called Russia. Russia is a bigger country. Russia is a powerful country.


Russia decided to invade a smaller country called Ukraine. So basically that's wrong. I have a particular fondness, I must tell you, for electric school buses. I love electric school buses. I was proud to introduce the first piece of legislation to electrify our nation's fleet of school buses. I'm excited about electric school buses. I love electric school. Buses. Buses. I just love them. Venn diagrams, those three circles, right? And then let's just see where they overlap. You will not be surprised. 'cause I have constructed a Venn diagram on this. Remember those three circles, how they overlap? I love Venn diagrams. So I can imagine what can be and be unburdened by what has been, Oh God You, Know what can be unburdened by what has been, what can be unburdened by what has been, what can be unburdened by what has been, Oh, it's like so relieved.


She's not gonna be in that office for four years. Okay. Anyway, so here you've gotta hand it to Kamala. When she became the nominee, the woman was obviously given, or dare I say, came up with her own lines. And man, did she get her new beloved lines down Pat. I know to be the spirit and character of the American people. We have ambition, we have aspirations, we have dreams. I believe in the ambition, the aspirations, the dreams of the American people. So my plan is to build what I call an opportunity economy, which means giving people an opportunity to actually achieve those ambitions, those goals, and those dreams.


Oh god. And it's a future where we build what I call an opportunity economy, where America has an opportunity to do for our people what we know is part of our ambition, our dreams, our aspirations. I will always put the middle class and working families first. I come from the middle class, I come the middle class. I know what I'm talking about. The Nature of democracy is, is it's there. There are two sides to it in terms of the nature of it. There's a duality, there's a duality. Duality to the nature of democracy When it's intact. Oh, it's so strong And.


it is very fragile. Okay? The problem is pre-rehearsed lines may help you through a debate. And they did so do the A, b, c moderators, but sometimes they're not enough. Every once in a while you're gonna have to be subjected to a question that you have not anticipated with rote lines ready to be unleashed. And these moments for Kamala Harris were unmitigated disasters. Like what happened on the view. Well, if, if anything, which you have done something differently than President Biden during the past four years, There is not a thing that comes to mind in terms of, and I've been a part of, of, of most of the decisions that have had impact Despite all their planning, their message control, their attempts over and over to hide her weaknesses, like her stupidity and inability to think in the moment, the act was ultimately doomed to fail.


It's like the scene in ice castles where the champion ice skater, Lexi goes blind and she doesn't want anyone to know. So Robbie Benson, who plays her boyfriend and coach childhood crush, trains her to skate despite her blindness. And they come up with tricks so no one will be able to tell. And she does it. She nails the routine, no one knows her secret. And then We forgot about the flowers.


Forgot about the flowers. That was Kamala. And her team, when Sonny Hostin tried to throw flowers at her on the view, and instead they wound up tripping her, just like Lexi, Stephen Colbert too threw his bouquet of roses at her. And here you can actually see Kamala Harris glitch. Polling shows that a lot of people, especially independent voters, really want this to be a change election and that they tend to break for you in terms of thinking about change, you, you are a member of president administration under a Harris administration. What would the major changes be and what would stay the same? Sure.


Well, I mean, I'm obviously not Joe Biden. I know, and so that would be one change in terms of yes, but also it, I think it's important to say with You know 28 days to go, I'm not Donald Trump. And, and so when we think about the significance of what this next generation of leadership looks like, where I to be elected president, it is about, frankly, IIII love the American people Fair And I, I believe in our country. I, I I love that it is our character in nature to be an ambitious What would change? People You know. We, we have aspirations.


We have dreams. Oh my God. We are, we, we have incredible work ethic. And, and And I just believe that we can create and, and build upon the success we've achieved in a way that we continue to grow opportunity and in that way, grow the strength of our nation. Oh my God. They tried to defraud us into thinking this woman could be president. Look at that soundbite. The question was what will change and what will stay the same? They, they forgot to prep her for this most basic question, and so she did something catastrophic on the view.


She answered it. Honestly, I have no new ideas. I have no plan. Welcome to the new boss. Same as the old boss. She's amazing. Thank God we dodged this bullet. The questions started getting harder as she ventured onto 60 Minutes. Fox News and a town hall with CNN risky moves chosen because very clearly her internal polling was showing her losing and she had to do something. Each of these interviewers zeroed in on our disastrous border asking while John Wayne there did nothing to fix it.


Notwithstanding her status prosecuting transnational gangs in a border state nearly four years in office, absolutely nothing. She would say that she supported that crappy border bill that came very late in their term. But when pressed on why she did nothing for three plus years, we got DRL like this. Some voters though might ask, you've been in the White House for, for four years, you were vice president, not the president, but why wasn't any of that done for the last four years? Well, there was a lot that was done, but there's more to do Anderson, and, and I'm pointing out things that need to be done that haven't been done, but need to be done.


Look, is there a better Kamala Harris soundbite that sums up the problems of her candidacy? Like I'm, I'm waiting is there, you can email me Megan, at megan kelly.com. Like you got, you got a candidate. I I put that up against anything. It became very clear this woman did not have policies, did not have a plan, a message, or any charm for voters to connect to that she knew neither what to say, nor in which accent to say it Have You know empathy man. Yes. You know for the, the suffering of other people.


Have you no sense of purpose. You better thank a union member for sick leave. You better Thank a union member for paid leave. You better. Thank a union member for vacation time. You all helped us win in 2020 and we gonna do it again in 2024. Hello to all my Divine nine brothers and sisters, And I Sorrow. This is a margin of era race. It's tight. I'm gonna win. I'm gonna win. But it's tight. Weeping may endure for a night, but joy cometh in the morning.


The path may seem hard, the work may seem heavy, but joy cometh in the morning and church morning is on its way. I'm gonna win. You better believe it. My soul roar So absurd. What an absurd person. She went on Howard Stern and made zero news. She went on a s Muddy Sex podcast where they normally talk about dildos. That interview currently has less than 900,000 views. It was all about abortion. Harris's very favorite subject and a big favorite of the sex podcasters. Shocking too.


It never heated up. There was no climax and to no one's surprise, no afterglow. The 60 Minutes interview went so poorly that the news team over there may never recover. Instead of showing us what really happened, they covered for her shortening her indecipherable answers to make them less word solidity. And they got caught. Remember they got caught. The American public demanded that 60 released the full unedited transcripts so we could see just how badly she had mangled her exchanges. And CBS refused to do it. Destroying viewers' trust and CBS's credibility.


She sat with Oprah Winfrey in what had to be the most insufferable interview of the campaign. In fairness, this one was due not to Harris so much, but to the sycophant Hollywood types, literally surrounding her. Turns out many actors are not so good when they do not have a talented screenwriter director and editor helping them out. Hello, president Harris. Yeah. Where are you, Jennifer? Yay. Yay. I wanna bring my daughters to the White House to meet this black woman president.


That's a reason. That's a reason. That's a reason. This has become such a, a global representation of our country and what we stand for. And I get to travel internationally a lot. And You're so important. I Want people to say, oh, you're American, and not, oh, how's it going over there? I think you're Gonna win. Okay, Jeffrey Dahmer, I'm Sure you're gonna win. Oh, Meryl, yeah. Wrong again. But what happens when you win? And he doesn't accept it, I guess.


We'll never know. And then there was Oprah who decided to switch up her acting routine from that terrible Meghan Markle interview. Remember? What, what? Wait, what? They wanted to know how dark your baby was going to be from merely overly dramatic and fake to full on Sam Kinison. How about Phil, us In as to what the fuck it S a helmet On that soldier On him.


No, actually watch. Thanks for joining us for this very special event. Unite for America. How are you? Chris Rock is in the house. Jennifer Lopez, where are you? Jennifer? Yes. Julia Roberts. Where are you? And Miss Mere is in the house. Please welcome Kam Laha.


Does she live with the hearing impaired next to a leaf blower factory? Did she attend too many Metallica concerts? As a young person, why was she yelling at us Amazingly, you're gonna be shocked to learn. The yelling did not move. The needle in the polls did not help. So Harris moved on to real celebrities got the endorsements from Taylor Swift, Meghan the stallion, Cardi B. Cardi B, just as Mark Cuban was lecturing us, that the sexist jerk Trump never surrounds himself with strong, intelligent women.


Harris has Cardi B show up at a rally and endorse her. Cardi B, who once tweeted, I wonder how p tastes like amazingly bounce. Mark Rachel, mad Al Cuban. He endorsed Bradley Whitford, Leonardo DiCaprio, Robert De Niro, Julia Roberts, George Clooney, Beyonce. Not one of them got her a bounce. They all failed miserably. No one moved the needle because they have no influence. None in this lane.


Zero. Not Bill Clinton. Not Barack, not Michelle. No one improved her numbers. Meanwhile, the press sneered and laughed at Trump's Hulk, Hogan, Dana White Kid Rock and Dennis Quaid endorsements all of these guys, beloved by working class Americans. All of them spoke for Trump with humor, fun, kindness, and relatability. None overact looking at you J-Lo, We should be emotional. We should be upset.


We should be scared and outraged. We should. Our pain matters. We matter. You matter your voice and your vote matters. And, and look, don't be afraid to make people around you uncomfortable. Now I'm uncomfortable watching that fake acting. The press made fun of the Trump guys. They mocked them because they and the liberal elite and the Democrat Party really do hate the right half of the country. They hate them. They agreed with Hillary on deplorables with Barack on bitter clingers. They saw no problem with Joe Biden calling Trump supporters garbage or with Tim Walls calling them Nazis.


This is why they won't have Thanksgiving with us now. We voted for Hitler. So it's done in the waning days of the campaign. The New York Times and the Atlantic trotted out John Kelly, who now for the first time on the record and in his own voice called Trump a fascist. Oh, fascist porn. Stop the presses. It was a claim that Harris agreed with on CNN. You've quoted General Mille calling Donald Trump a, a fascist. You yourself have not used that word to describe him. Let me ask you tonight, do you think Donald Trump is a Fascist? Yes, I do. Yes I do. Game changer or not, Liz Cheney, who's never been the answer to anyone's problems, became a fixture on the campaign trail with Harris.


To whom does she appeal again? Exactly. The lying ramped up as virtually everyone in media and on Team Harris called Trump the fascist word called him a white supremacist, a white nationalist, a Nazi. And so on. That pause in Hitler comparisons after Trump was shot in the head lasted about two minutes. And. then they went right back to it. The good people on both sides lie resurfaced from Barack Obama, no less. Harris and Wal pedaled it to the blood bath. Lie the dictator lie. People pretending to be journalists hysterical on the air saying Women will die if Trump is reelected like Mika Brzezinski.


We are fighting 24 7. We're in crisis. These are the final hours. We need you, we need you, you, you, you, you and all of you to vote. This is the moment and we won't have it again. This is the final hour for women. Trump's America for Women is happening now and it's a nightmare. This is the future that we're looking at. He is killing us. I'm talking about us women. He's killing us. Wow. You see the left Mika, they're all about women's rights, except when it comes to the nanny. First gentleman wannabe.


Doug Emh allegedly cheated with on his first wife behind her back, and then impregnated, and then allegedly did something to her that caused her to lose the pregnancy. So reports the Daily Mail. He denied it, but he admitted the affair. Or when it comes to the ex-girlfriend, he beat, he denied it. She came out in the Daily Mail and gave a first person account with witnesses. Or when it comes to Lake and Riley and others like her who get killed in the prime of their life by illegals from Venezuela. Or when it comes to Peyton McNabb and girls like her who get traumatic brain injuries from trans players, would you just be nice and be tolerant and let them play and shut your girl up.


If she doesn't like it, it's too bad. She has to be paralyzed, be kind. The Chloe Coles who have their breasts chopped off by radical activist doctors who look at her like a payday. She'll be in the system for life. Mika cares deeply about women like that on those women. The truth is the left has nothing to say other than to shame them into silence. Harrison team reportedly realized that the Trump ad on the trans issue was crushing her. Bill. Clinton urged her to respond.


Oh, Bubba knows an actual controversy when he sees one. She didn't listen. Reportedly, they cut a few responsive ads, but nothing resonated with the audience before whom they tested it. And instead of innovating, they abandoned the fight. Honestly, what? What could they say? It was true? And she still believes in that radicalism and was too afraid of her left flank to say otherwise. Harris skipped the traditional and beloved Al Smith dinner in New York before a host of prominent American Catholics. The last presidential candidate to do so was Walter Mondale. And we all know how that wound up.


She snubbed Joe Rogan too, who offered her an opportunity before his enormous audience saying she was too busy. She was too busy. But there's a report here again, she was afraid of alienating her leftist base. Trump accepted the Rogan invitation. Joe Rogan, who at least four years ago voted for Bernie Sanders. But Trump went there anyway. And that interview has since gotten over 50 million views and landed in a Rogan endorsement. Kamala did SNL, which ended with a thud. She got the New York Times to print a bunch of nonsense about women voters flocking to the polls in early voting in Pennsylvania and Seltzer of Iowa, tried to throw her a lifeline with a bullshit poll, driven by dreams, not data.


Alan Liman. The so-called Nostradamus of presidential predictions, embarrassed himself and later blamed sexism and racism for his faulty predictions about what Americans would do, and American voters who had been lied to dodged, insulted and manipulated by a terrified campaign and a dishonest, complicit media headed to the polls in droves. Young, old, white, black, Latino, Asian, Jewish, Muslim, male and female. They saw right through the BS and the spin, the dire warnings and the drama, the horrific warnings and the catastrophizing, and did the most extraordinary thing.


They pulled the lever for Donald J. Trump. He won because inflation is really hurting people. He won because the open border is costing American lives. He won because the trans insanity has gone too far. He won because Americans trust him to break up a system that has been working against them because he has a sense of humor, because he self-deprecating because he went to McDonald's and drove a garbage truck because he's strong to the point of being nearly superhuman because he never gave up despite all the lawfare, because he faced down a bullet and said, fight, fight, fight while still bleeding.


And he won because he ran against a uniquely terrible opponent. Whether the media will be honest about her or not an empty headed, know nothing. An actress who should never have been a senator or vice president who failed upward to enormous power and who should exit the national scene in January. Understanding her hubris and lack of self-awareness cost her party everything. thank you for joining me. See you soon. Thanks for listening to the Megan Kelly Show.


No BS No agenda. And, no fear.