
It is time to put America first when it comes to spectrum airwaves. Dynamic spectrum sharing is an American innovation developed to meet American needs led by American companies and supported by the US military who use the spectrum to defend the homeland. It maximizes a scarce national resource wireless spectrum to protect national security and deliver greater competition and lower costs without forcing the US military to waste $120 billion. Relocating critical defense systems, America won't win by letting three big cellular companies keep US Spectrum policy stuck in the past forwarding spectrum for their exclusive use to limit competition here at home, while giving Chinese companies like Huawei and ZTEA big leg up overseas for America to lead. Federal policy makers must build on the proven success of US spectrum sharing to ensure national security, turbocharged domestic manufacturing, role connectivity, and create American jobs. Let's keep America at the forefront of global wireless leadership. Learn more at Spectrum Future dot com.


Welcome to Omaha where work and play meet where productivity meets the after party, where downtown convention space and hotels are within. Walking distance of 90 restaurants, pubs, and unique shops where locally made morning lattes made five o'clock craft cocktails and where colleagues meet. To explore the waterfront views in our 72 acre downtown urban Oasis and we're in 2027, A modern streetcar will take you to even more entertainment options. Go to visit omaha.com/meetings to learn more.


Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show, Live on SiriusXM Channel one 11 every weekday at Moon East. Hey everyone, I'm Megan Kelly. Welcome to the Megan Kelly Show. Another race hoax takes center stage this time in the WNBA. This story has had many twists and turns over the past week, so we're gonna walk you through how it all unraveled in spectacular fashion. It all started on May 17th during the WNBA season opener when Kaitlyn Clark's team, the Indiana Fever, faced off against the Chicago sky home to player Angel Jussie, Smollett Reese.


Just kidding. Angel Reese was the competitor. During the game, Caitlyn Clark received a flagrant foul call against Reese. In other words, Caitlyn committed the foul after slapping her arm. Reese fell to the ground momentarily before jumping up to follow Clark across the court and angry at the foul. Keep in mind, she's committed umpteen numbers of these against Kaitlyn Clark, including she was the one who with the fingernails, but she was very angry that she'd been pushed, she felt by Clark. Clark said there was nothing malicious behind the foul and it's just a part of the game. Reese appeared to agree eventually saying, all right, it was just a basketball play.


Then after the game, the Associated Press reported the WNBA was launching an investigation into alleged racial abuse directed at Reese by fever fans. Fans, You know, rooting for Caitlin Clark. The WNBA confirmed the investigation in a statement that read in part the WNBA strongly condemns racism, hate, and discrimination in all forms. They have no place in our league or in our society. We are aware of the allegations that are looking into the matter. Then Reese had a change of heart. She posted a TikTok video, which included this screenshot. It shows Clark walking away from Reese after the foul with the message white gal running from the fade.


It has since been taken down by Reese. Reese then spoke to reporters about how the alleged racism hurled her way, was very hard to deal with during the game. Obviously there's no place in the league for that. I think that that the NBA and our team and our organization has done a great job supporting me. I've had communication from everyone, from so many people across this league and being able to support me and going through this, going through this whole process. Obviously it could happen to me, it could happen to anyone, and I think they've done a great job supporting us in this. How did it affect you Saturday trying to do your job, trying to play and having this going on simultaneously? Yeah, Obviously it's tough, but I think I have a great support system. I'm loved by so many people and obviously in the moment it is, it's, it's hard to hear, but my support system is great.


God has protected me. What do you think the league's response is coming out right away and getting that investigation going? Yeah, Obviously, like I said, they, they understand that this is, this is the priority. Obviously there's no place for this. And they, they preach, I think two days before they put out no hate, no speech. And obviously the women in this league, they, they know, they know that and know, know there's no space for that. Okay, so now we're at, it was, it was hard to hear when it happened. What, What happened exactly. You, you were subjected to racism. What specifically What happened? It was hard to hear if it can happen to me, it can happen. And did it happen to you? What? What exactly is your evidence that anything at all happened to you involving racism from the fever fans?


Okay, well the evidence for why an investigation was launched by the WNBA was unspecified. The daily male reported that Reese's coach and team only found out about the racism allegations when everyone else did. And they were not aware of any hate speech during the game. Angel Reese did not run off the court saying, somebody said something racist to me. Now the latest news is that they heard anonymous social media commentators saying there was racism. Oh, that's how you began your investigation. So nobody in the arena was actually complaining. She wasn't complaining. You, the coaches didn't hear anything. It's some anonymous social media users who got this started.


That's reliable. Now, some claim, the evidence was alleged monkey sounds being made. They said by the crowd, when Reese made the free throw shot that came as a result of the flagrant foul. Listen here, It's a flagrant and then Chicago will maintain the basketball Reese misses. I don't know what that is. To me, it sounds like a noisemaker, one of those weird noisemakers that you might use on New Year's Eve, which is very f common during these free show free throw shots to distract the opposing team's player.


But it certainly doesn't jump out at me as a monkey sound. And it probably doesn't jump out at you that way either. It's people who are looking for these alleged claims, and by the way, like who in a crowded arena would actually do such a thing, right? It's like the people who think that there are racists and racism everywhere in America. Those are the ones who go to that place, but without any supporting evidence. Nothing more than a statement put out by the WNBA about unspecified racism. And now we know that's based on social media users. Some sports analysts had no problem declaring, oh, it had, it happened.


There's racism at these WNBA games. Listen to what ESPN's, Monica McNutt and Chaney mke and Emmanuel Achu of Fox Sports all had to say The aftermath, the fact that the WNBA has to put out a statement because of racist comments and unsafe conditions toward Angel Reese. Like, I just want people to be mindful if this was the other way around. Oh Lord, you can only imagine how the conversation would've gone when It comes to racism and the hateful rhetoric and the statement that the WNBA is saying. I think it's important because at the end of the day, if you are truly a basketball fan, you would understand and agree, yeah, we have no space in our game for those types of comments.


People are using this situation as a cover for their innate vitriol and maybe their innate kind of racism or racial tension or or racial misunderstanding. And now that they have been given a reason, at least the reason that they're going to try to take, which is Angel Reese reacting to Kaitlyn Clark's foul. Now this is their opportunity to say what they always wanted to say, but they needed a mask to put on to cover up the innate, whether it's racism or the innate prejudice or just the innate hate that they have for Angel Reese and the ways in which she carries herself. Okay? You heard the one commentator say those types of comments. What, what comments were they, sir? What? What specifically? Walk us through them.


He has no idea. And acho alluding to fans being comfortable spewing racism while wearing masks. What, what was the racism that was spewed? What masks what again? What evidence are you citing? Walk us through it. You're a journalist, right? You purport to be a sports journalist commentator. Walk us through it. Totally open-minded. Let's do it. It it took the WNBA 10 days to announce the results of its investigation, releasing a statement on Tuesday, reading based on information gathered to date, including from relevant fans, teams, and arena staff, as well as audio and video review of the game. We have not substantiated it.


That's it. You got everybody worked up over absolutely nothing. You have not substantiated any allegations of race. Maybe we shouldn't run with anonymous social media users allegations I don't like. Perhaps social media's not the most reliable source for massive racism investigations without anybody who was actually there having heard, seen or witnessed it. And maybe you should fill in the lines a bit more when you announced that your big race hoax was exactly that. Maybe release the transcripts of the athletes to whom you spoke or the fans one would assume they spoke to Angel Reese. What did she say? She said in that clip, it can, if it can happen to me, it can happen to you.


It was hard to hear. Was it? What specifically did, did she hear and how was it? Well, how was it hard on her? Did she was she asked? What was the answer? She said it could happen to her, it could happen to anybody. Well, can it, what specifically happened? Don't WNBA fans have a right to know What about people of color who go to these games and have to sit there wondering whether there are all these rabid racists all around them? Don't they deserve to fully understand the scope of your investigation? Clay Travis put it best saying, Reese is jussie smollett with a worse shooting percentage. Totally agree. And now one of the hosts in that montage we just played has changed her tune.


ESPN's Chaney U Makay took to X following the W MBA's announcement. And there she claimed she's committed to doing better. And her initial take was in the heat of the moment. If You know me, You know, I'm not afraid to say I can do better. I am sorry that my message was in the heat of the moment because when I initially spoke on the topic, it really came from a place of care. It was based on firsthand conversations with people very close to the situation who raised real concerns. And they told me what they had experienced. And I felt like it was important and it was necessary to acknowledge those allegations and also voice those experiences. Now in the process, however, I totally recognize that it may have impacted fans in a way that I did not intend.


And I'm sorry. I understand that having a platform comes with a responsibility and I do not take that lightly. So as our league continues to grow, I am going to grow with it. And I am so committed to be better in how I share perspectives and grow alongside the game that I truly love and door. This is ridiculous. Don't worry. There's never any penalty for fake racism. Reports none. She knows very well she can proceed with impunity on such reporting. By the way, she did not address her own false reporting. Let me tell you how it's done. When you say something that is totally false on the air, you have to go out.


And by the way, it needs to happen in the same forum in which you committed the sin not on social media, which is the coward's way out you go and you look into the same camera into which you made the same, the first allegation and you say, here is what I said and that was wrong. And this is how I know it was wrong. And then you do your apology. She didn't even address the falseness that she spewed. I'll just, I'll do better. I'll do better. Please forgive me. She, she had reported that players and coaches, that's a quote of Chicago Sky quote her things that were out of bounds coming from fans and that the matter was serious.


That was her reporting. Okay, so that's not a heat of the moment take yet. There does seem to be racism in the WNBA one with much more clear evidence that is being totally ignored outside of conservative media. Last week, Brittany Griner and her team faced off against the Fever and Kaitlyn Clark. As you may remember, back in 2022, Griner was arrested in Russia on drug charges. The Biden administration had to do a prisoner swap to get her back handing over an international arms dealer known as the Merchant of Death, which we traded to get this gal back. You would think she'd wanna steer clear of any controversy and be feeling nothing other than love of country.


You would probably be wrong in a viral clip after she made a foul play Grinder appears to mouth something rather controversial. It might be though we don't know trash and possibly fucking white girl. Others have suggested it might be trash and fucking whack call. We don't know what she's mouthing, but she seems to, yeah, have a mouth on her and not exactly be in the gratitude space. Grinder herself hasn't commented. Now why is that? If you were being accused of making racist statements, I think you'd wanna clear that up quickly.


You'd race to the cameras and put out a statement on X to say, I said fucking whack call. I didn't say effing white girl, but she's not. She's apparently totally comfortable letting those allegations linger. Maybe she's worried that the people on the bench or the people right behind her had a had a recording going. You know how people do they record the game. They wanna show their friends that they were there. Maybe she's concerned that if she comes out and says it's one thing, there might be proof that it was something else we don't know because she's not speaking to it, which is odd. And out kick reports that on Saturday after that clip received millions of views, not a single reporter asked Grinder about it, not a single reporter.


So maybe Grinder knows the story will disappear because again, f fake allegations of racism. Nobody, nobody holds that against you. Anti-white racism. Nobody holds that against you. That's fine, no problem. And she can behave with impunity and understand that these powerful voices within the sports industry will run cover for her and do the work of attacking alleged anti-black racism where it doesn't exist. Here to help break it all down, we go to Pulitzer Prize winning journalist and host of Rumble's System Update Glenn Greenwald.


Since President Trump's election, the eyes of the nation have been on Mar-a-Lago and the free state of Florida. It's a thriving, booming place. South Florida is a special place too, because of its amazing water. It's so blue and clean and gorgeous. They boat, they swim, they fish, they drink today that clean water. Well, sadly, it's endangered by toxic algae. Did You know that you may have heard of red tide or blue green algae? Well, it can be dangerous and it can be gross. In his first term, President Trump signed a law to solve this problem with a new reservoir south of Lake Okeechobee to keep clean, fresh water flowing constantly to South Florida. President Trump said, after years of rebuilding other nations, we're finally rebuilding our own. Washington can finish the job in next year's budget and keep President Trump's promise. The Everglades Foundation, our advertiser says that would be very good for Florida and good for the Everglades. Learn more about President Trump's Everglades support project at Everglades Foundation dot org.


Glad and great to see you. So what do you make of the latest fake racism claim outta the WNBA? Women's basketball has been struggling for attention for basically 40 years now, while a lot of other women's sports thrive, You know, women's tennis and women's soccer in for a time, women's golf all got this, You know, serious attention and women's basketball, nobody cared about. And now suddenly they have the set of stars that people are interested in. These interesting rivalries, these dynamics, You know, like the Angel Reese, Caitlyn Clark kind of rivalry is something that is good for sports and yet they seem like they're stuck in this bubble, this time machine of 2019 and 2020 where every single hair trigger event became an excuse to scream racism and launch, You know, federal investigations.


And you compare it to like the NBA, the Major League baseball, You know, national Football League, all of which have a lot of racial mixing within their teams. And there seems to be none of this basically. And this is a sport that, You know, a league that has gone out of its way to be very vocal about its left wing politics and it's like they imported 2020, You know, racial hair trigger scandals were nonexistent when the whole country has now moved beyond it. And the worst, or the sports reporters who basically destroyed their own credibility by no longer talking about sports and wanting to get up on their soapbox and the fact that the person did it here and seems to have invented racism accusations, which are pretty serious, is just the kind of thing that, as you said, generally doesn't bring any accountability because it's considered for the right cause.


And this is according to Alki, which has been doing great reporting on this. Not the first time that Angel Jussie Smollett Reese has made up a fake race claim, a racism claim. Last June, according to Out Kick, she accused a fan of harassing her and her black teammates and quote, blocking them from entering their team hotel. A subsequent video of the scene in the comments from her own general manager told a very different story. They report that in June of 2024, her team, the Chicago Sky, was in Washington DC for a game. And Angel Reese posted to Acts quote, finding out our team's hotel to pull a camera as we get off the bus and put it in my teammate's face and harass her is nasty work.


This really is outta control and needs to stop sky forward. Mikayla Anya Wei accused someone of calling somebody else on the team and other women ghetto bitches. Isabelle Harrison said, this man stormed them to the point they couldn't even step off the bus. However, reports out kick months later, there's still zero proof of the alleged incident and all evidence continues to suggest it did not happen in the way Reese and her teammates tell it. There is video from the scene. The man in question does not harass Storm at threaten or get in the face of the players as the women stated. Rather, he simply recorded himself asking Carter one of the players, if she had a chance to reach out to Kaitlyn Clark via the New York Post, the players on the Sky team claim the video was edited and fails to capture the man's alleged harassment.


But in an interview with the Chicago Sun Times a week after the GM of the team, Jeff Pcha described the incident exactly as shown in this clip quote, it was over as fast as it started. I'm very confident in our security always making our players feel safe. He said quote, the man had a camera was trying to approach guard Trinity Carter. However, security was able to deescalate the situation without the assistance of police. Here is the clip that we have of the incident. Ms. Carter, have you gotten a chance to reach out to Kaitlyn? Hey man, come on with that. Relax. Have you gotten a chance to reach out to Kailyn Trinity?


Have you gotten a chance? The basketball world wants to know if he's gotten a chance to reach out to her. This is the alleged terrible, terrible man who pulled the camera as we get off the bus, put in my teammate's face and harass in all caps, her it's nasty work, it needs to stop. And that he was allegedly calling the women Ghetto bitches, which is strange 'cause I did not hear ghetto bitches on the tape out Kick has been asking this team, the Chicago Sky team, What happened? What's the truth? Because what you alleged does not match up with the video, nor the GM's description of what actually happened and asking whether they stand by Angel Reese's allegations, the team refuses to respond.


They've also tried to contact several members of the team for comment. They've all refused to respond. I mean, again, like I, this is something that happened very commonly and in the wake of the Black Lives Matter and the George Floyd incident where we invented all of these very, You know, sensitive frameworks for when racism happens, for when you're supposed to object and launch a sort of scandal. And I think people got to the point where they realized, You know, if you're gonna raise serious racism accusations, you need to have a serious basis for it. It seems like the whole country moved on from this sort of thing. I don't know why the na the na, the, the, the the Woman's Basketball Association Is Yeah, WNBA Engulfed in these sort of thing.


Yeah, the WNBA given that this is the sort of thing that is gonna alienate people. You know, that whole incident with ca, Kaitlyn Clark and Angel Reese with that foul that Kaitlyn Clark made on Angel Reese, which I've watched men's basketball for decades. Every single time a shooter is open, someone comes and tries to foul them by slapping the ball outta their hands, which is exactly what she did. But because of those two players, it became some sort of like racial dynamic. I don't know what it is about this league. I do think they've like defined themselves in this very politically oriented way, almost more so than the basketball. And I think it's ultimately gonna just drive people away because people go to watch basketball not to be engulfed in all these fake scandals all the time.


Exactly right. It's like, well, we barely wanna watch the WNBA to begin with. People started to watch it because Caitlin Clark came in and was a total phenom and like the, the female Michael Jordan is how people were describing her. And so she got bottoms in the seats and she got tickets sold and she got people watching on television. And then the response from the league was uniform hate, I shouldn't say uniform seems majority hate toward her, especially this Angel Reese who obviously can't stand her and is insanely jealous of her and the attention she's getting rather than basking in it, rather than enjoying the bigger spotlight that is on her as well. And you can get away with this because the WNBA seems to be just fine with anti-white RAC racism and with Caitlin Clark going out there to flagellate herself with the, I'm working on my white privilege as she gets nominated as the, You know, time athlete of the year.


Like that's what she's gotta make sure she says. So she's happy to play the game And you know, isn't really making a stand one way or the other other than to make sure everybody knows, she realizes that she's got inherent bias too and and white privilege. And I do think the sports media is very much to blame. You know, I guess people went into sports journalism excited about following the sports, the business of, of, You know, major professional leagues. These are interesting things. And at some point they decided, no, this is not enough. We have to get on a soapbox and be leaders of anti-racism efforts or anti-woman efforts. And they turned themselves into social justice warriors. So people were tuning into ESPN to find out about the latest highlights of various games.


And instead they were being subjected to these lectures by these very cliched banal people whose, You know, I understanding of politics is like very thin deep. And it was these constant lectures about social justice and I guess the NBA sector still hasn't really stopped. So why is it that the same people who heard th this, these alleged racist comments from the crowd, none of which were substantiated, were not able because they could use their ears for that. Were not able to see with their eyes what Britney Griner was mouthing. Like why, why was it so clear in the one instance and so unclear in the other such that it didn't even warrant reporting along the lines of what I just did, which is here's the dispute.


Some people say she looked like she was saying X, other people say she looked like she was saying y they didn't even get that treatment by these same outraged anchors. They know they, they're quick to run to the flames when it could be anti-black racism, but when it could be anti-white racism, crickets. Yeah, I mean I looked at Britney Grinder to be honest, it seemed to me, and I'm the lip reading expert, but it seemed pretty clear that she was saying something like with a, a racial intent about Kaitlyn Clark. I don't even really care that much. Like it's the heat of a basketball game. It's an ugly thing to say, like, why are you saying that? But why do we need national investigations every time somebody might have said something like a little bit inappropriate or a little bit off in the heat of the moment.


That's the thing I thought we had left behind. You know, people in 80,000 person arenas are gonna say certain things that players hear or don't hear very well. Just, You know, why do we need these constant scandals in order for people then to, You know, get on that high horse and say racism is unacceptable. And half the time it turns out it was all invented in the first place. I know. And talk About the game. All these people truly, truly of like such privilege too. Like they're, they're still so aggrieved about everything. A angel Reese, while she's making up fake claims of racism, is also celebrating her new deal with Reebok, which undoubtedly is seven figures and she's being celebrated as, You know, one of these female heroines within the sports world.


She's got it made. Why is she so angry? Yeah, I mean, You know, there are other sports that you, I remember when Michael Jordan, You know, transformed the NBA into this global phenomenon. All the players said, oh, I owe the ability of myself to put my kids through college to Michael Jordan because he grew the league. Same with Tiger Woods in golf. I heard a lot of players always saying that you would think you would be appreciative when somebody comes who's kind of like a superstar who brings huge amounts of attention for the first one, like I said, women's basketball has been trying to get people to watch for decades and nobody did. And they finally got someone, as you say, because of a generational talent and there are other good players there that you're now paying attention to and that you see. But the anger and resentment over the fact that she brought not just herself.


Like why would you think Angel Reese without Caitlyn Clark would have even, You know, a hundred dollars sponsorship deal? No, of course not. But the resentment for some reason is overwhelming what ought to be, You know, the collective celebration that they have something that is actually worthwhile for the first time. Yes. But they're also bitter and angry and looking for these internal disputes instead of feeding the excitement around the game. It is bizarre. Totally. Or you could even feed a healthy rivalry, You know, like she's going down the next time I'll get her, You know, like people would love that, but why does it have to be racial? It's just, You know, because some people see the whole world through that prism and they just cannot stop doing it. It's very hard to stop doing it.


And that of course leads me to Michelle Obama. You're back and she's given us a whole new realm of comments. Glenn, we saved them just for you because she's still, I tell, I told your staff, I only started watching this podcast religiously because of the times I've been on your show and you've talked about it by yourself or with me. So I'm very ready to talk. Michelle Obama. Oh good. She's still just as bitter as ever. There's such a great new like spin of, of, of complaints here. Here's one from her most recent episode, which still on YouTube she's got like 200,000 subscribers. It's really amazing that now she's been doing this for how many episodes she's been literally at on every podcast of the left, left wing promoting it.


And that's still all she's managed to get here she is interviewing Dr. Sharon Malone, perhaps better known as former attorney general Eric Holder's wife. And therein lies the problem. As these two ladies married to two to two very famous men are pissed that they are not the alpha in terms of popularity and recognition in their marriages. Listen to this 15, Sharon's husband happens to be former Attorney General Eric Holder. He's a, a non-actor. You know, i i he is not a non-actor.


He's a non-factor in our, in relationship, in our conceptualize. Although they, they put us together because we were both reluctant spouses attending one of these huge dinners. Okay. And what, where were they? Was Barack a US senator at the time? Yes, he was a senator because you, you were still living in Chicago and Eric was in private practice, so it was just, it was the very early days And you know, she came to DC and you didn't come to DC much in those days? No ma'am. And they sit us at a table and we were seated just about like this. She was across the table from me. Okay. And you know how there are things going on around us and I would just look over at her and it was in well and the things were, there was a line of people waiting to shake hands with our respective husbands.


Okay. You know, people like reaching over our heads and spilling water on us trying to get to these two, You know, illustrious men. And that's annoying because she's supposed to be the star. Glen Michelle Obama. This dovetails perfectly with so many other comments she's made about how she is like, what about me? What about me? What did those eight years in the White House do to my soul? And why isn't anyone asking? I should, they shouldn't have to be told to ask about how I'm doing. Go ahead. Every single time you've showed a clip on this show, including when I wasn't here, but I was watching, but also every time I've been here, every single time, I'm not exaggerating, Michelle Obama is making clear that everything that she had to do to support her husband's career was something that was completely against her will.


That it was some sort of like psychological damage and imposed on her for having to do it. Like she has resentment and bitterness, You know, like I went to this dinner but against my will because I had to, that's the first thing. I mean, how much anger and resentment does she have toward her husband for having had his own political career that, as we've talked about before, made Michelle Obama one of the richest, most influential, most famous and one most powerful people on the planet. And yet she talks as if that trajectory that he took her on was something that, You know, turned her into some kind of horrible victim that we ought to feel sorry for. On top of that, You know, these podcasts where you like what what she's doing, which is basically just like going around and chitchatting about her life and the like, things she thinks is interesting in her life and the thought she has in the middle of the night.


It's such an act of like extreme narcissism to go around talking constantly about the things that are being done to you that you think are unfair. Right? When in the entire 8 billion people on the planet, you are basically in the top 0, 0, 0 0 1% of the people who are the most privileged by every reasonable metric. Like I'm not saying people don't go through bad times if they're like very rich or very famous. Of course they do. But don't you have like any humility at all, like any sensibility at all that most people don't want to hear from you about how difficult your life is given that you live in this lavish wealth and fame and, and And you know, got to be in the White House for all those years, but she's angry about it and thinks that it's worthy of all of our attention to hear her resentment.


I can't understand the mindset that produces that belief. I know how, how do you not stop, especially when your husband was commander in chief for eight years and think there will be people who hear this clip who have no arms and legs thanks to these wars that we fought in Iraq and Afghanistan. I mean there, I know some of them and they will drag themselves out to run the tunnel to Towers Race and other races to raise money for other suffering veterans and firefighters who got hurt on nine 11 and so on. And their families are surviving. They who have actual problems, actual problems that were basically brought on them by the government. And they, no one, no one, not even people who aren't anywhere near as catastrophically injured as those guys, but no, especially guys like that don't wanna hear about how someone had to reach past her to shake Barack Obama's hand.


She has zero perspective for what actual problems are Glenn Or just people suffering from like terminal illness or people who can't get food and healthcare for, You know, on and on and on. Like all of the injustices and the horrors and wars in the world. And this is what I'm saying, like, I'm not saying I haven't encountered difficulties in my life, but in general I feel like my life is very blessed. I feel like I have done a lot of things, I've gotten a lot of things that other people haven't gotten. And so I would never go around and talk publicly about, hey, gather around. I want you to hear you never do. Why? I never do. I feel so agree. You never do either. Like, I'm not saying there aren't times that you're angrier, but you don't go publicly and talk about it because in comparison to pretty much everybody else in the world, it's so trivial and to demand that people pay attention.


But she, like this is the other thing, this whole idea that she has a marriage. Like, You know, I know you, you are married to someone who has a different career than you. I was married to my husband who was a politician. I obviously supported his political career because You know, we were married and I loved him and that's what you do in marriage. And of course I had to go to events sometimes that I didn't really wanna go to that weren't particularly interesting, like political rallies or whatever. I would never imagine going around and publicly saying, because of him I had to go to all these different horrible, miserable events And he was the star because he was the candidate and people climbed or vice versa, You know, all the things he had to do. Like who the, the conception she has of marriage is so jaded and so ugly and negative and I don't know where that comes From.


It's so point, point scoring, You know, it's all point scoring. It's like when I go to like one of Doug's book signings and people wanna talk to Doug because he's the star at those book signings. I love it. I love it for him. I'm thrilled to have them of course reach past me to shake Doug's hand. 'cause I love him and I'm rooting for him. She, everything is like a point against him and, and You know, a deficit that she's suffered for which he has to make up later. Alright, so more aggrieve in the following soundbite and and this is another theme with her. Just, I mean, how hard it is to be Michelle, how hard it is to be a woman here she is in SAT 16 Who who, You know, drink excessive amounts of alcohol. That might be a factor.


But the thing that's different about women than it is about men. With men, you make a new set of sperm every 69 days you get a new batch. Right? Right, right. We are born with all we're ever gonna have. And that's it. You you, we have we always getting the short end of something. I'm telling you, isn't it? We Get all, we have sperm after sperm after Sperm. Well we can jack ours up with behavior too, right? Smoking and you use that word jack. It's like, be careful there. I mean that, I was like, where are you going? I did Dude, I just, I yes. I was trying not to curse. I Should have cursed. It would've been better. We might have to leap That out. No, but seriously it's Brother Craig, you need to get outta there.


You needed to go launch your own show. Glen, poor brother Craig. We Need to send him Poor brother Craig. Right. We need a parachute in there to, to re rescue brother Craig. I mean he has to walk up pins of needles because the minute he does anything other than just like sort of say amen and responds to everything she says, she gets super hostile. Yes. Yes she does. She bizarre things always correcting him. Oh yeah. If he steps outta line, she's like, no. And then she talks over him and she explains why he's so wrong and then he eventually apologizes. It's a really like uncomfortable dynamic, but also like, what is that like women always get the short end of the stick because of their biology. And I mean I what does That even mean? Well, I mean women live mean like you what, like six or seven years longer than men?


Longer than men Longer than men. It's pretty Good. And, and have for a long time. Yeah. I think that's a pretty good, You know, like mark of positivity on the side of women and women get to do a lot of things that men don't do. Women get to carry a baby like yeah, exactly. To be a carry a baby, like a mother to a baby and breastfeed. Like, but no, I bet she would frame that as some sort of a negative. Here she is. I'll give you another one. Well, I'll just let you watch. It's not 17. There is at least some, You know, again, anecdotal data that says that older sperm, more autism, we should tell some people like maybe it's the old sperm, maybe it's not the vaccine that's causing the autism. You know, why don't you look at that? We'll, they'll never let that secret Out.


Luck. Good luck with that one. That may be the, the key behind all the defunding everything. It's just like, let's just blow it up and then the old man can, We can't let him find this stuff out. Old men can keep marrying 20 year olds. Exactly. It's like, I'll give you the baby you want. What I like what is this? This is just some grievance fest again with two of the most privileged women on earth who are really bitter against men because now we're trying to say it's old male sperm that causes autism. Like, I don't even understand it, but it's typical leftist leftist women talk. Yeah. It's like the, it's the men's fault.


Like the, the reason why people are interested in what causes autism is because there's been a gigantic explosion in the rates of autism over the past, You know, 20 to 30 years or 40 years. So people are interested, like why has that happened? Was there not old people's sperm like prior to 40 years ago? Like if old sperm, men's sperm causes autism, why wasn't that happening 40 years ago? It makes no sense, but everything she says, it has like no side point. There's never any like interest in any issue. It's all a proxy for her to depict herself as somehow put upon. And aside from the fact that I don't understand how anybody would ever wanna listen to that, I also don't understand, honestly, I really don't.


How somebody has the life she has and really is convinced that the whole world is unfair to her. That she's uniquely suffering and that everybody wants to sit around and and and hear it. There, there's something very dark in her psyche that is causing her to use this podcast to like disparage her marriage and to talk about how unfair the world has been to her. I don't know, I just, You know, and her kids, you she could, She's disparaged her kids. Oh, she has, she, yeah, she's gone on. She hasn't said like, I hate Malia and, and Sasha, but she's like, right, they're extremely hard and like they come And, you know, your life basically gets ruined. I mean she's, she doesn't talk about them, You know, and she's like, they're launched, You know, she doesn't talk about them in the way of like, they're my everything.


You know, like the, you change as a woman and as a mother and you, You know, you profoundly connect with your child upon birth and she talks about it like it was all yet another fucking thing she had to do for Barack. And even here, this isn't about her children per se, but most women, when they talk about the, the glorious ability to be a woman, the, the, the, the glorious fact of being a woman will mention as you and I both just did as one of the first things that makes women truly special, the ability to carry and give birth to a child. It's a gift from God. It's such an extraordinary superpower here she is on that.


A lot of male politicians, a lot of male religious leaders think about the issue of choice as if it's just about the fetus, the baby. The, but women's reproductive health is about our life. It's, it's, it's about this whole complicated reproductive system that does the, the least of what it does is produce life. It's a very important thing that it does. But you, you only produce life if the machine that's producing it. If you wanna, You know, whittle us down to a machine. If the machine is functioning The least of what the reproductive system does, life The least important of what the reproductive is give life is create life.


I mean, where would anybody that is the, i I maybe wanna say is there are other things as important, but to rank the production of life and the unbelievably miraculous process where a woman, You know, carries a baby to term and then life is created like this process that everyone finds beauti to say that that's the least important. Who talks like that? Especially somebody who's gone through childbirth. And that's the other thing, You know, I, I was talking about my kids yesterday with a man who has kids is like, the first thing we immediately said is like, You know, they're teenagers, of course you have problems. But like, You know, you're like, ah, the best thing I've ever done is become a parent. Like I love my kids so much, it's changed my life. And so who talks about the process of having kids in this way that's like very annoying, very put upon.


And like even if that's what you, you think, why would you say that publicly about your own kids in public as well? It's all bizarre. She has no self-awareness. Alright, I'm gonna do one more aggrieved woman with you. And it happens to be Beyonce because it recently came to my attention that Beyonce who's on some world tour right now, reinventing herself as a country star, is running videotape during the show of yours. Truly, I believe it is a clip from me on the Paul Murray show out of Sky News Australia, which I do once a week because I adore him.


But it's me commenting about how when she started getting into country and the launch of this album, she and her marketing people were treating that entry like the second coming, like it's Jesus incarnate, he's back all hail Queen Bay. She's here to rescue country music, which was a perfectly thriving industry long before Beyonce showed up. But now we all need to hail her because she's married to Jay-Z, which means we will have hundreds of millions thrown at any marketing effort behind her. And she, so, so that was my take. But the vast majority of consumers and her fans celebrated her to high heaven.


It was like, again, queen Bay and the bay hive and the marketing she got in the recognition and the awards and the singing opportunities at the award shows, all of it was piled upon her as everything is that she is considered untouchable. You're not allowed to rip on her, by the way, not allowed to rip on Michelle Obama either, but we do Too bad. The more untouchable you tell me somebody is the more likely I am to wanna hit them. And so here is a bit that she came to our attention, she's showing it every show Ben decided to stick her big toe into the life. Okay? I don't know what it is, but it appears to be a setup for her.


Doubters Glen, You know, like her, her haters, somebody who reposted online referred to me as a white supremacist, I guess because I, I didn't bow down to Queen Bay as she walked into country music. And lemme tell you something, she had to scour the internet to find anybody who offered any criticism of this move whatsoever. And here is another one of the most privileged, beloved women in the world and richest based on her own fortune, nevermind the man she's married to, but still has to look for the one sliver where she could play the victim and be aggrieved because big bad Megan Kelly said something completely milk toast about her entry into country music.


Well, I was about to say like, I've heard a lot of Megan Kelly slams and critiques and insults and like very harsh attacks over the years and that pretty much ranks like at the very bottom of yes, the list when it comes to like rhetorical aggression. It was just like a very offhand comment that like why is it such a big deal that Beyonce did a country music album? Like okay, fine, she did country music And you know, I don't really understand why people are celebrating it so much. It seems like celebrity worship, but you're so right. She's showing it as if there's some kind of like deeply fascist, racist, racist element, like this strain that has been attacking her viciously for daring to do country music. Like she's holding you up as a hate object.


And that's exactly like she's going all over the world. People are screaming for her as they always do. Again, she's like, You know, like Michelle Obama, like so many other people, she has every conceivable material benefit and fame and adoration and she has to like depict herself as persecuted by finding like one of the most mild Megan Kelly statements I've ever heard in my life. And go and hold you up as like a hate object all around the world. Like look at these vicious racist attacks on me coming from this strain of people. Like, why do you need to be persecuted? Why is that such a desire to be victimized and to say, look at all my doubters and haters and attackers. It's, it's again, I mean like why do people go looking for that?


Why do people need that and want that? Like I'm persecuted Meanwhile where, where's her show video of her with P Diddy? Where's that picture? Queen Bay, your BFF Diddy who's now on trial for being what is alleged to be a serial rapist and abuser of women. I don't, I haven't heard you comment on that. You have so many things you wanna say about items in the news. Let's hear it. Go ahead Queen. Let's hear you explain your relationship and your husband's relationship with Sean Diddy Combs. I'll wait. I can't wait to watch that at your next show. Okay? But nobody in the entertainment industry is gonna get you in your face with a microphone on that because you're untouchable except you're not.


And it drives you crazy. It's, You know, it's not that different from George Clooney, right? George Clooney got so upset. We talked about this, I think where he featured me, I guess in his play on Broadway. Goodnight and good Luck. Which I didn't even know, I was just ripping on him in goodnight. And good luck as pretending to be Robert, to be Edward f Murrow and Edward r Murrow. And he's lecturing everybody on how to do journalism and do democracy, dies in darkness and all of that. And it just comes along during the Trump era. And I was mocking him. So then he sat down with this nutcase, Patty LuPone, who I'll get to 'cause news on her today. And they decided to mock me saying she's not a journalist and that he is a real journalist, that he, George Clooney is a real journalist 'cause he is been to Sudan or Darfur.


And he did that because he saw that I ripped on him. He can't take it like he's George fucking Clooney. She's Beyonce, but they can't take the mildest criticism Glenn, because in their world they never receive any One. Also, like he's not just being an actor, he wants to depict himself as some sort of political activist as you said. Like, oh, I went here and I did human rights investigations here. I just read a review of this pipe by my friend Michael Tracy, who's an excellent writer. I really encourage people to go read it. It's amazing. Yeah. Did you read the review? It's so scathing. It's basically like, yeah, the whole point of it is to say I'm Ed r Murrow, I'm the oracle of truth journalism used to be about truth.


And then everything from that point forward is like the most obvious, You know, signal to the liberals in Manhattan who, You know, over 50, the SNBC viewers who go watch this play to interpret everything as a attack on Trump. And they're constantly applauding these very, not subtle, he's just such a banal liberal, but I think he finds himself to be. So, I, I had this experience when I was doing, You know, the Hollywood circuit with Citizen Four and we were doing all the awards and stuff, and this the, also the Oliver Stone film, I know you have too. And they all want to be more important than just actors and they're constantly seeking to look for ways to like get up on a soapbox. But most of them have so little to say. And if you listen to George Cooney talk about politics, he's basically like Nancy Pelosi and Chuck Schumer in this unholy marriage that produced a baby.


Like nothing is interesting about it, but he finds himself so important because he turned, he produced a play where he's Edward r Murrow, the oracle of truth. Yes, Exactly right. So I, I'm going someplace with this, but here's a bit of that Clooney and Lone Talk, and then I'm gonna show you what lone ISS saying. Now What we do in this is we talk about the responsibility of journalists to hold truth to power, right? That's our goal. And so if we are doing that and we don't tell people what to think when we show that montage at the end, for instance, you see Megan Kelly, she's, who's come out and said, You know, I'm not a journalist. I didn't say I was a journalist, neither is she, by the way, anyway, You know, but I'm not quite sure what she's done.


I I've at least been to, You know, Dar four and Sudan in the Congo and been shot at and to try to get stories out. You know, I'm not quite sure what she's done to be a journalist. Having said that, we only show her words in this play. We don't tell people what to think. We, it's not outta context. We don't manipulate it. We literally just go, these are your words, The thinnest skin man in Hollywood. Just because I said he is not a journalist Who thinks George Clooney is a journalist. And his argument was, I've traveled internationally and therefore I'm a journalist.


I don't really think that's right. I think like being a journalist is like going to Russia and interviewing Vladimir Putin as you did, moderating debates, breaking stories, interviewing newsmakers. That's the work of being a journalist. The need that George Colussy has a need on top of all of the other accolades and credentials that he's compiled for himself to also now be a journalism. And Meghan, not just a journalist, but the kind of journalist that, the kind of journalist that is so accomplished, like the dean of investigative journalism, that he produces a play where he lectures everybody about what journalism is and its finest essence and how it's been corrupted over the years. I mean, it's, it's a theme. I mean there's so the posity of it is unbelievable.


Yes, pomposity, it's, that's, there's a theme though. Like all three of these people are very left wing. You know, Michelle, Beyonce, Clooney, and by the way, Patty Lone is the craziest of all of them. I'll do her after the break, but they can't appreciate their, the wonderful blessings they've been given, the wonderful mansion he has on Lake Como and in France, and I'm sure in Hollywood and elsewhere, or in her case, Martha's Vineyard and Hawaii and Chicago and DC No, it's about one Co or Beyonce. My God. She puts 'em all to shame in terms of her wealth and, and resources. They can't lean into how wonderful the life is for them. They have to find like one comment by me to, to make themselves into a victim.


He's indignant. He was called a not journalist. She's upset that I said what she's dipping her toe into this for or what, You know, everybody's hailing her now. And Patty LuPone speaks to four all far leftists. I'll play that for you right after this break. Glen stays with us. Don't go away.


I would like to introduce you to a new brand of Angus beef. You can order it directly from Riverbend Ranch, which is located just a few miles from West Yellowstone Montana. Riverbend Ranch raises their cattle a lot differently than most ranches. For example, they never use artificial growth hormones or antibiotics. They track the health of every animal from the day it is born and can guarantee that it has been healthy every day of its life. And they handle their animals humanely and with respect. But most important is the quality of the beef. You'll find it as tender and flavorful as the finest restaurants. And that's because they have spent the last 35 years selecting cattle for tenderness and flavor, aging their beef to perfection for 21 days. The result is some of the most tender and flavorful beef you have ever tasted. You cannot buy beef like this in a grocery store, and since it is shipped directly from the ranch to your home, you get a much better price than going through the middlemen. Order directly from riverbend ranch.com. Use promo code Megan to get 20 bucks off your first order. That's riverbend ranch.com code Megan. And be prepared. Once you taste it, you're gonna be coming back for more. Again, that's riverbend ranch.com code Megan.


Next level pet people will do anything for their dogs. That means treating them with next level protection from parasites with NexGuard plus a fox aligner, mox, actin, and parental chewable tablets. NexGuard Plus choose Provide one and done monthly protection against fleas, ticks, heartworm disease, roundworms and hookworms. All in a tasty beef flavored chew used with caution in dogs with a history of seizures or neurologic disorders. Dogs should be tested for existing heartworm infection prior to starting a preventive. Ask your vet about Nexgard plus chew


Substance use disorder. And addiction is so isolating. And so as a black woman in recovery, hope must be loud. It grows louder when you ask for help and you're vulnerable. It is the thread that lets You know that no matter what happens, you will be okay. When we learn the power of hope, recovery is possible. Find out how@startwithhope.com. Brought to you by the National Council for Mental Wellbeing, shatterproof and the Ad Council.


Okay, so we talked about Clooney and Finkin, Beyonce and Michelle Obama, but I do have to tell you What happened with his Patty LuPone nutcase. So just for the listening audience, it never gets old. We look for any opportunity to run it because it's just so, so entertaining. I actually went to see this show that she was in on Broadway with my two priest friends, which was super fun. And late at another showing of the, of this play. She had a back and forth with the audience, a q and a after the fact. And it was during, You know, it was well past COVID, but we Broadway made you wear net masks like through 2022. It was crazy. And it was one of those waning days of, You know, the last holders on and their masks, but not Patty LuPone.


She's probably still wearing one. And this happened. Put your mask over your nose. That's why you're in the theater. That is the rule. If you don't wanna follow the rule, get the you, you do not respect the people that are sitting around you. Your salary, you pay your salary. Bullshit. Chris Harper pays my salary. Excuse me, who do you think you are? Do we have Just put your mask over your nose? She's a very angry woman. Very angry. And now Glenn, she's given an interview to the New Yorker in which they write as follows.


They write, she's even angrier at the rest of the country. She told me more than once, says the author that the Trumpified Kennedy Center quote should get blown up. She wants it blown up. And she wants also for the administration to leave New York alone. She wants to make it its own country. And to have Donald Trump come nowhere near it and really, I guess repeatedly is calling for the Kennedy Center to get bombed, which is, You know, potentially problematic. I, I'm not sure this is okay, kind of language for one of Broadway's biggest stars And for like a really good leftist, a liberal who cares so much about human rights and the sanctity of life and all the things good liberal left people care about.


You know, I do think one of the funniest trolls Trump did was take take over the Kennedy Center, only because this is like the most sacrosanct place for Hollywood and for like the New York literary and entertainment scene that, You know, considers Trump to be an utterly despicable heathen who's very presence in one of their halls. You know, degrades it for centuries. And so the fact that he's now in control of the Kennedy Center, obviously he did so with the intention of producing exactly this kind of reaction. But also what you're seeing here is just this idea that like Patty Lone has been like on Broadway for however many decades she lives in Manhattan, she has absolutely zero interaction with 99.9% of the people of the country.


She makes no understanding, no effort to understand why people, even though she hates Donald Trump twice, voted for him to be president, almost did a third time. And this, You know, sort of like New York is its own superior, You know, corridor. And we don't want anything to do with the rest of the country. Just leave New York alone as though it's not part of the United States. Like, sorry, no, Patty, we're not leaving New York alone. It's all part of the United States that gets governed by the people who are elected by Americans, whether you like it or not. But these people are really more ridiculous than anything. By the way, I was, I was thinking since so many people did that she was gonna be another one of the people who had something bad to say about you. So I was a little disappointed. But you hear like the Snideness coming from her Hering else, You everyth her in an interview with George Clooney in the interview with George Clooney.


Yeah, That's true. She's not a That's true. Yeah. On She does. Yeah, yeah, yeah, exactly. So she, she's satisfied. Now on the subject of journalists, George Clooney not a fan of my journalism. Got it. Badge of honor is a fan of Jake Tapper, who he sat with for an interview when this play first came out. And as You know, Tapper has been all over the media over the past two weeks celebrating his discovery broken in this book that Joe Biden had mental acuity problems and that there was a White House effort to cover it up. Newsflash, okay, I don't know if you're up to speed on this, Glen, but that was a thing.


And thanks to Tapper Thompson, we now, we now know about it. This is the ruse that's being played as they go on the book tour. And literally everybody, I honestly not, I'm not treating my own horn, but literally nobody after that interview with me has asked them about their role in covering it up in like their, their complicity. At least I haven't seen it. Maybe I'm wrong, but I haven't seen it. So now this is the latest messaging as they were on, or at least Tapper was PBS's Washington Week. Say again, Steve. Yeah. Oh, both, both On in Stop four on May 23rd. And I think that we need to be skeptical of everything that we are told by people in power.


And I mean, that obviously should be the mantra of, of being a journalist to begin with. If your mother tells you she loves you, get a second source, right? But we just need to remember that like politicians lie, white houses lie, power is an aphrodisiac and we just need to all remember that and not take at face value anything that we're told. Got it. Glenn, I mean, it's helpful to have these refreshers on how you're supposed to treat White House statements. You know, I was the one who flagged that, that that segment, that little clip, only because it happened, I just had to see like Jeffrey Goldberg and Jake Tapper talking about What happened here, knowing they were gonna defend the media knowing it was gonna be the one of the worst things ever.


I guess I was in like a masochistic mood. So I watched it watching a person who's 56 years old who has been in loosely call, call it journalism for 30 years, be asked by Jeffrey Goldberg like, what is the lesson that we're all supposed to take from this? And then he says, as though it's like the most profound insight, we really have to remember that people in power lie. They don't tell us the truth often, and therefore we can't take what they say at face value. If I were to teach a journalism course to like eighth graders, that would be the very first thing I would emphasize on the very first day. Like Jay Chopper just woke up. And of course the reason they're saying this is because they were friends and are friends with all these democratic national security, national na democratic operatives who were lying to them and saying that Biden was fine.


And a lot of them probably did say, oh, these are the good guys like McDonald and Nita Dunn and all these people I've been friends with and who my kids go to school with. And so they do feel like they got Dece because those are the people who they thought were the good ones. But after Iraq, the Iraq War, and the COVID lies, and the Hunter Biden laptop and Russia, how do you just wake up yesterday and say, You know what? I just had this epiphany. It's a really brilliant epiphany. One of the things that's important in journalism is to realize that people in politics lie. Yeah. The other funny thing is, I, You know, I thought, You know, I, I knew, I don't know why Jake Tapper went on your show, had I been part of that price PR crisis firm management firm that he hired, I've never heard of a journalist having to hire a PR crisis firm before, like journalists launching a book have PR crises.


Yeah. Like when launching a book was supposed to be like this, You know, book that uncovered something nobody knew. I'll give him credit for that. Like nobody knew Joe Biden was suffering, suffering cognitive decline until Jake Tapper using shoelace reporting uncovered in this book. But the thing is, You know, it's so interesting. I had been bashing Joe Jake Tapper for a long time, starting from when this book came out. And he got that PR crisis firm to like try and plan a bunch of negative stories and hit pieces on me as a result. And a couple of the, You know, the crappy like Daily Beast and Huffington Post did it, You know, who cares? But like the New York Post got it as well. They called me and they talked to me about it, then they realized it was nothing. So at first he was like in a very defiant defensive posture by the time he got to your interview.


And this is, I know, because this is the sort of thing that PR crisis firms tell you to do. He kept using this phrase with you, this like mantra that, You know, he didn't believe, which Is I humility, Look, I look back on my coverage with some humility. Yeah. This is the kind of thing that they tell you to say so that you seem like you're taking accountability for yourself, even though you're absolutely not. Like what does that mean? I look back on some of my coverage with humility, you were the one who helped lead the coverup that you're now pretending and making millions of dollars off of exposing. It's a huge scandal. And like I look back on some of my coverage with humility, which he said to you like 10 times in this very like, yep, faux, sad, reflective way is not an adequate response. No.


And, and it's, it's meaningless and it's not a good, it's, it, it, you can tell it's PR tested and that it was co come up with by something other than Jake. That's the problem. Because that's why it didn't resonate. You know, that's why he couldn't sell it. Somebody who's genuinely contrite would sound very different. They'd say, I'm really embarrassed. I'm deeply embarrassed. And I've looked back on the coverage and realized it was my partisan stripes. I do think Trump is a threat. And I was, if I'm honest, rooting for Joe Biden. And I think that colored my willingness to engage these attacks. That's the truth. And that would've Been a valuable book that would've been a, like a respectable book because that, that, that you want people to do that, right?


Like, I got something really wrong. I I got, I got my job really wrong. I believe something that was false. I convinced people of things that weren't true. And now I'm writing a book to try and understand why that happened to me in so many people in media. That would be an interesting book if it were truly honest and like self-reflective and self-critical. Of course they, they sold this book as Jake Tapper breaking one of the biggest stories in decades of journalism, more than the student story and Watergate, whatever else. Like he revealed to us something that nobody knew except 85% of the American people that Joe Biden, when he was president, was in cognitive decline. Thank you so much Jake Tapper for letting us know that, especially since you have to come to terms with what the fact that you are, one of the people hiding that They're all playing along with it.


All these left wing journalists are like, ah, oh my God, You know, like now I see what was done to us by the Biden White. I was like, would you stop? They're The victims. Certain male, a certain male gesture comes to mind when I watch this. It's like, oh Yeah, they, they're, they're rewriting history to be the victims. Go ahead. I'm sorry. Yes. So I should say Stephen A. Smith, he did challenge them on complicity. So right on Stephen a and here's the latest messaging on Stephen a's podcast of from Tapper on when the light bulb began to go off Glen, With the exception of the Laura Trump interview almost five years ago, I, I didn't do that once.


It became, You know, when you get new information, most sane, rational people absorb it. And if it goes against what they thought before they change their mind. And I began changing my mind about President Biden and his acuity, I'd say around 2023. 2023, okay. Weirdly, it was not brought up at the debate that Jake Tapper hosted, that was post 2023. We look back, did not see the long segments devoted to the failing mental acuity on Jake's show. We did look back and find plenty of coverage of Trump walking down that ramp in a way that looked unsteady and how weirdly he was holding his water glass And he had Dr.


Sanjay Gupta on to talk about the possible infirmity as a result of that. I, that didn't happen in 2023 after the light bulb went off, or in 2024 or when he was at the debate. It's, this is, I'm sorry, with all due respect, this is total revisionist history. He knew, they all knew they chose not to cover it or to run cover for Joe Biden because they hate Donald Trump. That's, that's the whole story. Megan, you can go back to 2018. The first time I ever heard people talking about Joe Biden and cognitive decline, and I'm not kidding, and I've written about this before and documented it, democratic party insiders, You know, like the sort of strategist who go to work for campaigns like the real hardcore partisans, they were really worried in 2018 that Joe Biden was gonna win the nomination simply because he was the most well known among democratic voters.


He was by Obama's vice president, seemed like he was next in line. And they knew back then that Joe Biden was already in decline and they were petrified he'd get the nomination and wouldn't be able to withstand the rigors of the campaign. They were the ones who were saying it first. That's where I got it from, aside from my own observations. And then it was only once, You know, that, that's when Cory Booker and, and Julian Castro brought up in the debate, made fun of Biden. 'cause he couldn't remember what he said two seconds ago. They're the ones who spread it. And then once Biden became the last person standing with Bernie Sanders, they all said, this is off limits. This is disgusting. And Jake tapper in that, that the thing that he, I found so, You know, offensive about what Jake Tapper said was when Laura Trump said very innocuously like, I watched Joe Biden, I'm just kind of rooting for him to get the words out.


He didn't just tell her she was wrong. He went And he accused her of creating a bullying atmosphere for children with stutters. Yeah. He was still on that stuttering thing. You brought that up with him. And he said, I called Laura Trump and and privately apologized to her. Why didn't he apologize on the air? That's where he accused her of creating a bullying atmosphere for stutters. That's what for kids with stutters and let's Be honest. And so he, he only, I, I'm sorry, but the, the only reason he called and apologized to her is because he knew he was going on a press tour. That's, I'm I firmly believe that it just came out. I mean, it was obvious when he said, I called her a month months ago. Okay. He, he signed the contract for this book right after the election. So this thing is, was rushed to press. That would've been November of 2024. And here we are about six months later.


And okay, so when, when exactly did he call her? Well, we just found out when exactly he called her because Laura Trump went on with Laura Ingram on Tuesday night. Listen to SAT six. Jake Tapper called me about two months ago, actually, and two months ago he said, I have this book coming out and I know everybody's saying that I should apologize to you. I plan whenever the book comes out to go on tv and I will say, you were right and I was wrong. And I, I guess to Jake's credit, he did that. Did He actually call you or was the on air dramatic apology? Was that it? No, he called, well he called me and said that he was going to do this. So then Okay, so but he didn't actually apologize to you in a subsequent phone call.


He said he was going like so convoluted. Yeah, he said It was kind of odd. Something like odd. And then yeah, as people were kind of rib him more, he said, I told you whenever the book comes out, I guess it was May 20th. Yeah. I would come out and say it. I, did he actually say I'm sorry or did he just say, when my book hits, I'm going to say that the right was correct on like, I, I've met now less sure than I was before that an actual apology was issued. But It didn't sound like you're from her. And like again, if you go on the air or in your column or whatever and you accuse somebody of something truly terrible, which is like bullying kids with disabilities, which is what he accused her of. If you do that on the air, you don't call her pub privately and sort of say, Hey, you were right.


You go on the air and you say, I said something terrible. It was completely basis, I apologize to Laura Trump. But the other thing about this is, You know, he's saying that was in 2020, everybody remember during the 2020 election, everyone understood that the thing that saved Joe Biden in that election was COVID, which allowed him to run from his basement. He was only going on very, very, very friendly interviews with like Nicole Wallace who was talking to him. Like the way you talked to your infirmed grandpa, You know, when you go to visit him and you wanna be like super sweet and, and, and this was all known for years. This was not just 2023 and 2024. And I think the big difference here, which is why this is so devastating to media credibility, You know, they did the same line in 2016 with Russiagate the, the same thing in 2020 where they lied about the Hunter Biden laptop to help the Democrats.


But those things are like, people don't have specialized knowledge of, they, they, You know, most Americans here, you don't need Jake Tapper to tell you Joe Biden's in cognitive decline piece. Most Americans have had that experience with grandparents or parents or siblings or neighbors or whatever, and they see it themselves. And to watch the media continuously vehemently not just deny what they were seeing, but attacking anybody who was bringing it up and go watch the, the interview that, that Jake Tapper did with Dean Phillips when he said he was running because of this. Oh, right. Jake Tapper mauled him aggressively. Was it Everyone Hates you was 24. Everyone hates you. Everyone hates you. I'm hearing like this the most vicious things about your character that you're, And you know, he, and then he would like have a bunch of Democrats on, he would ask them, have you ever seen Joe Biden in any, any kind of odd state?


And they would, they, You know, they would always say no. So he, he was absolutely perpetrating this narrative and it goes all the way back to 2020. And that's the other thing they're trying to revise that it only started in 2023. Mm I know it's not true. And here's the other pivot that they're trying to do. Both of them, I mean, I'll ask the audience 'cause they watch this interview when Tapin Thompson came on. Does, do you notice a difference in how Alex Thompson sounds as he was on our show versus when he gets in front of a left wing audience on M-S-N-B-C? Listen to this sought too, While we didn't know that much about Joe Biden's health, we, we know even less about Donald Trump's health. He was completely untransparent during the 20 23, 20 24 campaign.


He has not been transparent since, and there is no mechanism forcing him or any future president to being transparent about their health. He could be on anything. We, we, we really have no idea. So I think it's like a really vital question. Just hand out those little nuggets. Right. He knows exactly what the horses wanna eat over there Also. Sorry, but like I just read a statistic yesterday that Donald Trump has appeared to answer questions from the media in like lengthy sessions more times in the first five months of his presidency than any president going back like eight decades.


He, he's constantly super transparent, super engaged. I'm honestly shocked at the, the, the energy level that he has. He flies all over the world. He is constantly, You know, extremely active And he speaks every day. And the American people get to hear him. And that was the big difference between Joe Biden was they absolutely hit him. Me had no press conferences, no cabinet meetings, nothing. And everyone knew why. And so to try and make this equivalency like, oh, maybe Trump is also cognitively declined or in way somewhat dill, it's ridiculous because he wants to placate this liberal audience and say, oh, it's not just Biden but maybe Trump too. That is really pathetic. Like, oh, not only he try a lot of things, but not that, Not only does Trump make himself available to virtually anybody often all the time, but he makes his cabinet available to anybody often all the time.


I mean, I jokingly said to my team, I'm like, they keep inviting me to go down to like Podcasters row at the White House and have access to all cabinet secretaries so much. I'm like, I just can't do it guys. I like, I I'm too busy. Like I, I'd love to be down there full-time interviewing every single cabinet secretary, but I, I don't, I can't, I have a family. So, but I say that in jest because it's a lovely opportunity and many are taking it and we see the cabinet secretaries everywhere and it's great. So not only do we have the chance to interview Trump, but we have the chance to interview all of the people in power about whatever we wanna ask. Including how does Trump seem, you could, nothing's off limits with these people Every day.


Not, you're right, it's not just Trump, but like every day Trump comes out and says, I have this new policy, we're working on the Iran deal, we have this new policy in Israel, we're working on Ukraine, we have this tariff thing. And he answers questions every single day directly even from the part of the media that he hates. It's not just like the right way Media that's getting invited to ask easy questions. He goes at it every single day. He does it on Air Force one, he does it in every chance that he has. And they, it is weird in the Biden administration, they also hid the cabinet secretaries. I don know why. Yeah, maybe because they, they didn't wanna have them ask about their relationship with Biden. But all the cabinet secretaries are on the media every day. They're answer, they're, they're asking, You know, they're answering hard questions like I have c in the Trump administration. But the transparency that they're bringing and the level of energy that Trump has and the willingness to confront every single question and explain his policies every day is really quite refreshing.


'cause you've almost never seen that in our lifetime to that extent. So picking up on this new pivot, You know, as the, to Thompson Tapper team switches to, but Trump, Trump representative Seth Molten out of Massachusetts, this is the guy who did the 180 on gender right after they lost the election in November. And then when he got pummeled by his party, he was like, what? Oh, forget all that stuff I said about how unfair it is to see my daughters playing against boys in girls sports. So strong guy, this Seth Molten super strong, he goes on with Martha McCallum on Fox and here's his line, watch this. Are there moments when you say to yourself, I I can't believe that I, we let him be president at that point, be commander in chief?


No, You know, the evidence we have is that he was still making the right decisions as commander in chief. What I do know is that Trump's cabinet, several members of his cabinet had very real discussions about whether he was qualified to be president Jake Sullivan. He didn't recognize Jake Sullivan at one point, but is my point. He didn't recognize you And he supported you. You here's my Biden's cabinet, apparently did not convene those discussions. Unbelievable. He's talking about Trump's cabinet after January 6th in, well, I mean after he lost the election to the date he left office in Trump 1.0 and he's using the fact that the cabinet didn't try to 25th Amendment Biden as evidence that Biden was fit Even though the cabinet barely saw Biden.


But You know, this is, I think this is a really Important thing. I had a meeting for over a year. Sorry, go Ahead. Exactly. But this is important. This is a really important thing that's getting overlooked. So all these Democrats were saying, oh, and they saw Biden, he was fine. We all now know that it's not, there's even stuff in the book that is kind of new, just about like certain, like particular things that Biden couldn't do the things they did to cover up. Yeah, there were times he didn't know where he was. He couldn't follow a train of thought. And yet I was always noticing in 2024 and 23, there were major policy announcement being made all the time. And the question I was always asking was, who's making these policy announcements? Like who's running the executive branch who ran the government for the last like year or year and a half or two years now that everybody admits that Biden couldn't, isn't that like a remarkable scandal for democracy, that secret people in the dark who weren't elected had to assume the presidency by committee or in some other way because Joe Biden couldn't and the Democratic party in the media all conspired to cover it up, to get him a second term for four more years.


That I think is like genuinely disturbing as a question that's really not being delved into enough. That's exactly right. And there really should be accountability for all of them. You know, there's still what we get with Pete Buttigieg is, oh, he's on the short list for the next nominee. Really? Is he, I mean, how is he going to dodge this question or if Kamala Harris, who they're still saying might run again, God help us, although I'm rooting for it, let's be honest, how could she run again? You know, it's like how how's she gonna get past these questions? She, she ran cover for him after that debate. Like, oh, he just had a bad night and went on offense and got angry that Anderson Cooper really pressed her for once on the issue. But Buttigieg, he was all over it. He was definitely at the White House a fair amount and now wants us to believe he had no idea.


Same as he's out there now saying he had no idea about school closures. Wait, I think we have that, I'm looking at my thought list. Yeah, he total revision is history on Pete Buttigieg on school closures. Here's, listen to what he just told Tim Miller on his podcast, 24 Here Pete from today. And you get to talk to Pete from back then or maybe Biden from back then, and you get to give them some advice, give 'em some advice that would maybe prevent us from having this current present. What, what do you think y'all should have done differently? One, for the love of God, figure out a way to get the schools open sooner.


We, we got very new kneejerk about this and the, the costs were not just politically, but but in a profound way. I think for the a generation, the costs were profound and, and I think anybody who was involved, who was by the way obviously doing their best to deal with the crisis that killed Amer million Americans, sure. But I think most people involved would like to be able to have found a way to safely get more schools, more o open more quickly, obviously pay more attention to the border that's real. And that's gonna be something that you can't just like take your time to, to, to deal with even though you spent your entire political lifetime believing that the economy and jobs are the same thing. And if you have lots of jobs, it's a good economy.


And if you have a problem with jobs, it's a bad economy. Remember that prices is just as big a part of the economy. It just hasn't come up much in the last 40 years. Right. Those are some things that'd be with, This is ridiculous, Glen, he, where was he when all of the rest of us were out there calling for them to reopen the schools when kids, poor kids in part in particular were suffering from massive learning loss and it was being reported and was obvious and the kids who needed to get outta the house because there was abuse happening in their homes. And not only did they lose the means of escaping that abuse, but they lost their contact with the first reporters who tend to be teachers.


Where was he? Then we look back, all we could find was one tweet September 7th, 2020, to restore our economy to fully and safely reopen schools to move on with our lives. We have to first get this virus under control. That starts with electing Joe Biden. That's it. His husband Chason went and gave an interview with time in July of 2020 talking about how there's already a flight risk of teachers fleeing the profession. I don't wanna see teachers leaving the profession on gurneys and went on from there. So these two, he and his husband were not out there calling for schools to open, as many of us were very vocally, but now he wants to be like Jake Tapper.


Like I, I understood, You know, now I'm the voice of reason they should have been reopened, said, these are more lies. Yeah. It reminded me of the j Jake Tapper epiphany where he woke up and said, Hey, sometimes governments lie. And, and, and Pete be judge woke up and said, Hey, you can have a lot of jobs, but like if inflation is spiraling outta control, that might be a thing you're supposed to pay attention to. Like, oh really? But the other thing that really angers me about this, Megan, like they should not be able to get away with it wasn't just that they weren't calling for schools to be reopened. There were a lot of people calling for schools to be reopened and those types of people, the Pete Buttigieg is a whole democratic party, the fauci worshipers called the people who were saying that grandma killers killing S teachers grandma, Yeah.


Not caring about the science. Same thing with the border people who were saying, look, we cannot have unraveled immigration into our country. You know what Democrats called them? White nationalists, racist, You know, white supremacists. So you don't get to just wake up and after doing all of that because now you see that in order to win an election, you have to pretend to be on the other side and get to say, yeah, I didn't really give that adequate consideration. Their whole worldview went awry. And they have to grapple with that. And I don't think they're gonna be very credible if they go to the American people and be like, yeah, now we believe in closed borders. We wish we had opened the schools. I why would anyone trust them given that they have no willingness to say, I got this wrong and this is why I got it wrong.


Just like Jake Tapper could have done but didn't when he wrote that book. Okay, so here's more of that. So Reuben Gallego, he's a Democrat out in Arizona, he won over C lake in that run for the Senate seat. Reuben Gallego comes out on the border, border in a new interview with the dispatch. I think the president has done well with securing the border. Let's put a victory on that. And then let's figure out how to, in an organized way, deal with the nine to 12 million people that are here illegally. Let's put a victory on that, Glen. Cool. Good job. Trump. Trump took care of securing the border. That's great. Now we're just gonna move on and we're just gonna forget how the border got opened for four years, letting millions flood in to kill and maim and rape and hook on drugs.


So many innocent Americans. I don't know what I did to you, Megan, but you're showing me like the worst people saying the worst things throughout this entire show. And it's like, I'm trying so hard to endure it, but it's one after the next. No, because like the also remember the Democrats kept saying it's so, You know, this was their big excuse was we would love to help close the border. The problem is that we can't because we need bipartisan legislation to do it. And Trump blocked it in order to get a political advantage in the election. Trump didn't have bipartisan legislation on the border and yet he single-handedly got the border closed. Exactly the way that Republicans were saying Joe Biden could have done with the stroke of a pen had he really wanted to look at how often the things that they're saying like vehemently and loudly and in their media end up being disproven.


And then Ruben Gallego was like, okay, I guess he, he, he accomplished this little trivial thing where he closed the border. Let's move on now to some other debate where we can focus on moving forward. He's also out there because he's an Arizona democrat trying to moderate on the issue of boys in girl sports. In that same interview, he says there are some sports that some of these trans children should not be playing, adding that it should be up to local institutions like school boards or associations to figure out the games and sports where their quote should be separation based on biology. Okay. And then he went on to talk about how the messaging trans kids needs to be super kind. Okay, they're going through this right now in California where Gavin Newsom came out and gave that lip service to Charlie Kirk.


It's unfair. It's unfair. And then when pressed when he was not standing next to Charlie Kirk said, gee, You know, it just affects such a small number of people. I can't really figure out what to do about it. So sorry, I can't figure it, figure it out. That what? I'm not gonna do anything. And now it's really coming to a head in California because here we are Thursday, tomorrow's Friday, and the state championships in track and field for high school is, they're tomorrow, they're tomorrow, or sorry, Saturday. And the den is getting very, very loud, even amongst California liberal parents saying, this boy who says he's a girl should not compete. He's stolen enough medals and blue ribbons and top spots from our girls, he should not compete.


And the the local, like the California Foundation that runs sports has now after Trump issued a very scathing truth social post saying, I'm gonna sick the DOJ on you for not abiding by Title ix, which he now has done. And I'm going to stop it. I'm not gonna let this boy compete. And, and there really are means of doing it if he wants to get serious about it. What he's really trying to do is uphold a federal law that would take precedence over the local quote, human rights laws, which is what California's relying on. And we talked about this with Durst yesterday, but obviously because of the supremacy clause, he does have the right to do that. So in the wake of all that this local board says, oh, two things.


First they just said, we're gonna let girls who didn't get to go to states because of this boy's presence in their preliminaries go, so if they only take the top two and you were, you came in third behind a boy, a girl, and you were the the third place finisher, you can go, you can go compete in states. So okay, that's not gonna fix this, but it's least something. And now they're saying we're gonna have multiple winners in the events. So if there's a boy competing And he takes first, but then a girl will come in second. She also I think takes first they're being kind of cagey about exactly how, but they're saying they'll have more spots on the winners podium for girls and let's just be as generous to them as, as humanly possible saying, okay, so we can both be first, we both are first I'm the first girl and you're the fo the first pretend girl.


And this is supposed to satisfy all these girls because they're in not entitled Glen to have the glorious joy of actually getting the highest score, the glorious joy of actually being the winner, not the co-winner, not the also winner, not the other one on the very top podium, the rightful winner in the girls track and field state finals shit's gonna hit the fan. This is not solved. Your thoughts, You know, I know a lot of people who I think have a, like a good faith belief that trans kids or whatever should be able to participate in the sports of the gender that I identify, whatever.


I'm not one of them, but I know there are people who, who who do believe that obviously there are. The issue though is if you have some social justice movement, you cannot shove advancements or progress that you regard as such down the throats of Amer the American people when they're saying they're 80%, 85% opposed to it across the entire ideological spectrum. You have to just say, okay, now's not the time and we can actually get this maybe down the road we'll convince people, but right now it's an impossible issue. And everybody knows that. The Democrats keep giving Trump this huge gift where he gets to be like the hero who rides in and protects girls sports in a way that most Americans agree with. And it makes the Democrats look bizarre and out of touch. And that's why that ad that Trump ran against comic with so effective, the question then is, are Democrats just dumb?


Like do they wanna just keep pursuing a, a, a policy that only 20% of the people support? 80% are no, the issue is the LGBT lobby is a huge constituent funding base for the Democratic party. Now it is massive and they used to be dispersed, they used to work on like gay marriage issues and discrimination issues. All of that is one. And instead of packing up, they all work on the trans issue. They're very, very well funded. They fund democratic party institution, the candidate to a massive degree. And those groups do not permit democratic politicians or democratic candidates to take what is the obviously politically astute thing to say and say, Leo trans adults deserve respect, but we're not at the point. We can let these people participate and, and these interest groups in the Democratic party are gonna absolutely destroy them because this is an issue people feel strongly about and they've said it over and over and they've proven it over and over.


I, I gotta tell you, there was a teacher at my daughter's school who chose the wrong child to mislead because another girl asked this teacher about the issue of boys playing in girls sports. My daughter was standing right next to her And he told them there are only like 10 of them. I don't know why this is even an issue, right? This is a man who I believe is in his sixties telling two 14-year-old girls, it's a non-issue. He he will never have to endanger himself. My daughter's a soccer player, she's not in track and field. There actually is danger to her actual danger. The girls who are in field hockey, the girls who are in rugby, the girls who are in ice hockey, the girls who are in baseball, you could go down all the, the, the team sports, first of all can never be addressed the way this fake bandaid is trying to address the track and field athletes out in California.


You, you are in danger playing against a biological boy. Ask those girls in Lowell, Massachusetts, three of whom got hurt and they had to call the game because they were getting hurt and over and over and over by this guy. In any event, it's a line, it's a lie based on the John Oliver monologue, which pulled this line from the NCAA president who said, I only know of 10 out trans people competing in NCAA sports. But I just wanna tell you something, okay? I want the audience to understand this out sports, which is a pro L-G-B-T-Q organization out sports says in, its in an a recent article that they have been that there have been well over 40 out trans athletes competing in college sports.


And they go on to say quote out sports knows that there are countless other trans athletes who have competed at the collegiate levels who have not been publicly out. And then they give many, many examples. They go on to say three of these trans people have won national championships. And as for high schoolers, which is what we're looking at in California and what my daughter's about to go into middle school now high schoolers, the UCLA School of Law put out these estimates in just February, a few months ago, February of 2025 quoting, we estimate there are as many as 122,000 transgender youth between the ages of 13 and 17 who could be participating in high school level team athletics.


Right now, 122,000, not 10. And this is not just a California problem, it's not just a Lowell Massachusetts problem, it's a nationwide problem. And these democrats like Ruben Gallego better get on the right side. And unlike Seth Molton stay there or they're going to get voted right out of office. Totally. I mean Trump just demonstrated that it has a huge political punch. And again, I don't even necessarily think it's because people know these statistics of how many trans athletes there are. It has all kinds of other implications. Like if you believe that trans girls should be able to participate in girls' sports in high school, it has all those other implications for them.


The minute a prisoner says I'm a trans woman, they get put into facilities with women prisoners. So there's a lot of safety issues, but more than safety issues, it's just a thing that Americans aren't ready to accept. They're not ready to endorse this gender ideology that's extremely radical and new. They don't understand it, they don't believe in it, they're concerned by it, they're alarmed by it. And this idea that you're gonna force it down their throats and not care about how often they keep telling you that they don't want it, and not only don't they want it, but that they're willing to vote on it. And because it is a proxy to make it seem like democrats ha You know, the, the the, the perception of Democrats is they don't care what most Americans think. They think they know better. And this is such a perfect proxy for showing that, that Democrats keep ignoring the fact that 80% of the public doesn't want any of these things because they think they know better and they're just out of touch with the things Americans care about.


They're, it's politically it's political poison, but I'm telling you it's because of these interest groups that keep demanding it. Yeah. And always like volleyball, field hockey, basketball, like it doesn't work to just say everyone gets a trophy. There are actual safety issues in most sports, we, we talk about swimming, we talk about track because there the issue isn't safety, it's fairness and that's equally important. But in most sports, both of these issues are at play. And you cannot solve for safety by giving out multiple podium spots or medals. Glen stays with us, we take a break, don't go away.


You were on top of your bills and then inflation hit groceries, gas, everything shot up. Prices are up 26% from just a few years ago. 26% let me share a smarter, faster, far easier way out of debt. It's called Done with Debt. And they're not like other debt relief companies. They don't push loans or bankruptcy on you Done with Debt. They have negotiators who go head to head with your credit card and load companies. They have one goal to drastically reduce or eliminate your debt altogether. And unlike others, Done with Debt can move lightning fast. Most clients need more money in their pocket month one. But a word to the wise hurry because some of their brilliant debt erasing strategies are time sensitive. Do not make another bill payment until you speak with a Done with Debt strategist. It's free visit Done with Debt dot com. That's Done with Debt dot com. Done with Debt dot com.


This is Jimmy Johnson, host of Never Settle and SiriusXM podcast network. I wanted to share with you that all summer long my co-host Marty Smith and I will be chatting with some of our most successful friends. We wanna share that 2.0 moment, that transitional moment that happens in all wives. In addition to, You know, some of the different things that take place during the week from my career and my journey in life. And also what Marty has going on as well. Check out, never settle today on SiriusXM app or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't forget to follow the show so you never miss an episode.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck small business loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota all loans and amounts subject to lender approval Lend


Just because I don't feel you've gotten enough annoying people sound bites to react to. I bring you Kamala Harris more for I do the cherry on the Cake. She's represented by CAA who is clearly having trouble getting her bookings because she's over in Australia giving a speech to a real estate convention, which I have been represented by CAA, let me tell you, this is not the highbrow booking. Okay? No offense to my Aussie real estate friends, but this, I'm sure Kamala Harris was hoping for something a little more prestigious and in the US she's not getting it 'cause no one wants to pay for her of course, because she's not.


She's just says nothing. She's one big walking air sandwich. So she goes over there and what's interesting is, I guess she forgot that there's a camera on her because we are familiar with these lines, but maybe the Aussies aren't and she rolls out this old Chestnut Glen, which we heard from her so many times during the campaign. Here it is in so 22, I don't hear no I eat no for breakfast. I don't hear no until maybe the 10th time. I cannot tell you that many times that it has been explicitly or explicitly says to me, it's not your time, you're not ready.


They're not ready. Nobody like you has done this and then one out above, oh, it's gonna be a lot of hard work, don't you listen, I eat no for breakfast you lost by 2.3 million votes and you lost every single swing state. It was a hard no and you did take it because you had no alternative. She doesn't eat no for breakfast, no ate her lunch. It's amazing. She was also a national oping stock because of her complete lack of political skill or ability including being forced out the drop drop out of the 2020 20 race before a single vote was cast. And she had absolutely no idea what she was talking about on anything other than law and prosecutions.


But also, You know, there was a, there were articles recently about Joe Biden's difficulty in having that pro post presidential, You know, suck up of, of millions of dollars because they go speak to think tank groups or investment banks or get paid massive amounts for speeches. Nobody that wants to hear Joe Biden speak because everyone knows his brain is melting, but also because he has this stench of defeat and scandal. Yeah. And ness. And no one really wanted to hear Biden before. Same with Kamala Harris. She was, I mean the, the me the way the media pretended for about two months that she was some cultural phenomenon that the entire country was coalescing around because they were so excited by her dynamism and charisma was one of the funniest things I've ever seen.


And what would Kamala Harris have to say about anything? And also I don't you think it's odd that the last two or three weeks of her presidency was devoted to the idea that Trump really was a fascist, really was Hitler really was coming to dismantle democracy. He then wins, gets into office and she just disappears. Yeah. Like she has as a citizen of the United States, she not Hitlers in there using her pla Yeah, she's going to like Broadway shows. And then that weird real, wouldn't you be so embarrassed to go give a paid speech to real estate interest in Australia? Because everybody would know that that's the only people who are willing to have you. Right. That's the problem is like, You know, it'd be one thing if that were like the heels of a 10 city tour and like, okay, she wanted to see Australia.


But this is something else entirely. I I I assume this was not, not a Freudian slip, but you said during the last few weeks of her presidency, and I gotta shiver down my of our campaign, Spine campaign. Yes. I'm sorry for to alarm people in case they thought it was aware of a history that wasn't real. No unnecessary bile came up there. Glen, let me give you one more 'cause this is another one of her favorites. Okay, back on the topic of, well you'll hear sa 21, Part of the key to our survival is that we are adaptable, but we are also ambitious. Oh God, I applaud ambition. I applaud ambition. I think She's drunk again To reach, but not without also understanding that in so doing one must do the hard work.


Oh God, One must understand the context in which they exist. One must be respectful. It's the same, it's the same plum. A ambition, aspirations and dreams and hard work, the context in which you exist. She's got no other tools in her arsenal. She has a SA single small set of words and only those words can ever be used in any public setting. Glen, I'm not saying this for a fact. Like I would honestly pay not to hear that speech more readily than I would pay to hear it. You know, the thing that I just realized, and I've realized it before, but it came, came to me in this like very specific way with that really particularly like just grading clip.


She talks in like with the, the, the kind of superficial wisdom of like a very basic self-help book. Like the kind of paperback that you pick up about how to like, You know, sees the future or whatever. And they're very simplistic ideas, but she says them as though they're the most profound philosophical revelations and the, the, the the, the like incompatibility of the way she delivers it as though she's so thoughtful and perceptive and brilliant. Yes. Combined with the utter idiocy and simplicity of what she's telling you. Like it's like a sixth grade lecture on like believing in yourself and nothing more. That's true. Other than like these drunk aside that are sometimes annoying. It's one of the worst things to have to sit and listen to and endure.


I'd rather watch Michelle Obama's podcast, right? I, I can't remember what show or movie it was, but they were mocking like the self-help industry and there the some character had just read a book or written one called into Me see. Right? Like Into Me. See that's Kamala Harris. Yeah, I bet she would buy such a book and then repeat. Its musings as though they were her own and true profundities. Alright, standby. We're gonna keep Glenn for a few extra minutes because we have to get into what Dan Bonino, deputy director at the FBI now said to Fox about Jeffrey Epstein and a couple of other key investigations that the FBI just renewed, standby for that


Grand Canyon University, a private Christian university in beautiful Phoenix, Arizona believes that we are endowed by our creator with certain unalienable rights to life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. GCU believes in equal opportunity and that the American dream starts with purpose. By honoring your career calling you can impact your family, friends, and your community. Change the world for good by putting others before yourself. Whether your pursuit involves a bachelor's, master's, or doctoral degree, GCU online, on campus and hybrid learning environments are designed to help you achieve your unique academic, personal, and professional goals. With over 340 academic programs, as of September, 2024, GCU meets you where you are and provides a path to help you fulfill your dreams. The pursuit to serve others is yours. Let it flourish. Find your purpose at Grand Canyon University, private, Christian, affordable. Visit GCU dot edu.


This is Jimmy Johnson, host of Never Settle on SiriusXM Podcast Network. I wanted to share with you that all summer long my co-host Marty Smith and I will be chatting with some of our most successful friends. We wanna share that 2.0 moment, the transitional moment that happens in all lives. In addition to, You know, some of the different things that take place during the week from my career and my journey in life, and also what Marty has going on as well. Check out, never settle today on SiriusXM app or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't forget to follow the show so you never miss an episode.


Building a business may feel like a big jump, but OnDeck Small Business Loans can help keep you afloat with lines of credit up to $100,000 in term loans up to 250,000. OnDeck lets you choose the loan that's right for your business. As a top rated online, small business lender, OnDeck's team of loan advisors can help you find the right business loan to fit your needs. Visit ondeck.com for more information. Depending on certain loan attributes, your business loan may be issued by OnDeck or Celtic Bank. OnDeck does not lend in North Dakota. All loans and amounts subject to lender approval.


I'm Megan Kelly, host of The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal, and cultural figures today. You can catch The Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly Megan Kelly, you can stream The Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport, comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer details apply.


So I've gotta ask you about what, what is happening at the FBI? Okay, because the, this audience knows, I, I do not have a conspiratorial bone in my body. I truly don't like, I I reject virtually all of them. I just, I just don't, I'm just not like minded toward believing in virtually any of them. Probably too much though, to be honest. But this one, this is weird. Something weird is happening at the FBI or so it would seem so, cash Patel sat down with Brett Bear for special report last night, meaning Wednesday evening, and they got into a bit of like, what's happening with the Epstein files? Where are they? Listen to this. There are The Epstein thing you dealt with Maria, you said, as far as You know, he killed Himself.


I'm telling you, he killed himself. The other thing on the internet is the Epstein files. What's the answer to that? The answer to that is the same as everything else. I'm not going to withhold information from the American public ever, but I'm also not going to rush to get it out there in a format in which they can't rely on it. So on the Epstein matter or any other matters, we are diligently working on that. And it takes time to go through years of investigations, years of political maneuvering, and years of coverup to get the American people what they deserve. And that's what I'm gonna give them on everything. Yeah. Hmm. Okay.


So that's him talking about Epstein. He said he believes Epstein committed suicide and that they're, they're going through the files to make sure we get everything. This of course comes on the heels of Pam Bondi calling all these influencers to the White House and giving them files saying this is everything. Only to find out that everything in those files was already publicly released and there was absolutely nothing new in them. Okay? Then she said the FBI's got documents we didn't know about, so we're gonna get to the bottom of them. This is months ago. And now he says they're going through them. Mm. I mean, it's been a while. I'm not sure. Okay. I don't, I'm not saying he's lying. I just don't know what's happening here. I haven't figured it out. So Dan Bonino goes on Fox and Friends, and here he is talking about Epstein.


So 12, There is nothing in the file at this point on the Epstein case, and there's gonna be a disclosure on this coming shortly. We are working through some, there is video that is something the public does not do. There's a video of him killing himself. No, no, not not the actual act, but there, the, the entire MC Bay, it was only one camera. There were other, there's video that when you look at the video and we will release, that's what's taken a while on this. We are working on cleaning it up to make sure you have an enhanced right and we're gonna give the original. So you don't think there were any shenanigans? You're gonna see there's no one there but him. Right? There's just nobody there. So I say to people all the time, if you have a tip, let us know.


But there's no DNA, there's no audio, there's no fingerprints, there's no suspects, there's no accomplices, there's no tips, there is nothing. If you have it, I'm happy to see it. There's video clear as day. He's the only person in there and the only person coming out, you can see it. All right, Glenn, what's happening? 'cause it, it doesn't take that long to clean up quote cleanup, surveillance video from one camera of one cell. Like, I'm not sure what's happening here. I trust Dan, I don't know cash as well, but I trust Dan, but I, I'm not sure we're getting the straight scoop. Well I think that's the key context is that the two people kind of being out front on this are Dan Bino and Cash Patel, who over the last four years is kind of pundits and guests on podcasts and the like, have been among the most popular people in the MAGA movement, the most trusted people on the MAGA movement and also the most militant when it came to the Epstein files.


You can find tape of both of them, especially Cash Patel saying it is an outrage that we don't have these files. The FBI director could release them today. What is he hiding? So that created an expectation that when Cash Patel and Danino got into that exact office, FBI director, deputy director, that they would then rectify what they had been so vociferously complaining about here we are five months later and we don't actually have anything. The second thing is, I'm not somebody who really aggressively doubted that Jeffrey Epstein killed himself. I could see somebody who lived a, a life of luxury and, and, And you know, living the high life facing certain life in prison and deciding it's not worth it and trying to kill themselves.


I don't really understand why people killed themselves in a federal prison, but it's happened before. But if, if they have proof that he killed himself, why don't they release it? That was the whole idea of transparency and okay, if there's a video that needs work, how about the documents in the file they said they seen. But here's the biggest issue making with the Epstein file. The question that has always hovered over the Jeffrey Epstein case was he got that sweetheart deal back in 2010 for trafficking minors for prostitution from Alex Acosta. He barely went to prison, got like a sweetheart deal and Alex Acosta said afterward I was told he was intelligence and therefore to leave him alone. So the real question aside from like, are there people who participated with Jeffrey Epstein that we haven't heard of yet, and I'm not sure of that.


We've had a lot of client list released, like, are was Jeffrey Epstein working with or for foreign intelligence agencies or domestic intelligence agencies? And if they have a thousand or 5,000 videos of Jeffrey Epstein having sex with minors, feel free to go watch those. That's not what people are interested in them. Why can't they first release those documents? Documents about who else to whom he sex trafficked children, given that nobody has been charged with receiving the sex trafficking only Epstein with the sex trafficking. Those are the kinds of things that I don't think we're getting very persuasive answers from. And Pam Bondy's excuse, oh, we have all these sex tapes to go through that's not relevant to either of those questions.


Go through those sex tape over years, but in the meantime, give us these relevant documents that you promised very vocally that when you got into power you would give us, It's starting to smell for sure. Like yep. When they, they both gave a joint interview, Dan and Cash, and they were like, no, he, he committed suicide. They, they looked like hostages it. They just, and they, they have the disadvantage of us having heard countless hours of Dan in particular speaking extemporaneously and from the heart. And he is an honest guy, but there's certain limits to how honest you can be when you're holding these positions. And I had the same reaction that a lot of people had, which is he looks like he's not being fully transparent.


What do they know that they don't want us to know? And this is the best theory I've heard, what you just espoused, that it's something having to do with Jeffrey Epstein's ties to intelligence and that would be something they'd have to keep covered potentially. And they don't, they, they can't say it, they can't be transparent. Well it's, so we Should know though. They'd like to be, They would, yes, they would keep it covered, but it's something we should absolutely know. And I think that absolutely. But they won't tell that exactly. What if he's our asset, right? If he's our, if he's our asset, like they're not gonna run around saying he was our asset Or an Ally's asset or we should just know that is a, I mean Jeffrey Epstein committed some of the most grotesque crimes involving huge numbers of American elites over many years. We should know the answer to that question.


Was this an intelligence operation at the beginning or at some point in the middle? And they have those answers and we don't. Okay, now here's the second point on the subject of the pipe bombs, which they announced earlier this week. They're gonna reopen the investigation into who put a pipe bomb at the DNC offices and also at the RNC offices. And Kamala Harris' motorcade drove right by the one. So Cash Patel first on that, do we have a, so now stop 45 Does the FBI know who it is. The FBI under me and Dan Bono's leadership has reestablished that investigations of great public importance that almost blew up the DNC and RNC in Washington DC an area in which then Vice President Harris was in the vicinity of, is something that needs to be answered.


And we learned that FBI leadership in the prior administration slow rolled and basically shut that investigation off. So we turned it on and we have some great leads and Dan is actually gonna talk about that when he does Fox and Friends tomorrow. Okay. You don't wanna give us a little something I can't get ahead of everybody. All right. All right. So the pipe bombs are also suspicious because they were placed on January 5th at the DNC in the RNC eight we believe, and discovered the next day, January 6th in the afternoon. And now here we are, I mean four plus four and a half years later and we don't have a suspect.


And the question there was like, what, what's going on? Why don't we don't, we don't have a suspect on that. Like a bomb that almost took out the vice president, like seems like something we'd have an all hands on deck situation on under Biden and then under Trump, but we didn't. And so then we look forward to Dan Bonino going on Fox and Friends this morning 'cause Cash Patel's the one who teed him up. Like, Dan's gonna have more news on that tomorrow. And we didn't cut this out because it was so unfulfilling. I'll just tell you what he said. They, he was asked exactly, You know, hey heard there's a major break, what's the news quote? We got a good tip this morning, we're gonna run it out. We're not gonna be able to make that public obviously right away 'cause we have to make sure, You know, we have to go through all the proper steps, which means there is no news, which means cash Patel was just trying to bounce past it to Dan so he could get off of the hot seat.


Which makes perfect sense because he looked visibly uncomfortable answering that question. And in the beginning of the question, can we just tee it up because when I heard it the first time I thought there's, he dodged, he got outta bounds at the beginning of that question and then he kind of started a filibuster with filler and then landed it with a bounce pass to Dan. Can we just ReRack it and watch the beginning of that again? Does the FBI know who it is, The FBI under me and Dan Bono's leadership has reestablished that investigations of great public importance that almost blew up the DNC and RNC in Washington DC an area in which then Vice President Harris was in the vicinity of filler is something that needs to be answered. And we learned that's it.


That FBI, Okay, it's something that needs to be answered. He that I, no offense to Cash Patel, but that does not sound like a truth teller to me at all. Truth tellers run toward the truth. Yes, we know. No, we don't know. They don't look up and give you general statements about the FBI and general investigatory measures. Something's going on here with the pipe bomb thing and now Dan Bonino gets on Foxing friends and says that filler empty stuff which didn't advance the ball at all. Yeah, exactly. And you notice the passive phrasing there too. KS Patel said this is a question that needs to be answered. Like the ones who are answering it are, are you and the FBI now?


Yeah, I'll say yeah. Like it needs to be answered. Yeah, yeah. By you. Now I would say in their defense that I, You know, am somewhat sympathetic to the idea that these are gigantic agencies. The FBI is sprawling with files, a lot of the other people involved in this might take some time to get in, hire your staff, whatever, figure things out and then, You know, on an investigation like this, make some progress. And, and it might take a little time, but this is not what they were saying over the last four years. And I, You know, I, what bothers me is the lack of, of of, of candor as you were just saying. Especially given how much trust they cultivated in people talking about these issues. Like you should say, here are the leads we have, we haven't followed up on them, we still don't have this evidence.


We think we're gonna have it shortly. Here's why we don't have it. You know, this world that they're in and all of these things that happen like the, the pipe bobber and the Epstein thing. This is a very dark world where like the dark arts are practiced. And I know you're saying you don't believe conspiracy theories is, You know, this is, You know, pretty basic about how the US security state functions and people who get into office, even at high offices, face a lot of pushback from very powerful factions who don't want things revealed that they had set out to reveal. And no matter how honest you are, no matter how strong you are, like Dan Bonino I think is it it, once you get into those positions at that level and you're playing that high of a game, there's a lot of other players involved who are doing things to make you nervous, to make you intimidated, to make you scared or just overruling you.


And that to me is how they seem like they know they're, they're not telling their supporters what they wanna hear or explaining why they can't. And so it seems like there's other things going on that they're bothered by almost a little alarmed about and yet not willing to explain. And that's I think why everybody be feeling you're getting And they definitely have the disadvantage. A lot of people know K Patel very well and have listened to him on podcasts endlessly. I'm not one of them, but I know Dan very well. And so it's a disadvantage to Dan because we know how Dan speaks. He, there's no one more Frank, there's no one more direct. So to hear him, You know, try to do the dance a little is like my Spidey senses are up.


I love the guy. But exactly, something's going on there. There's more news is coming. Or last one, Dan had the following exchange this morning on Fox and Friends about, well I'll let it play out. Just watch it. So 11, We were there a couple of weeks and luckily there were a lot of people up there who grabbed us by the arm the minute we came in and said, thank you for being here. You know, we need to talk. There are people there who are really horrified at What happened. And there was a room and we found stuff, a lot of stuff, a hidden room, I wouldn't call it hidden, but hidden from us at least and not mentioned to us. And then we found stuff in there and a lot of it's from the Comey era and we are working our, our damnedest right now to declassify.


And just so You know, 'cause I, I get the public, I totally understand people saying well do it now there the process is not all the information is ours to declassify some as other intelligence agencies. It's not we, we literally can't do it. Once that gets done and that gets out there and you read some of the stuff we found that by the way was not processed through the normal procedure, digitizing it, putting in FBI records, right? We found it in bags hiding under Jim Calley's really quickly. Yeah, you're gonna be stunned the Shells, you're gonna be stunned. He said, now that's interesting Glen, I believe him that he's not, I think he said stuff because he can't describe classified documents in a way that wouldn't be problematic. So he's trying to be careful about not revealing something he's not at liberty to reveal there too.


But very interesting that James Comey's FBI seems to have been actively hiding some sort of important documents. It pretty carelessly as well. We know James Comey's, FBI engaged in all kinds of massive wrongdoing, ended up disseminating complete falsehoods to interfere in the election, did everything they could to sabotage the Trump campaign even though it's the great gravest abuse of the FBI's power to interfere politically and domestic politics. I'm not surprised. There's all sorts of things hidden and I do think it's gonna take them some time to, to find them out. But I guess the problem again I'm having is that this is not an excuse they accepted from other people who had been in office in these offices promising to get to the bottom of these investigations when they were banging on the tables demanding, be released immediately.


And I think they need to do a better job of reconciling that. Like why they suddenly sound like the very people they spent the last four years bashing. Yeah, maybe there's good reasons, but they are, I think they owe an explanation given how blatant this 180 is in terms of how they're speaking and what they're saying. There is more to this story that happened late. I think we, we both can say and we'll continue to follow it. You gotta watch System Update with Glen on Rumble. Always a pleasure my friend. Thanks for being here. Always. So good to see you Megan. Thanks so much. Okay. And I wanna tell the audience that we didn't get to the updates on the Diddy trial and there are a lot of them as this former assistant to Diddy, yet another takes the stand and testifies at length and then this third alleged woman who is claim that the prosecution is claiming he abused.


We're gonna get to all it all in a deep dive on tomorrow's am update, which is doing very well. So thanks to all of you who do listen to that and I hope you enjoy tomorrow's 'cause. We're gonna bring you all the very latest, we'll talk to you then. Thanks for listening. Thanks for listening to The Megyn Kelly Show. No BS, No agenda And no fear.


Securing a home with SimpliSafe is one of the easiest and most important decisions. Arming the system ensures that your family and possessions are protected. Whether stepping out for the day or settling in for the night, this small action delivers something priceless. Peace of mind. SimpliSafe provides protection in a crisis with SimpliSafe. Millions of Americans enjoy the new standard in home security and greater peace of mind every time they arm their system. When heading out in the morning or when locking up at night, if someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously those agents see and talk to them in real time. They activate spotlights. Can you imagine? And even contact the cops all before they have the chance to get inside your home. No long-term contracts or cancellation fees. Monitoring plans. Start affordably at around $1 a day, 60 day satisfaction guarantee or your money back. Visit SimpliSafe dot com slash megan to claim 50% off a new system with a professional monitoring plan and get your first month free. That's SimpliSafe dot com slash megan. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


I'm Katie Nolan and I have a new podcast called Casuals. It's a podcast for people who like sports, A normal amount. Casuals is a twice a week. Hang with me and my friends from across comedy, sports and entertainment where we talk about all the funny, weird, interesting stuff happening in and around the world of sports. So whether you're a diehard fan or just vaguely sports Curious Casuals is the podcast for you. You can find casuals on the SiriusXM app, Pandora, or wherever you get your podcasts. And don't forget to follow the show so you never miss an episode. Give it a try. What's the worst that could happen?


Friday's just got competitive. Join High five Casino happy hour on Friday from five to 9:00 PM Eastern time and go head-to-head in the ultimate slot showdown. Play a curated lineup of exhilarating games from your favorite provider. The best titles, one event, big bragging rights, climb the leaderboard and compete for up to 10,000. Sc think you've got what it takes to be high fives. Best. Log in during happy hour and spend your way to the top high five casino.com. No purchase necessary void. We prohibited by law. Must be 21 years or older terms and conditions apply.