
Good morning everyone. I'm Megan Kelly. It's Monday, April 14th, 2025, and this is your AM Update. People are coming to town with great, great offers. Foreign leaders are lining up to renegotiate trade deals with President Trump's economic team. It Was, it's a great honor to have that kind of ovation, really, because it says we're doing a good job. President Trump gets a standing ovation and a lot of love from celebrities at A UFC event in Miami. As Senator Bernie Sanders draws record crowds with a OC in California and the results of President Trump's annual physical are in all that and more coming up in just a moment on your AM Update.


So many people these days are focusing on getting healthy and speaking of health, let me tell you about Jacob. And Kristen, the founders of We Heart Nutrition. They're raising five kids while running a company that's helping hardworking Americans live the American dream. We Heart Nutrition makes high quality research backed supplements for women and men at every stage of life helping you stay strong, energized, and hitting your wellness goals. But this is not just another supplement company. They are proudly pro-life. Donating 10% of every sale to pregnancy care centers, supporting moms and babies in need. They have over 1005 star reviews from real people seeing real results. Go to We Heart Nutrition dot com and take their quick 22nd quiz to get your personalized supplement subscription recommendation delivered right to your door each month. And right now they're giving you 20% off your first order with the code Megan, invest in your health and Go to We Heart Nutrition dot com. Use the code Megan to get 20% off. That's We Heart Nutrition dot com code. Megan


Countries all over the world lining up to renegotiate trade deals with the Trump administration. Later today, the European Trade Commissioner set to hold talks with White House officials, the EU initially responding to President Trump's Liberation Day tariff plan with retaliatory measures of their own later paused in return for a 90 day renegotiation window. Italian Prime Minister Georgia Maloney also set to visit the White House on Friday to discuss trade policy Director of the National Economic Council, Kevin Hassett telling CNN The White House is negotiating with more than 130 countries. Vice President JD Vance is expected to visit India next week. A diplomatic outreach as trade negotiators work out a new deal with Indian counterparts on Friday, the White House exempting some Chinese electronics from the 145% tariff rate, which many in the tech world celebrated.


But Commerce Secretary Howard Lutnick warned that some items like semiconductors will be facing new tariffs within the next two months. Mr. Lutnick explained that the levies are needed to encourage us production of these chips, which are currently made mostly in East Asia. Those products are going to be part of the semiconductor sectoral tariffs, which are coming. So you're going to see this week, there'll be a register in the federal registry. There'll be a a a notice put out that is different types of work. So we're going to do that. We did that in autos. The president's gonna do it for pharmaceuticals And it is gonna do it for semiconductors.


So all those products are gonna come under semiconductors and they're gonna have a special focus type of tariff to make sure that those products get reassured. We need to have semiconductors, we need to have chips, and we need to have flat panels. We need to have these things made in America. We can't be reliant on Southeast Asia. Senior counselor to the President Peter Navarro on NBC. Breaking it down further, When we have a flood of imports being dumped into certain key strategic sectors, steel, aluminum, chips, pharmaceuticals. As we learned during covid, we have to take specific actions. So what we're doing with chips. The problem interestingly for chips 'cause it's very complex stuff, is that we don't buy a lot of chips like in bags.


We buy 'em in products. So what Secretary of Commerce Howard Lutnick is going to do is doing it as we speak, is an investigation of the chip supply chain. The goal is stability and resilience, and you will see actions taken based on those investigations. On copper. We've already have steel and aluminum. We already have autos. There will be pharmaceuticals and there will be chips. In other news, the president of El Salvador ye Boule, set to visit the White House later today to discuss further cooperation with migrant deportations. Mr. Boule agreeing to accept and hold deported illegal aliens in his supermax prison in exchange for a relatively small fee.


More than 200 have been sent so far under President Bouquet. LE's leadership El Salvador, transforming from the murder capital of the world into one of the safest places to visit Mr. Boule using emergency powers to implement a military crackdown on gangs locking up more than 76,000 Salvadorans. Many human rights groups decrying the move saying detainees are denied due process. President Trump praising Mr. Bile ahead of the meeting. I think he's doing a fantastic job and taking care of a lot of problems that we have that we really wouldn't be able to take care of from a cost standpoint. And he's doing really, he's been amazing.


We have some very bad people in that prison. People that should have never been allowed into our country. People that murdered Last week, the Supreme Court ruling, the Trump administration must facilitate but not effectuate the return of mistakenly deported Salvadoran citizen Kmar Abrego Garcia. The administration claims Mr. Garcia is a member of MS 13 based on earlier findings of two immigration courts. In 2019, a judge allowed Mr. Garcia to not be deported to El Salvador saying he faced threats of gang violence if returned. The DOJ acknowledges Mr. Garcia was mistakenly deported to the one country that the immigration court had said, we cannot send him to El Salvador.


And there he currently sits in the Supermax prison, alive and secure, according to our State Department, what to do with Mr. Garcia likely to be a topic of conversation. In today's meeting, president Trump did not mention Mr. Garcia specifically, but posted to Truth Social on Saturday. These barbarians are now in the sole custody of El Salvador, a proud and sovereign nation, and their future is up to President B and his government. Over the weekend, the US and Iran kicking off a nuclear negotiation, the Iranians seeking sanctions relief, the US seeking to prevent the world's largest state sponsor of terror from ever acquiring a nuclear weapon.


President Trump announcing last week that the talks would be direct. The Iranians insisting they would not be. They want indirect and coordinated through Oman Special envoy, Steve Woff did speak directly with the Iranian foreign minister. At the conclusion of Saturday's talks, president Trump responding to the initial discussion on Air Force One. They're Going, okay, what was your Well, I can't because it doesn't, nothing matters until you get it done. President Trump, in 2018 withdrawing the US from the Iranian nuclear agreement, reached under the Obama administration. That agreement gave the regime sanctions relief in exchange for purported limits on Iran's nuclear program.


President Trump argued the deal failed to provide any meaningful prevention of Iran obtaining a nuclear weapon. The Iranians maintaining their nuclear program is purely civilian in nature. However, the International Atomic Energy Agency reporting the Iranians have enriched enough uranium to make at least six nuclear bombs. The New York Times reporting on Friday, the supreme leader of Iran, Ayatollah Ali Khomeini agreeing to initiate the talks at the request of his top advisors. The Times reporting. If Iran refused talks or if the negotiations failed, the official told Mr. Khomeini military strikes on Iran's two main nuclear sites would be inevitable.


Secretary of Defense, Pete Hegseth backing that up Sunday on Fox. President Trump is dead serious on this issue. He's, he's dead serious that Iran cannot have a nuclear weapon. He's said that for 20 years he's been consistent. That is clear dead. He's dead serious that he wants it done at, at the negotiating table. He wants it done peacefully. And that's why he's going straight to these talks. He's set that deadline. These were productive talks. He's also dead serious that if, if we can't figure this out at the negotiating table, then there are other options to include my department to ensure that Iran never has a nuclear bomb. The US and Iran are set to meet again this Saturday for another round of talks coming up. President Trump greeted by a packed crowd at A UFC fight As Senator Bernie Sanders speaks to the Coachella Elite and the results of President Trump's medical examination are in his score on the cognitive test.


Next,


for years, Patriot Mobile has represented every American that believes freedom is worth fighting for. Have you considered making the switch? Patriot Mobile is one of the few cell phone service providers that operates on all three of the major networks. The fact is, if you have cell phone service in this country today, you can get exceptional or even better service with Patriot Mobile. That's why they offer a coverage guarantee that others cannot. Switching is easy. No need to spend hours in a retail store waiting your turn. Simply call PATRIOT Mobile's 100% US-based team from the comfort of your own home or office, and they will have you activated in minutes. Still locked in a contract, not a problem. PATRIOT Mobile's contract buyout program covers up to $500 per device. Keep your same number, keep your phone, or treat yourself to an upgrade. So consider Patriot Mobile, Patriot Mobile dot com slash Megan or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT. Use promo code Megan and get a free month of service. That's Patriot Mobile dot com slash megan. Or call 9 7 2 PATRIOT


On Saturday. President Trump, accompanied by several members of his administration and granddaughter Kai, stepping into a packed Miami arena for a UFC fighting event. Greeted with thunderous applause from the crowd, Mr. Trump spending the evening. Shaking fans'. Hands mingling with UFC President Dana White podcaster. Joe Rogan, Barstool Sports founder Dave Portnoy, RFKJ. And his wife Cheryl Hines and NBA legend Shaquille O'Neal to name a few. The president on Air Force one reacting to the fights and the warm welcome. I thought it was great. I I thought they were all great. Five. Those are seriously tough peoples.


Any of the fighters say anything to you? No. They all said they, every one of 'em came up at the end and they were great. I mean, they were all warriors, You know, modern day warriors. Yeah, it was great. It's a great honor to have that kind of ovation, really. 'cause it says we're doing a good job. You won Florida. We learned doing a good job. Democrat. Senator from Vermont, Bernie Sanders making a series of appearances this weekend. Part of a fighting the Oligarchy tour. You know, the one to which a OC has been flying first class. And speaking of a OC on Saturday in Los Angeles, the New York congresswoman joining Senator Sanders on stage.


Billionaires like Elon Musk dumped billions of dollars in this election to elect Trump that our political system has slowly but surely become dominated by big money and billionaires. Giving up and hiding under the covers is not acceptable. They are the 1%, we are the 99% Musicians. Neil Young, Joan Baez, and Maggie Rogers also joining the progressive leaders at the event. The Sanders team reporting a crowd of about 36,000 people, their largest ever. Senator Sanders. Telling attendees, the Trump administration is paying attention to the size of these events, saying quote, you are scaring the hell out of them.


Special Envoy and LA County resident Rick Grinnell posting on x. More than 10 million people live in Los Angeles County. It's the largest county in the United States of America. This is a very low turnout for Democrats, Los Angeles and California. The one party rule in California is clearly coming to an end. Senator Sanders also popping up at the Coachella Music Festival in Southern California. As a surprise guest, Senator Sanders ranting to the friendly, albeit captive audience. This country faces some very difficult challenges, and the future of what happens to America is dependent upon your generation.


Now you can turn away and you can ignore what goes on, but if you do that, you do it at your own peril. We need you to stand up to fight for justice, to fight for economic justice, social justice, and racial justice. The general admission tickets to Coachella, starting at $649, though they can go upwards of 10,000 bucks a piece for a luxury safari glamping experience, including air conditioned, tense, and a private concierge.


Sounds a little oligarchical. On Sunday, the results of the President's annual physical released by Walter Reed, national Military Medical Center, president Trump on Friday, telling reporters aboard Air Force one, he expected to pass with flying colors. I took, I wanted to be a little different than Biden. I took a cognitive test and I don't know what to tell you whether that I got every answer right. I took just a lot of different tests having to do with the heart, having to do with other things. And I think you'll find that they're gonna release the report on Sunday and think you'll find it.


Very good. Can you tell us about the talkative test? Is that woman person favorite tv? That it's a i I think it's a pretty well note test. Whatever. It's, I got everyone. I got it. All Right. The report backing that up, the president achieving a 30 out of 30 on a screening tool designed to detect early signs of dementia and mild cognitive impairment. Mr. Trump losing 20 pounds since his last presidential checkup in 2020. The head, ears, nose and throat section revealing quote, no significant abnormalities with the exception for scarring on the right ear from a gunshot wound. No serious concerns outlined in the report.


The physician, captain Sean Barella writing quote, president Trump remains in excellent health and is fully fit to execute the duties of the Commander in chief and head of state. And that'll do it. For your AM Update, I'm Megan Kelly. Join me back here for the Megan Kelly Show. Live on SiriusXM Triumph, channel one 11 at New East on youtube.com/ Megan Kelly And on all podcast platforms.