
Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day. If approved applications are typically funded, the next business day or sooner loans offered by net credit or lending partner banks and serviced by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner net credit credit to the people.


It's almost time Verizon's Small business days are coming from October 14th to the 20th. Meet with our experts. Get one-on-one advice, a free tech check and special offers. Don't miss out. Give your business the VIP treatment it deserves. Call 1-800-483-FOUR 4 2 8 or go to verizon.com/small business. Get started today.


Welcome To the Megyn Kelly Show, live on SiriusXM channel one 11 every weekday at New East Hey, Everyone. I'm m Kelly. Welcome to the Megyn Kelly Show. We are less than 24 hours removed now from yet another assassination attempt on former President Donald Trump's life. And already the media vultures and far left are suggesting there's nothing to see here in reality. As you know, there's plenty and it's deeply disturbing from the serious concerns about efforts to protect Mr. Trump's life to the troubled life of a would be assassin that should have raised plenty of red flags just a short time ago suspect Ryan Ruth.


Again. We generally do not name shooters like this, but given that it is a presidential assassination attempt, we've chosen to do that just like we did at the last presidential assassination attempt. He appeared in federal court, his hands and feet shackled Fox News reporting. He laughed and smiled his way through the appearance. It's not on camera because this is federal court where they don't allow cameras. We also now know that this man has had run-ins with the law, including back in 2002 when court records show he was convicted of possessing a weapon of mass destruction. Said to have been a machine gun.


Ruth's social media is also filled with anti-Trump rhetoric. He claims to have voted for Trump back in 2016, only to have then turned against him. Since 2019, Ruth has exclusively donated to democratic causes and candidates And. it also appears to have supported for a time anyway, Mr. Trump's former rivals, Vivek Ramez Swami and Nikki Haley. At one point in an April, 2024 post directed at President Biden, Ruth said, quote, democracy is on the ballot and we cannot lose. That, of course, echoes the same language from a President Biden post back in October, 2023 and so many com. I mean, let's be honest, like this is a, we're showing on the board a Biden PO post reading democracy is on the ballot, but this is their line against Trump that democracy will end if Donald Trump wins.


Again. That's been as close as I can figure to a campaign slogan for Biden and for Harris. That's what they want you to believe. The stakes are Hitler or normal America. This guy Ruth, appears to have been publicly supporting the Biden campaign as evidenced by a bumper sticker spotted outside of his home in Hawaii. And then there's the disturbing book he self-published called Ukraine's Unwinnable War. In it, he issued a direct message to Iran. You are free to assassinate Trump. No one here in the US seems to have the balls to put natural selection to work.


Earlier today, former President Trump spoke to Fox News and said of his would be assassin quote. He believed the rhetoric of Biden and Harris, and he acted on it. Their rhetoric is causing me to be shot at when I am the one who is going to save the country, and they're the ones that are destroying the country, both from the inside and out. Joining me now for his first interview, since the latest attempt on his father's life, is President Trump's son Eric Trump. He's executive vice president of the Trump Organization.


Cyber attacks are on the rise with corporate mega stores falling victim to data breaches that could expose your private information. Now, these same mega stores are lobbying DC politicians to pass the Durban Marshall credit card bill. According to our sponsor, electronic Payments Coalition, this bill could leave you even more vulnerable to credit card cyber attacks while mega stores pocket billions in additional profits. Learn more@guardyourcard.com and then consider telling Congress to guard your card. The Electronic Payments Coalition says Americans lose when politicians choose Again, that's guard your card.com.


Eric, welcome to the show. So sorry about what happened to your dad. How's he doing today? He's doing well. The guy's incredibly strong. I mean, you've known him forever, right? He is. He's a he's a warrior. I spoke to him immediately after it happened. I was one of the first people I knew and you know, he was in, he was in okay spirits. But you know, honestly, I I I'm almost not right. I'm, I'm sick tired of seeing, you know, people trying to take his lives. It's, it's this, you know, second time in five weeks that this has been allowed to happen. Butler was an utter failure. You've done, I think, a better job probably Megan than anybody on reporting on that. It should never happened. I mean, what happened there is just, it, it's a breakdown of, of government in the worst possible ways. And then obviously you see what happened yesterday and yesterday was ultimately a success, right?


They got the guy ahead of time. They, you know, found out where he was and you know, they, they saved somebody from utter catastrophe. But this has to stop. This has to stop. We can't allow people with, you know, ar fifteens with AK 40 sevens within 300 yards of the president. It, it has to stop. We have to do a better job. You know, there's only, only so many kind of, you know, proverbial lives that you have before. Guess what? You don't get so lucky. You got incredibly lucky. And, and, and Faith was definitely with him, you know, five weeks ago. But it's only so many times you get lucky. And this isn't funny anymore. I mean, and I just want everybody to understand they are trying to kill him, Megan.


They are trying to kill him. And it's one of the things that drives me crazy when you see Kamala on the debate stage, you know, this man's a threat to democracy. It's, you know, there's only one person that they're going after and they're going after him viciously. And they've gone after him in every single way. They've gone after him illegally. They tried to impeach him, they tried to take him off the ballot in states. They tried to take him off the ballot in Colorado and Maine. They've gone after his family. They, they've gone after all of us thousands of times. You know, Megan, I'm probably the most subpoenaed person in the history of the country, and I've never done a damn thing wrong. They've done everything they could. They've, they've weaponized, you know, the judicial system, DAS ags, they've gone after him civilly and now twice in five weeks as we approach 50 days at, you know, away from election day, they've tried to kill him.


And, and, and they will stop at absolutely nothing. They are trying to kill him, Meghan. And it's, it's deeply scary. And, you know, we, we government better do a good job protecting him. And, you know, sometimes I, I worry that they're not Mm, yeah, I'm understandably and for good reason. May I ask, how does you find that out? The news yesterday? Yeah, I did, dear friend who was actually in the sheriff's department who ended up calling me because, you know, obviously went across the, the radio. So, you know, as soon as shots were fired, he called me saying, Hey, you know, you might wanna figure out what the hell's going on. It looks like they just tried this for a second time. And so obviously I got on, you know, on the phone. And, you know, they, they were, they were taking off the, off the course. And that's how I found out. But it's, you know, coincidentally, I was driving south on 95.


I actually took a personal video of the guy being arrested at the time. I mean, it's, it's interesting how, how small the world can be at times. But I'm driving south on 95. The police chase was coming north on 95. And literally I drive by all the helicopters and all the squad cars that are arresting the very man that, you know, 15 minutes before tried to shoot my father. It's, it's, it's interesting how the world works, but it's, thank God they got him. And now apparently he's in federal court laughing in front of the judge. So, you know, that's the type of person that we're, we're dealing with. The reaction from the left last night, at least on the media, has been there was an incident. That's what NBC reported. There was an incident at Trump's golf course. And oh, by the way, let's get back to cats and dogs in Springfield, Illinois or Springfield, Ohio and Trump's irresponsible rhetoric.


Did you see any of that in your reaction? Yeah, that's part of the course for the media. I mean, we've, we've obviously found out based on this whistleblower came forward with a, you know, signed affidavit that a BC gave the questions to Kamala Harris. I'd, I'd like to know where Bob Iger is on, on this whole thing. I mean, you wanna talk about disgusting and, you know, that's part of the course for, for the media. You know, they may as well be, you know, the pr arm of the Democratic Party, you know, 100% of their, their coverage toward her is positive, despite the fact that she's the worst vice president in the history of this country. Bar none signed close. And despite the, you know, the record my father had, you know, they're, they're a hundred percent negative against him. And it's, it's an absolute joke. Of course, they wanted, and I I I, you see all these reports in the vicinity, you know, shots were fired in the vicinity.


All right, let, let me just break this down. 'cause I know this property better than any person on on earth, maybe other than my father. I run these properties. You and a person who ran across a median, who ran across a massive lawn into, you know, a massive palmetto bushes, effectively was staged up against a fence 200 yards away from where my father was. He was on the fifth green, he was about to come down the sixth hole. This guy was in the middle of the sixth hole with Body Armor, GoPros, and a AK 47 on a fence line. Thank God the Secret Service saw him. And, you know, and then it's yes, a shooting in the vicinity of the president. I mean, they, they, they use every word that they possibly can to dumb down what this person was trying to do, which was to kill the 45th president of the United States to ex extinguish him from, from this earth.


And, but that's part of the course. They don't want that story out there, right? They don't want this headline. They wanna do everything they can to, to bolster Kamala's, you know, campaign, which is not much of a campaign because again, she's just a horrible candidate. But, you know, there, there was a, a meme going around, Megan, that the, the, the Will Smith slap literally lasted longer than the coverage of Butler Pennsylvania. And I think that's fairly accurate, and that's the media in this country today Is, I mean, the thing that struck me yesterday was your dad has a few pastimes. He doesn't drink, he doesn't smoke. So what does he do to burn off stress? And there must be a lot of it on him.


He plays golf, which is a good thing to do. And now even that has been hampered by, this would be assassin. I mean, now your dad's not gonna be the same when he gets out. He's gonna have to worry about whether somebody's trying to take his life. Is that, in your view, a secret service failure, an intelligence failure, a a rhetoric failure by people who say he's Hitler? What, what do you think? What are you blaming today? You know, it's a question that pains me an answer. And, and, and there's really two sides of it, Megan, the agents, and I know them. I know all the ones that were on the stage in, in Butler, Pennsylvania, and they did a awesome job. The ones on that stage did an awesome job. I mean, they were taking a bullet for him. And there were ones on that stage who were with me for three years. I know them personally.


They're personal friends of mine, right? There were people that were out there with him yesterday, and they did a phenomenal job. They got him off that course so quickly. I mean, as the first shot went out there, they were pulling him off and they did a hell of a job. But somebody's got asked question, what the hell's happening in the perimeter? I mean, what, what's happening in the perimeter? I mean, frankly, if I was an agent, I'd be screaming from the rooftops, right? You're putting great agents who are doing phenomenal jobs and have acted perfectly in that situation, but yet something is failing on the outskirts where you've had somebody with a rifle in Butler, Pennsylvania, 130 yards, somebody died and he got hit in a year in this case, you know, two to 300 yards away with a, with an AK 47 propped up against a fence line. There's only so much that body people can do.


And, and clearly somebody on the outskirts is, is failing this mission because that should not happen. And, you know, I I, I hope to God somebody does a deep dive And it, And it hurts me to say that because again, the people who are around him are some of the greatest, finest people you'll ever meet in your entire life. I know them, I'm friends with them. I've, I've known them for, for years. And they would take a bullet and they, you know, would die for him. And many of them, based on the incompetence, frankly, Meghan have almost, I mean, they're in the line of, of, of fire and Butler. There's, you know, multiple shots that went out. I, any single one of them could have gone killed. What is going on with the perimeter that's supposed to be around our world leaders? How can this possibly happen? 130 yards is a chip shot. I I did a lot of competitive shooting.


I, it's one of my, you know, favorite things in the world to do. I mean, that's like making a four inch putt, 300 yards with a modern day rifle. This is not a ask any person who, who hunts deer, ask any person who's an endorsement 300 yards with a modern day rifle. These are not hard shots. And yet it's happened. You know what, twice in the last five weeks, you know, we better rethink our tactics and, and on, on every side, every person who is a political protectee in this country, we better rethink our tactics because whatever the hell we're doing right now, Megan is not working. It's not working. And there's not gonna be too many more chances before somebody gets awfully lucky because these aren't hard shots. Hmm. One word on that, a, b, c affidavit to which you referred, we're actually gonna take a deep dive into that later in the show.


A BC hasn't responded to our requests on whether they wanna deny any of these allegations, nor has Speaker Johnson hasn't weighed in, allegedly, he got the letter from this whistleblower. But we are gonna take a deep dive into whether, in fact, there's reason to believe they cheated on that debate that they gave Kamala Harris, I mean, explicitly unfair advantages, sample questions, and so on. Just so the audience knows, can I ask you this? Because right now, in the wake of the second attempt on your dad's life, we have President Biden, vice President Harris saying the right things about, you know, no one should be subjected to political violence. And you know, this is wrong. And yet there seemed to be absolutely no accountability, nor was there any shift in tone from Kamala Harris who's now the nominee after the first assassination attempt.


I mean, the rhetoric has been at a boiling point consistently from their side, not just about politics and who should run the country, but about how evil your dad is. So, do you accept their statements today that they're very sorry about what happened and that really, this should never happen? No, No. I don't accept their statements, Megan, and not, not at all. I mean, you know, before Butler, Pennsylvania, two days before Biden had a, you know, a, a truth or a, an ex up saying that we should put the president in the quote unquote cross hairs. I mean, you've done a better job than anybody going back. I mean, look at Maxine Water's comments. Look at, right? You kick them when they're down, you kick them again. You, you hit, you hit them hard, you hit them when they're down. I mean, they are the most violent people in the world.


And, you know, the bullets are only going one way here, right? When was the last time that and And it, it's insane. They've called for violence so many times. So no, I don't, I don't believe the rhetoric at all. You know, I mean, this is the same administration that wouldn't give RFK Secret Service protection, despite the fact that multiple people in his family, not despite the fact that he's a, a serious political candidate for a major party in the country, but also despite the fact that several people in his family have been executed, right? I mean, they've been, they've been taken out by assassins. They refused to give the guy, and my father was the guy who came out and said, give this guy secret service protection. You're gonna get this man killed. I don't think they give a damn Megan, honestly, And, it pains me to say that. And so, yeah, you, you see some, you know, some posts online that's, that doesn't feel genuine at all.


That's written by some staffer saying the absolute bare minimum of what should be said. And there are, there was no accountability. I mean, why didn't Biden get rid of the Secret Service director? Why, why did she have to resign on UnHerd own after she gets up there and says, the reason that they didn't have snipers on the roof in Butler, Pennsylvania is because of the slope of the roof was, was too steep. Right? Everybody knew that was bs. Everybody knew that was total nonsense. It was a least steep roof of all them. In fact, the the roofs that the snipers were on were exponentially more steep than the roof that the, you know, would be assassin, tried to shoot my father from yet, you know, this is the, the, the narrative, right? And there's no accountability. I, I mean, if I was Biden, I would've forced a resignation the five minutes after this.


I mean, isn't that what happens when, you know, protectees start getting shot, getting shot at when, when you have such big lapses, but they never hold anybody accountable. They didn't hold milli accountable when you had the most disastrous withdrawal from Afghanistan, right? I mean, why is it that this administration knows, holds no one accountable for, for failure after failure? I mean, what's that gonna do that's just gonna incentivize further failure that's never get you a good result? People should know that they have responsibility and they better take that responsibility seriously, otherwise they're not gonna be there the next day. That's how the real world works. But that's not how it works under, under these guys. And, and so, no, I I think it's a lot of lip service. I, I think the tweets were incredibly generic.


They were nonsense. I guarantee you they probably never even saw them. They were probably written by some low level staffer who put it out because they realized that they had to say something. But I think it's completely disingenuous, especially again, given that Biden has been the first person to say he hopes Donald Trump remains in the quote unquote crosshairs, which unfortunately he's been twice in the last five weeks. Exactly right. The, the weirdness of this guy, the shooter, this would be Shooter's book talking about Iran. I'm gonna quote more now from this book, which is available on Amazon. I would like to celebrate the amazing work of John Kerry that very humbly and humanly handled the Iran deal, which elated me and the whole of the world.


I must take part of the blame for the retarded child quoting here that we elected for our next president that ended up being brainless. But I am man enough to say that I misjudged and made a terrible mistake. and Iran, I apologize. And here's where he says what we said in the intro, you are free to assassinate Trump as well as me for that error in judgment and the dismantling of the deal. No one here in the US seems to have the balls to put natural selection to work, or even unnatural selection. There is an Iranian death threat on your dad. They've been investigated, and there was a warning that the Secret Service was aware of before Butler, though, the, the complaints by the locals was that that was not shared with them.


Do you have any concerns about whether this guy might have some ties to Iran or some foreign actor overseas? Yes. Yes. I mean, listen, we've, we've had the Irani death threat on, on all of us, frankly, for, for a very long time. It's something that we've been very cognizant of for, you know, many years, frankly. I mean, from the time that he was in office and he was taking out guys like Solem Manni and al-Baghdadi, and, you know, so many of their nuclear scientists and doing so many other things. I mean, it's interesting that the, the guy that would be shooter yesterday was complimenting a country that literally chants death to America. I mean, Tehran, they chant death to America on their streets, yet he's, you know, he's complimenting how great their, their nation is. It's also kind of ironic that, you know, we had total peace in the Middle East under my father, right?


Iran was broke. You know, we were exporting oil from the us, meaning we didn't need their oil. My father put massive embargoes on them. Effectively, anybody who buys Iranian oil we're not gonna buy a single product. And the United States of America will not buy a single product from, so you wanna trade oil with them. Congratulations. You're effectively cut off from every market around the world. Iran was broke. There were no missiles flying, there, weren't attacking our greatest ally in the Middle East, right? Which is obviously Israel. There was total peace, no problems, no problems from the Taliban, no problems from Isis Taliban, right? For the last 18 months, we didn't lose a single service member over in, in Afghanistan. My father sent ahead of the Taliban, literally a picture of his home. And, you know, hey, guess what?


Don't mess with the United States. You know what's gonna happen if you do? Right? There was peace in the Middle East. You had the Abraham Accords, you had the moving of the, the embassy, as everybody knows very well. You had the Golan Heights, you had so many great milestones in the Middle East. And, you know, it's, it's amazing that the, the shooter, well, it's Megan, it's the same guy that's laughing in front of a courthouse right now as he's, you know, facing probably the rest of his life in jail for doing what he, you know, inevitably wanted to do. But, you know, it's amazing that this person is a guy who's, you know, complimenting a, a, a country that again, you know, wants our total demise, wants to create nuclear weapons to use against the West to extinguish our, our religion, our way of life, our families, and everything that red, white, and blue stands for. And so it is very par for the course for the guy that I see in that picture who looks like a total maniac.


The there is a retired FBI assistant director. He was in office from 2004 to 2006. His name is Chris Swecker, was 24 years with the FBI help actually capture Eric Rudolph after the Olympic Park bombing, the actual guy who did it. And in a Newsweek interview, he said, the biggest question to answer here is how did the, would be assassin and know to be at that location at that time. And then he goes on to say, Eric, there are only three possible answers. He guessed and got very lucky. He conducted surveillance on Trump and followed him to the golf course, or he had inside information about Trump's schedule.


Your thoughts on those three possibilities? I agree with him a hundred percent. And, and at what world do we think it's a good idea for somebody with a pistol to be fighting a guy with a rifle? Right? Th those odds, this is never, never good, never good pistols versus rifles don't work out. Well, you know, in, in, in the modern day, we, we better get a real, we better get a real perimeter around the president and we better do so quickly. Megan. They're trying to kill him, right? They're trying to kill him. I said it And it was very controversial when I did. And I'm not a tinfoil hat wearing guy. I'm a very pragmatic guy. I've just seen what they tried to do to my family for the last, you know, 10 years now of being us, you know, of, of us, you know, being in this game. I've seen every single trick.


They laughed at us first, then they tried to take him down, then they tried to impeach him, then they went after him. They tried to do everything. And the only thing that was left for them to do was to literally kill him. And a couple months ago, a couple months before Butler, I literally said, it would not surprise me at all. These people will stop at absolutely nothing. And that's exactly what we're seeing. And then you take that with relapses in security, and I'm not talking about even yesterday, I think yesterday in, in many ways was a success. They got the guy before he could do something bad, but we better work on this perimeter because this is getting far too close. Butler was a disaster. And, and even when Blumenthal, it was, it was probably the biggest antit Trumper in the world, right? When he comes out and says that there's a lot there to unpack, we better start getting serious because, you know, Meghan, we'd look like a third world country.


We probably already do, to tell you the truth. But we'd look like a third world country if our, you know, if the leading candidate, former president of the United States and the leading candidate, you know, likely the 47th president of the United States gets executed in Palm Beach, Florida, we'd be the laughing stock of the entire world. You know, congratulations. We're no longer the superpower of the world because people are literally, people would be laughing at us, you know, not, not to mention what would probably be the ramifications that came out of something like that. You know, I mean, civil wars and countries have started for, for less than things like that. I, I couldn't even fathom what that would mean for our nation, what that would mean for the America dream, what that would mean for our prosperity, the respect or lack thereof. You can't spend $3 billion on an agency to protect effectively two people, really protect two people and, and have gaps.


And, and there were gaps in Butler. There's no question about it. And honestly, Same just feels to me that same gap, right? Perimeter in Butler perimeter down here. As somebody who knows this golf course, is it, you tell me, is it possible, do you think, for somebody to have just followed your dad, just so that sort of stumbled upon his schedule, like look for him and then followed him to the golf course? Yeah, It's, it's awfully easy to see a big motorcade pulling in there, right? You know, but, but clearly he was premeditated. There's no question about that. I mean, the guy effectively went into a bunch of Eureka palms hosted along. Yeah, but I mean, how, how would he know your dad would be there on, on this particular Sunday, right? Your dad's it apparently it wasn't broadcast. So, I mean, do you have any, 'cause you know, there are a lot of people thinking this, this had to be an inside job, and I know we have to entertain that.


We have to look down that lane better entertain it, But it possible that he just, Yeah, go ahead. Everybody better entertain it. Everybody better entertain everything. Yeah. Right. I never thought I'd say this again, I'm not that tinfoil hack guy. I, I've, I'm actually a very sane human being, and I think there's a lot of conspiracy theories out there that are absolutely insane. You better believe after, you know, twice in five weeks, you better start entertaining, you know, all of those scenarios because something is, is very, very wrong. And. it could have been very, very different. The guy literally brought a rifle across Megan. If you look at that, right? You've got a, you know, you've got a massive street that's wide open. You've got probably 20 yards of, of beautiful perfectly manicured grass. Then you get to a row of beautiful palm trees, right?


Royal palm trees, and you have about another 20 yards of grass. And then you've got a big hedge line inside the hedge line. You have a chain link fence, right? On the other side of that, he literally got across all of that holding a, a long gun. And no one saw this, right? There weren't, there weren't eyes on the street. It's not like he's creeping through a bunch of woods to try and get in a concealed spot and total camouflage. I mean, he literally went across a massive highway in the middle of the day with, with a long gun, something that you can't just throw in a backpack, right? And sl his way into the bushes adjoining, you know, adjacent to a golf hole that my father happened to be on at that time. Yeah, you better entertain those, those possibilities because that's seriously bad. And you know, I mean, the guy from looking at him looks like a total nut job.


Obviously he's, he's crazy. You see that picture. But what happens if he wasn't, what happens if that guy was well, cammo, what happens if that agent just didn't happen to be there at the right time? What happens if that guy killed that agent? And then use a scope rifle to take somebody out from not a far distance? I, I mean, we better really start locking down this perimeter because something is, is, is awfully wrong. And as I said three times on this interview, now they are trying to get him, when I said It month, do you, do you feel comfortable? I month ago the believed in my heart that they, they would stop at nothing. But now the world knows they are trying to get him. Do you feel comfortable having the FBI conduct this investigation? Ron DeSantis is saying he will conduct an in investigation of his own down in Florida, just to make sure there are a lot of people who don't trust the FBI.


A lot of people at this point have questions about the Secret Service. Who would you like to see investigate this? Yeah, It pains me answer this question because honestly, I'm, I'm the biggest like law enforcement guy. I mean, my, my best friends in the world are all, all, all law enforcement. I mean, literally, Megan, my closest friends in the world, I've told you stories about them, including yesterday, but they are some of my closest friends in the world. But then I see the, the weaponization of government. I mean, I was the guy that got the call from the FBI that you know about the, you know, the servers in the basement of Trump Tower communicating with the creme, oh Lord, right? I, we disprove that in 12 hours, right? First of all, we didn't have servers in a basement because guess what, basements flood, right? You don't put servers in basements is stupid.


Second of all, we're largely cloud computing. So, you know, the notion of really having servers start communicating with the Kremlin are just, it's insane. We had disproved that yet that hung over the first three years of my father's presidency, right? They could have shut that down second one, day one. And they let that drag and they let that linger it pit it literally, it put two superpowers against each other, if you think about it, right? The two superpowers with the most nuclear weapons on Earth, Russia, and America for a three year period of time almost couldn't have communications because of the sham hoax that was happening when an agency knew that it was nonsense, that it was garbage, that there was nothing there. They let it hang over my father. And so do I have full trust in the FBI?


No, I, I, I, I don't, I don't, I've seen more leaks through that agency. I've seen more things about us get leaked that were just untrue. I, I, it's, no, I don't, I don't, unfortunately, I don't have faith. And, and you know, it's so sad because I have a bunch of friends who are FBI, who are agents like, you know, the actual gun carriers in that organization. And these are the most incredible people you've ever seen. I mean, a, a couple of my closest friends in the world are in that agency and, and they also shake their heads say, what the hell is going on? I mean, it's really amazing how, you know, one floor in one office building and one o you know, in when, you know, in Washington DC can corrupt an entire agency. And you see that with the Secret Service as well. Sometimes. I mean, some of the finest people you have ever met in your life.


People who, regardless of whether we win on November 5th, will be some of my closest lifelong friends. Were people who frankly were assigned to Laura and I for a, you know, four year period of time or a three year period of time. You know, depending on, you know, when their ship came in. These are some of the greatest people. They love this country. They love America. They would do anything, and they would take a bullet for either my father, they would take a bullet for Biden, they would take a bullet for Harris, they would take a bullet for anybody. 'cause that's their job. And they're brave as hell, and they're good at what they do. But there's also a breakdown at the very top and, and make no mistakes. Some of these agencies are weaponized. I mean, you know, the eighth floor of the Secret Service in Washington DC allowed agents during my father's presidency to go find the 44 73, the firearm forms from Hunter Biden.


They allowed agents to go over to the firearm store where he had his revolver and they wanted to collect those forms. I wonder what they were doing. This was while my father was president. Do you think while Joe Biden was president, if you know Laura Trump threw a revolver in a trash can outside of the supermarket, do you think secret Service agents would be going over there and trying to, you know, fish it outta a dumpster or going over the gun store to try and collect the paperwork? Of course, they warn Meghan there, there's corruption in the government. There's massive corruption in the government that corruption only goes one way. Right? I mean, the Democrats have done everything they can to weaponize every single system. They've weaponized the military, they've weaponized the DOJ, you know, they've, they've weaponized the, the entire legal system.


I mean, they're sending the number three person in charge of the DOJ to New York to prosecute my father to try and take him off the ticket so that Joe Biden had a better chance of winning. And everybody knows the end story of what happened there. It's insane. They've weaponized these, these institutions top to bottom. I mean, they've weaponized healthcare And, and at the center of it is a real life human who has a family, has grandkids. That was one of the first things I thought about. Like, you've got two young kids, what are they like seven and five now that, how do you explain to your little ones, and by the way, make it a real, people are trying to kill grandpa. My kids were sitting on my lap when Butler happened. I was literally typing an email. They were sitting on my lap watching him, right? They were, everybody was speculating that he was gonna make the Vance announcement that day.


I knew he wasn't going to, but everybody was watching that rally. He was being telecasted by everybody. I I know. I, my kids were six and four at the time, but I had a six and 4-year-old sitting on my lap watching their grandfather, you know, go down with blood flung across his face. I mean, oh my. Yeah. He's, he's a real life human being. And you know, it is a real life family. But, but beyond all of that, I mean, don't cry for us. We we're, we're big boys. We could stand on the stage and, you know, and have so, and I, I will to the day I die. And I don't care what they do to us. They're not gonna, you know, but, but this is the guy who does not need to be doing this, right? I mean, right. Barack Obama was a community organizer, right? What was his next step? Oh, probably politics. You know, my, my father, my father could live the greatest life in the world. He could stay in Mar-a-Lago. He could have the greatest time. We've got the best assets, the best hotels, the best golf courses around the world.


He could live the greatest life with no nonsense. He's not getting shot at every single day, literally and figuratively. He's not sitting in courthouses all around around the country. He lives a beautiful life. He could still be the kingmaker of the Republican party. Guess what he wants to do? He wants to go out and fix this country because we are a failing nation. We are failing on every single front. Our economy is a joke. Countries around the world are laughing at us. I just came back from the Middle East, I was, so, we have a project over there. They're literally laughing at us. They're laughing at Biden. I mean, the guy sleeping on a beach while my father lays wreaths at, at, at, at Abbey Gate, you know, commemorating 13 fallen soldiers in Afghanistan based on the worst withdrawal and the history of our, our nation and what our president is sleeping on a, on a beach, getting a suntan.


I mean, the world is laughing at us. It's crazy. You, you have Kamala Harris who doesn't have a single policy that makes any sense whatsoever. I mean, her economic policies would bankrupt this country in about two and a half seconds, you know, it's, it's, and she's put in charge with a border. We've had 20 million people come across our border. We have 300,000 kids that have died of fentanyl poisoning. And they laugh about it. They haven't done a damn thing. And then she comes out, yes, I'm gonna be very serious about the border, very serious about the border. Megan, they flew in 320,000 people on aircraft, seven 30 sevens into airports all across our nation in the middle of the night. Yet she's saying she's gonna be serious about enforcing her our border. Right? They led in 20 million people in into this country.


They sold an entire wall that my father had built, right? Put up 500 miles, almost 600 miles, all the, the rest of the border wall was built. They sold all that steel for scrap at like 4 cents on the dollar, right? That's, and yet they come out and say, yes, we're gonna be very serious about closing our border. These people are the biggest crooks. They're the biggest liars. They're so disingenuous. And we would win this election by 100% if they didn't cheat, and if they didn't have the entire mainstream media being effectively the propaganda wing of the Democratic Party. That's right. The, the, the media. I mean, we're gonna get to that with our next guest. I don't wanna waste too much of your time, because I know you gotta run. Can I just bring, bring this one thing up before I let you go? Yes. The New York Times now reporting this just hit the federal criminal complaint, filed against a suspected gunman.


Says his cell phone was in the vicinity of the area along the tree line of the Trump golf course, beginning at 1:59 AM which would've been 12 hours prior to the Secret Service, finding him, meaning it appears he was likely lying in, wait, potentially for 12 hours at a minimum. He visited the site at two in the morning and then went back. But this certainly suggests he could have been lying in wait, and certainly was outside of the, the golf course. Yet another thing, if the Secret Service had drones, if the Secret Service understanding he was gonna golf there would've detected, or should have detected in advance.


I, I can't help but feel like he was a sitting duck, Megan, he was a sitting duck. I, I know the exact spot he was in. I know it so well, God forbid he would've, that agent wouldn't have seen him. He would've been right in front of him. He would've been 40 yards on the next hole right there, right where it says hole six, right. Where little arrows pointing, right? It's, it's just in from that. He would've been standing right there, and the guy would've been there with an assault rifle at 50 yards. Thank God for that agent doing their job. But somebody better, better take perimeter security more, more, more seriously. This is not gonna end well. That's right. Nothing about this is gonna end well, the fact that it's that premeditated, the guy was there one o'clock in the morning. Yeah, that's, that's seriously problematic.


What the hell is a person doing there at one o'clock in the morning? This is Megan. I can't even tell you how I, I truly feel about this because it's, it's, and I not, it's not only is it devastating for, you know, as, as a family member, right? I mean, this bothers me more that this is against him than it would be if we were against me, right? I I, I'd be substantially less, you know, upset. But like, we've gotta be better than this as a country on every front, on every front. Yeah. We have to be better than this as a country. We better be Better. And, and there should be universal outrage. But there isn't, there isn't, you know, you've seen some of the nasty reaction from leftists online celebrating it. They have absolutely no sympathy for him. They're, they, you know, Bob Iger snarky comments after Butler, like, they're sorry, he missed Bob Iger, who's the head of a bbc, you know, he's the head of Disney, but obviously the parent company, you know, to to, to a b, C, you know, I, I mean, where, where's the outrage?


Where's the outrage against Bob Bo? I mean, if I was Bob Iger, I fire everybody at a BC news. I fire everybody. I mean, you just tank the entire brand for a BBC news. Where is the outrage? I mean, this is a guy who runs a publicly run company, right? I mean, Disney is a pub. He's got a fiduciary duty to his shareholders. His shareholders are hundreds of thousands of people around this country. You know, maybe millions of people around this country and around the world. Yet there's no ramification, right? And, and, and they no different than an organization is willing to literally give the questions of a presidential debate to one of the candidates that they favor. Does it come as any surprise that they want to bury the second time? My father has almost been assassinated in a five week period of time.


That shouldn't shock anybody. Everybody knows whose team they're on. George Stephanopolis. I mean, he was part of the war room. He was part of the Clinton, you know, political team with James Carvell and all, all, all these people. Does anybody really believe that these people can be fair and objective? Of course they can't be. But also Megan, where's the shareholder outrage? If I was a shareholder of Disney, and thank God I'm not, because honestly, they're a failing company at this point. But where is the outrage? You know, don't these people demand more? Yeah, apparently not. I mean, I mean, the Answer is yes, it's a hypothetical question, but I mean, the fact that Bob Iger has not said a word about either, what's happened then?


And they continue the narrative today, not to mention the NBCs and, and, and frankly, the CNNs and everybody else on that, on that hit list. It's, it's horribly disgusting. We need answers. Yeah, we Need, no, they're not, they're not acknowledging multiple failures at the debate. They're not acknowledging, they're not reversing any of their fake fact checks, which is just a disgrace. They're being celebrated for these fake fact checks by other members of the media. And then on top of that, you get this self-proclaimed whistleblower saying, A BC gave her sample questions. A, B, c agreed with the Harris campaign, again, not yet responded to by a, B, c or by Speaker Johnson who was allegedly copied on the whistleblower letter. But not only that, they gave her sample questions, but they agreed that they wouldn't ask her about Joe Biden's fitness mental fitness, that they wouldn't ask her about her brother-in-law and his term in the Department of Justice, where he was accused of intentionally giving out big settlements to left wing plaintiffs in order to curry favor or her time as California Ag.


This guy certified mailed this verified meaning sworn under the penalty of perjury affidavit the day before the debate, the day before. We haven't seen it. This needs to play out. But why has there not even been an on the record denial. This was everywhere yesterday. And, it compounds. What we saw at the debate, which we know with our own eyes, irrespective of whistleblower, was a negligent attempt at journalism, Irrespective of the whistleblower. You just took the words outta my mouth. I looked at Susie, we runs the campaign for us, and she was sitting right next to me during that debate. I was about 30 feet away from my father, just in, in the room right next door. And Susie and I were watching, and I guess she had the questions, you can just tell the way she was answering them, bang, bang, bang, bang, bang. I mean, it's almost like, I mean, you, you must have rehearsed you, you know, when somebody's scripted, you know, when somebody's rehearsed.


She was rehearsed. She had seen these questions before. There's, there's just no question about it. And, and by the way, to your, to your first part of the question is, those would've been the first questions that any logical person would've, any fair, impartial person would've asked. You know, your own state of California has gone to hell, right? You have homeless camps all over the place. You've got fentanyl crisis likes of which you've never seen. People can't afford to live there. It's been the largest migration to people out of the state in the history of the United States. By, by far as, it's not even close. Everybody's leaving. You know, your streets are dirty. Crime is all over the place. You can't walk a block in, in San Francisco without walking across a hypodermic needle. Like, why should people trust you to run the United States of America, which is much bigger than just the San, you know, city of San Francisco?


I, I mean, that's, that's like the most obvious question. My 7-year-old son would've thought of that question. And, and you know, it's Of Biden's mental acuity, Of course, for the last three and a half years, nothing, nothing. You've been saying that the guy was incredibly sharp. He was a modern day, you know, Winston Churchill, he was incredible. He's incredibly vibrant. And then he comes down stage and the entire world sees that he was none of those things. So you effectively lied to the American people for three and a half years. You did so with fracking, you did so on the border, you did so on a host of other issues. You know, you know, w what, what's your retort, you know, Mrs potentially vi, you know, president of the United States. These would be the most obvious es answer of, of course, they're not gonna do that because they're in bed with her campaign. They're in bed with them.


Well, then you, Stefan, you saw the local, I mean, just Go back to him, the, the local A, B, C, the local a, b, C anchor who questioned Kamala Harris over the weekend in an interview and brings up the, the topic of guns. Not by saying you're on camera supporting a mandatory gun buyback program by saying, share your values on guns. Just talk, talk about guns in general. And when she de totally denies that she wants to take anybody's guns, there's no follow up, Eric. There's, it's just the journalistic malfeasance is ubiquitous. Megan, how about The fact that her vice presidential candidate said that, you know, he lied, he obviously ran on the platform putting tampons, some hills, bathrooms in, in, you know, in Minnesota. I mean, how about the fact that he comes out and says, you know, we're very serious about border security, yet he's the guy that said that if Donald Trump builds a 25 foot tall wall, he's gonna build a ladder factory in Mexico to build 30 foot ladder so everybody can come across that wall that Donald Trump just built.


I mean, they don't call them on any, any of this stuff. I mean, this is insanity to the American people. You know, this isn't, these aren't far right. Frustrating. These, these, this is insanity. I, I guarantee you, if you poll tampons and boys bathrooms, high school bathrooms And it, you pull that across the country, 99% of people would just say, this is, this is insane. This is ridiculous. Right? That's right. And of course, they're, that's why they have to deny it. It's Eric, I, I, I wanna tell you, this is just in, we now have body camera footage of the arrest of this suspect, Ryan Ruth, we'll show it to you now. Here it is, Driver, take two steps to your right, take two steps to your right, come back, driver, walk straight back, keep walking, And that's it.


FYI, more information coming in about how long he was at the golf course, beginning at 1:59 AM according to the police affidavit in support of the arrest, he was there. Let's see, hold on. Yeah, it looks like his cell phone was there from 1:59 AM to 1:31 PM It, they, it looks like they are suggesting at least his cell phone and possibly he were there. They, the, the two of them together were there for 12 hours. And there you can see the police doing the exactly what they ought to do. The, so far he's been charged with possession of a firearm by a prohibited person, a convicted felon, and possession of a firearm with an obliterated serial number. The scary thing here is if those charges don't get amped up, this guy could potentially see daylight again.


I don't know, But, it just underscores the level of danger your dad was facing yesterday. I'll give you the last word. I know you gotta run. Thanks for giving us so much time. Well, those charges are insane, right? I mean, people are charged with the unlawful possession of firearm all the time, right? And, okay, fine. You know, the guy didn't have serial number on his gun. I mean, the guy wanted to assassinate a person who was beloved by hundreds of millions of Americans, a guy who was a great commander in chief of this nation, a guy who's probably the most iconic person, one of the biggest brands anywhere in the world. It was premeditated. He was there in the morning, as you said, likely there for 12 hours, you know, and you get charged with unlawful possession of a firearm. Megan, come on.


You know, that will flush its way out. I'm sure there'll be federal charges and other things, but you know, I I, I would've thought that those charges would've been a hell of a lot more significant than that. Believe me, if they had It up, You better believe that. They would've been more significant than that, and hopefully more will come. Thank you for all your time, all the best to your family, to your dad, your kids. We really appreciate it. Stay well. Great Job with the show. We'll see you soon. Thank you. Thank you. Unbelievable, right? It's just incredible. There's, there's a real face of a man's son who loves his father and would like him to live. That's really what they're asking. Please stop shooting him.


Please stop, stop trying to assassinate him. He is a man and a dad, and a granddad and a husband on top of being the Republican nominee for president, the former US president. And there does not appear to be an all hands on deck situation with respect to his security. I haven't heard any announcements from Secret Service or even President Biden was caught on camera today saying, well, we need more people. Secret Service needs, I mean, maybe, maybe they need more people. Congress has to look at it. Would you look, look at this. Look, look at President Biden on camera today, I think. Got a full report.


The service Help. You can't hear it, trust me. They ask him what needs to happen with the Secret Service, and he says they may need more agents, more people. You think, I mean, and we're gonna have hearings. We'll have Congress look into it. The man's being shot every five weeks. Maybe we could expedite the process. We'll be right back with the ejs.


Do you owe back taxes or have unfiled returns? Along with hiring tens of thousands of new agents and field officers, the IRS has been se sending over 5 million pay up letters to those who have unfiled tax returns or balances owed. Don't waive your rights and speak with 'em on your own. Instead, tax Network, USAA trusted tax relief firm has saved more than $1 billion in back taxes for their clients, and they might be able to help you secure the best deal possible. Whether you owe 10,000 or 10 million, they can help you, whether it's business or personal taxes, even if you have the means to pay or if you're on a fixed income, they can help you finally resolve your tax burdens once and for all. Call them at one eight hundred nine five eight 1000 or visit tn usa.com/megan. Don't let the IS control your life, empower yourself with Tax Network USA's support, and take charge of your financial future. Visit tn usa.com/megan today.


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner. Net credit credit to the people


Joining me now, the ejs Eliana Johnson is editor of the Washington Free Beacon and co-host of the Ink Stained Wretches podcast, and Emily Jashinsky, DC correspondent at Unheard and host of Undercurrents. Welcome back ladies. Here we go again, really remarkable to listen to Eric Trump say on the record how angry he is about this and how he absolutely thinks there is a possibility. This may have had something to do with an insider. You know, he, he's I believe him. He's not a tinfoil hat. I mean, I was talking with my staff today saying, none of us on this team are conspiratorially minded. We just aren't. But you're an idiot if you don't at least consider the possibility with two assassination attempts in two months that almost look like a red carpet was laid out, was laid out for the attempted assassins.


No one's saying, in fact, it's what happened. It's something that needs to be investigated. But I'll start with you Emily, on your reaction to Eric Trump's comments today. He should be furious, and in fact, he should be worried himself not to be hyperbolic. But the fact that you have a man coming in within four to 500 yards, not just of a Trump property, but of the President himself. That's what Secret service is saying. Or the FBI is saying, four to 500 yards from where Donald Trump himself was standing is where a rifle barrel poked out of the shrubbery. I mean, that could be any person on Trump property is in danger. But obviously people who spend close spend time with the President in close proximity his family, you can understand why people would crazy.


People would think that they should be targeting his family, unfortunately. So this is even bigger than just the President who was democratically elected as the Republican nominee by millions of voters around the country. They have a duty and obligation and they know this as well as anyone to protect him. But Megan, you had Susan Crabtree on last night, just such a fantastic reporter on this beat who said there were modifications made to the protect protection. It was supposed to be enhanced after what happened on July 13th in Butler, Pennsylvania. So were the protections sufficient? Obviously the answer to that is no. But now the big question is why I mean is is absolutely insane. And that's where some of, to your point, even conspiratorial minded peop, non conspiratorial minded people would look at this and say, it's been nine weeks.


How does a guy get within 400 to 500 yards? Incompetence at a certain point becomes to, it becomes a, a difficult explanation for that. And so the Secret Service better answers some of these big questions right now. Otherwise the theories are gonna proliferate and it's gonna be very hard for them to put the toothpaste back in the tube after that, Including Eliana. How did this guy, according to the FBI affidavit, which I now have in front of me, I'm reading it here in support of the charges that have so far been brought against this guy, Ryan Ruth. They are saying, and I'll read you the specifics, that the incident happened at approximately 1:31 PM yesterday and that they, here's what happened.


They pulled the guy over after they caught him, they brought the eyewitness to the scene. The eyewitness said, yes, that's the guy I saw running outta the tree line. They asked him if he knew why he was being stopped, Ruth, he responded in the affirmative alleges the FBI agent. Then they said during their investigation they discovered a publicly viewable Facebook post from the guy in which he posted his phone number. They searched the phone number and they did find out that this phone was located in the vicinity of the tree line described where he was lying and wait from 1:59 AM that's two in the morning until 1:31 PM when the agents saw it 12 hours, he appears to have stayed there lying in wait to shoot the former president.


That's a security failure. Absolutely. There are a lot of unanswered questions about the last assassination attempt on the president, including the shooter's motive. And this opens a whole new set of questions that need to be answered, including my understanding is that this was a last minute decision for the president to go eng golf. So how did Ryan, Ralph Ruth know that the president was going to be there? It appears that his phone was in this area before the president had even made this decision. So there are a lot of new questions to answer, but I do think one thing is clear. The last assassination attempt was due to a failure to secure enough of the perimeter around Trump to make an assassination attempt impossible.


So was this one. So it's clear that he needs to be treated like an incumbent president by the Secret Service, which is what the sheriff down in Palm Beach County said on the record publicly. So that should happen now. Yeah, or we are going to have a dead Republican candidate for president, a dead former president of the United States And. it will tear this country apart, separate and apart from the carnage, it would unleash on the Trump family more with Emily and Eliana after this, they stay with me for the full show and we'll be right back.


You see where your business can go to get there, you may need another 10 trucks. At Century Insurance, we put more than 115 years of industry experience to work to help protect you as you launch a new delivery service or expand into a new region and reach your business goals century right by you. Property and casualty coverages and render written and safety services are provided by a member of the Century Insurance Group, Stevens Point, Wisconsin. For a complete listing of companies, visit century.com policies, coverages, benefits and discounts are not available in Allstate Sea Policy. For complete coverage details,


We are back. The ejs are with me and I am just now putting two and two together. Emily and Eliana, Susan Crabtree was on this show last night. As you point out, Emily, she's, there's no better reporter on the Secret Service. This is her beach. She knows it all. And she told us about concerns that Iran may have infiltrated the Secret Service. She told us, I'm, I'm pulling up her article here from August 26th, she, which she referenced last night, some US national security officials are convinced that agencies devoted to protecting the security of presidents and other political leaders have been compromised by Iranian intel assets.


Three knowledgeable sources told real clear politics. A former senior Intel official in the Obama administration told RCP quote, our counterintelligence vigilance for our security protective services in the us, be it diplomatic security services, be it Secret Service or the US Marshals or in the Treasury Department, have been penetrated by people who are wittingly or unwittingly providing tangible support for Iranian network activities in this country. She went on to write, it's unclear if employees in the US protective agencies are knowingly participating or simply interacting with assets for the Tehran government.


Now that's interesting and could possibly be true, but she also went on to say that two years ago, some US officials became alarmed about secret service leaders and their lack of vigilance because an applicant to the secret surface failed the terrorism portion of the counterintelligence Poly test. This is a guy auditioning for the Secret Service, applying for, they make you take a polygraph to make sure you're not a foreign spy. And this person failed that portion of the polygraph test. But agency leaders allowed the employee to remain and to become a security clearance adjudicator, someone who decides who will get security clearances.


I feel like I'm in on an episode of 24 where this is bizarre fiction that could never happen in real life, but I trust Susan Crabtree. Everything she reported about Butler turned out to be true, even though she had significant blowback from the agency and they later wound up admitting it. So she's reporting that there's concern within the US National National Security ranks about Iran infiltrating the Secret Service. A former senior official in the Obama administration said it has been penetrated by people who are either wittingly or unwittingly providing tangible support for Iran and a network of Iranians in this country. And somebody who failed the counterintelligence piece of the Secret Service polygraph test was nonetheless allowed to join the Secret Service and approve or disapprove security clearances.


Alright, so all of that brings me to this affidavit that we just looked at a moment ago saying that this guy, unless he just dropped off his phone at 1:59 AM and just then came back to it 12 hours later, unlikely he was likely attached to his phone and, and was lying in wait for 12 hours. How did the guy know that Donald Trump was going to be golfing there? Trump has two golf courses in this a area. He's got one at Mar-a-Lago, which is Palm Beach, and he is got this one Trump International at West Palm Beach, which is a stone's throwaway. It's very close. So how did this guy, if Trump just made up his mind on Sunday morning to go golfing, how did he know that he was gonna go to Trump International versus Mar-a-Lago, which is where Trump stays when he is down there, you know, he stays in the resort connected with that golf course.


He couldn't have known in advance if Trump made this decision spur of the moment. He couldn't have known in advance unless someone around Trump told him that. Trump had maybe mentioned the night before he might do it, that he was thinking about going to Trump International. How would you know? It could have been a complete crap shoot. The guy could have said it's, I got a 50 50 shot. I'm from Hawaii, I don't live here. I know he loves to golf and he is down in Florida. I, you know, he could have said that and just taken a chance, you know, I'm gonna put the money on red and go to Trump International, lie here and wait for 12 hours and maybe I'll do the, the other golf course the next weekend. I don't know But, it does occur to me that if you had somebody who was close to Trump and heard Trump say something like, I think I'm gonna go to international tomorrow, that's exactly the kind of thing that could be leaked.


I realize this sounds very conspiratorial. It's by definition very speculative. But guys, I don't understand how even the Susan Crabtree piece of this alone was allowed. Eliana, how is that allowed when it is Iran that's making open death threats against our president right now, our former president, If that's true, it's mind blowing very concerning and merits deep investigation by Congress, of course. But what we do know for certain is that Iran is engaged in very serious efforts to undermine the Trump campaign and to prevent his election.


And they have succeeded in hacking the email of Trump Ally, I believe it was Roger Stone's email in an attempt to undermine his election prospects. And so they, they are trying to disrupt the president's efforts at reelection and have succeeded to a certain extent. And I will say we've heard, compared to what we heard about Russia's attempts in 2016 to aid the Trump campaign, we've heard a whole lot less about Iran's attempts to undermine the Trump campaign because I think it's a narrative that is unhelpful to Kamala Harris, that Iran does not want her opponent elected president.


They would rather have her, and it's one that the mainstream media does not particularly want to talk about. To the other topic you raised Megan, about how did this person know Trump would be there? Wait, Let, let me just, let me just correct myself here before you make your point because my team corrected me that Mar-a-Lago in Palm Beach doesn't have the golf course, that the golf course is this one at Trump International. So if he's at Mar-a-Lago, he's likely using this golf course. So that deduction would be rather easy. His other two are in Jupiter, Florida. And then there's another one I think in Miami, the Doral. So that, yeah, Doral. So that would explain if he knew Trump was at Mar-a-Lago, the likelihood of if he's golfing would be at this particular golf course, which is an important fact to know.


Sorry, keep, keep going. I don't know if that changes what you were gonna say. Well, to to your second point about, is there a leak, is there an agent inside the Trump campaign? Certainly you'd have to think that they're rattled, given that Trump made a last minute decision and Ryan Roth had been waiting for 12 hours. Look, if I were the a former president, I'd be shaken and quite nervous about that. And you have to think that law Enfor law enforcement officials are asking them these questions. This should obviously be a part of their investigation and that those who had contact with Trump would be talking about when did he disclose, when did he say he wanted to play golf?


To whom was that communicated? Who knew about this in what order? Yes. I have to assume this is being looked into. Who knew? Who knew? The, the Jupiter golf course, though is only 19 miles away and he does golf at Jupiter. I've mentioned before in the show, I, I know a kid who is a great golfer and he plays at the Jupiter Trump golf course and he sees Trump there all the time. And Trump, it goes there from Mar-a-Lago. So my original point stands, it's Mar-a-Lago doesn't have a golf course attached to it, but you could go to Jupiter or you could go to Trump International. How did this guy know? How did he place the right bet that Trump was gonna golf and that he was gonna be at this golf course?


We're gonna have to learn more about exactly when Trump decided to go there. I'm sure they're asking him exactly when he decided to go there and who he told. I'm sure there's a whole protocol around all of this, but this is just deeply disturbing, Emily. I don't, you know, I don't have faith in the FBII share Eric Trump's skepticism about them, and yet they've seized control of the investigation. And it's gonna be very hard no matter what Ron DeSantis does for Ron DeSantis to have an independent jurisdiction on this, because these will be federal charges and the feds will be in charge. Well, and as much as you know, some of Trump's opponents may not want to admit it.


The FBI, I mean in retrospect was very, very clearly involved in the Russia collusion investigation. And that's just one thing. So if we put it there, the Russia collusion, building that narrative out, because, you know, in the words of Peter struck, they wanted an insurance policy. And so the idea that just facially Trump supporters in this country, or nonpartisan people in this country would trust the FBI to now do a thorough and objective investigation here. Whether or not they actually are capable of doing it as a different question, how can you expect the American people, especially Trump supporters, to trust them to do the investigation? I mean, I think that is very, very obvious, which is why Ron DeSantis stepped into the gap.


I think that's both politically good for him, obviously, but I think it's actually just going to be helpful. And on the question of substance period, it it's just, you know, the, the actual plot, the Iranian assassination plot against the president combined with all of Susan's reporting there, which we are hearing very little of in some of these massive legacy outlets that have lots of sourcing in these agencies, is incredibly, incredibly important. Because this man, the suspect, the man who was apprehended, who left that rifle on the scene along with backpacks and a scope and a GoPro And, it may turn out that he was staking out the Jupiter k the Jupiter course and maybe had been doing this for a long time.


We don't know that those questions are also really important. But he was actively publicly seeking to make contacts with foreign governments. And that's where you can imagine potentially, and we have no idea, but potentially the Iranians and Iranian intelligence, looking at this crazy man who had published an ebook suggesting that Iran assassinate Trump, which, you know, who knows that's finding that would've been like a needle in the haystack for them. But what they could have seen is this man tweeting repeatedly at foreign governments going to Kiev saying publicly he was going to Kiev, going to Taiwan, saying publicly in recent months that he had been to Taiwan. And I just wanna read a, a tweet from Sean Vandiver, who was the head of the Afghan Evacu evacuation coalition effort.


And he said, when this guy's idiotic plan refrain to Roth made it to Afghan evac, our response was strong. My guidance was to stay the f away from him. That we weren't going to ask Afghans to go fight in this world, that war they've already done enough and have earned their spot in our country. So just what that means is this guy was known enough among the people who are in these kind of NGO spaces working in, you know, foreign military conflicts, that he was on their radar and was a known crazy person. Well, let me just add to that, Emily. Lemme just add to that. Yeah, he, he was, there's, there's zero question. He, he would've been on their radar because not to get too in the weeds, I want the audience to continue following us, but the New York Times interviewed this guy, the shooter, Ryan, Ralph Ralph, a couple of, well, a year ago because he was trying to organize foreign fighters to go fight in Ukraine in what appears to have been some haphazard hapless attempt to help the Ukrainians win the war.


And the New York Times spoke with him, and now the reporter who spoke with him is speaking out about how that came about. And he said, in the New York Times today, this is why I found how I found him and why I found him. I was put in touch with Mr. Ralph through an old colleague and friend from Kabul, Najim Rahim through the strange nexus of combatants. As one war ended and another began speaking of Afghanistan ending and Ukraine beginning, this guy, his friend from Kabul, had learned of Mr. Ralph from a source of his in Iran, a source of his in Iran.


So the guy in Afghanistan has a source in Iran who knows of Mr. Ralph. And the source in Iran is former Afghan special ops soldier who was trying to get out of Iran and fight in Ukraine. So you have a former Afghani guy soldier wanting to get out of Iran and go fight in Ukraine. And this guy speaks to the New York Times and says, you should interview this guy Ralph. He's trying to get people like me out of Iran and elsewhere to go fight in Ukraine. So that doesn't mean that the Iranians spoke to Ralph, Ralph But. it does certainly suggest they would have known about him.


If it's to the point where you've got Afghan soldiers in Iran contacting New York Times reporters to say, call this guy, he's pulling people out of Iran right now to go fight in Ukraine. There seems to be a little question that the, that the Iranians would know of him. I am not blaming this assassination attempt on Iran just connecting some weird dots after the Susan Crabtree reporting and saying, this needs to be thoroughly looked at. Go ahead. Well, I was gonna say we saw actually stuff like this play out during the Cold War and a lot of it we learned afterwards or years after it happened. But you see a really vulnerable person who is super anti-Trump or super pro Ukraine, super whatever it is, he was publicly insane.


I read through all of his posts on X last night, he had like 500 something I read through all of them, all of his replies. He was tweeting at Bono and all of these different, you know, celebrities. He Wanna buy a rocket from Elon, Right? And he was trying to broker meetings with Kim Jong Bo and all of this ostensibly for the cause of peace as he would've put it. But when you have someone who's doing that publicly and then is kind of known in this space, you could see how a foreign intelligence agency would look at that and say, this is somebody who could potentially be used. So not to go too far down that rabbit hole, but I do think in the context of Susan's reporting here, those questions are absolutely critical in addition to, I mean, a, we know that there was an Iranian assassination plot that was recently foiled against Donald Trump.


Oh yeah. So we put all of that together's, that's, I mean, there's that too. That's A big one. That's a big point to, to mention in the context of this discussion. It's possible that's all we know at this hour. It's possible. And we need a thorough investigation. I wanna pivot because you brought up Peter Str Emily. So Eliana Peter struck is relevant to the next topic that I wanna bring up, which is this alleged whistleblower out of a b, C news. We do not know whether this thing is worth the paper it's printed on. I wanna be respectful of A B, CI do. I this is, these are extraordinary allegations that we did not touch, you know, for, we didn't talk about the anticipation that the person who broke it on Twitter was building for days.


We did not know, we don't know anything about this Twitter poster could be totally legit. We just don't know, have no history of this guy. And I intentionally did not tweet about it yesterday. I just, I'm not sure and I wanna start with that. But the fact that a BC hasn't said anything about this is an outrage. They owe us at least a public denial or the campaign of Kamala Harris. And at this point, speaker Mon Mike Johnson, who according to the affidavit was sent a copy of this letter breaking this news, we reached out to them.


They have not provided us with a co confirmation or a denial yet. I'm sure they will. So we are gonna talk about it. But the reason I, I mentioned Peter str is he of course is he and his girlfriend Lisa Page were the two FBI agents who said, oh, we've got a plan B, we're gonna, you know, take down Donald Trump one way or the other, paraphrasing here. And we seen their texts, their pathetic little texts plotting against Trump. They sued the Department of Justice for releasing their private texts, even though these texts were made on their government phones. And they just got paid out by the DOJ agency that settles claims that decides when the government's gonna pay just to make the case go away. They got paid out a couple million dollars.


Well, a man named Tony West used to run that agency within the DOJ that that group within the DOJ, he doesn't anymore. Now he works as, or is on his le paid leave at the moment or leave at the moment from Uber as their chief counsel. But the reason I mentioned Tony West and the fact that he ran this division that does the payouts, is this man ran that division for a long time and he happens to be the brother-in-law of Kamala Harris. And according to the A BC whistleblower, this guy who over his tenure running that piece of the DOJ deciding who was gonna get paid out, what cases would be settled, doled out millions to unworthy plaintiffs who happened to be left wing to curry favor for the Democrats.


There was one case, according to the New York Post, which did long reporting on this back in August, they did this reporting in which the plaintiffs were about to lose. And he swooped in according to the post reporting and turned the whole thing around, gave them a multi-billion dollar, a $1.33 billion settlement, which was a quote stunning turnabout, even according to the New York Times, and caused much consternation within the DOJ vehement objections. The department's career lawyer saying, what are you doing? We're going to win this case. It was a bunch of farmers alleging discrimination.


And they said, you are settling this because of racial politics. And not only that, you inflated the number of plaintiffs from what are actually here because you wanted the de the Democrat law firms to get an even bigger settlement. They wound up gaining more than $130 million in fees. The projected settlement size ultimately ballooned over 4.4 billion as additional plaintiffs were including in added, including Native American farmers. And the government's own statistical expert said he was appalled, quote, if they had gone to trial, the government would've prevailed. It was a joke. I was disgusted.


It was simply buying the support of the Native Americans. And the, the windfall for the plaintiff's lead lawyer was reportedly some $60 million. That lead lawyer was a member of the Obama Biden transition team. That's a scandal around Kamala Harris's brother-in-Law. He's married to her sister Maya. The reason this is all background to the segment about the A BC affidavit, the alleged whistleblower, is that this whistleblower, the day before the debate said one of the topics the Kamala Harris team said would be hardcore off limits for the debate was anything about Tony West.


And not just that anything about President Biden's mental fitness, and not just that anything about Kamala Harris's time as the Attorney general of the state of California Eliana. They say she was given quote sample questions, not the actual questions, but sample questions. And that she was negotiating terms of this debate like they would fact check Donald Trump only alleges the whistleblower. That seems a bridge too far, but certainly that they would fact check Donald Trump prior to the debate.


What do you make of this bombshell affidavit? All right, I have a few thoughts on this affidavit. The first is that it would explain, I suppose, the wild bias that we saw from those a, b, c, new news moderators. And what we saw unfold, though I also assume just their general lack of professionalism and democratic bias could have also produced what we saw. Totally. I have to say, the dissemination of this affidavit through Twitter puzzles me a little bit coming from a coming as it does from a News insider where it's percolated on various Twitter accounts.


And it's been hard for me to understand what exactly the providence of this is and how seriously to take it. So to the whistleblower, if you're out there, there are news outlets that would like to speak with you and assess your credibility to contact us e Johnson and free beacon.com, at the Washington Free Beacon because yes, do it. It's very difficult for me to assess the credibility of the document without knowing who's behind it, what their role in putting together the debate was how they came to know that A, B, C was cutting these alleged deals. That being said, if what this whistleblower says is true, it's of course a big scandal.


And what explain a lot of what we saw, and I did go back and read the New York Times story on the deal that Tony West cut when he was at the Justice Department, and he's not just Kamala Harris's brother-in-Law. He's a senior advisor to her campaign, having supplanted her sister Maya, who played that role in her 2019 campaign to disastrous effect. But West is playing a major role in this campaign and handpicked Eric Holder to do the vetting of Tim Walls. 'cause those two served at the Justice Department together in the Obama administration. And I was very amused in the New York Times story, it says that he was handing out cash payments to minorities who didn't even allege any bias had taken place.


He was finding people and basically saying, here's $50,000, too much to the outrage of career government lawyers who said, this is totally inappropriate. That being said, it would seem weird to me that someone would ask a debate question about Tony West But. it wouldn't seem weird, seem like a, that her team would say he's off limits. It, it just seems sort of far that that part seems farfetched to me, the bit about her prosecutorial record and about fact checking Trump, but not her. That that seems, that seems much more realistic. But I mean, Biden's mental fitness for her to say like I believe exactly.


I I believe she would not wanna answer questions about that. I Totally, I totally agree. I I'm with you on that. I wanna say this somehow, I don't know how, but somehow this could be a massive troll, right? This could be somebody just trying to see, right, who will bite on this story, repeat the allegations. And so we need to be conscious of that. I do not wanna put, you know, our credibility behind this affidavit at this point, But it. There are very prominent, it's worth Meghan, That without any kind of whistleblower affidavit, a, b, C news and the co the way they conducted that debate is, is a scandal. It's Agreed Eliana, but, but, and to the, if any of this affidavit is true, a BC news is finished.


Agree. That's why it's a big deal. That's why, I mean, you've got Bill Ackman out there demanding that Bob Iger, I mean Bill Ackman is NN nothing to shake a stick at. He's a very prominent American citizen businessman and he's demanding that Bob Iger respond to this affidavit right now. And there are many others all over the internet demanding a response. Just deny it. Go on the record and say, this is bullshit. None of this is true. You know, come forward, the whistleblower should come forward with his I I think it's a he name and face and make these allegations on the record to your point so we can assess credibility, we can figure out whatever bias he has. He says he's not a Donald Trump supporter. He's not even gonna vote for Donald Trump in this election.


The thing that's the most persuasive about it to me, Emily, on the other side of the roster, like suggesting that this could indeed be real, is that it's dated September 9th. He says that it was sent certified mail to himself and Speaker Johnson on that day. And so this is before the debate ever happened and I'm just, I'm just, we've got a little time, so I'm gonna read you some of it, okay? 'cause people may wanna hear, hear this. He says he's Ben duly sworn you do sign an affidavit under penalties of perjury when he's committed a crime. If this is untrue. And if in fact it's a real affidavit, he says, this is my name though, it's been blocked out. I've worked for a, B, C news, A, B, C, and then lowercase news, which would be interesting for over 10 years in various technical, technical and administrative positions.


Now that right there is interesting technical and administrative positions is not a reporter. It's, it could be somebody who is in tech around the journalists who might be present as certain discussions are had. I mean it, the journalists often kind of forget about the tech people around them. They, they have enough to think about. They don't really think about the supportive tech staff and they certainly wouldn't be hiding conversations from these guys who you generally trust implicitly. But this guy goes on to say that bias is ran running rampant inside a, b, C news to the consternation of many of the employees. So maybe some of the tech guys or administrative people started to get upset because most interestingly, this guy's claiming he has tapes of the conversations he's alleging in this thing.


Okay, so I go on admin, technical and administrative positions. He says he's held since the acquisition of a BC news in 1996, which would've been before his tenure there. I have observed significant transformation in the nature of the news reporting here. Then the changes suggest a shift from unbiased reporting to a model influenced by external factors. For the record, I do not endorse Donald Trump in his capacity as a candidate for president. The intent of this affidavit is to address concerns regarding perceived biases within the, the news reporting by my employer at this debate that will be hosted tomorrow, September 10th, skipping over some things. But he says it's common knowledge that debate moderators as well as chief executive officers of my, of my employer are well known not to support Donald Trump, which led to several employees speaking up in regards to how fair this debate would be.


We were given assurances the debate would be fair and no one would be given an unfair advantage. It is my belief that contemporary news organizations, including a, b, c news, no longer adhere to impartiality. He goes on to say the specific instances of perceived bias are as follows. This is what he's claiming. He knows prior to the debate, the Harris campaign received particular, particular accommodations, including but not limited to providing of a podium significantly smaller than that used by Donald Trump. Well, I think we all saw that that definitely happened. I don't know that that's inappropriate. She's five two and assurances regarding split screen television views that would favorably impact Kamala Harris' appearance relative to Trump.


That's interesting. It was agreed that Donald Trump would be subjected to fact checking during the debate while Kamala Harris would not face comparable scrutiny. Now that's totally outta line. If that is true, if there is one word of that that is true, that they agreed with her team, they would be fact checking Trump and or agreed she wouldn't be facing comparable scrutiny. These guys are toast toast the debate moderator Lindsay Davis is out there already saying we'd have, we planned to fact check Trump. We saw the criticism against CNN for not fact-checking Trump. And that's why we had all these fact-checkers across a B, C running down his claims he'd made at interviews or in rallies. Now that would be a normal thing to do as a debate moderator, but you would do it for both sides.


I don't know whether they did it for Kamala Harris. I certainly saw that they never once fact checked her, but this guy's saying there was an agreement that Trump would be subjected to fact checking to the, during the debate and Kamala Harris would not. And it's unclear to me because he starts the bullets by saying that the Kamala Harris campaign received particular accommodations. And then this is in a second bullet that just says it was agreed that, so what does that mean? Agreed within A, B, C or agreed with the Harris campaign. And then he goes on to say various people were signed to fact check observations, it was perceived candidate Trump would make during the debate.


And then he goes on to say, in fact, Harris campaign required assurances that Donald Trump would be fact checked, checked this was done via multiple communications with the Harris campaign, whereas the Trump campaign was not included in the negotiations. To my understanding, any rules negotiations and conversations pertaining to the debate should have been with both camps involved and the, the Harris campaign had numerous more calls. He writes regarding the debate rules without the Trump campaign aware or on the call. So he is saying that this was done directly with the, with Team Harris, that they were assured they would fact check Trump and he alleges she would not face comparable scrutiny.


If this guy's got that on tape, they're done. They're toast. If they did that, I cannot underscore the height of unethical behavior that would reach, they are likely going to deny this. They're going to be forced to respond to this. They may say this whole thing was a hoax, and I've gotta be honest with you, members of the audience, it might be, we don't know. What I see here is what purports to be a sworn statement to this effect. They go on to say the Harris campaign was provided with sample questions that while not the exact questions covered, similar topics that would appear during the debate. Furthermore, the Harris campaign imposed restrictions on the scope of questioning, including one no questions regarding the perceived health of President Joe Biden.


Two no inquiries related to her tenure as AG and San Francisco. That's confused because he was, she was DA in San Francisco. She was Ag of the state thereafter. Three no questions concerning her brother-in-law. Tony West, who faces allegations of embezzling not quite right, billions of dollars in taxpayer funds who may be involved in her administration if elected. Last but not least, there are other things in here. You can go and read it yourself. He signs it. He got it notarized on September 9th, 2024 to ensure that the allegations are formally documented prior to the debate. He says, I've also dispatched a FedEx package containing this affidavit sent on December 9th, delivered to my own residence on September 10th, which will remain unopened for potential investigative purposes.


I've also sent a certified letter to Speaker Mike Johnson dated September 9th to establish a record that the correspondence was sent before the debate. And finally, he says, for further investigation, I have secretly recorded several conversations that will prove that the Harris campaign insisted upon not only the fact checking of Donald Trump, but also insisted on what questions were not to be asked under any circumstances or else the Harris campaign would decline to participate in the debate. The man who broke this online goes by the Twitter handle black insurrectionist. I would like to tell him that technically there it wasn't an insurrection. He's a Trump supporter, says he's maga all the way, and he says there's a transcript of some of these recordings that he begged the person to allow him to release.


But the person said no. He speculated the goal would be to have a, B, c, deny it and then drop the transcript and or the tape recording. I don't know. This is really specific and if it's a long con, they went to a lot of effort. Eliana, a lot of effort. Let's hear the tapes. I'm ready for the tapes. Senator, talk to the whistleblower and go from there. You're right, it is, it is elaborate and specific. How about you, Emily? Do they, do they need A, B, C And Kamala Harris, I mean they, she's accused of cheating. Make no mistake.


She's accused of cheating. And a BC is accused of cheating here. Do they need to respond including Bob Iger? Well, yeah, because this is getting so much traction online. I mean, they feel the need to respond to every breath of disinformation. So they might as well respond to this, which is, you know, much more than a single breath of disinformation. It's gone very viral. And so it should be very easy if none of this is true, to just immediately say it's not true. And I would say TikTok to both ends, TikTok to the person who leaked this, which I agree to Eliana's point, if you're somebody who works in a major news outlet like this, you would imagine they would be sort of media savvy enough to not drop it to a kind of random Twitter account.


But at the same time, there could be reasonable explanations for why that happened. So TikTok on your end, if you wanted to wait for ABC to issue in denial to release the transcripts and the recordings, let's see them. And on ABC's end, if this is not true, just prove it's not true. It's so easy, it's so easy to just go on the record and have people implicated in this go on the record. So I'm curious to see how it develops. And I would just underscore a couple of points you just made as well, Megan, that there were a couple of conspicuous things that happened in the debate. One, no question about Biden's Health, I did find that to be extremely interesting and, and no question about Kamala Harris's prior knowledge of Biden's Health, her position on Biden's Health.


And the fact of the matter is the last debate was with a different candidate and they switched out a candidate at the last moment. It's one of the biggest stories in political history. It didn't get a question at the debate when unmentioned it was gonna be the only debate after that happened. I mean, it's just insane. So that to me is very strange that I thought that was conspicuously absent from the debate. There were a lot of dumb questions, but that one was, was big. Also. The four on zero fact check, which would correspond with this affidavit, I, I thought was weird. All of the, I mean, usually just for the sake of covering their butts, they'll throw in a fact check of the other candidate. So it was somewhat odd and would seem to correspond with the affidavit that they literally did not do a single fact check on. Joe Biden. And I remember also a BC news was hit with a huge leak when Amy Robach tape about Jeffrey Epstein, the network killing her story went to Project Veritas just a couple of years ago and that was a camera on camera recording so it could potentially even be the same person.


Somebody who works on the tech side had a copy of that. These things do leak. There are tech people, production people that can make these recordings of people when they think the cameras are off or when they think, you know, the, it's not on air, or maybe they just record on their phones while people are reeling and dealing on their own cell phones on set, they're, you know, not micd up yet, but they're getting micd up and so they're talking to somebody on the phone. Those things absolutely can happen. So it's not implausible that that would have been the case in this position. And Donna Bra Brazil, obviously we know about the famous example of Donna Bra Brazile sending questions to the Clinton campaign when she worked at and who does she work for now? cnn, right?


Yeah. Hey, that's right. A, B, C, that's right. A BC News hired her knowing she had cheated to help the Democrat at a presidential debate And then Trump against, I've been marveling about this debate for, for months and now and then they, yeah, and now they're accused. They got another Debate after doing that. I mean, taking somebody who cheated in a debate, admitted to it and then hiring them and then getting another debate. I mean, these things are insane, but it's sort of the set of circumstances that the Trump campaign is forced and Republicans, not just Trump, but Republicans everywhere are forced to deal with this is a massive corporate media outlet. This is Disney. They don't really have a choice to just not work with them. I mean, I think they should, it's easy for me to say, but like, it's insane the levels of corruption that we already know about.


So we personally, we reached out to a b, C news. We, the Megyn, Kelly Show reached out to a b, C news and we have no response from them whatsoever. And we reached out to Speaker Johnson's office. Again, they're not yet in a position to con confirm or deny, I'm sure they're checking their mail, right? Like I, who knows, I'm sure they get a ton of mail and they're probably trying to go, this guy seems like an unknown, maybe in some stack of like constituent mail that they probably wanna go through. I think we'll get more information from them. But A, B, c news cannot bury the story by simply not responding to it. It's serious and specific enough that a response is warranted. And frankly the same for Kamala Harris's team, which has been accused of unethical behavior here and cheating and truly given the fact that this would absolutely devastate a, b, c news.


If any piece of this turns out to be true, if they have tapes of them agreeing to this stuff with Kamala Harris on UnHerd her team, it, it really, it will be the end of ABC News. I mean, it, it, it will be a, the kind of scandal that could actually shutter an organization. It won't because the left controls media But it, it could And it should. They have to respond, at least deny it on the record. We've tried to reach out to our sources there to say, Hey, you know what, what do you make of it so far? No one's denying it on the record. So that's what we need. That's what we would like to see. Or, or, or maybe they'll admit some piece of it, but the fact that this guy says he's got tapes, I think is slowing down the response. If this is true.


Well, so obviously Kamala Harris has a very good friend I'd to see more of a push to make them respond. Go ahead Emily. Well, I was just gonna say the other thing, the other hugely important piece of this puzzle is Kamala Harris has a very good longtime friend who Harris has accredited with setting up her and Doug Emh Hof as a couple who is an executive at a BBC news. Yep. And allegedly recused herself from the debate. But again, the plausibility of this, if you're just sort of imagining the hypotheticals, is that Tony West has this channel to her and some of this stuff just got transmitted casually, socially, totally off the record, and then somebody repeated it, something like that. But there are all kinds of channels that this information can sort of flow through to result in something like this.


So again, no idea, but hypothetically, when you have connections at the executive level like that, it is easy to back channel demands and negotiations like this. Yeah. Who knows, maybe this person's administrative at that level up at the Dana Walden level who we just, we have no idea. I do feel the need to underscore the shooter, attempted assassin of President Trump could just be some random nutcase that is possible. Could just be some random loon who hated Trump. This affiant in this affidavit could be trolling us all along with, with respect to this guy who goes by Black Insurrectionist, who we don't know, who, it doesn't have like a big history of who breaking huge news stories.


And so you've gotta be very wary, you know, we get punked all the time on the internet on X and with people who have ill motives, those of us who are in the straight news reporting business. We do have to be careful. And as I say, we were on the fence about reporting these allegations at all. But given the specificity and the fact that it's growing now with some prominent business leaders and others directly demanding that Bob Iger respond and given the stakes of what's being alleged here, pressure needs to be brought to, to bear on a, b, c news. A response is required. And same to you Kamala Harris.


Alright, standby. Ladies gonna take a quick break and we will come right back. What a news day. I'm m Kelly host of the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM. It's your home for open, honest, and provocative conversations with the most interesting and important political, legal and cultural figures today. You can catch the Megyn Kelly Show on Triumph, a SiriusXM channel featuring lots of hosts you may know and probably love great people like Dr. Laura. I'm back, Nancy Grace, Dave Ramsey, and yours truly m Kelly. You can stream the Megyn Kelly Show on SiriusXM at home or anywhere you are. No car required. I do it all the time. I love the SiriusXM app. It has ad free music coverage of every major sport Comedy Talk podcast and more. Subscribe now. Get your first three months for free. Go to SiriusXM dot com slash mk show to subscribe and get three months free. That's SiriusXM dot com slash mk show and get three months free offer. Details apply.


You have a vision for your business. Your priority might be to expand facilities or bring in the best talent at Sentry Insurance. We listen, learn, and work to understand your business and your plans to help protect your new locations as your business evolves and your vision comes true sentry right by you. Property and casualty coverages are render written and safety services are provided by a member of the Century Insurance Group, Stevens Point, Wisconsin. For a complete listing of companies, visit sentry.com. Policies, coverages, benefits and discounts are not available on Allstate Sea policy for complete coverage details.


There's so much more to get to and we, we, the we're we're gonna go over, Emily can stay over Eliana sadly has to leave us, but we'll, we'll try to get in as much as we can. Love you ladies for sticking around and as always like this, how many times have we been doing this where some massive event has happened this summer and one of our favorite shows with the ejs gets kind of smooshed. I wanna tell you that on the subject of, is there some sort of a conspiracy who was involved in this alleged, you know, well, in this actual assassination attempt, there is the sheriff down in the Mar-a-Lago in Mar-a-Lago area. The Palm Beach area had a presser earlier today. And it's getting a lot of attention because it appears that you can hear him questioning whether this is part of a bigger conspiracy.


Let's listen To my knowledge. Does he have any ties to Martin Kennedy? I think the answer to my knowledge, the answer is no. I have no knowledge. I think what we're finding out he's not from this area, which of course raises the bigger question, is how does a guy from not here get all the way to mar to Trump international, realize that the president, former president of the United States is golfing and is able to get a rifle in that vicinity. I think that's the question. The FBI secret service or, or or laser focused on today. Is this guy part of a conspiracy? Is he a lone gunman? He's a lone gunman. President Trump is that much safer because we have him.


But if he's part of a conspiracy, then this whole thing really takes on a very ominous tone. Well said Eliana. He's exactly right, because if we don't ask honestly whether he's part of a conspiracy, just gonna happen again, Happen. Well, it is heartening to hear that law enforcement officials are sort of thinking the same way along the lines of what we discussed, which is how on earth did this guy know this when it was a, a, a spontaneous decision by the president and that we can't take for granted that this guy was acting alone and that this is very much at the forefront of their minds. Wait a minute. Sorry, Eliana, I was just getting something in my ear as you were finishing that up.


Debbie Murphy. Can you repeat what you just said to me? Okay. Okay. Debbie Murphy is telling me that the New York Times is already going after folks like Dan Bino and Charlie Kirk. Dan Bino, a popular right wing podcaster wrote on Rumble the video streaming platform that there was a distinct possibility there may be more going on behind the scenes than it appears like possibly a mole inside the Secret Service offering no evidence. Charlie Kirk, a Rew po podcaster and founder of Turning Point USA conservative group, asked his followers to find the supposed links between Mr. Ruth and anyone in US military or intel circles.


Then they go on to say, researchers who study misinformation of long fear that falsehoods and conspiracy theories from right wing sources have worsened extremism and polarization in the us Oh my God. And then they blame Elon Musk on Twitter. I mean, this is so irresponsible. This is what happens, Emily, you, you, you literally ask questions. And I'm not talking about the ask covering, just asking questions, just asking questions that people use online to espouse the most insane bullshit I'm talking about legitimately asking who was behind this guy. If anyone, which is a normal and responsible thing to ask in the wake of an a second attempted assassination and what happens, they get shamed by the New York Times as being pushers of misinformation who push falsehoods and conspiracy theories from the right wing who worsen extremism and polarization.


This is maddening. And listen, they're not even gonna deal with as, as you just brought out Susan Crabtree's reporting. They just wanna dismiss and hand wave Dan Bonino as like a crazy talk show host, even though he actually has a lot of knowledge in the space, probably more than their reporter in this case, can we say the Secret Service, but Yep. And his, their sources wanna protect the secret service, obviously, which is what we saw the Secret Service itself doing when it denied a lot of Susan's early reporting after Butler, that would eventually be confirmed and was, you know, it, it's held up very well. And so they'll just try to find someone they can dismiss as a crank so that they don't have to deal with some of the more serious reporting that their sources don't wanna deal with.


So their sources will point them in one direction and say, go after Bon Gino, and then they won't deal with somebody who is, you know, writing in real clear politics, very serious reporting that is out doing their reporting, quite frankly. So these smears, I mean one of the things that you hear from like actual tinfoil hack conspiracy theorists, but it's legitimately true, is that the term conspiracy theory was popularized as a way to discredit conspiracy theorists And. it sort of taken on this pejorative meaning. But a lot of times what we see happen in retrospect is that conspiracy is used to describe people, multiple people acting in concert, you know, conspiring behind the scenes And. it turns out that it wasn't, you know, conspiracy in the pejorative sense, But, it was conspiracy in the literal sense that there were people who were working together.


And here we have a gunman who was not supposed to have a gun, who scraped the serial numbers allegedly off of the gun. He was a, he was a felon, he was a convicted felon many times over. So how does he get the gun? He is now being charged with that One very natural question would be, how did he obtain a gun if there was nobody else Involved? Did somebody give it to her? They're, yeah, that's Eric Trump was saying and they had it even paraded all the way across the highway and across this, you know, grassy area leading up to the fence. Like, or did somebody leave it there? Emily's gonna stay with me. Eliana's gotta run. She's a very busy lady. She does a lot and she's gotta hopefully take a call from the whistleblower. Any moment, Emily, thanks for sticking around. Okay, so I wanna talk about what happened with JD Vance on CNN over the weekend as Dana.


Bash seems determined to ruin her reputation as a journalist at every appearance she makes. Whether, and she did find it that that debate that they hosted in June, her interview of Harris Walls was a disaster on every level. And then she has these sit downs with JD Vance who does her, the courtesy of going on UnHerd show. And all she does is reveal her bias. He came on this past weekend, the left is so upset about the cat and dog meme. They don't give a shit about the dead women and children, but they're very pissed off that they can't find a dead cat or dog directly eaten by a Haitian.


That's, that's where they've decided to plant their flag. So she has JD Vance on the show, and I'm gonna show you a little exchange. It was very long. It was 17 minutes, which we're not gonna show But. it began with her saying, okay, the Mayor of Springfield said to, said JD Vance, all these federal politicians that have negatively spun our city, they need to know they're hurting our city. And. it was their words that did it. She will later claim that this is him saying that JD Vance was responsible for bomb threats. That is not what she said. And that is not what the mayor said.


He said, neg, he said, politicians that have negatively spun our city need to know they're hurting our city. And. it was their words that hurt their words. Bash says to JD Vance, why are you putting your constituents at risk? It's amazing how it works. Okay. So that's how she tees it up to JD Vance and this is what happened next. Instead of saying things that are, are wrong and actually causing the hospitals, the schools, the government buildings to be evacuated because of bomb threats because of the cats and dogs thing. Why not actually be constructive in helping to better integrate them?


So I wanna start with something you said, which I think is frankly disgusting and is more appropriate for a democratic propagandist than it is for an American journalist. There is nothing that I have said that is led to threats against these hospitals, these hospitals, the bomb threats and so forth. It's disgusting. You just accused me of inciting violence against the community. I, I, I agree. You don't wanna talk about policy again? No. What I wanna talk about, talking about what I wanna talk about Instead of about the fact, Senator Harris, your distractions. I noticed that when you had Kamala Harris and Tim Waltz, you gave them multiple choice answers to the questions that you asked, and you allowed them to answer the questions you accused me of causing a bomb threat.


Doesn't that mean you should shut up about the residents of Springfield? Don't you realize I, you're engaged in basic propaganda. I was to silence the concerns of American citizens. Please. I Was quoting, I was quoting the actual mayor of Springfield, Ohio, But he did not accuse me of inciting a bomb threat. He just didn't. And she hung onto that like a dog with a bone suggesting that he had good for JD Vance, Emily. I mean, I, you can't do it much better than he's been doing it. And that interview is further proof. But my God, how she dug in trying to make him responsible for the bomb threats. By the way, we've checked, we don't know who called in the bomb threats.


We have zero idea who's behind that as of this hour. But Dana Bash is super clear that it was done as a result of JD Vance and Donald Trump, Which by the way, could be incentive for people on the left to call in bomb threats knowing that it'll be pinned immediately by someone like Dana Bash to JD Vance. So we have no idea. She has no idea before she used her time on a Sunday show to question him in that way. And, you know, I would add to this, I went back and looked at mainstream media. So-called mainstream media coverage of Springfield, Ohio before the cat and dog memes started to take off. The New York Times did do a story in early September about what had happened in Springfield, Ohio.


But there was basically no coverage of what was happening to this 50 plus person town roughly that had gotten an influx of 20,000 migrants. And this is what makes it actually all very interesting because it raises the question for Republicans and all of the communications folks that work on the Republican side. And you know, I talk to many of them all the time. They're gonna look at this and say, how are we supposed to get any corporate press attention, any so-called mainstream media, press attention to a 20,000 person influx into a 50,000 plus person town, 58,000 person town in Ohio. If they don't wanna cover it until they can make hay about cat and dog means because JD Vance had been talking about Springfield, Ohio going back months.


There was a horrible tragedy in Springfield, Ohio about a year ago. Me, the, the media would not pay attention to it. And so the only time they can pay attention to it is when it becomes a negative story. Not about Democrats, not about the Harris, the Biden Harris administration that had created these conditions since the pandemic for this mass influx of people into this town in Ohio. But they will talk about it when it becomes a negative story for Republicans. I would be the first to say, I don't think Trump and Vance have necessarily handled the story perfectly at all from like a communications perspective. But then if you're them, you look around and you say, well, what the hell am I supposed to do? My constituents have been calling me for years saying they have problems and I can't get anybody to pay attention to it until something outrageous happens.


And you can make it a negative story about me. I mean, it's just insane. It's insane. If you go back and look at the lack of coverage leading up to what, like last week, other than that one New York Times story, They don't, they don't care. They, they want those stories to be buried in their counting on the top candidates. Not to say anything that would unearth them and call too much attention to them because they undermine the whole plan of filling the country. She says to him, here's a couple things, okay, first she says, the Clark County Sheriff and the Ohio Department of Natural Resources reviewed 11 months of 9 1 1 calls. And she says they only identified two instances of people alleging Haitians were taking geese out of parks.


They found zero evidence to substantiate those claims. Now, let me explain to you something. Dana Bash evidence includes eyewitness testimonials and 9 1 1 calls. The fact that they then couldn't find the men who took the geese and find them eating goose does not prove that it didn't happen. What random citizen months before this became a political issue in the news, would just try to punk 9 1 1 by being like, I saw guys steal geese and cut their heads up or whatever they're alleging in these calls. Like it's absurd. They found zero evidence to substantiate, I'm sure they did a full fledged investigation of the geese stealing claims, the absurdity of her assurance that it didn't happen because of that.


Then she goes on to say to jd, so instead of saying things that are wrong and actually causing the hospitals and the schools and the government buildings to be evacuated because of bomb threats, so there she directly pins it on him instead of saying wrong things, she's the arbiter and causing bomb threats because of the cats and dogs thing. Why not actually be constructive and helping to better integrate these people into the community? Right? And you hear JD Vance say, you are disgusting. What you just said is disgusting. There's nothing I've said that has led to threats against these hospitals, these bomb threats and so forth. That's disgusting. And all I could think was, she's so sure it's JD Vance raising attention on this story.


What happened, what actually happened last week that got the national attention that caused Trump to know about this story? It was the town hall, the town council meeting they held in Springfield, Ohio, which made shocking news locally and nationally as the citizens of Springfield came one after the other to the microphone saying, my mother-in-law got run over and killed by one of these. I can't go outta my front lawn because I'm an elderly woman and I'm terrified I can't go into the grocery store without them seeing, without them opening up jars of spaghetti sauce, sticking their hand inside and eating it, and then leaving it behind all the complaints of the residents of Springfield.


Why couldn't that be? What potentially led to some death threat by somebody who'd had it with the nonsense? Why does it have to be the words of Dana B's least favorite politicians? Hmm. Right? And you know, Americans all over the country, and for years, not just recently, but have been working hard to integrate new influxes influxes of people from different parts of the world. I mean, this is, you know, there, there are a lot of Americans who are trying, but at a certain point, again, we're talking about 20,000 people. I mean, the scale of this influx in Springfield is, is wild and decent people who are trying, but have testified personally at town hall meetings and in other ways that it's a strain.


They've told the New York Times, for example, that it is a strain on housing costs. That it's just been a strain on the school systems. So while the cats and dog stuff, I would say has neither been proven nor thoroughly debunked, what we can see very clearly is that this is a community that is struggling because of mass migration facilitated by the policies of the Biden Harris administration. So the fact that Dana Bash and a lot of the corporate press has now spent a week frothing over how this is JD Vance and Donald Trump's faults and you know, now tying bomb threats to them and all of that stuff, while they have not then seriously asked Kamala Harris or or Joe Biden over and over and over again and in very personal terms, to talk to that woman who testified at the town hall meeting about people in her yard.


That that frighten her because they're strangers who are camped out in her yard about people who are taxpayers who are being priced out of housing because of this. W why aren't they being made to look those people in the face and say, you pay my salary. And you know, I still think it's on you to integrate 20,000 people, not 5,000, not even 10,000, 20,000 people into your town. There's never a human interest in the other direction that is pressing the candidates. I mean, it's not like Megan, you've said earlier, there are people and Trump tried to raise this, set the debate. There are people who are being, every, every person I've talked to, people in Mexico, I've gone to the border onto the Mexican side and they will say, every single person who crosses the river or crosses the border has paid.


This is mass human trafficking. People are suffering on the way. You rarely ever, ever, ever, ever, ever hear the media ask Democrats to ask to answer for the human interest. The tragedy. That's right when it comes to that. Nothing, Nothing. In fact, always the other one, you know, we get, we get, we get rich fat cat celebrities trying to weigh in. Yes. And tell us there's really nothing going on here. Look someplace else. I give you John Legend just to local Springfield guy, you know, he's just living next to the 90 pound el older woman who says, I'm terrified, too scared to go out in my front lawn. He's just like her. Listen to him.


So you might imagine there are some challenges with, you know, integrating a new population, new language, new culture, new dietary preferences, all kinds of reasons why there might be growing pains. I grew up in the Christian tradition. How about we adopt that ethos when we talk about immigrants moving to our communities and don't spread hateful, xenophobic, racist lies about them. Let me show you where John Legend lives with Chrissy, Tegan.


See if you tell, you tell me whether he can relate to the residence of Springfield. He says it's his hometown. This tree actually is an olive tree that used to be alive for real, but it's not alive now. Was formerly alive. We embalmed it, we embalmed it. This is Luna's bedroom guys. And how cool is this bedroom? She has a slide that she goes both up and down. Yeah, miles loves cars. If you can't tell the centerpiece is of course the the Jeep bunk bed. Okay, now we're in the backyard, we've got a pool, we've got miles, we've got master turf, we've got a water slide over there. Bye. Sorry. Take care. We've loved having you.


Bye. Oh my God. A slide inside AstroTurf the embalmed olive tree. But he's just like the re they should just suck it up and do the Christian thing and accept the migrants, Emily. Oh yes, of course. Yes. And you know, the celebrity like tabloid publications, they don't need to amplify what John Legend is saying by the way, but they do for the sake of mining clicks. So they didn't have to amplify the fact that he has like no expertise here at all. He has no stake in the Springfield community.


There's really no reason for 'em to write stories amplifying, you know, him shaming well, he's from there implicitly shaming. So he totally gets everybody and he totally gets how they should totally be fine with every one of those 20,000 migrants. Yeah, of course. And you know what I was thinking just in the past week, the, the last time that I was in Mexico, I was talking to a ton of Haitian migrants because it was during a wave of Haitian migration. And I was on the other side of the border wall in Reno and Mme. Morris and I was talking to people, I was talking to Mexican NGO workers and they said the Haitians are known for being hard workers around here. They're all picking up jobs. And that was sort of what the factory owner in Springfield, Ohio said to the New York Times. I wish I had 30 more Haitian workers to fill these positions.


'cause they're great workers. And I remember also talking to the Haitians themselves. They were trying to describe why it was that they were camping in a cartel city for months on end, just waiting for American border policy to change. And they were trying to explain it. And at one point I said, are you trying to describe the American dream? And they all lit up and they were like, yes, the American dream, the American dream. But they were economic migrants. They were making false asylum claims in many, many cases. That was, they didn't have the credible fear. They weren't, you know, fleeing political violence because they had mostly lived in Brazil and Argentina since the earthquake in 2010, they'd gone to have safe middle class lives. They just wanted the quote American dream. That's like awesome, amazing news.


But 20,000 people in the town is crazy. So of course there are going to be social and economic strains, and the media doesn't take those seriously. They just latch on to these neither proven nor debunked, outrageous stories about cats and dogs. Which again, I think republicans could have handled much better. But the media through like the, the media will just take those and not talk about any of the serious issues and act as those dates. That's right. Don't discredit all of the other serious issues. And the Biden administration has barely gotten questioned for years about asylum. There, there there's, there's, there's the one father of the 11-year-old boy who was killed on a school bus along with 20 other children who were hurt by a, a Haitian migrant. And the father's out there saying, I wish my son had been killed by a 60-year-old white man because I don't want this being used to attack the Haitians.


With all due respect to this father. That's not for him to say because other people's 11-year-old boys are still alive and in danger. Given the way these Haitians are driving everyone on both sides of the aisle is, is admitting on the record that it's a massive problem, the driving that they're doing, endangering the children and the community members, not to mention all the other things that we just discussed. So with all due respect to that father, he does not get to tell us that we can't discuss the fact that his child was killed by one of these migrants. This is not about only his poor child, God rest him. It's about everyone's children, children. And, and so it must be discussed, there's a responsibility to discuss it. And secondly, this is how corrupt the media is.


So Chris Ruffo, he's, you've been fighting the DEI war and doing a great job of it. He's actually not a conservative, but they always try to dismiss him because he's a conservative act, but he is not. Anyway, he put out a reward for anyone who could actually show him evidence of cats being killed in and eaten in Springfield or the area. And sure enough, he got it. He got a picture, which he reported on X over the weekend. It's disgusting. It shows pretty clearly to me, shows two cats skinned and on a barbecue. I mean literally on a barbecue, you, you couldn't ask for more.


Here's the, a soundbite of the guy who brought it to Chris Ruffo as the evidence it had been taken prior to Chris Ruff o's call for submissions. That was one of the conditions of his, you know, his bargain. But watch this. Sorry, it's disturbing. Yo, what is this? They got on the grill, We blurred it. Well, you can see it online. That's probably the way we call it. Man, they gonna cat right there. His ass better get missing, man. Look like it's homies on the grill, man. What the fuck? So Debbie Murphy, even though she's a heartless Canadian, didn't think you can handle that. It was probably the right call.


Debbie, not even, it's dark. She has her limits only with animals. So it's disgusting. It looks like very clearly two cats and listen to this. Okay, so CBS news decides to go report, and this is in Dayton, which is the, the town right next to Springfield. Oh, but it's not Springfield. Okay. Alright. And I guess technically these are Africans from the Democratic Republican Republic of the Congo. They're not Haitians, so, okay, whatever the average American is like, there's effing cats on the barbecue steps from Springfield.


So CBS reports and says, police in Dayton have said, there's no evidence that immigrants are eating pets except my eyes. My eyes are the evidence. Then they say the man filming this footage alleges without evidence that they are cats. They what? Then they say the new allegation prompted backlash and skepticism with many users saying the carcasses look, look more like chickens. Tastes like chicken. No, they don't look like chickens. We've all cooked chickens. We know what chickens look like.


Then they went to veterinary experts, veterinary experts for their opinion on what type of carcass is on the grill. They did not include any feedback from the veterinarians in their article, just that they have reached out. Just, I, I can't believe the media is doing this. And again, ignoring the dead people as though they're not the story, the only thing they need to do is disprove that. Those are two cats on the Barbie. I'm so mad at Ruo for forcing us to talk about this.


Megan, this is just crazy as fault. That video, honestly, I think is hilarious by the way the narrator is so funny. But your point is completely correct that why were they not spending the last year debunking? You are going to places like New York City, Washington, DC where they have their bureaus and talking to working class often, by the way, black people in those cities or in cities like Springfield. Why weren't they sending people there for the last year to debunk claims from high profile Democrats, including the president, the vice president and elected officials in those democratic areas or in those states.


Why weren't they debunking all of their claims that everything was fine and that this migration was just legitimate asylum claims. It was a wave of people with legitimate post covid asylum claims, fleeing covid economies and political violence and gang violence occurred. But why weren't they spending the last couple years debunking all of those claims? Why are they just debunking these claims? They've done so little to actually dispel the myths and lies frankly, that have been propagated by Democrats that are so much worse. I mean, listen, like I've said this, I, I just don't think Republicans handled this perfectly, but at the same time, oh my gosh, Democrats have handled this issue 20 times worse, 200 times worse.


And there's been so little debunk, debunking of the nonsense that they have spewed that is so much more serious, which is possibly why republicans now feel the need to go outrageous with it, because they're not being heard when they say anything else. I mean, it's just insane. So she, and there is, by the way, to your point, there is evidence of this, it's called first person testimonies that have been raised before it became a controversy. That's what JD Vance kept trying to tell her. He's like, I have constituents who have come to me and said this is happening. He said of the, you know, let's say I get a dozen complaints, 10, we could verify easily with other evidence, a couple we couldn't. But this is out there and we've seen it ourselves. And for the racism claim, the guy who said it at the town hall that they took the, the ducks, he said out of a, out of the town pond and beheaded them, he's black.


The guy doing this video is black. So it's like, all right, is everybody just a, like, they're all racist. Like is this, it's it's just ridiculous. They normally in an interview where you're gonna go tough on a guy like she did on Vance, you might end it with one freebie for him. Like there's, to your point, like there's no question there is a problem with the amount of immigrants, 10.4 million we've had under Joe Biden, and it's more than that. 'cause that doesn't count the god aways in certain communities. It was whatever. Give him something so he can offer his POV on the actual problem. And she did have the opportunity to close it with something strong.


This is where she went sought 17. Do you, do you condemn the proud boys? Even if it's just 12, even if it's just one marching in Springfield. Dana, I condemn all white supremacists. I'm obviously not. I'm I'm married to a non-white person. I don't like these people. But I think that we have to keep our focus not on 12 marchers going down the street, but on the fact that thousands of residents have had their lives destroyed by Kamala Harris's policy. I find this very unusual, Dana, that the American media is more interested in a bunch of losers marching down the street than they are in the fact that Kamala Harris has made these people's lives worth this.


I condemn violence and threats of violence. I'm, I'm glad to hear that you condemn it. That is very important. The school Mar so obnoxious. It's, it's just so smug and patronizing as though she is the arbiter of what is an appropriate level of condemnation. That's very important. I mean, give Me a break. Very important, very important. Do you condemn Dana Bash the migrants who have killed an elderly woman with the car and an 11-year-old boy and who are, you know, shitting in public whatever else they, they alleged that town hall, it was dark. Do you condemn, how about you? It's very important You condemn the policies that led to it. Does she, does she condemn the policies that led to it?


I'd love to know. Yeah, I just also, while I have you, why didn't you ask Kamala Harris about this when you had had her just curious, why didn't you, is there a reason you didn't bring this up, you didn't think this was important? I guess just, just asking, asking for a friend. But he was exactly right. Look at the difference between the way she, she treated Kamala Harris in her sit down with her and the way she treated JD Vance in that interview. It's disgusting and it's an utter fail as a journalist. Then JD Vance trying to raise the point that nobody would cover this until he started talking about it then, then we had the town hall and all that trying to say like, you guys don't cover this. You don't cover these stories. Used a turn of phrase about creating a story And, it was very clear what he meant.


She jumped all over it and now the left is jumping all over it, including Kamala Harris. Totally dishonest. Watch Dana. The evidence is the firsthand account of my constituents who are telling me that this happened. And by the way, I've been trying to talk about the problems in Springfield for months and the American media ignored it. The American media totally ignored this stuff until Donald Trump and I started talking about cat memes. If I have to But, it Wasn't just A meme, right? If I to create stories so that the American media actually pays attention to the suffering of the American people, then that's what I'm gonna do, Dana, because you guys are completely letting Kamala Harris coasts, You just said that this is a story that you created.


Yes. So, so the the eating dogs and cast thing is not Accurate. We are creating, we are Dana, it comes from firsthand accounts from my constituents. I say that we're creating a story, meaning we're creating the American media focusing on it. I didn't create 20,000 illegal migrants coming into Springfield And, it was all over X yesterday. JD Vance admits creating the dogs and cats story. It's amazing. I mean, Kamala Harris too, they, they tweeted that out. They, there is absolutely no tether to the facts anymore. They don't care about even trying to remain factual. What's so annoying is, as I said, as we discussed earlier, there are some stories where you're getting punked or people intentionally mislead you.


And as a journalist you have to be cautious, but you're not gonna be perfect all the time. Like that is just a reality of life in 2024. But that is right there. It's in the same answer where, where he explains what he meant. And so any misrepresentation is intentional and the media is crossed over to willingly and she has intentionally misrepresenting the actual words that are spoken on a television program. And I try to like imagine your JD Vance in this position and you have constituents who have been coming to you for a year plus with concerns about it. You try to raise those concerns. You maybe do it outrageously by the way, as all politicians, Democrats, Republicans do, and then immediately it gets pegged to neo-Nazis who have apparently spread the same thing.


So because they've spread it, then you must be responsible for it, despite the fact that you are in an interracial marriage. And despite the fact that there's been like very little conversation about the humanitarian concerns in the other direction, immediately for raising all of this, it becomes a week long cycle debunking your claims and then tying you to neo-Nazis. And then your interview gets taken outta context in another way, immediately. Not just by random Twitter users, but by corporate media outlets. I saw Rolling Stone do this, X's ai, at least on my end, falsely summarized it as saying JD Vance admit SQL made up the reports, which is not what happened if you were watching it in full context and watching it live, it's pretty clear what he actually said and he even went on to clarify it and flesh it out.


So that headline is from a journalist per perspective, malpractice period, it is misleading, it is a disrespect to your audience to run with it because you are willfully misinforming them. You did not do your due diligence as a journalist. You're misleading. So anyone who used that headline, any journalist who promoted that headline, any outlet who promoted that headline is malpractice full stop. And that's what a Republican politician gets. This is Democrats, politicians, they, they're hyperbolic, but a Republican politician. You get this week of, of garbage heaped on top of you, some of which you're not in any way whatsoever responsible for neo-Nazis, false claims that you made, you, you admitted to making stuff up all because you tried to raise the concerns of your constituents that have been brought to you for a year plus that you couldn't get anyone to give a damn about a damn about until some memes became popularized and it's crazy.


Yeah, that's exactly right. And and by the way, so the, the, the media did have time to go try to track down the woman who posted the Facebook post that had like a triple hearsay like allegation about somebody stringing up a cat like a deer and tried to find out what this person actually knew. But the story, while it had the woman be like, well, I heard it from an acquaintance, this is an attempt to debunk. It doesn't actually debunk, here's what they say. The woman behind an early Facebook post spreading a harmful and baseless claim as NBC news, it's baseless, ignore those two cats on the grill in neighboring date and whatever says she had no firsthand knowledge of any such incident.


Now we know that because the Facebook post itself makes clear she's using triple hearsay. It's, we know she had no firsthand knowledge. They go on to say, Hey, it looks like Erica Lee, I'm trying to make clear. So it looks like, I can't remember, I can't figure out who's the poster Erica Lee. It just exploded into something I didn't mean to happen. I'm not a racist. Everyone seems to be turning it into that. And that was not my intent. The neighbor Kimberly Newton said she heard about the attack from a third party. Newton said, okay, so it was Erica Lee's Facebook post saying, I heard this terrible thing.


I heard this terrible thing. And the source from which she heard it is Kimberly Newton. So Kimberly Newton says she heard about the attack from a third party. Newton said, Erica Lee's Facebook post misstated her story and that the owner of the missing cat was an acquaintance of a friend rather than her daughter's friend. Now I'm just asking how does that debunk that it was strung up on a tree? Like I am very open-minded to this being complete bullshit, but I I just, I don't see it in NBC's attempt to describe it as complete bullshit.


I'm so glad you brought that up because I was literally reading the same thing last night. It was so frustrated because I had the exact same reaction to it. I was like, this isn't, this is just her saying she's uncomfortable with the attention that has been brought to the post. It's not debunking anything frankly. But again, it's sort of like you can see if you have confirmation bias as a so-called neutral reporter, how this comes across your desk and you interpret it in a way that just totally conforms to your preexisting confirmation bias about how this is all going to be debunked. So you see this woman saying what she said and you then turn it around, regurgitate it as a report with the framing of it being debunked.


And you know, what should happen in that case, first of all is it should genuinely have neutral reporters who aren't, you know, overwhelmingly anti-Trump, anti-vax proma, immigration of course, but then b, you should have editors who catch that stuff. You should have editors who say, oh wait a second. Yeah, I'm reading the exact words here. That never happened, did we anymore? Because they all have the same confirmation bias. That's exactly right. They, they just want it not to be true. I on the other hand, don't give two shits whether it's true or not. Like I actually think what the real story is the dead people. I do find this whole thing rather amusing though because it's outing the bias of all these left-wing organizations who are just determined to disprove it.


Even when you see two dead cats on the grill tastes like chicken. That's we consulted with a veterinary expert. That's where we are. They're so Self serious campaign. I know they're so self serious over the dumbest things, Right? I like it looks like chicken to me doctor, doesn't it? Don't you see a chicken there? I mean minus the feathers and the tail. Okay, final thing, the comment by Trump, which is now almost a week old about they're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats has gone totally viral. It's everywhere. The left tried to make memes out of it to mock him And.


it got completely turned into a pro-Trump meme meme that everybody has been sharing and forwarding and they've effectively gotten, they're eating the pets into the mind of pretty much every single American in this country. Here are some examples. They're eating the dogs, the people that came in, they're eating the dogs, they're eating, they're eating the pets, they're eating the pets of This guy's my favorite, this dog of the People that live there. They're eating the cats, eat the cat, eat, eat the cat. They're eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat, eat the cat. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats.


Eat the cat, eating the dogs. They're eating the cats. Eat the cat, eat, eat the cat. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats. Eat the cat, eat, eat the cat. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats, they're eating the pets. The people that live the towns don't want to talk about it because they're so embarrassed by it in Springfield. They're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats, they're eating the pets. And this is what's happening in our country. They're Eating the dogs, they're eating the cats, they're eating the pets. And this is what's happening in your country. That's amazing.


The elephant sound and this, here's how I'd like to toss it to you, Scott Adams, who's the guy behind the Dilbert cartoon and just a brilliant guy, my God, Scott Adams is truly like scary, smart in his insights into us Americans and the way we behave. And it's because, well for a bunch of reasons, but one of which is he took a class in hypnosis and came early on to understand the power of persuasion. And that's why when everybody dismissed Trump as a joke in 2015, Scott Adams, the Dilbert guy was like, Nope, he's gonna win. He's gonna win the whole thing. And this is back when Trump was just, nobody thought that.


And he was like, you watch and sure enough he won. Okay, so Scott Adams tweeted out something interesting and I'll read it as follows, I'm revising my debate scoring. My first impression was a tie, which I called a Harris victory. But the only thing I recall after the debate today is they're eating the dogs visual, scary, viral, memorable, repeatable and directionally correct in terms of unchecked immigration risk. It is the strongest play of the election. Trump won the debate, I gotta stop underestimating his game. Trump had no base hits in the debate, but his long ball is still rising.


Incredible. What do you make of that? There might be something to it because honestly the more, it reminds me of a problem that Republicans legitimately have on abortion, which is that the more that it's being talked about, whether the story is positive or negative for any given Republican candidate, it's reminding voters that they generally disagree with what they believe the Republican position on abortion is, which is generally what the corporate press is telling them it is. But in this case, the more that immigration is being talked about and debated, the more that you're debating whether migrants have have frightened people in a small town in Ohio, it that story is true.


I mean the, the, if the sort of Trump details of it pan out to not be true, I think what Scott Adams is getting at is that the, the sort of effect of it, the emotional, psychological truth in it is real. And so just, you know, that's not to say people should lie or whatever as a campaign strategy. The fact of the matter is they do, but the point is that it just hits people as true because at its core the kind of psychological effect of it is true. And the more people are debating whether they're eating the pets at their dinner table or at the PTA meeting or the soccer sideline or on social media, the better it is for Trump and Republicans. Because honestly, the, the core of the story, which is that a small town in Ohio or mid-size town in Ohio has been utterly overwhelmed by a mass influx of migrants with vast cultural differences.


That is true and people don't like it. So A, that generally is true and b, people disagree with Biden and Harris on it in a, in a massive animating way. So when you combine those two things, I mean a week out, it's looking like this line is iconic and the more people think about it and talk about the line, honestly the better. It's for Trump and Republicans that might be like, it might be some political gymnastics to get there, but there might be something to that don't understand. How does the mainstream media, so-called not understand this, they should get that this is actually a very bad issue for her. Like stop repeating it because it brings up the issue of migration and immigration, legal and illegal and makes people frustrated and upset.


They don't like this issue. This is not a good issue for the Democrats and that's going to be known now either as the debate in which he said they're eating the dogs, they're eating the cats or the debate in which a b, c news allegedly conspired to cheat and throw a presidential election in the direction of one candidate. We'll see whether the whistleblower affidavit it comes through, but at best they've got cheating in that scenario as opposed to Trump's meme about the dogs. This is one of the reasons why I love the New York accent. I love it whenever, whenever anybody talks like that, my mom and dad kind of talk like that, which I love 'cause my dad grew up in Brooklyn and my mom grew up just north of New York City and it's an amazing, it's just something, something warm about it and Trump, it's one of the things that makes him, you know, likable.


'cause he talks like that. Emily Jashinsky, you're a pleasure. Thank you so much for hanging in there. You did a long form duty today. We appreciate it. Anytime Megan. Thank you. Boy. We started with an attempted presidential assassination in Eric Trump and we ended on the dogs. This is, we get, you've gotten the full panoply of news today and I'm looking at a packet and a salt list sound on tape that I, I didn't even dent you guys. But tomorrow we will dent it. We're gonna have Pierce Morgan. Great. Really looking forward to that. We may have a special guest who's never been on the program before. I'm gonna not tease him 'cause I, it's not yet secure and I believe we are going to have ion her Ali who's got some thoughts on the Haitian migration and she will go to the places that you're not allowed to go.


So we'll look forward to that. See you guys tomorrow. Thanks for listening to the Megyn Kelly Show No BS No agenda. And no fear


Net credit is here to say yes to a personal loan or line of credit when other lenders say no. Apply in minutes and get a decision as soon as the same day loans offered by net credit or lending. Partner banks and service by net credit application subject to review and approval. Learn more at net credit.com/partner net credit credit to the people.


It is almost time. Verizon's small business days are coming from October 14th to the 20th. Meet with our experts. Get one-on-one advice, a free tech check and special offers. Don't miss out. Give your business the VIP treatment it deserves. Call 1-800-483-FOUR 4 2 8 or go to verizon.com/small business. Get started today.