
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel FanDuel. Sportsbook is the best place to bet on the NBA A. We have these fun little Tuesday, Friday player performance stuff. We have same game parlays, we have picks for me sometimes and boosts and all kinds of fun things. Get ready in the playoffs. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. And by the way, The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit The Ringer dot com slash rg to learn more. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select states game problem called one 800 GAMBLER or visit rg-help.com.


Celtic City on HBO and max 9:00 PM Monday night, Larry Bird shows up. The early eighties begins and it's awesome. Please check it out.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I have new re watchable Coming up because it is still Sports movie month. So we did Blue Chips. It was me and Van Lathan and Chris Ryan. And the reason we did it was because we did it like in 2017. We didn't even have the categories yet. So we decided March Madness, let's just go, let's bring this baby back. So much fun to talk about. You can watch that as a video podcast on Spotify. You can watch on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well, where we also put up a reaction on the Happy Gilmore two trailer that I actually pitched them. My idea for the sports movie sequel I wanna see the most and it involves basketball. So you can go Check that out on our YouTube channel, the Prestige TV podcast.


We're still covering White Lotus episode six Sunday night on HBO right after it ends. You can go there and you can listen to me and Mallory and Joanna. Breakdown episode six, which was fantastic. I am going to Boston in a couple days because we're doing a live re watchable at House of Blue. We were doing Goodwill Hunting for everybody coming to that, to that live show. We did Goodwill Hunting I think in the first two years of the pod, but way more categories. Plus we got Priscilla this time. Perfect movie to do in Boston. And then we're gonna have a Coolidge Corner Film Festival Friday, Saturday, Sunday. Check out The Ringer dot com slash events. There's still some tickets left I think for some of the theater from the some of the movie stuff.


Me and Sean and Chris are gonna be there probably talking after a couple of the movies. So, so there you go. Coolidge Corner all weekend. I don't think there's gonna be a live show with me and Illa on Sunday night in Boston. I think we're just gonna do the pod regularly. We will see though, you never know, could there be a last second live show maybe. Anyway, we're also brought to you by FanDuel Sportsbook where they have these player performance doubles. Two Legg Parlays made for you specifically take an NBA player prop like Luca's gonna score 30, the Lakers are gonna win and they have a ringer player boost token on these placed on any of the games and it's good if you hit 'em.


And there's a lot of good games on Tuesday, including Dallas and the Knicks at Golden State Miami. So stay tuned. I'm gonna tweet out my pick on Tuesday. Be sure to claim The Ringer PBT in the carousel and the Fandel Sports book gap this Tuesday. So Coming up, the original plan for this podcast was we're gonna do two thirds of a podcast and then put the topper after OKC clippers tonight. So what happened? We started taping at 10:45 AM Pacific Time and we just kept going for two hours and we just had a full podcast, so we're just gonna put it up. So I hope nothing absolutely insane happens to OKC and and the Clippers in that game tonight that we regret not talking about, but this is how we landed.


It's a very good podcast. It's all Coming up next first. Our friends from Pro. All right, we staggered this podcast. So this part of the pod we are taping at 11:00 AM pt. We wanna do some 2020 sliding doors. I also wanted to tell you about the Bulls Lakers game I went to last night. Did you happen to see any minutes of that game?


Yeah, I watched the entire second half. So the Bulls first of all are turning into a very belatedly, fun end of the season League pass team because they kind of know who they are and they play really fast and they have two good guards that attack, attack, attack. And you could tell pretty early this wasn't gonna be the Lakers night with the way how hard the bulls are playing and how much they're attacking the rim. They're out setting threes. It did make me wonder if there was a little bit of a blueprint in there to beat this Lakers team with Go, go, go. Keep pushing, keep pushing, keep attacking. They don't really have a rim protector. They don't really wanna run up and down. They wanna slow things down. And I was trying to think of anyone else in the West that could basically replicate that.


And it's obviously O okc and it may be last night and I don't know if it's overreaction or not, but last night made me really think like I think, I think they would be in a heap of trouble in an KC series with the athletes and the speed and I, I'm not positive they can match it. Couple things, the bulls were incredible last night, alright? And the Lakers defense is terrible but it's the first back or first game back with LeBron. Those games when he was out, you know their net rating was negative, their offense was 21st, their defense was 19th, they still went three and four I believe is the record. But that was like an all time game. I mean BOUs is so much fun. That baseline movie had on Luca was, was awesome. I mean Giddy was close to a quadruple double the first one since David Robinson.


They kept him in near near the end early nineties. We, we were driving home and they were like, they're keeping giddy in in case he can get two more steals. It's like whoa. He was giddy was incredible. And by the way, let's take a victory lap. We were like the only two people in America who liked that trade for the Bulls last summer. So I'm victory lap that. And by the way, I have the people scouting tracks for the Scoot Victory lap near the end of the season. And Improbable I had given up but we both never sold our stock and now I'm ready to, to run around the track and wave to our fans. I'm not ready for that one yet. 'cause I think we liked him so much it was on the path to stardom. But yeah, it's pretty clear he is not gonna be the worst player that plays minutes in the NBA.


Yeah and he might stick around for a little while. That Sounds like a victory left for both of us anyway. Man. Watching the Lakers broadcast is really funny 'cause you would've thought the Bulls like were the two seat in the east and when Patrick Williams comes off a curl on the right side and hit that three of all people, you're like, okay. I mean Chicago's just rolling. So back to your blueprint thing, you, you might be right, you might be right. I think when the Lakers went, what 18 and three and their defense was like a top three or four defense in the NBAI was like, are they really this good? Yeah. And now that they're leaking a bit defensively, LeBron in and out of it, you know, like now that he's back, let's judge them based on this. I always find this time of year, these last 10 to 12 games, this closing stretch of the season, I don't wanna say all of it is irrelevant, but I really feel like this is the time of the year where you can get tricked and it can be really misleading and there can be just effort nights.


You know, whether it was that San Antonio Knicks game a couple nights ago where mama went, yeah, insane. And the Knicks were trying like you kept watching that game being like, all right, enough of this. Like the Knicks are gonna put together a run and then they're gonna figure it out. You have Cleveland who's lost four in a row, which I don't know if we'll get to that with some of the Mitchell stuff. So, oh we'll continue on the, on the blueprint because I mean, is OKC the blueprint to the Lakers or are they just a lot better than the Lakers? Well that's the thing I, but I do think there's people in the NBA and I've certainly considered the case that if you're gonna beat OKC, it would have to be with a pretty weird different type of team that has a lot of, you know, guys who have been in big situations and then a big physical hard team to play with multiple scoring options would be the case for LA against O-K-C-O-K-C.


Has it been there? LA's not gonna be afraid to be on the road. What I saw last night, you can really use the defaults of of Luca and 40-year-old LeBron against them. And LeBron actually was trying harder than Luca and he was trying to do a chase down blocks. Luca, he'll, he can get carried away with the refs. Yesterday did. I thought LeBron looked great last night. Physically he did. He looked fast. There was that stretch before the two threes that made it a 23 point game when JJ just was like, all right, enough of this. There was a stretch where LeBron was actually like, I was watching for that to be like, if he's just gonna, Hey I'm gonna get some cardio in. Yeah, there was a stretch where you could tell on that one drive before it got to 23 points. It's like, okay, he still thinks they have a chance in this thing. No question.


So I thought he looked great And and was playing hard. But yeah, they, I think if you keep pushing, keep pushing, keep pushing, they're gonna start to bend a little bit 'cause they don't wanna play that way. And the other thing they did was they pressured Luca, which I don't understand why teams don't do this against the Lakers, I don't understand why they don't do it against Boston with Tatum. Anybody that has a non-point guard dribbling the ball up. I don't understand why it's not 80 feet of pressure Giddy was in, was in and around Luca all night. Luca was just getting more and more pissed, finally got a technical, he must have shoved them three or four times. They were talking shit during the free throws. And that's another way to get at this Lakers team is you can really fuck with Luca.


He takes everything personally. You can, you could just be like, hey, like think about KC like, hey Lou Dort, just fuck with Luca. This whole series just, just stand around him, stand next to him in timeouts. Luca's like a big can I have my personal space guy And Giddy was just not having it. So I, I thought you look, they played out of their minds and as you said they were making crazy threes. The BOUs thing is, is a real wrinkle. I don't think that's an overreaction thing. But anyway, I was just thinking like blueprint wise, athletes wise OKC, that's the game they're gonna watch. That's the game they're gonna show their guys. Like watch this. Watch what speed and athleticism and pace can potentially do if we meet this Lakers team.


All right, I wanna do a special gimmick here and it's gonna be brought to you by Workday. Are you a forward thinker then you need an HR and finance platform that thinks like you do Workday, the AI platform that helps propel your organization, your workforce, and your entire industry into the future. I wish we could use it for the NBA draft in the best possible way 'cause that's what we're about to talk about Workday moving business forward forever.


Alright, so this is a no prep segment. I did not do prep for it either. I just thought of it last night watching Bois who I really, really, really like and I was just like instant right now, blink test redraft, let's do a top eight. No, no prep whatsoever. Just top eight gut feeling. My one would still be Castle. Would your one still be Castle or is there anyone in this draft you'd like more than him? Yeah, I, I'm not, I'm not ready to put Castle one even though I know he is rookie of the year and there's just a toughness and maturity to his game that feels like a really good bet as far as the floor.


But I like what I've seen from Che, so I still think he's number one. Interesting. Okay. Would it make the case for Reese she, because he, he stumbled a little and now it's, now it's coming back a lot I think. Yeah. Which I think is to be expected. There are just nights where I, I see him in his activity. Like I think what you always worry about with somebody who's just still an unknown is like, is he gonna be overwhelmed by all this stuff? You know, physically is he just gonna sit in the corner? Because I mean, look, even when you did the draft tape of him, there was plenty of games. You're like, is this guy just gonna sit in the corner? Like what the hell's going on here? Yeah. And it's not like I was watching 20 full games of him before the draft, but it was pretty clear early on that his, his comfort level was a little bit higher despite, you know, his physical disadvantages.


And I just think at that size and that kind of shot making, there's a, that's the reason why that guy goes number one and that's why even through a rookie season there'd still be a lot of teams. He'd be like, gimme the ceiling of that guy. Not just his spot up ability but off the dribble at that size. And yeah, I mean it's overused but he appears to get it in a way that you hope when you're drafting somebody this high. Like okay, like you know, there's certain guys that come in and immediately know like Uhoh and I don't have any of those concerns when I watch him. So I, I don't like, even if Castle would probably be the popular pick and maybe everybody's right. Do you understand the ceiling part of it for his size in shooting? Yeah, I had that Castle Doesn't Have, I had him right, I had him, I had him in the Blink test, no prep.


He, he was number two to me and I just like Castle a little more because I can see him as a top three guy on a contender down the road. Reese Sahe probably the hoops IQs there. I like that he's always moving. He's not like, I don't know what I'm doing, I'm just gonna stand over here. Like, he moves. If there's, if they'll get, if they get a rebound he'll take off. Like he'll try to get, he'll think like, oh it maybe if I bust my ass on this I'll get the ball and I'll be able to get a dunk. I don't think Trey, I think Trey's both fun to play with sometimes and then really not fun to play with other times. But he seems like he's getting better so I would have him, I would have him second and I, I think that's a pretty good pick for them.


I where where this gets interesting is the third pick because I think those are clearly one too. I would have Castle first, you'd have Reese Shae first, but I think that's the one too. But the third from what you've seen, who would you take? Whoa, I think this, this, This is where it gets Hard. Well you were probably driving home thinking BOUs last night, am I right? But I also saw Saar a week ago and I'm like, Jesus Christ, this guy's Sir Abaco with three point range like this said this looks great. But I look, I've watched Zeus on TV a few times, like really like watch, I actually like watching the Bulls full confession. I was excited to see him in person last night and of course just randomly saw the best game he could possibly have.


I don't really know what he's missing from that position 'cause he can shoot, I like his stroke. He goes to the basket, he's really athletic and there's a little bit of a fuck you to him that I, I really saw for four quarters last night. Like he's not afraid. He's, he's, it's a little feisty and I, I just could clearly see, I see what he is for the next 10 years and I think they nailed that pick. So for me it's either SA or him for that third spot and I'd probably lean toward B. Yeah, I guess that's the SAR part of it is he is just getting so many more opportunities 'cause they don't care but through the last four months he shot it really well from three and he takes those threes.


I do worry a little bit at times when I've watched the Wizards where if it's a close game, you know, I don't know that they really care and it's like, hey sars gonna get into his bag and pull up. Right? But he also might think like if I don't shoot it, Jordan Pool's just gonna shoot it so I might as well do this. So you know, I think always the fear is whenever you're drafting kind of these unknowns and even re Shay, when we were doing the draft, I, I was like, this is just crazy when you think about this draft. Like somebody like this is going number one overall, but then it was, you know, right back to the argument of Sarr or Reed Shepherd who can't even get minutes with Houston right now. Who I think if Reed were playing somewhere that didn't care, we would probably still be leaning Shepherd third.


Right. If he was like the wizards point guard instead of Jordan pool. Yeah, yeah. Or you know, whatever team like Bois is just not gonna have, Zeus is just not gonna have the opportunities that SAR has and SARS rebounding the three point shooting like I've talked about, he is really only hit one bad month with, with all of this, you know, it wasn't a great start but you could say the same thing for recess, shame, I mean recess shot really, really well now the entire second half of the season. So I'll still go SAR third because fair just at that size and that shooting and how much, I personally think that like you're a completely different team when you have a five out center. When you have somebody that can stretch the floor, you know, a couple years down the road projecting what you can do in the playoffs.


I think it just opens a lot of stuff up. Like as much as we all like what the Clippers have done that win against the CVEs, like I kind of get back to as great as zoo is and we all appreciate him. Does it kind of limit your looks when you don't have a guy that can stretch at the five? Right. And SAR is, that is the hope is that they drafted somebody like that that can play defense. He runs really well. I mean he runs the floor all night long and I think that was, that's why that guy went too. Even if it was really choppy watching him, he took the shots, which I guess is is good, but now he's hitting him enough to justify like four to five attempts a game. You know, I trust Joe House on hoops if he's actually watching as much as anyone in my life.


And this is, he's been Really good. I want to back you up on that over the years, the text thread, when he has a very specific wizards observation, it's usually always on. Yeah, yeah, yeah. And this has been the case since the late eighties and I think he was more afraid of the bus potential was SAR than anybody. And he's been saying all year, like he likes him doesn't, isn't positive what he is ultimately, but there's definitely some ibaka stuff in there and he's not afraid to shoot and his stroke's pretty good and you can kind of see what he is like. He was drafted as a stretch five. If they were lucky enough to get flag in the draft, you put him like Sarr would be the ideal guy to put flag next to. I would say with those two together.


So feels like they have something. All right. So you'd go SAR three, Zeus four and I would go Zeus three, SAR four sounds like. Yeah, that's what it sounds like. I mean at some point here we have to mention Colette weer, Well I thought the guy we haven't mentioned yet is McCain who got hurt and was looking like the most ready rookie and is only I, I don't even know if he's 20 yet, but I think from what we saw from McCain before he got hurt, I I, I might take him above Reed because I know Reed's not playing and I know it's not his fault and I know it's probably not a great situation for him, but I also think it's weird that he is not playing.


I thought it's not like Houston doesn't need him and they had a stretch where Van Wheat was out for a few weeks and he still wasn't really playing and I maybe he's just a guy that needs big minutes and isn't capable of coming off the bench and playing 15, but I promise you they thought they were getting a little more from him this year than this because with the shooting, you know, That's fine. And then when he, when he finally got minutes to that one game where he was really decisive and you could just see all the special stuff with him. Yeah. That he is a really good athlete. And then when he was coming off the screen it was actually a little bit like Bronny in that Bucks game where it's like, okay, well if he's gonna be decisive Yeah, like I didn't, I didn't ever expect to see this and maybe it's being decisive.


Like you can't just throw away all of Brody's attempts and say, oh they were down 30. Like who cares if he's decisive? 'cause he was decisive earlier in the game, but Reed had that game where he went off and you could tell he was reading how they were playing him coming off the screen where I think when you're a young player you're not getting any minutes. You're not even like looking at that stuff, you're just going, yeah, all right, you know, what's the read and should I just get rid of this ball? He was really good with, with that. I also can see it as an eime thing where young guard, yeah, I'm just gonna beat you up here. Yeah. You're not playing defense nearly at the level I wanna be at, so you're just not gonna play. Sorry. Yeah. And they're fighting for playoff seating throughout all this.


McCain is 21, they're winning shepherd's and they're winning 21. Yeah. Res Reed's 21 this summer. So you know, a lot of these guys, they come in a little bit older now, but yeah, I think I'd still go shepherd just because of the shot making. But McCain you're right, I mean it was the only good story of the Sixers all year long, right? Like I guess I just don't feel like in March after the draft of saying the only guys that produced have to be ahead of all of the prospects that aren't even getting opportunities and just reshuffling it based on shot attempts. Yeah. I'm saying it more from, I just loved what McCain was doing when he was playing. I, I see what he is. He's a combo guard. Who, So you would take him fifth.


You might be right by the way. So I'm, I'm, this isn't like me Pushing, I, I dunno if either of us are necessarily even right. But I, I think I would take him right now over, over Reed. But I I think it's close and then after that we move into this, you know, you got Bub Carrington, you got Jalen Wells, the kid on Memphis Edie's still there. Where's still around? Eve's Mey. Yeah, Mey on, on New Orleans. Ron Holland, the fight starter and then clinging I think would be the kind of the next group. And then it becomes a question of what he, like Quentin Post, Post Shannon's out there. It's a weird fun draft, but I think if, if we're looking at who has the best chance to be really good coming out of this draft, I think we hit the top six.


Right. Okay. Is there anybody else? Well I think what's really interesting is how early the Dalton Connect story was, are you kidding me? Right. They got this guy at 17 and the fact that they traded him that soon Yeah. Is alarming that they were like, we're good Now You could argue, hey, it was Mark Williams. Mark Williams version 2.0 has been better. We know the injury history with him could Argue they should have still made the trade And their need and thinking, okay, well they've added Luca, like there's a glaring need. Can you really make it through the playoffs of Jackson Hayes? But Jackson's life is entirely better now because you're playing with somebody like Luca and it's just like, look, just show defensively attack at the rim.


Run the floor all night. He Doesn't rebound though. You could see it last night. Like he's, he's great at Ali, he kind of knows where to go and what to do. But the, The fact that he's turned into somebody who might be a backup for a long time though was a complete win considering how lost he had looked for multiple seasons. But I, I think back to the connect point is those first few months, and granted, you know, he's a mess on defense and yes, he's older because of his, his college travels, but it's like, I can't believe this guy got him at 17. Are we sitting here at the end of the year thinking? He actually probably went based on the names you've already listed here, we hadn't even gotten to him that he kind of went in the range that you would still put him in today. Yeah, he's definitely, I would say, you know, like he's after wear, there was a three week stretch where it seemed idiotic that Miami didn't take connect and that they took wear over him.


And now I think, you know, it's not, it's also not like Miami's playing. Well the one that's I think the most polarizing with different people I've talked to is clinging. Whether this is just kind of who he is, a guy who can box some shots who's a little slow, doesn't really have any offense or whether this is somebody that could potentially be the anchor of a really good team. And I think the fact that he's getting actual minutes for them and they've been a good basketball team for, you know, two plus months here and really competitive and I, I I think he's a piece and feel the same way about, I don't know if they're ever, you know, one of the four best guys on an awesome team, probably not, but could they be in an eight man rotation on a really good team?


I think they could, The clinging thing feels a little tough just because when you look at Portland and the number of guys out there that wanna shoot Yeah. You know, sharp should be shooting, you know, Simon's is somebody that still bails him out of a lot of possessions. Denny's gonna get his shots. You know, scoot isn't shooting, you know, it's nobody wants to be Chris Paul their second season of their career. Well it's tough when you're playing with Denny and Denny all of a sudden turns into Larry Bird in the last six weeks when he looks like he's doing the 85 bird impersonation. Right. And it's unbelievable how good he is. Even he's saying like, I've never played this goal in my life.


I don't know what's happening. Banton had that stretch last year post Boston was like, man, this guy can actually really score. You know? Yeah. He couldn't crack the rotation for Boston then you'll watch him. Where I don't think anybody gets happier when the game clock has with the shot clock off band's like awesome. Like now I, I don't have to pass this to anybody. So Klingons in a really tough spot. Yeah. As far as like, you know, he might be the sixth be o best option when he is playing on the court Yeah. Offensively for them. So it it look, I I think the considering like it went from, could he go number one to then he goes seven, you know, being stuck behind eight and Rob Williams update, he's got out three to four weeks.


Yeah. I just assume he's not playing. Yeah. Right. If you see him that's like a bonus. It's like, oh there is, when Did Portland get this guy? I know what you're saying. Like, you'd like to see some higher like ceiling moments from him. Yeah. Offensively. But I, I don't know that it's entirely fair to like go, oh, you know, this might, but maybe those guys are right because I I hear it too. Like, this is, you guys were nuts, he wasn't this good, this is why he went where he went and you know, he's a, he's a rotational big that they took this high and you're like, man, that'll suck. And so really it's a six and then it's kind of a, let's see, depends on who you like, but we should talk about Ron Holland first.


What's second? Who was the fifth pick in the draft? Yeah, He is still 19 years old. He carries himself like he's 32. They throw him out there. Like he plays real minutes every game. Sometimes he's pretty good. Sometimes he'll make some shots. He's physical. He's a little early era. And I don't mean this in a melee standpoint, Ron Artes ish, like actually reminds me of Ron Artes. Hopefully he won't go charging in a row three at some point in his career. But they took him pretty high and I, you know, I'm not against it. They took him fifth overall.


We don't have him in our top six, but I don't, I wouldn't rule him out. Would you? We'll see, he's 19. No, but unfortunately the scattering report tracks on him. You know, he had some okay. Months as far as shooting, but he is also shot at 11% from three. He shot at 15%, 11 Slow percent from three. Yeah. Yeah. That's slow in March. March he's at 7% now. He's, he's he's not really taking him as much anymore. I I actually think that's like one of the funniest things about young perimeter players and they come in, they're like, Hey you can't shoot. And it's like, well time to learn NBA games. Yeah. And they just start taking threes 'cause everybody just takes threes and then you can see it get to some guys where you go, Hey, maybe you shouldn't be taking even three a game.


Right. So the percentages are even worse now because he's taking even less of them. But I'm with you. I love the aggression and that's what you saw before the draft. There is a no nonsense part of him. Isaiah Stewart, I don't know if that's the best teammate for him to have or the worst teammate for him to have. He's definitely gonna be going in this in into the other bench for the bench clearing bra who'll be the first guy behind him. But Detroit, you know, has spacing around Cade. Yeah. And that's what's opened up Cade. They defend, they shoot. So the Holland Minutes, I'll admit like I, I love the aggression that drives the body size of like mixing it up with guys and like, there's never a moment of him where he is like deferring at the rim.


Like he's trying to go for it. Yeah. But you know, there's no way he's closing with the pistons, I would imagine in a playoff game. 'cause he's just not gonna provide any spacing. Like everybody imagine in a playoff series how he would be defended. Like it just means there's another guy in Kate. Yeah. He'll, he'll they'll throw him out for a little five minute stretches. But yeah, I think the playoffs will be a little different. How many minutes do you think Ron? Our test played as a rookie in the 2000 Bulls, Like eight a game. 31.1. Wait, he did as a rookie? Yeah. Oh, I was thinking Jimmy Butler. My bad. No, I I would've said eight a game. Yeah, he was 31% from three Because I loved him so much at St.


John's. That, that, I don't remember playing that that, but I also, I didn't have league past that year, so I can't say the 2000 bowls were on my TV a lot that year. But yeah, he and he couldn't shoot either. There's same size. He reminds me of him a little bit. Any bub Carrington thoughts before we move on? Yeah, I like Bub a Ke Kai George. A lot of size, A lot of size for a perimeter guy. Quentin Post could have like a 12 year career. Yeah. I mean incredible, incredible scouting job. And now he's the Pick. Collier had a couple moments on Utah.


He like, he like, he was like averaging seven, eight assists a game for like a month. Yeah. I I think he has a really nice handle drive combination stuff with him. But, but Utah has all like, it's another group of guys that all just think, you know, here We go. It's just a pickup game that never ends with the Utah Jazz. Just 15. That's exactly where it's supposed to be. 15 guys not knowing if they're getting run. Who knows? We'll see how long Will Hardy enjoys that? And Dillingham just doesn't play. Shane Jr had some fun moments when people were out and then talk to me about your, your Charlotte guy that you loved Salon.


It's just kind of a mess. But you were expecting that. Yeah. Even in retrospect, six might have been a whiff too high for him. Yeah, I mean he just like, you know, when he is out there so we'll, we'll at least give him that. But you know, it's just a lot of running around, You know, when he is out there is not a compliment. Oh, I, I think it is. I I think Zeus falling two 11 is probably like looking back at the draft, who knows with all these dudes, they're all like babies basically. But that's the one that I think is gonna seem weird down the road.


McCain whatever we, we knew that McCain was falling too far as it was happening, but BOUs like it team like Charlotte, that would've been a really nice pick for them, you know? Well the knock was, he couldn't shoot. He shot it better in the first half of the season as he's played more minutes he shot it worse. But strokes There. But I would say he, yeah, I, I don't know. Look, You don't have to listen to me. You can listen to scouts because whenever you first started watching him, I mean if there was an n one mix tape and that's all you were allowed to look at, he's the number one pick in the draft. Okay. So the more you watched him and then scouts are like, we've been waiting for this guy to shoot for years and he's never really been able to shoot it. But it wasn't just the dunk that he had on the baseline Luca last night. There was another play later in the game where, you know, it was just really smart.


Like that secondary cut. Yeah. Which again, if you're playing with giddy, like Giddy iss one of those players, it's like if you just stay active in the possession, if you just keep thinking that there's an option for you, yeah you're going to be rewarded. And he had a cut off the left side on a giddy drive on the right side where he was, he was rewarded for staying active. And at that point too, like the Lakers, you know Yeah. Paying attention. That whole team moves though. It's really like that team is like, if I move, I might get the, the ball. God you love the bulls. I did. I re I really did. I thought look it was the perfect opponent for them. But I've liked that. I mean, what have they won like seven of the last line and they've been on my radar for a couple weeks here. 'cause I've been trying to figure out playing stuff and I, I've been scouting some teams watching Miami just on the cruise ship to hell.


And just thinking like, could any, watching Atlanta a little bit, could anybody, you know, emerge and be a possible seven seed in a team that's playing the Celtics? And I think the, if the the Bulls got the seven seed and played the Celtics, the Celtics would beat them. But that's not a fun series. And those guys would be running gun go, go, go the whole time. You're you're nuts. I don't love it. You're nuts. I'm just saying it's not a fun series. I'm not saying the Celtics would lose, I just, I don't like playing teams with gimmicks that are really confident in their gimmick. They're 31 and 40. Yeah, I know. What have they like eight of their last ten seven in their last nine, something like that.


Seven Last nine. Would you rather They traded Levine and they, they they're playing better now. Yeah. And by the way, that wasn't your guy, your guy who you, you sold your stock on a couple years ago. Red Velvet. You called the broker and like just unload it. Just get rid of it. Did I? Yeah, just get rid of it. I Don't wanna, I thought we did a role play of that where I was like, we're still in. Maybe you're still in. I don't know in my head. I don't remember sold It. I don't remember. I certainly, I haven't already talking about him that much. But Red Velvet, red Velvet seemed a little back. Our pod got a little too white. We had a stretch there where I was like, dude can you, do you guys want Doug McDermott? And I was like, yeah I love Doug McDermott. Let's have him on. And they're like, you the got Herder.


Six white guys started the game last night. Six of the 10. My wife just because I, I brought my wife and she's like, is this unusual? Well she was stunned. I'm telling you man, things are changing. I've been, I've been telling Van a lot that he better we're coming back. Flag we're coming back That Best Buy ad with that rapper, that woman with Buster and then they went to her.


Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring that segment. I had a good time. Learn more@workday.com.


We're gonna take a break and come back with more basketball.


Hey lemme tell you about one of my favorite bets that FanDuel has right now. Player performance doubles. We do 'em on Tuesdays. Two leg parlays already made for you. Let's say you think Luca's gonna score 30 and the Lakers are gonna win in a game. Well Now you can bet on that because FanDuel will take a player prop, add it with that player's team to win. And then on top of it, FanDuel's giving all customers a profit Boost token exclusively for those bets on Tuesday that you can use. Head to FanDuel dot com slash bs and you can get your profit boost. I'm also gonna be tweeting my pick on Tuesday. My favorite player slash team prop win. Matchup a player performance double and you can make every moment more with FanDuel America's number one sportsbook Must be 21 plus and president in select states or 18 plus and president in DC opt-in required bonuses, job of profit boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration and max wager amount C terms at sportsbook. Do fan.com give a problem, call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We are getting close to the NBA playoffs, which means we are getting close to the NBA finals. One of my favorite sporting events. Not just because it's really fun basketball at the highest possible level, but all of the historical legacy stuff, it's my favorite. You've heard me talk about on the podcast many times. Speaking of finals, MICHELOB ULTRA has given me the chance to win tickets to the NBA finals, which I hope Boston is a part of. Not only do they make a superior beer, they're also helping fans like you get closer to the game. MICHELOB ULTRA superior's worth playing for. Check out MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash NBA finals to enter for a chance to win tickets. MICHELOB ULTRA Courtside NBA finals sweepstakes, no purchase necessary open to US residents excluding Maryland residents 21 and up ends on May 5th, 2025. See official rules@megloultra.com slash rules for price and detail. Message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


Other topic before we do our sliding doors thing is, is the Cavs lose four in a row. And Mitchell, I was saying now last week on this podcast to you, first team All NBA was in Penn and the Mitchell, the second half of the year stats for him are bad. The Cavs tailing off a little bit where they're not gonna be the best team in the league. Okay C he's gonna take that spot now. And is that Mitchell spot open for you? For top five MVP and then first team All NBA. Alright, make your first all first team NBA case. 'cause I was, I was a little thrown off by this last night 'cause then I did the work this morning and I'm actually kind of fascinated to know what you're, Your group grouping is.


So Mitchell on the best team in the east have a chance to win in the mid to high sixties. 24 points a game four and five, 44% 37 from three. He's played 10 plus 10.9 net only playing 31.4 minutes a game. Which is not his fault. We always talk about it all NBA, you can't penalize team guys because their teams are kicking ass and they're not playing fourth quarters. But in the second half of the season since the all-star break, I think he's shooting 30% from three eye test wise hasn't looked as as, oh I can when I won I'll snap my fingers, I'll take this game over for you.


That hasn't been happening in the same way. And Edwards is playing really well and Edwards would be the guy if you're gonna say, who's taking the spot? Edwards, That was the only guy I could come up with. Like you didn't tell me who you were suggesting. That's another alternative to Mitchell. And I was like, I'm at a loss. 'cause obviously it's not Brunson with the games thing. Luca clearly isn't even close in the games part of it. As much as we all love Steph, he's not first team this year. So Ant is the only one that I could come up with. Ant's the only one Ant's up to 28 a game. He's shooting 40% from three, taking a ton of threes. He's got, he's gonna lead the league in threes this year, which is unbelievable. Curry leading the league in threes is always the safest bet in the world. He's gonna end up with over 300 threes and over 500 free throw attempts.


They're plus 4.2 net when he plays he plays, which I think is really important. Doesn't miss games ever. And he is a excellent defensive player and Minnesota's playing better and Minnesota I think has a chance to be in the 49 to 50 win range coming off a summer where they made, you know, a really, really impactful huge trade. You know, that they, that took a while for them to figure out what their team was. Then Randall got hurt, Vincenzo missed some time. Conley looked like he was dead the first six weeks of the season. And they've rounded into a team that I think at least as in the conversation for hey, if somebody could have a puncher's chance of being O kc, who is it?


So I think if the last 12 games, I guess the point would be Mitchell doesn't have this lockdown anymore and there's a world where Edwards could steal this from him. Sometimes with these two it's just, you're so determined to already go with it that you have to be like talked out to an irrational sense of, of getting you to change your mind when if you just break down the counting stats, it's very close. If you go to the metrics, they're pretty close. I mean there's a couple things that favor Mitchell. Net rating Is the big one. Yeah, I think the one that would really still keep it with Mitchell is that, especially for the voters, is that it's the best team in the east and he's considered by most of the models, the most impactful single player on the expected points added stuff.


So he's the most important guy on that team. Whereas Edwards is the most important guy on his team. But like look, I'm again reminding everybody off of last week in the MVP conversation when you guys you that I'm not always You did you guys? Me? Yeah. I used Guy. I did it, I did. And I'm, you know, I'm not ashamed of him. I'm glad we kept it and didn't edit it out, but I wasn't mad. You know Here, here's the thing, the thing with Mitchell, I'm just surprised, I'm surprised that you're bringing it up considering I think it's gonna factor in your SGA yoic stuff. No, I would still have Mitchell first team. I was just surprised that we're not done yet. And I've said this in years past.


I think the counting stats get tough sometimes when somebody is sacrificing to be in an awesome team. Mitchell could clearly score 28 a game if he wanted to. Yeah. And he, the stats are what they are because this is the best way for his team to win. He's also playing less minutes. I still feel like in the right game, in the right situation, he's toe to toe against anybody else you could throw out there. He is the least afraid guy. He is the guy they need the most and that's why he still has the spot. But I do think Edwards is as is at least in the ballpark now, potentially stealing it. The, the thing I kept coming back to is if you just switch these guys this season, is Cleveland better or worse?


And I actually don't think they'd be better with a young Edward still feeling himself out trying to decide how good he is as a player. If you just threw him into what they have, I think he's still figuring out his individual stuff a little bit. And I think that would've probably hurt them a tiny bit. Whereas Mitchell knows who he is, he's been in the league long enough, he knows what his ceiling is as a player and he is able to sacrifice a little because he knows it's the best for the team. I'm not sure that's Edwards yet, but you can make a case if you flip them the other way. Maybe Minnesota's not as good with Mitchell because you know, they lose the two-way stuff with Ant and they lose some of the swagger and some of the other stuff he brings to the table.


So it's a fun convo. At least We did a version of this with Saru on my pod this week, which just like, who would you rather have? And it wasn't long term, it was just kind of like right now to close out the season. Which is, you know, look, yeah, it's, it's not the most original gimmick but it's kind of interesting. But he went with, he'd rather have Mitchell now and through the rest of the season. Hmm. I would, I would rather have an, I would rather have him because the defense. But I think there's also a part of this where you could criticize an a little for like does he bring it defensively every single night? His top version of his defense is better than the top version of Mitchell's defense. And that could be as simple as just being a size, I mean is as athletic as Mitchell is. I mean it sounds crazy to suggest you prefer somebody else's athleticism over Donovan Mitchell.


But Ant's that guy I would put Ant for if he really cares for three minutes. He's way, way, way, way up there with like the best guys in the league when he really care if it's like, ant we need you to shut this guy down. I would trust him. We've seen it. We've seen it. Right. And he loves it too. He really like gets a rush out of doing it. So that's the thing. It's just he has such a responsibility on the other end. I I think he's got picket spots. Yeah. I don't, I know what you're saying about like Ant in the maturing part of this, is Mitchell gone through enough playoff seasoning that this is a better version of him, of dialing it down a little bit.


But I'd say even with the way Ant handled the cat stuff Yeah. Handles the Rudy stuff that he actually shows kind of a teammate maturity. Yeah. And as far as shot selection and some of that stuff, I, I think they've been so bad at times this year on offense. And you're right, they're rounding in a form and I know like, look, they lost to Zion. 'cause Zion went crazy. They lost to the Pacers in that weird game. 'cause Obie Toppin couldn't miss from three hits that ridiculous three in the corner because I was watching that game going, that Was like a, that was like a mid eighties bird three when he would like fall into the stands. That was one of the worst threes I've seen anyone take this year. And he fucking dreamed it. Oh he had to. It was awesome to, Yeah, that was a, that was a really fun game.


So you're like, well how do they lose to these guys? It's like, well, you know, lucky enough like having Zion like Zion's now appointment TV again because it's so much fun. So I was like, all right, I really want to kind of see this game. So I was, I was in whatever my mode of watching and picking who I wanted to watch. I watched those two games after Minnesota looked like they had figured some stuff out here. Yeah. And so I don't like, it's kind of, I wanna get to the Cleveland losses in a second here too. 'cause you could kind of go like, what the hell is going on with these teams and in Minnesota, like at least that one's kind of explainable for those two losses. And I think some of the Ant stuff at least, 'cause the three point shooting has been incredible. It's 40% of the season all season long.


But you can tell how incredibly frustrated he has been at times facing all the double teams trying to figure out like who are the guys that I wanna throw it to. Like I know Randall's gonna score. Yeah. Nobody wanna pass it to Rudy Conley doesn't really shoot Di Vincenzo was a mess. Nas kind of hit or miss. I've really liked what Jayden has been for a long stretch here. I think he's just been a more assertive, Most aggressive, yeah. Yeah. Super aggressive. I feel like way more comfortable him having the ball now probably at any point in his career. So even if there's some metrics that say like defensively, because I was looking at it this morning, like Mitchell and Ant are both kind of negatives on the box score defensively. That's, that's, you know, I don't know.


Some of the defensive stats I kind of give up. But if something, like, if there's a player who I don't like on defense and I see for seven straight years of his career he's a net negative on defense and the team isn't always a disaster. That's usually pretty telling there. But I don't know where Ant was ever gonna find his rest when he was sitting there trying to carry this team through all those dark days. So him, yeah, not being locked in defensively, like it actually makes a little bit more sense for him. But I would still have Mitchell first team I think is, is how I, I would too this I just, three weeks left, it's, it's not open and shut yet. You mentioned one thing with Ant that I I think is a really good point when he would get frustrated with how teams were defending him, which I always thought was amusing. Where he is like, come on guys, just let's, let's play this.


Let's just play this. Like men, you know, it's kind of his attitude and you can see him get visibly pissed. So all the smart teams are like, if we do this, he's gonna fucking melt down. He, he hates when teams do this. He's not at that point in his career yet where he is like, oh, they're gonna do this then we'll do this. He's still taking it like personally that teams play him this way. That that's like, why can't, why can't, it's almost like a UFC fighter. Like why can't we just stand in the middle of the ring and just throw punches? Why are you doing, why are you doing this fucking ground game shit, let's go, let's go in the middle of Ring by the Mitchell. Whereas Mitchell knows who he is. Yeah. But Mitchell also was passing to Garland or shooting Options or Mobley or Alan Mitch, who are all nice.


Like he has bigs he can pass the ball to. Yeah. And you know, Randall, depending on the night, you know, is, I dunno, I'm trying to be nice here. You know, he's an option and his passing is really good. But there's also times too with Randall, when it's bad, you just know what's gonna happen. Like the possession's gonna stop. Everybody's gonna watch. You're gonna see what happens. And you know, it's, that's not always a blast. So Mitchell I would imagine would be just as frustrated as aunt was, but the Cleveland stretch for this thing, I, I know that you're not doing it because they've lost three in a row. Orlando coming back and winning that game. Four in four in a row. What I, what I just say three? Yeah, you're right. Yeah. Four in a row or Orlando. Well, we came on after that Orlando game.


We were Sacramento or Sacramento. Phoenix. Yeah. We Were upset that they, the streak was over. 'cause we had a whole bunch of Cleveland stuff we were gonna do. And then Orlando played really well and Cleveland just missed shots. They j they And it was like, oh man, you have those games in the NBA where your shots don't go in, then they go to the clippers and the Clippers just played awesome. Like if you, if you're ever gonna talk yourself into the Clippers or a true contender for 25, that's the game to go and watch the tape of everybody looks good, Kawhi looks great. They Were incredible in that Game. Kaw is the best guy on the floor. Like it was like Jesus and Mobley played really well in that game and it didn't really matter. It's like, all right, well that's the best eclipse can do.


Took 'em by surprise. Then they go to Sacramento and they lose that one too. And then the one, the next one was the sons. And the sons are like, look, we, we keep waiting for you guys to bring Dr. Korian in and put us down and nobody's put us down. So who knows? And then KD plays awesome in that game. So there are four losses that I guess if you took 'em one at a time, that kind of made sense. But the points they gave up, they gave up one third, two the Clippers, 1 23 to the Kings and 1 23 to the sons. And that is not good Celo. Nope. And the sons who we started last Sunday with, after that Lakers loss, they smoked the Raptors, they beat your bulls.


And of all the calves losses, that was the most alarming one. The Orlando one, again, still shocked that they came back in the fourth quarter. When you're looking at Orlando's offense, the Clippers game, the Clippers played so well that you just go, okay, you know, throw It out Sacramento, Sacramento's weird. Like whatever. No, yeah, I don't know. Sacramento wasn't great. Like I know they didn't have Darius Garland in that game and they didn't have Mobley for the Orlando game, but the Sacramento's down Saboni, they're down Levine, which is, you know, kind of a hit or miss anyway. It's like, would you rather play them with Levine? So right. De Rosen was terrific at the end of that one. I thought the last Phoenix game was the one with Cleveland.


We were like, what are you guys doing? Like you've just lost three in a row. And the effort, especially in that third quarter, the rebounding stuff, like if you go through it, like none of these stats mean anything 'cause it's only four games. But the Cs of all teams in this four game stretch, they're 27th on defense, not who they are. 13th on offense, whatever. They're 29th out of 30 teams in rebounding this week. The cast. Yeah. And granted Zoo had 20 and Mobley had three Zoo de Zoo demolished them, Just killed them like That. And that's a guy that you would think the calves would be pretty well equipped to face. By the way, we should mention we're recording all of this before they play Utah today and they might be able to get back on the horse. I was alarmed by a different thing in that Sun's game that if you're just projecting what does this streak mean and then what does it mean going forward when they play Boston, whenever they play Boston, they couldn't stop the rent.


They, they couldn't stop 'em. And if as a Celtics fan, when I look at the Cavs and, and think of like how the matchups could favor the calves, how the matchups could favor Boston, ultimately it comes down to Tatum. Can they slow down Tatum? Can they stop 'em a big six, 9.4? Who has the ball? And that's why they traded for Deandre Hunter. That's why they have to play a Cho even though they probably don't love playing the minutes they have, but they, that's why Stru becomes an issue when it's a, when it's a bigger team with wings. Like what Boston has, I watched that game. I'm like, Durant, that was the, that I thought that was the best game. I've seen him play all year and he was really, really engaged. I think he took 29 shots, he was like 17 for 29.


But if you're Boston, you watch that game and you're like, this is, this is the Tatum window in a series with these guys. Can they stop him? And I don't know if they can, That was one of those games where I wasn't watching it live and I knew I wanted to go back to especially once they had lost. So I was like, okay, I wanna watch this one tonight. And then it was like, Duran had 19 in the third quarter, like what happened? So then it's like, okay, well make sure we get all this. And that was the smoothest. He looked like you were counting it up and then it one point, I think it's 11 or 12 and be like, how is he gonna get to 19? It's like, oh he's just gonna make everything else to close out this third quarter. I did hear some of the defensive player stuff about Mobley in that one and, and you can get into the switching against De Rosen where he got him twice and look, he got him once and then Mobley played the other one.


And like sometimes de just gonna make better shots than any kind of defense you can stretch in him. I guess Adonis was knocking him a little bit on the defensive player of the year thing, which just makes me think that Adonis is up there making sure people talk about Bam. But Mobley Durant did not get 19 on Mobley in that third quarter, which I think is important Now. Well the other thing is you, you can kind of find your matchup, the matchup that you want against them. And you can do that against any team in the league. And they do, you know, if they have those two guards out there, you're gonna try to hunt one of them. Certain teams like hunting Allen and bringing 'em out. And I, I think one of the issues I have with the Cavs, and I don't even know if it's an issue 'cause it'll probably solve itself, but I still, I'm still not positive what their best five is.


Especially against different matchups. And it might not matter, but I think they need Hunter to be that fifth guy and he just hasn't been in a lot of big games. You know, and we talked about this last week. He had that huge shot in the corner in Orlando and he hit the sign the backboard with it. You know, if you're guarding Kevin Durant or or Jason Tatum and a hunter has to be the guy, he doesn't have a shitload of reps. I really like that trade for them. But I guess the good thing for them is the schedule's about to get easier. Utah, well at Portland's not easy anymore. San Antonio home at Detroit and then they're mostly home the rest of the way. But look, they were 56 and 11 or 56 and 10 when this thing started.


Or 56 and 14. They were 18 With two giant wind streaks. Right? They were 18 and three against the west until this weird stretch. They go out west, it's almost April. Even without a deep playoff run with this group. This is not who it who they're, you know, I don't know that you can point to this week if they lose the boss and be like, oh see we knew. And look, I'll even admit, I Think that's fair. Yeah, I think against DeRozen and some of the minutes against Durant, like, because I've talked about the Hunter trade too much, but I'll just say it one more time. At least there's an option for a big guy against the Jalen Brown Tatum, even Derek White, you know, drew Holiday thing. 'cause that was four guys that you always felt like, hey they're gonna find somebody against Garland here.


Like no matter what you do, there's going to be a way to attack Garland. And then if you're helping over that, now you're leaving Derek White or you're leaving Drew in the corner or Now you know, obviously Tatum kind of attacks Alan a lot in that last regular season game that they played against each other. Yeah. So Hunter at least provided some kind of option. So I think he has to be the fifth in that playoff series against Boston. And that's really the only one that matters. I think there's other games where maybe they'll want the spacing of stru against a different team. Stru should Be the other guy May not matter. You know, I don't know how Ty Jerome fits in, in closing minutes of a playoff game next to Mitchell and Garland already out there. It seems a bit redundant so you may not need it. But I could see Stru closing or even Dean Wade who's so good defensively man, like constantly watching him get hunted because he's a white guy.


Like he, It's like the Hauser thing, right? It's he's got a ha except he's Even taller than Hauser is. Yeah. And you know, he's another guy that provides you some kind of spacing. So if it's a bigger unit, so like look, we've been over all these different rotation combos. I've talked about it too many times. But I'll admit on this West coast swing, as I'm excited about the hunter option for the calves, I also see him getting a little too upright. I also look at him like defensively going, am I giving him the benefit of the doubt of some defensive option against Boston? Just 'cause he is tall. Just 'cause he's Exactly, yeah. Just 'cause he's tall here in reality, like you can attack him too. Sce this mattered, these, these four really good teams, I don't think lose four games in a row when they have real stakes and you could, Oh, I don't think it matters at all. Don't think it matters. I think matters.


Here's can I make the case? Well yeah, of course. No you can't. Well here's the case because you'd be like, oh they have the one seed sewn up. No, they, they had a two game lead on OKC for home court in the finals and home court in the finals matters more than it ever has now because we went back to the 2, 2 1 1 1. So they had this in their grasp. And I also think one of the reasons I like them is they've been so consistent and so good and after a while you go, look man, the numbers are the numbers. This is the best three point shooting team in the league. They're awesome defensively. They're able to hold their own against all these good players and then they just get smoked in those last three, especially Orlando throwaway.


That's a weird game, you know, that you, you, you're on Sunday, it's early. You think you're gonna extend the streak right before you go on the road. But the other ones, they had real trouble against Kauai and Durn and Durant and back to back to back. That's a real thing that I think is gonna ultimately if you're the Celtics, and even if you're the Knicks, you're looking at that and you're like, Hey, this is good for us. The Knicks Come on. If the Knick, if the Knicks beat the Celtics, I'm I I didn't wanna leave them out. Yeah, but I mean, you know, the standard that you're holding Cleveland to and saying this could be something that's alarming then you're ignoring all the Nick stuff unless, you know, look, not having Brunson clearly do I Think, I think the Knick are gonna be in round three.


No, I don't. Yeah, I think Boston's gonna beat them. I I just didn't wanna leave them out. 'cause we have New York listeners trying to cater the Phoenix game Was alarming. The Sacramento one. You're supposed to win that one after the two losses already. But it was actually a close game. Like it came down to the final few seconds in that one. So it Was an old school, Oz. I don't, I think they've been too good. They put together that absurd streak. We know who the players are. It feels like this is their time. Not saying in their time. 'cause like some of the playoff seasoning ship annoys me where OKC, it's like, well they haven't done it yet. Okay, well maybe for OKC their season was just that Dallas series last year. Like I know It's, yeah, I think that that matters in that combo. They have done it yet. 'cause that was a, that was a really competitive, awesome series.


So you can't say they've never been in a situation like that, you know? Okay. So we agree. You at least have to point to that. Yeah. You know, because I feel like we've always heard it over and over again. It's like, oh the Pistons had to lose to the Celtics and the Bulls had to lose to the Pistons and it's just like on and on and on as if it never, like Golden State was rather new. Maybe their San Antonio series in 14 was enough seasoning for them to get through everything in 15 and the calf's injuries. But, you know, did Toronto have seasoning or was it just a really good year and then they had their Injury locked? You don doesn't need seasoning. Shea, I think we're good. I don't think there's a playoff scenario where he can't get every fucking shot he wants in a series and Chet is the one you would worry about in a series like this.


But Chet got his ass kicked in that Dallas series and if that didn't make him, he came back bigger, stronger. Hartenstein had a bunch of playoff stuff. Like really the, the, the one that, the only one that worries me for real is Jalen Williams just because he's gonna have the ball a lot and did, what did he learn from that Dallas series? 'cause it's gonna happen again. They're gonna just send the two guys at Shay, they're gonna make Jalen Williams have the ball all the time. Or Isaiah, Joe or whoever it is. How are those guys gonna function when they're just like, Hey look, Shay's not beating us in this game. We'll play four on three against you guys. Go ahead, knock yourselves out and who's gonna step up? And that's it. I would expect too, like even when you watch OKC, if teams try to trap SGA and sometimes they'll save it, right?


Yeah. Like whoever they play, especially early on, they'll probably just sell out and be like, let's kind of do this. I trust that there's enough Playmakers shot makers and options off of that trap that even if you're slowing SGA down, you're selling out and sacrificing something else that usually in NBA games, if you do it too long, like you can't ever go into a game, you're like, this is what we're gonna do though. 'cause then it's like, all right, seriously you can, No, but you can mix it up. The problem is tar is so good at the foul line in that four and three situation. It is like the all time. And that signing was incredible. We gotta take a break and then we're doing slide indoors.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. MICHELOB ULTRA, a superior LIGHT BEER in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. MICHELOB ULTRA crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior LIGHT BEER. No matter the game sporter season superior is worth playing for. So sign up for Ultra at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside and you can enjoy some of these games with nice beer in your hand. ENJOY RESPONSIBLY copyright 2025 Anheuser-Busch MICHELOB ULTRA Registered LIGHT BEER. St. LOUIS, Missouri Must be 21 plus to order alcohol, alcohol available only in select markets.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


Alright, gimmick. We almost did last week and then we got so caught up with other stuff we forgot to do. Calling it 2000 twenties sliding doors. The biggest what ifs of the half decade, because it is the half decade now we had five years ago was Covid. It's been a, it's been a good half decade but rocky start but Rocky start doing better. And I asked you to write down the biggest what ifs for you from this decade. I wrote down my own list. I'm sure we have a lot of the same stuff. We are not doing this draft style, we're just doing like, we can just go back and forth. The biggest things we've seen, what's, what's the biggest sliding door or what if for you in this first five years of this decade.


I have like 12 of them. You think we'll have time? Yeah, I have. No, I'm just kidding. I have a bunch too. I'm ready. I'm ready for however you wanna do this. No, I have three 'cause I spent too much time on one, but I, I knew you'd probably have five. Alright, so Houston takes Mobley number two instead of Jalen Green in the 21 draft. Oh wow. That's a great one. Yeah. Was that in the mix? Why not? I mean, I'm just saying like No, But they, but when that happened, I'm trying to remember when during that draft were we wondering if Yeah, you're right. We were wondering if they would go two or three with that. Oh shit. I just blew, blew your mind. Yeah, I think this is gonna be your favorite one. I mean I know you have ones that you've done. Let's go probably like two.


So let's knock probably like to knock yourself out So, so let's do it. So I ran through a couple scenarios. There's plenty of, you know, as, as the ripples go through the lake off the pebbles velocity here. So that would mean no Jalen Green. So you know, we wouldn't be kind of stuck in this, what is Jalen Green riddle that's gone on for a really long time. And I think the nice way of talking about it's that I think he's still really important to their offense 'cause he can what he can get on his own. Yeah. Like in today's NBA, him being able to get what he can on his own. I still feel like I fell in love with him in those non shin goon games at the end of the season last year. Last year it's almost like exactly a year ago I was like, this dude is figuring stuff out.


And it is a little weird and maybe worrisome about the shung goon part of it. Remember Houston? So they take Mobley two so now there's not the green part of it. They took Shung Goon 16 that year. So if they take Mobley two, they probably don't take Shung goon. So he's not on the team. I don't like doing just whoever is good after the pick that you selected. Shung Goon means you would've gotten this guy. But look, there's a Trey Murphy conversation who goes 17? Well On that pick though, they traded for the pick 'cause that was an OKC pick, right? An OKC got out of 16, traded it to Houston and got these two like super conditional first round picks that I don't even think have really turned into anything. So they definitely traded up for Shang Goon.


The question is, do you do that if you also have Mobley? I don't think so. Even if we could talk about bad teams and not wanting to draft based on need. Yeah, I have a hard time believing that a team would take Mobley then take Shung goon going, we're just gonna roll into it. Although who knows, like maybe Mobley would be the best thing to play next to Shing. That would've been an amazing combo. All right, so you're saying if they draft Mobley, no, Jalen Green and no Shang Goon already, Right? Because he was, it was a 22 first and a 23 first. Yeah, I, I did all the legwork on this and those first were kind of the, those conditional rollover, rollover rollover. And I don't think it's, it's one of the where weird, weird presty moves where it's like why don't you just take certain goon?


I gotta, I gotta tell you, I feel like I need to spend a weekend in a cabin somewhere and go back through all of the crazy like here's four or five first rounders and just do a final tally. Maybe we need to do that on a slower day. It like in August I'll admit there's just some, I go, you've completely lost like Marsha Amp. Like what, What happened there? And I'll like, I'm sorry, like I, I know I'm supposed to know all of this stuff but there's times, Well best small reference will have that. It has that trade pocket at the bottom of the guy's pages and you read the trades and you're like, wait dude, It's my homepage. I'm on it all the time. Yeah. But then they'll, there's just some of these deals that like once all the picks are done through, I think we might even be a couple years away from it all, but going through like what the cost like two trades that felt like the exact same cost and the price that was paid are two entirely different worlds based on how the picks conveyed didn't convey.


Anyway. So staying with this theme here, so you know, who knows what happens with Usman guru and Josh Christopher? 'cause there's a later first rounders as well. But I think the other side of this is, okay, so Jalen Green not part of the equation. No. She goon. Maybe they take him, maybe they put 'em next to Mobley and it's terrific, who knows. But then on the Cleveland side of it, does Cleveland sit there with Jalen Green going, we can't trade for Donovan Mitchell in 22? The answer is definitely yes because part of the reason they did that Mitchell trade was they were like, we feel like we've hit a home run with Evan Mobley. Now we're gonna get it. We've sped up our timeline now let's fucking go for this because we think Mob is that good.


You're not doing that if you have Jalen Green. I don't think for what they gave up with marketing and Five First and all the other shit and the Kessler mean that trade was expansive. They did it because they love Moby. I Don't think it was that many firsts was Three first and two swaps. Right. Oh okay, okay. Yeah. Right, right. Yeah. I don't think they do it. So now, now we've altered the destinies of Cleveland, Houston and Utah. Yeah, that's that's the thing, right? So there's two swaps in there that's Pretty good. Yeah because I don't think, I don't think teams would take a Jalen Green and then go, let's do the Mitchell trade now too either and they would've Darius Garland on the team already too.


Alright, that's a really good one. Great start. Here's my number one, it's an injury one, which I don't usually love for what ifs, but Murray tearing his ACL when he did like to me the ultimate, what if sliding door thing is did title shift, right? This is one where he tears his ACL and it's right after the, the covid when they started it, it's after the bubble they start to season late. So he tears his ACL When Murray was potentially the most annoying human being in the world during the bubble on the sideline. Right. Well That was a weird, that was a weird couple weeks. I like that he's, he's no longer doing that.


Murray Tears his ACL on April 12th, 2021 like a little bit before the playoffs. So he misses the 21 and the 22 playoffs. The sons ends up making it in 2021 with the team. That looking back is like, wow, that not only was that team pretty awesome but that that team came really close to winning the finals. But now I look at that team and it's like, what would this team be at like a five seat in the west? And then Golden State makes it in 2022 because Murray doesn't come back in time. And that's the one where if you're Denver, you're, I mean they had, Denver ends up winning it in 23. I think Denver, if they have Healthy Murray the whole time, I, I just would have them over that Golden State team as great as Steph was because you had Clay at a weird point in his career.


Draymond was at a weird point of his career. I just think, I just think Denver would've been better. But you think they would've went back to backs? No, I think they would've won 22 and then I don't know what happens in 23 but I think they, This is a weird way of having the Celtics win it in 23. I don't know what hap No 'cause they, Miami beat 'em in 23. They didn't even get to the finals. I don't know how it goes no matter how you wanna do it, but I just think they would've won the title sooner than that. It's the only injury we'll talk about. I know the net sliding doors will probably come up during this, but this is the only one where I'm, I'm really confident that the 21 or 22 finals would've played out differently in some way.


So I think this was the biggest injury. The honest sprained ankle in 2020 I think was a really underrated sprained injury when he got hurt in game four against Miami and then Miami ends up going all the way through through the bubble. I think you could argue that could have been Milwaukee that year and then Kyrie and Harding going down in 21 I think. I think those are the three biggest injuries where you could say the title probably swung because this happened or, or almost probably swung. So I would have that. That's a good one. 'cause that Warrior's team in 23, it was 22. 22, Excuse me, that was, that was like the story.


But as it was happening it's still kind of like I can't believe this team's gonna win the whole thing Whole time. Even during that Memphis series it was like, huh? And then, and then the Celtics, when they lost first Game. No I didn't about that. They were up three. One Memphis Puts it on 'em. I don't know. It was like wow, this, this is what we're one of these teams is probably making the finals. Does Memphis have is a weird time for the season? How about this? Does Memphis have playoff seasoning Memphis 'cause of that? No. I Like when you think about Memphis and who they've been, where they've been in the seating, where they've been in some regular season moments and it feels like they're on the cusp of like, are we getting a Western Conference finals appearance outta this team?


I think there's even been moments this year when you look at the standings, you're like, you know if Jaw is right, like do you love their closing five? Like what's gonna happen? By the way, nobody, I think people obviously with Denver, which I think Denver's actually become a little overrated in this OKC conversation more than A little Right. And I even guilty of it probably going back less than two months ago. I was like, hey we still gotta include Denver in that one team. Yeah. And then the more I just kept watching, I go, you know what it needs to be the three teams and then it's Denver maybe in their own group that Lakers push, maybe put Lakers with the nuggets. Houston, I think we all look at the offense going, what is that going to look like in crunch times of playoff games? But now with the Clippers resurgence with the Timberwolves prior to those two losses, like there's a lot of stuff in there where you get through a ton of teams before you ever get to Memphis and you could argue that they've had playoff seasoning but you could also argue that they haven't really had any, whether it be injuries or getting blasted out so soon with this group also because of injuries.


I think if we were doing which best player in the playoffs do you trust the least Jah would be the number one pick in that draft from, I just don't, what am I getting from him? How many games? How many games is he gonna play? Is he gonna play seven games in a row? I just don't, I don't trust that 'cause I haven't seen it and I also don't think like, I don't Think you're wrong on that. Yeah, I think in a playoff series over Harden You would trust Harden more than Jah in the playoffs. Least I know Harden would play. Yeah but I mean is not knowing what you're getting an improvement over what Harden has been for his playoff Career. James Harden is a new man in year 19. Near year 17. Now I, you're right. He's honestly do because even as I like as I've talked up to Clippers a little bit, I purposely left out that part of it.


'cause I didn't wanna be negative again. I, I do it far too often. I can't help myself. He is one of my sliding doors though, so I guess I'm not gonna be able to help myself. One more episode here. But honestly like if everybody were healthy with the clippers and flying around, it's like you're so, you know, it's kind of the thing I used to do to Van Pel. Like he would go, we don't do this enough, we don't do this. I'd be like, oh really? Yeah, pick them then pick them, pick them to win the series, pick them to win the west. And he was like, I bullied him into it one time. Yeah. And he picked the team and then they lost and he is like, you asshole. You know? And I was like look you know this, this concept of, and look anybody that talks for a living, there's a lot of like transition into hey no one's really talking about this team but watching the Clippers be this awesome version of themselves again.


Yeah. And that Cavs game and going through all the numbers and how everybody's making shots and Kauai looking like Kauai and Kauai getting after Mitchell defensively in a couple huge possessions. I was like holy shit. And then I'm saying to myself like, so you gonna pick him? You gonna pick Harden to get to the Western conference Finals or or are you gonna pick Kauai to play for six straight weeks? Yeah, that's another one. So I think Jaw's in that thing too. That's a good draft. You should do that with somebody. Like use that. I'll do It with you next week. Alright. Talk about a few games. I'm gonna do a second sliding doors and then I'll throw it back to you because it's tied into the injury thing with With Murray. But to finish the Denver thing, you think Murray healthy, they get the one in 22? I think they Went in 22.


Yeah because Yoic was that good by then. And I, their supporting cast was good. I think they would've been the best team. Which ties into the other one. It's kind of a one A one B, the the what if the 2021 Nets Don't Break Down is a great one because that they had that Celtic series where they looked like they might have a chance to be the greatest offensive team of all time and they're actually playing well together. And then I think Kyrie got hers. Kyrie sprained his ankle hardened hurt his hamstring tried to keep playing. There's so many and then they end up losing 'cause KD steps on the line. But you know, Milwaukee barely beats them getting incredible injury luck and they still barely win.


It takes them overtime, gave seven to beat them. So then you got all the, if those guys don't get hurt, does Giannis ever make a finals? Do the Nets actually win the title? How do we talk about Kevin Durant now? Are those guys all still together? Do we talk about Harden? We we, like you just mentioned Harden five minutes ago. Well what if they won the finals that year? How do we talk about him? How do we talk about Kyrie who gets traded? Does Kyrie even end up on Dallas? Disheartened end up on two more teams. Does KD end up on Phoenix? It it's like that is one of those, when you talk about sliding doors, there's an alternate universe and Zach Lowe always used to call them the greatest hypothetical team.


There's an alternate universe where we talk about that team went, they're the 99 Rams. We're like, oh my god, remember that? And those guys and then they scored 130 a game and went 14 and 16 and two in the playoffs. Jesus Christ. But didn't happen. There's, you could do an entire, like this Celtic stock, you could do maybe a 20 parter on all the what ifs with the nets over this. Because I went deep into the hardened contract stuff this morning. Oh and I did it last week and I was double checking with somebody on all the numbers of the extensions that he was turning down. Yeah, I, I like staying. Let's stay on on this side of it.


Which ring do you think is more important, Giannis getting that one or Yoic getting his in 23? I honestly Giannis 'cause I don't think there's a path for him otherwise. I think that was their one best chance to win. And if he doesn't win there, he starts to move into that Barkley area and it, it becomes the dominant theme with him for the last couple years. Even before the Dame trade. We're like, whoa, is he honest ever? Is he ever gonna make the finals? How good can he be? We're just doing that for three years and not like he'd give a shit. He's not even from America. He doesn't understand how stupid half the shit is that we obsess over.


But I just think that, I think he would've been the guy for this decade. I don't know how good is he. Giannis and Yoki both took that off the table. Luca at least made the finals last year. But Luca, you know, if it doesn't happen for the Lakers for a couple years, we'll be doing it with him. But this is what we do. It's a, you guys I do like it's a you you it's a, you guys, I don't feel like we're in the you guys on this as much, but I do. No it's though I, I think it is but I'm not, I'm not lumping you in with everybody else. 'cause my first thought was it was Yoic because we were talking about Yoic with all these MVPs and back in the conversation and Giannis, you know, unfortunately it feels like no matter what he does, he's just not as much of the conversation.


I think one year I, I was looking back to like my MVP voting 'cause I was looking at some other voters who I'm just like, yeah you wanna talk agendas. Like this is such a joke. Yeah. And I, you know, I don't know if I'll have a vote again this year but I, I hope you have a vote. You put in the work, you watch the games, you should get a vote. Well I appreciate you saying that but I look at it as, as something when you get done with it, I don't, I don't know how you could ever be like yeah nailed it. Because whenever you try to slot in Giannis, like I bet you if you averaged out my MVP voting years, I would have Giannis higher than whatever you know his average finish would be. And yet with Yoic I think it's a different tier that he's chasing.


Yeah. And I think he would get more shit without a ring than Giannis would. I think for Giannis it would be Because you think Yoki has the chance to be Yeah one of the 10 best players of all time or his Giannis is in that 10 to 20 range probably. It's a pretty simple formula If we have these conversations about you, the same thing with the quarterbacks where it's like okay this guy is one of the four or five best quarterbacks with all these different things. When you lose in the playoffs it's way worse than the 10th or 12th guy. And for Yoic we're talking about like chasing top 10 in history. I don't think we're talking about that anymore with Giannis. We probably were during that final stretch. Right. I also think there'd be a part of this with Giannis where it would become, can you win with this approach when it's like, well dude I'm so glad that he won because I see somebody that reads defenses really well.


Yeah, he stopped taking threes. I think he's a More efficient person. Plays his fucking ass off. Right. He wants to kill everyone in the other uniform. Yeah. The entire time he is out there and it, it just, it's a bit like the Garnet thing 'cause he keeps losing in the playoffs. You have to start questioning him and I think the only thing that was fair about Garnett two bad luck injuries with him too in the playoffs. Yeah. Like at the wrong times. If you were doing the full scope of it, it's like look as greatest as Garnet was, he probably couldn't have always been the number one scoring option to close out a Tide playoff game because he was always probably a little bit more AP apprehensive offensively than I wish that he was. Yeah. But to suggest that he was a loser 'cause he was losing all the time was wrong.


Were people actually doing that? 'cause I remember him just being this incredibly sympathetic figure basically, you know, 'cause Glen Taylor, he lost all those picks and the, but they weren't getting outta the first Mar left. And then it's just like his supporting cast was so bad. At least the stuff I was writing back then was like we gotta rescue this guy from Minnesota almost became the narrative. Giannis I think has had more help than KG did. Yeah, I mean those, those teams, you just go through it and you see who's like, I always like looking up like who took the third most shots for this team? You're like Trenton Hassel. Right? They, they got one really good cassel year and it felt like a miracle. It's like, oh my god, their point guards averaging 17 and eight.


But I wanna finish the point though only because it would, it would crush me as a basketball fan to watch the way Giannis plays and with all of the great things that we just talked about. Right. All of the great things that it would then lead to, there's something wrong with him if he didn't have the ring. So I, I think you could make a really good argument for which guy would take more shit sons a ring here because Yoic is like touching a to a totally different historic tier I think than Giannis is when it's all said and done. Like what is this guy going to be? Because the standard for him would be higher because of the way we're talking about him. Again, it feels a little dismissive of Giannis but we're talking about like, hey top 10 of all time in this sport versus Giannis who probably lands in the top 20, you know, I don't know.


I mean, you know this stuff better than I do. No, I can tell you Giannis is, we're talking about the Hakeem, Shaq, Moses kind of area, Right? And we're Gil what's Possible and Yoko is on like the bird and magic suite like knocking on the door now like okay, I am The natural legacy to you guys. They would get, it would be a good segment to do that too. Like we're just rank, we're just producing shows here right now is who are the most, like go last 20 years, the most important rings. Like how important is Steph's fourth ring? You know, because I think se I would've Steph's fourth ring overall of them. I think it vaulted them into a completely different area. No kidding. So you think Step fourth is more important than Yoko or Giannis is first or only?


I do because those guys still have a chance to win another one. And Steph didn't. And Steph, there always would've been a little asterisk next to him and all it did was put him right with Kobe and West and you know, right in that group. And he's probably leading the way in that group. He'd be, I mean you can never say, oh you the first one LeBron got, all his teammates got hurt in 15 and then the next two you had Durant. That's why he won. He there was always a Yeah, but with him and the, yeah, buts were gone. We talked about it when it happened. Giannis MVP voting since 19 won 1, 4, 3, 3, 4. And he's gonna be three or four this year. Probably four. Yeah. See I voted him seven straight years in the top four.


I voted him second last year. Yeah, you were. I enjoyed it. I did not, but I, I liked your reasoning. Yeah. And I know that I, I went back and looked at it a bunch of times and I was like, you consistently have him higher than other people do and, and look on some stuff. I'm impossibly stubborn. I'll not change my mind. I don't care what you have to say on this. I'm not stubborn. Like I, I might be wrong but I just felt like I don't, I don't know if the list is very long of dudes that are more impactful this season again than that guy. So Yeah. You know, we'll See what happens this year. I think I still, if I had to do MVP right now, I would still put Tatum three and Giannis four because I just think what Tatum has done this year has been incredible being point forward guarding five positions, being the best rebounder in the team and having more team success.


I don't, I don't know what else you would want, you know, and Giannis is having the same 30 12 and six that he has every year and you know, it's some of the same stuff with him down the stretch of games. The way teams play him. I, I think he is, I don't wanna say hard to play with, but you kind of have to tailor the team to what he can and can't do. You know? And he is, he's really a center and if you just think of him as a perimeter center, it probably makes more sense. But I just think Tatum's been slightly better this year. I still think it has to be one of the three most horrifying things in basketball when Giannis is deciding No question, he's gonna go to the hood. Well that, that thing with the, I was talking to a Knicks fan yesterday.


Who do you not wanna see in the three spot if it's between Detroit, Milwaukee, Indiana, who's the not, I don't wanna see that team in the case for Milwaukee is I just don't wanna see Giannis for two weeks. How is that Even a conversation? Well 'cause those are the three choices obviously Detroit you'd wanna see the most. 'cause it's Kade and a bunch of guys I've been there. But Indiana is a team that plays really well against them. That pressures that they have those guards that just pressure full time. They have a ton of confidence against them. They're deep. And Milwaukee's kind of a messed up team. Like they're not that good. You know, they're, they're just not. I Still would rather play, you know, there's an argument to be made 'cause the Pacers are like a mirror version of you as the Knicks.


It's like who knows what happens in that Free for all. Like I Hope that's right. I wouldn't wanna play the Pacers. Pacers are number one for me. I'd rather, I'd rather take my chances with this Bucks team and Uzma and some of the bench dudes. And I, you know what, let's give Giannis is 30 and 12 every night. We're still beating these guys. I, I dunno, I just feels crazy picking the pacer. I'd rather play Giannis than the Pacers. But I understand the part of it. And especially knowing the Knicks and who they are and going, Hey the Pacers are just gonna run and not defend with us for seven games too. And then who knows what happens. Well and they're also gonna, they're gonna really pressure Brunson who's coming off an injury.


They're gonna make him dribble for 90 feet every Time. Ni Smith is gonna foul him 30 times a Game. Yeah, we're gonna hack him. We're gonna talk shit. I would not wanna see them. Let's take a, let's take a break and then we'll finish sliding doors.


This episode is brought to by a Whole Foods market. The weather is warming up and it's time to enjoy brunch with friends and family all spring long with great everyday prices from Whole Foods Market. Just look for the yellow low price signs that help you save money every day without compromising the quality you expect at Whole Foods Market. Discover low price responsibly farmed Atlantic salmon, no antibiotics ever ground beef and boneless skinless chicken breasts plus more throughout the store. Wherever you see yellow at Whole Foods Market, you know you're saving money. Save on the best of Spring with great everyday prices at Whole Foods Market.


This episode is brought to you by cars.com. Whether you're buying your first set of wheels upgrade and to fit your growing family or looking for something to have a little fun with on the weekends, visit cars.com and explore the possibilities. Up to 50,000 cars are added daily. So wherever life takes you, there's a car for it. On cars.com find your next possibility on cars.com. Where to next?


All right, what do you have for your next sliding doors? I'll just keep it with this off of the Nets thing. 'cause I think it's a really good point, especially when those guys were playing and you were sorting the stats going. Do people, 'cause like I think a little, it gets overstated in each season. We're like, Hey, do you realize that this team is now on pace to be the greatest offensive all time? Like Dallas had it a couple years ago for this stretch. It's like, okay, but at no point do I look at this team. It's the rising tides thing as offenses get better and better every single year. But there was some net stuff that was happening with that group and they were winning all of those games in the rare occasion that those dudes were playing. So I love that one. Alright, so Harden we know turned down an extension with Houston that was like a hundred million on top of the a hundred that he was owed.


He turned that one down before the 21 season started. Remember there's that deadline before the season gets going where he can sign an extension. He was offered three years and 160 million that would've been on top of a player option of 47.4 million. Hmm. He turned that one down because he was actually eligible for an extension for 225 million for four more years. So of all of these scenarios, he ended up demanding a trade after he'd called Brooklyn Home. Right? Said we're all on the same page. But again, I, I'm sympathetic to harden a couple different times in the hardened timeline and in the case of him being frustrated with the nets and going like, what the hell's going on over here?


You know, the Kyrie stuff, he didn't want to be there anymore. I don't like the way he handled it but that's what he ends up doing. He moves on. Alright so instead of hitting free agency and signing any of these things that he's already been offered, he goes to Philly and does a two year deal for 68 million with the player option for the next year at 35.7 to Allegedly give them a chance to get more guys. 'cause He does took a lesser deal. He does, right? They do get more guys but he's PJ Tucker. He, but the real thing was like we'll take care of you in two years if you do this. But yeah, and that's why I've always kind of taken hard in size that if he has already turned down a hundred million dollars extension from Houston, that was gonna make him the highest paid player in the NBA.


There's $161 million extension. That's all the nets could offer him before the season. But he was like, look, I'm going to turn it down. I'm going to go to free agency, I'm going to sign the extension with you here. And at one point, I think in the 26, 27 season, he was gonna be the first $60 million player a year on the books again. So that's 26, 27. We're still two years away from that season that was supposed to be on the books with some of these extensions. So he is turning all that stuff down. Granted, he then gets frustrated with the nets and wants out but these are the numbers that he's expecting that he's in line for. And then he signs for two years in 68 and all of us are like, what the fuck? Right? He has a player option for the second year and remember the player option of like, wow, he's just gonna opt out and then he is gonna go back and get his four years, $200 million.


No he's not because now he's not getting the extension. Now he's pissed. He opts in to control the trade market with this. He opts in so that means he makes 68.6 million with the Sixers. He signs the two year $70 million deal this past free agency with the Clippers. So instead of those four years where he makes 1 38, he basically made about 70 million less over those four years. What if, what if the Sixers had just signed them? Can we go backwards because there's, you had so many what ifs in there. What if he just signs with Houston and stays there and then they kind of keep that going for another year before they realize they can't win a title instead of just blowing it up?


I still don't love the trade they made, but it did blow them up. It allowed them to reset. It allowed them to be the moley green draft. If I remember they got fixed out of it, they got cap space, all that stuff. But then you go to the net, same thing Honestly I I think it ended up being a blessing for Houston 'cause it allowed them to reset it sooner and now they're where they're at now Houston. Houston Is Houston's in better shape, right? Right. Houston, Houston's totally fine with every way this is gone. Works out for Houston, goes to the Nets, nets give up all that stuff for them. It's still haunting them to the point that they then just did that thing where they traded the Phoenix stuff to get back their own pick. They, they, which Is its own conversation which may have like, we'll see what happens there 'cause those Phoenix picks like who knows, right?


Who knows, right. But the other piece of that was when they finally have to get off Harden and they trade for Ben Simmons, which turns out to be a catastrophe, right? And they take Ben Simmons off Philly's hands, they They, they give them James Harden for Ben Simmons And like two first round picks that mean nothing. And As much as you, you can, you can dislike Harden more than I dislike his playoff performances. But at that point like Darrel like where's the out, where's the out? Like how are you gonna figure out like Darrel, here's the thing, we both like the trades. Yeah, I don't know. I mean no Because at that point we're like hey they can rejuvenate Ben Simmons.


It turns out to be a rejuvenation. It just gets Yeah it got worse. It gets even worse. So then, and then with Philly he screw, he screws them up or they finally have to get rid of him and then they have, you know, whatever happened to them last season. But then he goes to the Clippers and he allows them to get off the Paul George thing, which then retroactively kills Philly. So he kills Philly and Brooklyn somehow. Anyway he Houston in a favor. So let's, let's and Houston in. So He goes on that one, one out of three right Now. He wanted out but it ended up being the best thing that could have happened for them. 'cause they get to reset the clock, they get the picks and Now you know you were doing a future roster draft.


Houston's at least the top five pick even with the question Marks We have, he helps, right? But he helps the clippers because they get out of Paul George, they get hardened on a much better deal. The Paul George stuff allows them to kind of reset all their apron shit. Maybe Houston's the top seven future roster pick as I'm kind of doing it in my head real quick man they're Top five. But it just, the picks they have with the Phoenix picks, It's why when you're like, okay I'm in line for like 225 million in the summer of 22. Again just take it And figure it Out later. The numbers are are interesting but if, if Philly had just after he had done the first year at the discount and then they saw him play and then imagine like ownership's going, what?


What was, you know, they can argue it's been investigated. I'll still never believe that Hardin just decided to do a two A one plus one with a massive haircut knowing it had already turned down 161 million thinking he was in line for four years and 225 million. It's like, no, I'll do two for 68 but I'll opt out next year. I just don't understand how a player or his reps would be like, we will do this and just see what happens. And then he doesn't play well in that Celtics series. I know he's was great in the beginning of the Celtics series but it was just overall at that point you're watching another year of hard and we're going, who would want to give him four years in the 200 million now? And guess What, It's A key point because he was so bad in six and seven but there's another, what if that die Because he was awesome in earlier in the series to to again to be totally and then dies.


Right? Right. Go ahead. But the other, what if to this is they don't treat hard and well and this whole extension thing and it becomes a he said, she said thing not great for Darrel, not great for the Sixers. So they zagged the other way with Embiid. You know what, we're gonna double down on Joelle Embiid and show how much we love this guy with this massive extension on top of the two years. We already owe him because we gotta show that we love our players and that turns out to be a mistake. James Harden lot of sliding doors and it could end up with the Clippers making the Western finals if it could be a sliding door number seven. Right? Because you'd imagine if Harden stays, there's a couple other things here too.


It doesn't mean anything from Edad in his health, but there're better this year and that pick is definitely gone to OKC, but it's still not like an awful pick. And by the way, they have the sixth worst record, it's top six. If there's one upset, Philly's still losing that pick. Okay. It's like, it's basically 50 50 or 60 40 depending on where they are. Even if they get to the five spot, it's still like 60 40 that they keep it. So it's not even like, oh we got the five spot, we're keeping the pick. No, they changed the odds. You're not keeping it. Definitely. Or because Harden isn't there to probably have them set up for a much better regular season. 'cause if he's playing, he's putting up numbers, right? They keep, Maybe they get the third pick.


Right? So maybe the the best part of this. Yeah. Maybe it's Paul George staying with the Clippers 'cause they don't have the Harden option. Would the Clippers be better or worse? Yeah. You know, depending on George's availability, I, I don't know that there's much of an argument you can make in it anyway. That one's endless. It just is a cycle. It's a fever dream. Well I have another one that's endless Ready? What if Dallas just gives Jalen Brunson a four year 55 extension during the summer of 2021 or even during the 2122 season? It leads to no Jalen Brunson in New York. No, Kyrie to Dallas. Maybe Lucas stays. 'cause him and Jalen Brunson are so awesome together. New York ends up trading everything for Donovan Mitchell who wanted to play in New York for a couple years there before realizing those doors were closed.


So now we don't have the Cleveland thing either because the Knicks have traded seven first round picks and God only knows what else to get. Mitchell Bridges does. Bridges doesn't go to the Knicks. Maybe he goes somewhere else. Whatever the 2025 calves don't happen. It's got 19 different things, but then also it leads to sliding door two B, does Dallas even trade Luca at that point? And then the second part of this is what if Dallas just leaks in mid-January that they're thinking about trading Luca? How do the next two weeks play out? Shams reports, I'm hearing the Dallas approach Minnesota about Anthony Edwards to see if, but, and, and it's just, and then the Dallas fan base reacts and we're off.


And I don't think there's any way he gets traded, but if he does get traded, it's for a way crazier price than what they got. So I think those two are tied together because neither of them are now on the Dallas Mavericks. Is there a discussion about who would you rather have if you were the Knicks, Mitchell, or Brunson? Well he, the answer is Brunson because the price they gave up for Brunson versus let's just the price they would've had to give up for Mitchell. It's no contest if you're saying just fundamentally who would you rather have? Yeah, let's not talk. And the fact that Brunson gave him a massive discount, which again is another one of those that I'm like, I'd per I'd personally, I'd like slight lean toward Brunson for me.


But I also think tips is running Brunson into the ground in a real way. And there's a chance maybe Mitchell would've been better off playing for tips in Brunson. I think what they're doing in Brunson is nuts. I've been pretty consistent with it. He finally got hurt. It wasn't, you know, he stepped on somebody's ankle. It wasn't t's fault. But I just think running small guys into the ground like that there, there's no recipe in the history of the league that, that's a good idea. It's, it almost feels like Brunson, you know, it's like recasting a movie. It's like trying to sit, take like, Hey, could you have done Dumb and Dumber with Jeff Daniels and Paul Rudd?


Right. Well, no, I can't unsee. Yeah, Jim, I, Jim, right. Being perfect. Like there's, there's no way. So undoing what we've seen with Brunson and what he is meant to Knicks fans. Because I imagine as I ask that question, Knicks fans are listening. Just be like, are you outta your mind like Brunsons are, and I'm not telling you you're wrong. I probably lean a little slight Mitchell, but I don't think many people would agree with me. Just because you've seen how special this Brunson Knicks thing has been, how many huge shots he's been involved in. You know, His network feels right of people that wanna play for him. Right. I was, I went to the Laker game of the Nick fan last night and we were both looking around at all the jerseys, right? And the amount of Kobe jerseys that are still at Lakers games now.


All the little kids have Luca jerseys and there's the LeBron jerseys and you'll see some Shaqs and you'll see some old school Jerry West. Like it's, it's Like inland California guys with Reeves jerseys on. There are a couple reeves jerseys for Orange County. But I asked my Knicks fan friends, I asked my knick van's friend, what are the jerseys like at Knick's games? And he is like, Brunson. It's just people fucking love Brunson. Yeah, that's kind of the point Is Dan, he was like, there's a, a couple towns, but it's kind of the zag, you know, it's like when the, when the 2002, the, when there was like a lot of pierce jerseys and then somebody would zag with the Antoine jersey like, ah, I The Antoine jersey because he was there before and he was the higher pick.


And it was like, okay, I get it. This guy, you can do a little of everything. Jordan's talking him up. Yeah. But yeah, he said there's with the towns, but it's mostly Brunson. I just think p the New York just loves Brunson. So anyway, that the Dallas thing, the Brunson piece of it when it was so obvious, like that just wasn't a lot of money and they should have done it. And then they almost did it again during the season and both times backed off. I think you look at Cuban the last couple years, and I'm not saying it undid the 2011 title 'cause that was amazing, but his decade, That's a, that's that's a little too harsh. Yeah. His Decade is fucking brutal. Like not doing the Brunson thing, selling the team to these schmucks that trade Luca within a year and then not getting nearly enough for the team.


Not to mention all the behind the shit stuff, behind the scenes shit that was going on with that organization. Rough decade for our guy cubes just, and now he's trying to distance himself desperately from the Luca trade and he'll do any interview and talk about how he can't believe and oh my God, I had no idea. It's like you did sell the team to these dudes. This is your fault. Just like it was Howard Schultz's fault when he sold the sonics to these fucking dudes from Oklahoma City who were clearly gonna move them. Cubans sold the Mavericks to these guys and they obviously don't know what they're doing. And they traded Luca dce, which is the most insane thing that's happened in the NBA this century, other than maybe the art test may look.


Hey, just full transparency. Have you tried to get him on? No, I I had him on a couple years ago. You haven't requested him on recently? No, last year. Why? Well, I thought maybe with the self, The father, I honestly, I don't wanna, I, I'm not that interested in somebody giving interviews about how they wouldn't have traded Luca Duch if they still on the team. It's like, well you sold the team. I Wanna stay on This. Why'd you sell the team? I know we're doing sliding doors, but we need to stay on this because there's a bunch of things that you said that I totally agree with. But I've also noticed the podcast that he's going on. Is he going on with podcasts knowing that sports guys that know the story a little bit better Wouldn't hammer him on it.


Right? Right, right. Because it's like, hey, when you sold the team again, if the Mavs go for 4 billion in Dallas Wasn't 4 billion, it was three and a half, right? It was like, it might have been less. But if the Celtics go for 6.1, the Mav should have gone for higher. Yes. Is My point. They own their arena. They own their arena. Right. It's a top eight or nine market in the league. Okay. And they had Luka Don who's worth a billion dollars by himself for value. No question. Right? And then, which so many NBA teams, and I just heard McMahon on with Windhorse and Bon temps on this. And he was talking about just the, the wording of the transition of the front office of like, okay, this group is buying it, but I am going to run this team.


And there's all these very specific quotes about how Cuban's gonna keep running it. I don't know, was that to a piece of the fan base? Nobody, nobody believed it. There Were other teams to the point. Nobody who actually was in basketball circles believed that that's how it was gonna be played out. And by the way, we're going through the same thing now with, with WIC and the new owner, unless that's in writing, that he is going to be the governor for the next three years and that's part of the sale. I don't know if he's gonna last two years, one year. I have no, we have no idea. But see that's, I wanna stay on that 'cause this is exactly where I wanted to go because McMahon was using like quotes and they were all like, they all sound ridiculous. Less than a year later of Cuban go, okay, this is how it's gonna be handled. And then, you know, I'm gonna run all these different things.


And as I took, we Made fun of it in the moment on this podcast And there were so many people around the NBA being like, why does he keep saying this? Like, this is definitely not going to happen. And it's exactly how it played out. So when the Celtics sale was announced, which I wanna ask you more about, the first thing I thought about in that press release was, I wonder what isn't true in this Now. Maybe they're telling the truth maybe. And I still think despite some of the blips that you're, you're hammering Cuban here for, I think it's a, it's a much better track record than a lot of the other options that you've had. You'd look at long-term ownership. There's no way you're giving Cuban a failing great at owning the mass. No, he's, I think he's been a terrific, I think he's one of the most important NBA owners of the 21st century.


He is in the top three. Right? Right. So, and he had a great, great first two decades. I'm just saying the le the the stretch here, starting with Brunson to the end, it's really bad for him. It, it gets mentioned in the first paragraph of everything about this. And he, to get Blamed, no, Jalen Brunson, Jalen Brunson signing with the Knicks is not in the first paragraph for whatever Cuban. Like No, I'm saying what happened to the Mavs over the course to where they are now, where their fan base is in a full revolt with the team. I don't know. He he's gotta get some blame for that. He does. And don't sell sell don't sell the team to these people who obviously didn't know what they were doing if you know, and then be like, ah, I never would've traded him. Like, I thought you loved the Mavericks.


I thought you loved their fans. I thought you loved Luca. Like that's crazy. That's crazy to say that after the fact, you have to take some blame. I should have vetted these guys better. I wish I hadn't sold the team. He didn't do any of it. He's just been like, oh, I never would've done it. Cool. Guess what? You don't have anymore. Or the, there are some mees going around that are like a reminder of Mike Tar Rico's greatest lesson that he ever shared with me was the points you don't make, make the points, you do make that much stronger. Which is still something I struggle with, but it's really good. Like if you have one, one point, like sell it, but don't sell it with 0.567 that aren't really as strong and almost hurt the strength of 1, 2, 3, and four to hammer home your point.


So, hey Luca's gone. So it was like the Mavs fumble. Have you seen this meme? So it's Luca and then it's Brunson and then it's Grimes who Right. Single handed Come on is Like screwing up some of these lottery odds for the six years. But then it's Pingus who by the way, they couldn't wait to get the fuck out of there. No. And and you did that trade again. Derek Jones Jr. Was over there. And you're like, okay, well I mean, you know, yeah He's, He is a nice player. But there's just some dudes in that picture where I'm like, actually you're, you're kind of ruining the point, but you just thought it would look better with seven players instead of just three. Do you, do you believe the transition plan for the Celtics and wic?


Because I could see where a group comes in and goes, WIC has been, again, I think with on that short list, we know that he's cared. We know that. I think he gets it in the way that fans would want your owner to get it. They have always spent money when they've had to spend money, they're staring down the barrel of this massive tax bill. Which I think would be sort of weird for w to go like, Hey, now that you have to pay this bill, I would recommend not trading any of these players and keeping this window open. Let's give a 10 million a year. No, here's what I believe. I think it's very possible, and I don't know for sure that part of the conditions when they got to the Final Four were like, we're gonna consider the bids or favor the bids that WIC is in there for three years is as the governor and the transition.


And if you can get to like 6 billion and you have that in there, you're gonna have a better chance. And there might have been some of the other bids that were like, all right, our offer is five eight and we take over the team immediately. I just don't know if that's in there or not. And I don't know if this is Cuban 2.0 where it's like, no, no, he is gonna run the team and then nine months from now the new guy's like, Hey WII took your court side seats so I moved you over, you're gonna be in a suite from now on and all this stuff that happened to Cuban, we knew the Cuban thing was done and I, I can't remember if we talked about it or not when he wasn't involved with the Western conference trophy presentation and all that stuff. And then there was stuff that you were hearing during the finals about they wouldn't let him sit, you know, they wouldn't give him the court sides.


He was scrambling to sit court side and the team only gets two and there was just a lot of buzz that, oh he didn't play this one correctly. I don't know what the word, I Don't or it was or it was played the way it's supposed to be played. Right. Is that when somebody writes you a check for billions that Guess what? They wanna own the team. That's why I have no idea what what where we're going with the Celtics. What was your last sliding door? Because we're almost done with this segment. If Luca's drafted by Atlanta and he stays with the hawks, does that mean No Dyson Daniels? I didn't know you had a Luca one. So I had another Luca one with Atlanta. I don't know how different it really is. He's probably still on Atlanta.


Trey is with Dallas. They likely don't have a finals run in 24, but I don't know. That one's not nearly as exciting as the Luca one that you did with everything else. So why don't you just share your last one that you think is great. I'll Just rip through really quick the what if Dame goes to Miami as fun because has, I Love this one. It has a whole bunch of ramifications. Miami offered Hero Lowry and 28 30 first Phoenix. If this all happens Phoenix, the, the Deandre Aton and Kamara for IC and Allen, that trade doesn't happen. Eight and eight and trade probably happens though.


Yeah, but I'm not positive Grace and Allen's in it because that was part of like, you know, trying to get Dame and they had to move money off and put Grace and Allen somewhere. Who knows the Bucks don't lose Drew To the Celtics. They get a 29 first in swaps in 28 and 30 Portland. Portland ends up getting, they trade drew to Boston for Brogdon Williams a 24 Golden State first and a 29 Boston first. Basically what I wrote down is every team is worse off except Portland and Boston. The bucks are worse off with what the, with Dame and the fact that it didn't elevate them the way they thought, even though Dame's been, I think good this year, Dame's been better offensively this year.


There's no really comparison. Yeah Dam But Hightest wise he's looked really good. Stats are good. Heat are way worse off. Phoenix is worse off. So yeah, it's, it's just a weird one. Okay. But let's say I think gonna hope the Celtics win the title is the biggest sliding door from that. Yeah, let's, let's stand. What if they do the Miami deal? Does that mean Butler gets extended? Does it mean that Miami's still in the mix? Does it mean that Butler's happy? Does it mean that Golden State has no other option? You know without, I think if you do that Dame trade you then have to do the extension with Jimmy 'cause you can't do all that and then not have a Jimmy relationship. You don't think Miami wouldn't just like, hey we'll just run it to free agency, see what's out there for you.


I Don't know. I don't think you can, you can't give up all that for Dame and be like, we're trying to win right now. Also, I didn't factor in whatever happened to be him out Abi in the last year. What happened? Why isn't he an impactful top 20 guy anymore? Does if Dame's on that team, is he Well having another like all NBA not, not that Dame's making all NBA this year, but having somebody like his, his shop making would certainly would help make it a lot easier. Mean they're a mess right now. Know they're Makes band better. It makes Butler if he's happy and they took care of him an extension and they might be a contender. So that's a good one.


Yeah, I think there's some assumptions in that though. Like what if Dame comes in, gets his 30 isn't playing defense and it Becomes a sun situation. It's Not, yeah, it's not really length son. Like you just assumed a lot about what they would be doing in the east. I don't know. I think they Would've, I think they would've taken care of Butler in that scenario. So, okay, so they, I feel like it's two guys not one. Alright, Fine then let's say it's, it's Butler and Dame With Bam No Hero. Is that a top six team in the east right now? I think they might've thought it was but you're right.


It might've been a sun situation where the league got way deeper and this recipe you had for a big three didn't make as much sense in 25 as it did now. I think it would've helped them more last year also might have helped them get some, some some buyout dudes and who Knows, bio guys are so overrated. I think that would've struggle Trouble against Boston. A couple more quick ones. What if Fish Beat doesn't have new owner syndrome? Because he did that KD for Bridges Cam Crowder four first and a swap. It also led to the second bill trade, which saved wa. He basically saved Washington and saved Brooklyn with those two trades.


So that's gotta be thrown in there. What if the Adoa scandal never happens? Do the Celtics win in 23? What happens to the Rockets? Does any of this even matter? Did it all play out exactly the way it should have played out? Is he still second row Joe to you guys? He might be third row Joe. What if Danny just doesn't blow up the jazz in 22 coming off a 49, 33 season when they lost to Dallas because Luca was hurt half the series but Brunson went nuts and it seemed like, what is this? This team's broken Jalen Brunson just lit them up but nobody knew he was Jalen Brunson yet. And then they ended up making those two massive trades to Cleveland and to Minnesota and basically create these new, you know, con real contenders.


Yeah, Totally. For two other teams that's Gotta be in there. I imagine Mitchell Mitchell would've started getting loud I think at some point. Yeah, probably. I don't think that was gonna be up to just Utah. What if Gold State takes La Melo and Franz in those two drafts? Again, stupid. No, it isn't stupid 'cause I wrote down. No, but I mean it's like this is like in a drive. You can do this all the time, but it is, there is a Saltner universe where they take Lalo and they take Franz. Did they win the 22 title at that point? Maybe they don't. Are they better now? Maybe they are. I I don't know, it's just does Step retire Step's? Like I'm done, I'm out. Does Lalo fit in their system? Do they they trade him within a year. Does Lael? Does Lael, does he actually look like a future hall of Famer 1617 A game wide open threes all the time.


Yeah. Is passing over the top like could Lalo actually, I know he is a stat filling guy, but would he look like really turns this Amazing winning guy? Complimentary, yeah. Fun winning player. Who gets it? I'll say Domingo over Franz, which I think was argued really extensively in Golden State side. And the whole case for Franz was he's an IQ guy, he's movement. He could fits into what we do that that just would've been a better pick for them. I had Bob Myers on and talked about that pick after. Yeah. And then was like, who would you have taken then? Because I was like, I, it just minga felt like the competition he was going up against. Yeah. And he was like, well who would you have taken?


I go, it's totally unfamiliar, unfair for me to say like after Franz has had to start to his career that oh you should have taken Franz. So we came to some kind of agreement with that. But I, I think it's a, a lot like these conversations that the guys will have and they go, okay, but if it's a lot like the Jalen Brown thing with h if with this body type and this kind of athleticism, is there enough there that we see that we can build on that this could be like a really special perimeter player where you're taking him. That's what I think breaks a lot of ties in these war rooms. And then we look back being like, how do those guys fuck that one up? It's Like, I think they, they finally realized that the, that they, as long as Steph and Draymond were on the team hoop hoops IQ had to be the number one thing. Maybe they struggled with that for a couple years. Two more quick ones.


This is just a funny one. What are you saying about Wiseman and Domingo? What if Covid never happened? And I went back and I looked at the standings and I remember and actually listened to like 10 minutes of a pod. We did that Sunday before Covid of Lake, the Lakers finally beat the Clippers and we did a pod about what does this mean to the Lakers? And say like, but the Clippers had already beaten them twice. But the Lakers, when Covid happens, the Lakers are 49 and 14, they're number one in the west. The clippers are 44 and 20 and the nuggets are 43 and 22. So tho and those are gonna be our three teams. Basically Milwaukee was 53 and 12 and Giannis was about to win his second MVP in Milwaukee.


I, I just forgot this. Milwaukee was like, that was the big obstacle. That was the one. And then it was like LA versus LA and then here's Giannis over here and what, how's this gonna play out? And Covid happens. They come back and Giannis gets hurt in the first round and that's how Miami jumps in The Clippers completely fall apart in the bubble. So Covid never happens. I don't know what happens that season, but it's probably Milwaukee or the two LA teams. I think the title comes from one of those three. I think it would've been way better for the Clippers. Here's my last one, this is just for you because I this you, this is like the ultimate dumb sliding door thing. What if Philly doesn't bail on Al Horford after one year?


It was such a bad fit though with mbi. It just, it just didn't work. So Can I give you the trades? Yeah. Because they had to get, well this pick by the way that we talked about before November of this November, November, 2020 coming outta the bubble season, heading to the next season. Darrell has just taken over and Harford's got three years left on his deal. They trade him with Malone Mechi and a 25 first for Danny Green. That was the trade they put OKC, they put OKC put to Fred on ice for a year. They trade him to the Celtics for Kemba in the 16th pick what happens to the 16th pick.


They pass on Shang Goon and Trey Murphy with the pick they get from Harford and trade it to Houston for two heavily protected Detroit Washington picks. That was kind of a bad trade. But they just could have taken Shang Go or Trey Murphy Celtics make the 22 finals with Harford. They win the 24 title with Harford and Philly is now tanking in 25 to keep this pick that they gave up because they decided Al Harford was a bad fit with Joelle Bead. Who doesn't fucking play? Guess who you needed a backup center for? Joelle Embiid. Tough one. Tough one. But it was ugly. And you felt like at the time it was worth moving.


They had to do something. Yeah because it was, What's crazier is that Al Horford had negative value. They're like, you gotta take, yeah if you take Al Horford I need, I need I you also have to throw in a pick. You gotta take this guy back. That's how bad it was. And now he's like one of the most beloved Celtic teammates probably ever. Yeah, right. Because it's two transactions there where it's a negative because you're getting off a kebas disastrous thing but you're including the pick to take him back. I'm just so glad that Al got that second act in Boston because it was this deal where, you know, he's just not gonna be appreciated the right way when he signed at a max contract. But it's so hard to sign any free agents.


Like you should be thrilled, especially at the time and age that Horford was at. It's like you can get this guy like I hope he says yes to our max offer and then, you know, look, the counting stats aren't gonna be good enough for a lot of fans when it's Al Horford and then right for him to extend it this far. Like even a couple years ago I was like, when is this thing gonna be over? Like can you really ask to run him this way? And I, I mean thank God for Horford. 'cause without him I really wonder what they would look like to ha you know, have that kind of insurance against Pingus where you need, you need somebody who's really good to play all those games that, you know Pingus is gonna miss. You know, it would've been a fun I mentioned, forgot to mention one other, what if with this the, if the, the Horford trade doesn't exist for the Celtics, they're stuck with Kemba for one more year.


But they take Trey Murphy with the 16th pick who's kind of like the perfect interchangeable yes swing to come in and like that. That's another one. But what ifs Those are our favorite ones. Somehow we went for almost two hours so we don't have to do the thing at the top of the podcast. I think we're good with the pod March Madness. I'm sure you're enjoying it. Not really. Not really. Okay. No, not with St. John's. Most anticipation I've had for St. John's at 25 years. I already told that story about St. John's last Sunday. Yeah. I did not leave my apartment and leave guests behind this time around. I knew that shooting thing was probably gonna really hurt him. I didn't expect that it was gonna happen in the second game against Arkansas.


But LOUIS was just really bad. And you could even see at some point Ed Offor grab him and be like, you need to wake up. You need to wake up. So I think on the whole, you need to look at it this way. If you're a St. John's fan, you've had nothing to be this excited about for a quarter century. Patino is everything. And that as advertised, considering he's won everywhere, he's gone. So it's disappointing. But they won the Big East, they beat Yukon twice, they're back on the map. They're likely only, only going to get better until Patino probably gets back into like, you know, who knows what job is open to him. You never know because Patino will just take him. But if he's content he wants to stay in St. John's, I think that they'll beat even better. So it was a really fun season for a program that, you know, at some point during every year when I would watch 'em and I wouldn't really talk about it all that much.


I just wanted to enjoy it as a fan. 'cause there's very few things that I still have in my life that are just about, hey, this is gonna be a fan experience. I don't really have to talk about it. Not break it down St. John's after a bunch of those games. It, it brought me so much joy this year to feel like you were a part of it again, the way I did when I was a kid, the way I was in college, the way I was in my twenties, that there's just too many positives for me to be too upset about losing to Arkansas because they, they also can't shoot. They were like three forties at a 364 team. So you knew this game was coming again. I didn't think it'd be after one round, but do You think you should have done the press conference after and done The Chris Mullin's not walking through that door. St. John's fans, bill Winton, Glass's not walking through that door.


Walter Barry's not walking through that door. And if he did he'd be older gray. I would imagine a lot of guys are gonna be walking through that door though. And if they had had, if they had one, even a bench guy who was a five, who could stretch the floor a little bit. You know, I I know Florida just escaped Yukon today. Could've Been that guy. Brady Dunlap. Yeah, I know he got hurt. It's too bad. Yeah, He, yeah, they, they're missing. I'm sure he'll just recruit two shooters now. Think I For a little while. 'cause I think it became a real thing in New York and I think he's smart enough to realize at the point of his career that he's been in where he is basically done everything and he is made a shit load of money. Like why not try to be the king of New York for one more year? Because I think he's one of the most crazy competitive people ever.


Yeah. Like I think he, there's another level to him that's even beyond like the most competitive people that you know, And I mean, nobody's ever resigned from as much money as he had at stake with the Celtics where he's just like, I resign. You can have the money back. That never happens ever. It's like, let's, right, but he also Let's negotiate a buyout for three weeks. He is like, I'm out. Here's my facts. But the, I I don't Know man, I've just seen it too many times. I've seen it too many times with him where he is just like, okay, what's the next challenge? And I think that's just kind of the way he is wired and it doesn't even matter how old he is because the guy is, you know, arguably the greatest college basketball coach of his era. Right. You know, I know there can be arguments made for other people, but I mean this guy went to Greece after Louisville and you were like, okay, we're never gonna hear from this guy again.


And then he shows up 'cause Iona iss like, we'll do it. Yeah. And then he wins. He should have Been Holy Cross in Two years. He has St. John's as a two seat and winning the Big East. So yeah, look man, I I would think there'd be a lot of people that would want to go there. The New York thing for St. John's has always been a little difficult 'cause you'd always think this is automatic. But then for the longest time the New York kids actually didn't want to go there. They wanted to go somewhere else. The setup wasn't necessarily that great. The NIL part of it. You know, you can get into the USC thing. Like why wouldn't, why wouldn't, Must be able to just get whoever he wanted to in LA and the marketability of LA and SC and all that stuff. And it's like, man, I actually think it's a little bit more complicated. I'd also argue the SC campus situation is, is better than maybe St.


John's over the years. But I don't care. Like I'm not, I was bummed out they lost, but I was so happy about this year that I'm gonna let that part of it. I think there could be some kind of memo to Spike Lee though. Like, we're good. We don't need you decked out in St. John's gear. Spike, can we talk? Yeah, Just lay back. If don't get, you don't get enough attention. You know, the Next thing's been great for Spike. Yeah, that good for him? Need another team? He didn't need to add a second one. There's no way he was rooting for St. John's or to play in Georgetown is my guess.


Very possible. Illa back on your pod on Tuesday. Yeah, yeah, we're doing, I dunno what we're doing. Alright, well I'll see you in Boston, Massachusetts this week because we are doing a live re watchable show. Which 1:00 AM I doing? What time? We're doing Good Will Hunting Thursday. Thursday. What time is the theater open? Thursday at, at at night It's sold out. It's at, it's at House of Blues and we're doing that and then I'm making you come to at least a couple Coolidge Corner theater you gotta come to.


You gotta come see like Heat or Goodfellas or one of those movies. The town. You gotta go see one of them in a theater with us. I got so nervous when somebody sent me the itinerary and they're like, they want me to do the town again. I go, I'm not doing that. No, no, no. I'm never doing the town again. No, we're just doing, we're doing good hunting on Thursday. I was on the re watchable this week, so we got that Coming up on the schedule. Right. We had a category in the rewatch called Blind Call to re and every time we called, you didn't answer because you never answered your phone. And then this time I did the call and Van Gogh call back, call second time or Craig said that maybe he hit his second time. Maybe it'll go through. Called you answered. And you did.


You did about a minute on Blue Chip. It was great. I was in the car too. All right, I'll see you in Boston. See you. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Priscilla. Thanks to Sir Rudy and Geha and Kyle. As always, don't forget about Prestige TV tonight doing a podcast episode on White Lotus. Episode six. New re watchable coming on Monday. We did Blue Chips Celtics City on HBO on max 9:00 PM Monday night, the first bird episode. We're going into the eighties, as you can tell. I, I enjoyed it. And then on this podcast, I'm definitely gonna be having a podcast on Tuesday. Not sure about Thursday yet, so at least Tuesday you're gonna have me.


I will see you on Tuesday.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope and Y in New York.