
It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel, the NBA season. Hitting full stride. Don't foul out on your chance to win with America's number one sports book BET on fun markets like Live Quarter Player props and partless Plus, enjoy our new NBA player prop pages. Your one stop shop for player props that include FanDuel's exclusive performance trends. Tracking the last five games for top markets. They even do that. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. When you win, you'll get paid instantly. So download the app today. BET with FanDuel official partner of the NBA. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. Listen to the end of this episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus in President SU state's game problem called 1-800-GAMBLER. Or visit rg help.com.


Hey, this is weird. I'm in Austin, Texas. It's freezing cold. We have a Grantland reunion. It's Coming up next.


This episode is brought to you by the White Lotus Season three. One of my favorite shows. Beautiful locations, twisted characters, unexpected scenarios. The White Lotus is gonna Thailand. You know, I'm excited. I mean we're doing Prestige TV again. Me, Mallory and Joanne Robinson, we're doing right after every show putting a recap episode on the Prestige tv. Same luxury new reservations for all of us. How are they gonna make this show better? The answer is the show's great no matter where it is. I'm excited to be in a new country with our weird, mysterious, probably creepy white lotus gang. But I love this show. Watch a new season, the Emmy Award-winning HBO original series, the White Lotus new episodes now streaming on Max.


We're also brought to by The Ringer Podcast Network. Don't forget about the re watchable. We did Wayne's World this week. Don't forget about the Prestige TV podcast. We're doing White, lotus and severance. Covered all it. I'm there on Sunday nights as well. My Sunday night podcast with SSC is coming back this Sunday I think. I hope, hopefully. Hopefully CE knows. We'll have to tell him anyway. What you're about to listen to is me and Sean Fennessey and Chris Ryan and Chase Serrano going to Austin, Texas where for some reason it's 30 degrees was not on the agenda for me, but we're here anyway. And we put together a big show at the Paramount Theater. There was 1100 people apparently that are coming to this.


I'm taping this before the show. I hope it goes well. Wish us luck. Let's bring in Pearl Jam.


Why the fuck is it so cold? What the hell? We could have gone to Chicago or Winnipeg thanks to Michelob Ultra for sponsoring this. We're so happy to be here. We love being in Austin. I'm gonna introduce you guys. Dunno who's here tonight, right? No, first up the Prince of Philadelphia. Chris Ryan, next up the self-proclaimed king of letterbox. Sean F.


And last but not least from the heart of Texas. Yeah, the one, the only Shea Serrano. It's a Grantland reunion everybody. How you feeling Shay? I feel fantastic. I feel so good. Sean went to a DVD store for like two hours today. What store was that, Sean? I went To Waterloo Records. Shout out Waterloo. Yeah. And I spent $184 on Blu-rays. We Almost died on the way there and back.


Yeah, It was fucking cold. Yeah. What is up Austin? So I was here for the Dallas Super Bowl in Texas. When? When was that? Like 2010. And it snowed like an inch. And nobody could get anywhere because they had no snowplows. And that was when I realized, oh yeah, Texas doesn't do well with cold weather. We are gonna do a bunch of stuff with you guys today. We have a big fun, crazy draft in the second part of this podcast. But we're gonna start, we're gonna do a hodgepodge thing. Let's, let's start with All Star Weekend 'cause it just happened. Sure. Boom. Oh wow. Wow. Tough beat. Second lowest rigs ever. Shay is this the sun cost?


Can it be fixed? It can be fixed. And I'm gonna tell you how it's gonna be fixed. There's a, there's a man, a seven foot five man in San Antonio and he's going to save it. What's gonna happen is, same thing that we saw happen with the in-season tournament where LeBron said, Hey, guess what? I care about this. And then everybody else went, okay cool. We care about it too. So that's wimpy. That's gonna happen with Wim. He's gonna no Raise another seven foot five guy in San Antonio I's gonna Take it over. I Didn't know. I didn't know there was another one coming. Right now the guy, joker is the guy and he is like, I don't care about any of this at all. I don't, I don't care. One single percent. So everybody else falls in line when Wimpy's the the guy, he's gonna care and they're all gonna care.


Cr what'd you think of my idea that we split the game up and the Sunday game is just guys from the top five seeds and they play for home court advantage in the playoffs. I Liked it to the extent, but you, it's really gonna have to just convince these guys to want to play more basketball and play more hard basketball. I was thinking about this. I just think that this is probably entering the Pro Bowl zone where you just gotta move it to the end of the season after the season and just be like, you guys wanna play? We'll have like seven foot rims. You can do somersaults, you know, like whatever. You can get trampolines out there. Like it could be like basketball, but I don't know about like the midseason after Luca gets traded. Let's all stop. Go to this place and, and pretend like we care about this game.


Sean, do you van thought that it might have culturally expired, which has happened a few times in our lifetime. Specifically with some actors too. Like Who? I don't know who've culturally expired. Like Kevin Spacey. Yeah. Well that's the, he's That was good under two minutes. But you That was nice. I knew He'd come up. I was in San Francisco this past weekend and did, I had tickets to the event and did not go to any of the events. Which is not a good sign obviously. So I, okay, I'll pitching my idea. Let's hear it. I think they should scrap the game. I think they should scrap the dunk contest. I think they should scrap the three point shooting contest.


That's everything. They should scrap the future game. What about the Skills competition? So I think that they should only do the skills competition, but for two full days. I'm not kidding. And make it like an insane double dare obstacle course. Oh. But like American Gladiators cross with. Okay. But the winning team And I was inspired by Weby and CP three should automatically get home court advantage throughout the playoffs. So there's like real stakes. So you'd have these guys like during practice, during the season, like really working on throwing the ball through that round circle or whatever and all the stuff they have to do there. And it's just like the skills competition match. You could win like seven games in the regular season and they get the one seed.


Yes. I like that. Yeah. You could be like the playing team at number 10, but you got home court games that would Work for the Sixers. I for a number of years, I have told everybody that I met that Sean Nessy, he's one of the smartest people I've ever met in my life. It changed my mind right now. It's a horrible idea. That's the worst idea I've ever heard. No, no bad ideas in a brainstorm. Well the fact that we're Coming up with ideas like this tells you how grim it is for Allstar weekend. I had an idea, I wanted to bounce off you for this 'cause I was thinking about, 'cause if you say Pro Bowl and you're like make the NBA more like the NFL, why doesn't the NBA do bi-week for teams but never take an Allstar break? Wasn't this like the Allstar weekend always happens at a time where football's over, you want basketball, like you want important basketball games.


Like why not just give the bucks 10 days off but then bring them back and have it all work so that teams have bye weeks throughout the season. Isn't that what they're trying to do with Joel and Bead? That was a Joel and Bead joke. You guys didn't hear 'cause of the mic, but yeah, that is what they're trying to do with Joel and Bead Shaa. How would David Stern have handled the NBA in 2025? Oh my gosh. I think about this a lot. It'd say he is like the angry grandparent you had that you were like, oh man, he Would've been so mad. I hate grandpa. He's so annoying. And then you kind of miss him. Yeah. Yeah. He would've cussed out everybody. It would've been some private meeting in a cafeteria and they all would've been sitting at cafeteria tables and he'd just been like, guys, what the fuck is going on?


What do you do? Like that? That's all that would've happened. Do you miss Stern fantasy? I miss the idea of the power that he represented. I also love the idea of him like firing Nico Harrison. You know, like he would've just done that. This guy is out of the paint and he would've done something like that. So I missed that. Do do people in Austin. So do you lean toward the Spurs? Or like what's the, okay. Yes. So when the Mavericks, So you guys are just Luca fake. Okay. So, so when the Mavericks traded Luca, you guys are just laughing your asses off.


Yeah. What was your reaction, Shay? That was the first time I ever felt bad for Dallas Mavericks fans. Like I've laughed at every single horrible thing that has ever happened. When they lost to the Warriors, the, we believe Warriors number one seed belly laughed at 'em when they had their championship stolen by the Miami Heat in 2006. Belly laughed at 'em. And then when I saw this, I felt like sadness. Genuine. You were sad. The people. Yeah. Like what, 2011? Yeah. 2011. What was your reaction when you heard the trait? Cr I never had you One of the jerk here, only people I didn't have on a podcast Was, was me.


My reaction was I was coming out of the movie companion and was just like utterly shocked. Couldn't believe it. My favorite thing about it since it's happened is definitely that the Mavericks keep finding executives to do profiles where they're like, I underestimated the crowd reaction to this. Like Rick Welts just did one And I was like, Rick Welts works for the Mavericks. Like, and they're just like pushing these guys out on the ice flow to get shot with arrows like every other day. It's amazing. Nico's doing a good job getting other people involved. Have you been, I know you're a student of journalism, Sean, have you been following some of these features with the Mavs? How they've been trying to, we weren't actually gonna give Luca the max extension.


People didn't realize 'cause we're idiots, so we weren't gonna do that. Yeah, I I think that they shouldn't talk, which is not good for journalism, obviously. I think that everyone should be held accountable for their actions. I did have an idea for ownership groups though, which is, I think if you're gonna gonna buy a team, you should have to pass like an NBA literacy test. Like when you become an American citizen and you have to learn about like, who wrote the Declaration of Independence? You should have to know the history of the game. So Patrick Dumont, well I'm not gonna name any names. Just be like, what year did the A A BA and NBA merge? He's like, ah, 1988. I kind of like having Jordan, I like having crazy owners back though, don't You?


Well, I like, I like the fact that we always seem to have six to eight terrible run teams. That's great for us for content. But the, the real thing that's interesting is the Lakers are villainous again because they pull off this trade. Yeah. And then they trade for Mark Williams and then they just void the trade. They're like, we don't like it. This hasn't happened in like two Decades. And Mark Williams is like, I'm healthy, I'm fine. Yeah. They're no actually no thanks. Like, it, it, then the trade deadline passed. Charlotte couldn't trade him, but like if somebody did this in your fantasy league, it would be the angriest chain of emails Ever. And people would stop talking and it's like, Bob's not invited to Gary's wedding now.


Yeah, yeah. Oh, it's 'cause of Mark Williams trade. Yeah. Yeah. That's what happened. It, they, they seriously, they haven't avoided a trade in 15 years. She, Yeah. And apparently when you make a trade, you send the team the f the the medicals and they can look at 'em. So I think they just said, fuck it, we don't want this guy. Yeah. That's all that it was. Which Is, I swear to God, if the ladies get some crazy deal for a center over the summer that they were like saving the, the spot for, or the, the trade assets for I'm gonna lose It. Are you guys on my side that more people knew about this trade than everyone's letting on? Because I think like a lot of people knew and then they're all like, we didn't know, found out last second. So that when Rich Paul was like, I had no idea.


I found out. Yeah. I, no offense Tim, I don't believe it. I think both coaches knew. I think, I think Anthony Davis knew. I think the agent knew like he had to waive the no trade clause. I'm just never gonna believe it. They're never gonna convince me. I think LeBron knew what About, but Luca had no idea. I think Luca was the only one that didn't know. Luca was like, I just got an awesome $15 million house in the greater Dallas area. The Mavericks were like, yeah, he didn't know. 'cause he was out there getting fucking drunk and eating with fried chicken, lazy motherfucker. It Was like binging Netflix. So she Yes, the Luca Duch movie, when they make it, is it a TV movie, like a Ryan Murphy type of movie?


Is it a sports movie? Is it a dark, seedy drama that Sean would really like and do Multiple big picture episodes? Or is it a heist movie? It is like margin Call. Call. That's what it's gonna be. Yeah. Yeah. Just a bunch of late night whatever is happening in a whatever. That's all that it is. You like that? Would you, you wanna walk through the heist movie with Luca Doni? With Pokas Neil McCauley? Yeah. Well he, he kind of dresses like Neil McCauley a little bit. Yeah. Maybe a slightly tighter slack. But you Think he has a condo with no furniture in It? Yeah, because Jeanie's never let him feel comfortable enough to buy furniture. I do like the idea of it being a Ryan Murphy FX series, but I would want the same cast as, as the Aaron Hernandez show.


Like, just put them in, Get overt Leo Butts To play Patrick Dumont. You know, like, what Do you think fe I think this is the chance to finally get Oliver Stone back where he belongs. Oh, Oh Yeah. And I think that we have yet to see the way we can conspiracy theorize about what's happened here. But I think he should do it entirely in the register of the doors where it's just like Nico Harrison is just tripping on LSD the whole time. He like micro doses every morning And He's like, yeah, Lucas should go. Like just losing his mind. But if they do it, the Native American guy in the desert, it'd be great if they do It. Like if k that means you get to play Donald Sutherland who benefited.


You know? That sounds great. What you're laying out though. 'cause then Cuban, maybe Cuban's like, 'cause he's bitter that he sold the team so he wants them to destroy the team and he's like, he's like drugging Nico Harrison. Yeah. This is like, this is getting dark. It's like traffic. That would be Great. Kevin Durant. You guys like Kevin Durant, right? He loves Austin. Katie's a little bit of a nomad, you know, starts out in OKC nine years there, goes to Golden State, goes to Brooklyn, goes to Phoenix. Almost gets straight in the deadline. And yet I think we all like him. I I always feel like I'm like a KD defender. You saw the quip this week with, from, from the new Netflix series about the Olympics and Kad just starts crying.


He loves basketball so much. Like I, I really think he's one of the most genuine athletes that we have, but also takes a ton of shit. Shay what do you want his next five years to look like? I would, I wouldn't mind him. If you Could, if you could direct his next five years, what would it be? I wouldn't mind him spending two years in San Antonio. That would be pretty, that Would be great. Maybe the two last prime years. Right? Like not gimme the last Two of, last two good years and then the last three years they bring the sonics back. It's time for the league to expand and then he goes back there. That's good. I think that'd be really Cool. That's so two years, two like Wendy's first. I can't believe he's in the finals this young. Yeah. Yeah. He's only 22. Yeah. And he's part of that with De Fox.


I like that. What do you think Sha I Think he should make a sequel to the Disney original film. Thunderstruck Thunderstruck too. Thunderstruck too. Yeah. Phoenix Rising. Just keep following that story a little bit. You know, he messed up. He should have signed with the New York Knicks, but he was a coward. So screw him. I I actually, I you lost the crap. It's 30 degrees outside. We can't antagonize them. I Love in Texas. I actually think even KD would admit nets over Nick's was a mistake. Yeah. I'd like him to go to Boston and then Orchestrate. I don't like this. A trade for Kyrie Irving to come back to Boston with him.


Come on. And then maybe orchestrate a trade for James Harden to come back. Just Tatum and Brown for kd. Yeah. Yeah. I think the San Antonio thing would be great because I, he, Katie really does have genuine affection for University of Texas, even though he was only here one year. But the way he talks about it, it'd be cool. Yeah. Hour drive back and forth. He would be instantly beloved in San Antonio, which Is what he needs. Yeah, He does. Because You don't wanna be the guy who played for 25 years and everyone's like, ah, like, like Vince Carter. Vince Carter got retired by Toronto and Yeah, he's like got a retirement story every Week and the Nets and it's like you played for the Nets for four years.


The retired Wasn't there like a 15 minute honorarium to him during the dunk contest or something? Yeah. Like yeah. That was weird. Yeah. Really Feels like we're pushing, He's still alive. Like Hess Right there. He doesn't pushing. Right Then it came out, it was like, I thought he was dead. Yeah. Vince Carter's at SNL 50. Like, eh, it's all right. It feels like there's a lot of rehabilitation stuff with retired stars whose careers didn't turn out perfectly. Like Carmelo's another one. And then Dwight Howard's like, I'd like to figure out how to do this, but I'm, I'm too much of a mess. I can't. But in general, it's, it's funny how like we hear way more about Carmelo and way more about Vince Carter now than Tim Duncan, who's one of the best seven players of all time.


But it's, it's kind of, in one way it's Tim Duncan's fault. 'cause he doesn't do like the post career. Look at me, look at me. Remember? Like, he just doesn't, he doesn't care. Yeah. But now nobody talks about him. Well I I think that's by design though. That's like, there's nothing he wants less than to be part of a conversation. Right. So he's so he's doing great. Yeah. He came in, won five titles, got the fuck out. Is he coaching? He's coaching now, right? Yeah. He might pop in and coach a little bit, but that's the point that we're making. Who knows? Who knows? He's like John Wick, you know, he's Like hunched over so you don't notice him. Yeah. Tim Duncan's at a bar and somebody's like, yeah, car Malone was better than Tim Duncan. He over here he is like, I don't care. I won five pedals.


He Doesn't, he doesn't, he does. Car can have this one. I kicked his ass all the time.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. Michelob Ultra. A superior light beer in the ultimate trophy. Win or lose. You're bound to enjoy the ride with a good beer in hand. Michelob ultra crisp, refreshing only 95 calories, a superior light beer. No matter the game Sporter, season Superior is worth playing for. Always be prepared for a win and order MLO Ultra today available on DoorDash. By the way, enjoy responsibly 2025 Anheuser-Busch Mic Ultra Light Beer. St. Louis, Missouri must be 21 plus to order alcohol. Alcohol available only in select markets.


Where do you stand on X Player podcasts? Have we hit peak crazy yet or Are There two years left to go? Because you go to Hoop Hype now and every day it's some guy who made the Allstar team once who's like, I was toe to toe with LeBron for five years there. Yeah. And You're like, what team are you on? What, how far do we go with this? I think, I think Jeff Teig is the perfect podcaster. He's as good. I like that one. I'll defend He's as good as he gets Pod. Yeah, He's great. Yeah. We're we are at the exact right level now. One more and it all falls apart that don't go anymore. What do you think? So I hope Jalen Brunson and Josh Hart pod forever. I'm really enjoying that show. But it's that's a good pod. Yeah.


It's them just shitting on each other for 45 minutes being like, you're the biggest loser. What Are you gonna do if Leon Rose trades Josh Hart, like, and that podcast gets broken up, Hire an assassin to kill Leon Rose. I'm not sure I, I don't listen to a lot of those shows if I'm being honest. But I do respect that they are currently working very hard to eliminate shows like this. That they're like, we have been observing your strategy of hot taker and we can do better. We just like, we can dunk better than you. We can also hot take better than you. And that's kind of what each new show that comes along knows it goes, needs to go to a higher level. So do you listen to that next podcast?


Sometimes. Yeah. You're like, these are my guys. I have an emotional relationship with these men who don't know who I am. Kris does and Indeed have podcast. Everybody, everybody deal with. Yeah, He does once a month. Does him indeed have a podcast? No. Just like once a month he does it. Paul George. Did you guys know that? I found this stat. Apparently he's recorded 19 podcast episodes as a member of the Sixers and scored two points in his last game as a member of the Sixers before the Allstar break. It was kind of a bummer. Yeah. Turns, Turns out that's why he was available. You know, like, Do you wanna walk us through where, Where I'm at?


Yeah. Where You at? It's pretty dark. You know, it's like, I kind of do man. That's why I'm wearing this fucking thunder hat. You know, like, it's just pretty brutal. Like, I think Maxie is the thing that's made me most sad. 'cause he's obviously so bummed out by this that like, even his effervescence is dimming. The MB thing is, I don't know man, I don't know. I don't think he's ever gonna be what we thought he was gonna be. I remember this, the 2019 Celtics, the year was the year after the, just to make it Its finals. We can't talk about me for A minute When went through this. No. When you know something's wrong with a season and you're like, maybe this will be the game.


It turns around and then it doesn't. And then by December, January you're just kinda like, oh, this is, it's gonna be one of the, it's like every jet season for Sean. But it's just like, That's cool. I'm sorry that was a called for, I apologize. Why are We talking about the Sixers? Well, but, but where, you know it's not gonna come back. I would But then you're stuck in the season come from I would like to know what, what's the like furthest away from basketball. Somebody has said something to you and then you went it. Remind me of the 2019 Celtics. Yeah, Let me think. Like, so we go politics. It Could be, it could be like Bill Family, my father, my father passed away.


Bill, you know the 2008 Celtic? Yeah. It's when we train to Kyrie, We thought Gordon Hayward was gonna pass away that night. You know what the interesting, eventually Brad Stevens. Yeah. Not at Ron Contra, you know, with that affair. Well at that time we know Larry Bird Was going for, We had high, high 20, 26, 9 and seven. Were you sad to see Aaron Rogers go Sad to see Aaron Rogers go? Yeah. No, no. I I, I honestly hope he goes to hell.


Least favorite athlete Ever. That's just what Legacy Media wants you to believe, man. Yeah. What My favorite thing ever. No one here cares about the new Jets regime, so I'm sorry, but the story that they were like, you can come back if you don't go on McAfee. And he was like, no. Dice tells you everything you need to know About that guy. I liked when they did the hard knock series and you were like, wow, Aaron Rodgers is in this. And then they got to one episode and he talked about aliens for two minutes. Yeah. And you're like, oh, that's why he did it. Because they told him he could do, he could do this For Who we were talking about this earlier. Who is the number one celebrity or athlete that's attached to Austin?


Where Austin goes? Glen Powell. MCC is ITW Powell or McConaughey Powell. All. So it's Powell and MCC in the finals, right? Mcc. Mcc. Do those guys have beef? Do those guys have a little tension? We picking that up? They're buds. All Right. They're buds. Okay. Lance. Lance Lancer. Thank You Lance for coming Tonight. Yeah. Yeah. I'll tell you that reminded me of The 2019 suckers. Alright, so let's go. I'll give you McConney and Powell. So who says McConaughey? Woo. Who says Glen Powell?


All right, mcc. There you go. Jesus. Done deal. There you go. Wow. They did not like Sisters MCC Has really figured it out. Yeah, Because he goes to all the, he goes to a lot of the Texas camps too. He's Like, like an assistant coach now. Yeah. See our scale of one to 20. How genuine is Bradley Cooper's Eagles fandom? Would you say one to 20? I'll give you, I'm gonna go 19. Just because it feels super recent. Like I'm sure it's, it's genuine, but like I don't recall him being a part of the Eagles before 2017. She's more recent. She was like on a late night show talking about loving the Giants like five years ago.


So it just cool. Like you can, you can love who you wanna love but like that she just switched around on The NFC. Can I love the Eagles? Like is that on the board for me? Sure. Okay, cool. Water's warm. Shay, who's your favorite celebrity attached to a team? Celebrity? Let's go with, let's go with, let's, Let's San Antonio have one. Danny Trejo. Yeah. Yeah. He, they, they play like during Spurs games, a Danny Tre Hill clip of him being like, Hey let's fucking go. Do they really? Yeah. That's like a real thing. That's a really good one. I like that one. That would be Great. Every before every game's. Like ne Jeez.


Come on. What about you Sha? Favorite celebrity fan of one of my Teams of, but tied to a team. Any team, the one you feel is the most genuine. I mean, Jack and the Lakers is the realest shit ever. Not Larry David and the Jets. No, he abandoned the Jets. Larry David quit the Jets. Yeah, he quit the Jets once Again. Smartest guy of all time. Couple more quickies. If speaking of Austin, if Austin tried to steal the Spurs from San Antonio, Would It cause the Civil War in Texas there Would be, there would be 2 million Mexicans outside of the Moody Center. Mad as hell.


So it's never Happening. Never happening. Where's this s arena? They're playing tomorrow. It's a nice one, right? Yeah. Who knows? It doesn't matter. We're look at Sha. She No, I'm kidding. Doesn't like this. She's got salty about this. I like, I like Austin a lot. It's one of like the 10 best cities in Texas. Like easily top 10, no question. Sean. Who's winning best picture at the Oscars? I had that on my list. Nora. Yeah. Which Yeah, Nora gang. Yeah. Hell yeah. Thank you. Because it did the D-G-A-P-G-A-W-G-A, whatever the hell. That Triple Crown. Yeah, you nailed it brother.


The, In August we were texting about the No, in September we were texting about the Oscars And I was like, I think it's a Nora. 'cause there's like nothing else going on and you're like, no chance. Well there's a lot of sex in that movie. There is. There Is. What did you think of? And A lot of old people that vote for the Oscars. Yeah. Did you like those scenes? I thought they were very well done. Yeah, Very tasteful. Very tasteful. Yeah. I thought for the character it made a lot of sense. It did, It did. Really strong writing. So the last movie that did those three but then didn't win Best Picture was Crash. It Was Crash. Yeah. Well Brokeback Mountain won those three awards in 2005.


Oh yeah. Brokeback Mountain won the three, didn't Hit the last one. And then Crash won on Oscar night, which is the first time I gouged my eyes out and then had reconstructive surgery. So a Nora, what if it's not an Nora? Who is Bill? How many times have you seen the brutalist in theaters? So three and a half hours is a long time. Yeah. What Was the name of the Netflix True crime doc you were telling us about Backstage. Yeah. Didn't you watch, how long was that Episodes of Gabby Petito Today? How long Gabby Petito. Yeah. So Netflix has this new documentary. This girl was a vlogger and, and just a lot of vlogging footage and, And I got sucked in three episodes.


Guess what? She didn't make it. Was it rough? Was it roughly three and a half hours? It was probably longer than that. That's like two and a half. So you brutalist Is too long. But a nine hour Celtics documentary is just Right. Could have been longer. Yeah. These true crime things. I love when the guys, the killers make the same mistake every time. Like they, this guy in, in the new one, he once somebody's dead, they take the phone and they send texts back and forth. Like the police aren't gonna figure that out. These people are so stupid. Anyway, wait, what were we talking about? S next picture. I actually do wanna keep teasing this out of how you fix murder.


Oh, brutal. Yeah. No. So I watched a combined 14 minutes of Wicked Amelia Perez and the Brutalist. I just, they send me all the screeners. I sometimes I'm like, I don't know if I'm gonna watch this. I'll watch three minutes. I'm like, I'm out. And then other ones I'll keep going. I don't have time to watch 50 Oscar screeners. There's terrible basketball to watch. I get like corn of talks on a Thursday. I got real shit to do. But I do wanna watch the brutalist. I just, that just feels like you gotta be in a mood, right? Yeah. A mood to enjoy something. Great. My wife liked it. I forgot to tell you. Did she? Yeah. Did you like a change?


Always Woman taste. Did You see the brutalist? No. I did the same thing You did? I saw the runtime And I was like, I don't want to, It's intimidating. It's Like 40 minutes longer than John Wick for. Yeah, that's 40. That's that's a lot of time. And nobody's riding a horse with a sword. You would know I'm out. I'm out. That's gonna be in the brutalist too. Yeah, But I'll watch that one. I'm excited about that. So More movies should have that. I would, I would have you give the o your Oscar bets to everybody. But they can't bet here in Texas. What the hell Texas Boo. There's some FanDuel people here. They love this best actor.


Shaima. No, No, No, no. Really What happened? He has not won a single precursor. So if he wins it's gonna be really surprising. Who's Gonna be, He think he's a people's champ though. People love this kid. You know what Better, better for the career if he doesn't win. I agree. It builds up. It gets a Leo thing going. It builds up Towards, I think part of his campaign for this whole movie where he's been doing non-traditional media like Nard War and doing photo ops with Carl Anthony Towns, which I fully support has been so that he maintains his cool without having to seem like he's glad handing every academy member. I like it. Adrian Brody's gonna win though. Who's winning?


Best actress. I, two weeks ago I would've said to me more, but now it feels like Mikey Madison, she wanted BAFTA over the weekend. She passed to Win. I don't know. See it feels like, we'll, we'll find out on Sunday at the SAG awards. That's when we'll figure it out. If Demi Moore didn't win for about last night, she's never winning. That's True. Yeah. So good. In that movie You thought for strip tease? Yeah, I did. It. Was it under Underappreciated Classic Speaking of movies, Shea. Yep. Are we scared about he too? I am. I'm scared about, It's been a lot of conversations in our circles. This is sequels are tough man. It's almost better up not happening than having one. And then we Were just talking about Deit Thieves two. We were talking about a bunch of twos recently.


Yeah. Yeah. Twos are tough. I'm n I'm I'm nervous but I feel like you can't go into it expecting it to be bad if it's the guy, if, if it's Michael Mann making heat, you know what I mean? Right. Give it like go into it expecting it to be good. Don't automatically be like, this fucking sucks to watch it and then go, that's fucking Sucks. We should jump straight To jump straight to Heat. Three. Just skip two. Skip Two. Smart idea. You Avoid the two problems and then it's just like, just finish the trilogy without making two. What's The most disappointing you've ever been in a sequel shot? Ooh. I mean Batman forever sucked. That was tough. You know we came off two Burton movies. Yeah. And you're like, I'm mixing it up. Schumacher. Yeah, he's interesting. Lost Boys.


I like that guy. The client. I was a big fan of that film. Mm. Batman Forever is terrible. That was, that was tough. I mean Godfather Three is a famous one, but I, we've come all the way back around international. Oh my God. International in the movie. That guy is about to be right in the frame. If with Pope Francis, he's, he's in the mix. What's your most disappointing sequel? I got admit Recency Bias, but Gladiator Two is a real bummer. It had all the guys in it. It had all my guys and it just wasn't as good. Isn't Ridley Scott like 88? He's 84. Yeah, my guard was up. Yeah. What about you Sheyy? I Think I'm gonna go with Gladiator two also. Really the first Gladiator is a perfect movie and you just, if I was like all it needs to be is like 70% of that and it wasn't 70% of that.


I have another 48 hours. Yeah. Eddie was like 20 pounds overweight for some reason I didn't un, I didn't understand why Jack hates why he was in jail for five more years and then they, and then they just fought the whole time. But then at the end, Keo ends up being the iceman. It sucks. And it's like, what the hell? Because then you then it ruins how you watch the first movie where it's like this guy was the iceman the whole time. Who was getting it? And it just like, it was like a Jedi mind trick. It really bothered me. None of you guys have even seen it. It ruined. I don't like when it ruins the movie before it with what they do with the sequel. When they go retroactively backwards and it fucks up.


Like what was in your head already really annoyed me. You think that could happen to heat too? Where it would, That's what I don't want, I don't want my brain chemistry to get, I mean we've seen heat 430 times. That's, that's Definitely affected our brain chemistry. Yeah. Shea, you were early on the WNBA. Yeah. Well and now it was early for guys. No, you were early. That was like 2018. It had been around around While was early in the WNBA And now we're at the point with Caitlyn Clark. Would you say she's the, the biggest under 30 basketball star we have?


Or would you go with somebody Else? Like on the planet? Yeah, I think, I mean it's her, it's wimpy and maybe Anthony Edwards in that conversation. But Angel Reese is Coming up quick. Like she's like, she's, she's playing a smart game. Like She's playing the personality game. Yeah, yeah, Yeah, yeah. She's very charming and she knows how to turn it on. But yeah, Kate Caitlyn just has like this gravity about her that I think puts her right now a little bit above everybody else. It's unreal. What do You think? It pains me to say this because I don't know that he's the most charismatic person in the world. But you know, Jason Tatum is like really holy shit famous and successful.


And I'm not kissing up to you 'cause honestly, are you trying to get a raise? What is going on? I think he follow Aaron Rogers to hell. Honestly, I don't, I don't want anything good for him. But I the, I like the premise of the question, but you know, first of all, Jason Tatum, he is only like 21. He he's got that going for him. 26. Is it actually JI know Jah doesn't play. No, I mean Ja plays, he just misses games left and right. But kids Love him. Like, like, Like younger generations love Jah Shay's. Shay's not gonna like this, but he is gonna respect it. Tatum's got Tim Dunkin. He does. Yeah. He, when you watched him on the starting five doc and that was my favorite part of the doc is like, you didn't learn. Are we Supposed to be talking about Kate and Clark? Anything about him? We're we're Gonna circle back. You didn't Learn anything about him.


And I said I, I missed that. I missed that in basketball players when all I know about them is what they do on the basketball court and that's it. Like he gives you that. But that's why he's not more popular than Kaitlyn Clark. Like what's the Jason Tatum like thing or the commercial or what? Like he doesn't have that magnetism that she has. Right. You know. Sure. I care about insurance because of Kaitlyn Clark. She was like in An insurance commercial And I was like, I should, I should get renter's insurance. I think Luca, yeah. I just don't understand the, the, when they say Tatum's boring. Yeah, I don't, I don't really know what that means in the context of the NBA now.


It Means that they're, That they're frustrated. He is not tweet enough. Is he not like doing enough Instagram videos? Like what's boring? Yeah, We were talking about Kevin Durant earlier. He's the only player who has like improved his image because of social media or making himself available. Yeah. He's the only guy who knows how to do it. Right. Everybody else is bad at it. Well it comes down to like authenticity, right? Yeah. So KD, Whether you like him, don't like him, can bitch about the Warrior's decision, whatever. Like he really seems like who he is. Yeah. Like he's the most authentic of I think all these guys. Tatum's pretty authentic. He's just, you know, plays basketball, works out Inspiring, loves His son. Yeah. I dunno.


Cr who's father answer Is Caitlin Clark the most popular basketball player under 30. I mean she's, she's definitely like appointment television, right? Like if she's going off, people are gonna be like, well you gotta turn this on. You gotta turn this on. How many basketball players, what was that? Brony? Brony? Yeah, definitely those, some of those G league games. Me and me and all the fellas. It's Just watching some G League. Yeah. Brony iss the best thing that's ever happened to go into a Laker game. 'cause if it's a blowout, everyone stays for Bronny. You could just leave and get your car. It was just like, this is great. I'm outta here. Do you Think it would've been funny if LeBron had backed out of the All-Star game and inserted Bronny in his place?


That would've been cool. He Should just start doing stuff like That. I mean, would you have, would you be surprised Adam Silver would be like, what, what can I do? I don't, nothing. No power here. Before we get to the big thing we're doing, who's winning the finals? I think Give us, give us a pick. Give us a finals pick a a a matchup and a winner. I still Think, I still think Boston wins And I, I don't see anybody that's beating them, but it's, they're gonna beat OKC in five, sadly. What Do you got, Sean? Yeah, I think, I think it's Boston. It is really painful. Shut up. It's really painful knowing, having a, like, rooting for a great team and knowing that they're what I want them to be, but knowing that they're still just like one inch below a couple of other teams.


That's painful. You've been there before. You've never been there. Just won the Super Bowl. I'm fine. What do you have cr The maps? Yeah, maps and six over Boston. Derek Lively makes a great comeback. No, I think it's the thunder. I think the thunder are like historically good thunder over Celtics. Did You, what's your, what's your pick bill? I mean, I'm sticking with Celtics. OKC 'cause it was the preseason. I think Cleveland's really good. I I actually think that they've somehow become underrated and undervalued. The hunter trade was great. Yeah. They're gonna have home court every round for the first three. And how you, how are you feeling about second row, Joe these days?


Well, first of all, we call him Coach Joe. Yeah, sorry, I didn't mean to disrespect him. I don't know where I got that. My dad's, my dad's getting a little gamey with him lately. Hasn't really liked some of the subs. He's come home complaining a couple times, but he's fine. I, it's a hunger thing with them. It's, we just saw it with the Eagles and the Chiefs. Like, I, we always forget the hunger piece was sports where the chiefs start complaining. It's like, oh, the Super Bowl. We do this every year. And the Eagles are like, I'll fucking kill five small children to win this one game. You know? And it, and at some point the hunger piece is a real thing. And then you're playing like Cleveland or OKC, these teams that have never been there and you won last year. It's that little extra something.


So that's the part that worries me. I think


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra, wherever you like to watch the game at the arena of the bar home, wherever. Enjoy every moment of the NBA season with the ice cold Michelob Ultra. And you know, we've done some stuff with them, so they'll send me the Michelob Ultra. I'll put it in the fridge. It's really interesting what happens, people come over, they want a beer. They go, oh, Michelob Ultra. Or I've never tried one of these. I've heard you talked about it. A hundred percent approval rating every single time. Keep it nice and cold. It's delicious. There's only one way to watch your favorite teams drop buckets. And that's with a bucket. Michelob Ultra stock up on Michelob Ultra for the NBA season Michelob Ultra, a superior light beer. Enjoy responsibly copyright 2025 in Eer Busch Michel Bo Ultra registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


Hey, it's Bill Simmons from The Bill Simmons Podcast. And this episode is brought to you by Intuit TurboTax didn't file with TurboTax last year. That's in the past now. Taxes is getting the TurboTax app and filing your own taxes for free. If you didn't file with them last year, filed by February 28th. All tax forms all 100% free. Now this is taxes Intuit TurboTax, new filers and filers who didn't use TurboTax last year. Only must start and file your own taxes in app by February 28th. Excludes TurboTax Live full terms@turbotax.com.


This episode is brought to you by cars.com. Whether you're buying your first set of wheels upgraded to fit your growing family or looking for something to have a little fun with on the weekends, visit cars.com and explore the possibilities. Up to 50,000 cars are added daily. So wherever life takes you, there's a car for it. On cars.com, find your next possibility on cars.com. Where to next?


All Right, it's time. So you guys dunno what we're about to do. The the lamest, the most overused gimmick at a live show is to do a draft of something. And we're gonna do that anyway. But we have a twist. We are going to draft sports movie characters who play basketball and we're going to make a team outta them. And the catch is going to be for the two assistant coaches. The GM and the owner are going to be from heist movies. And we're gonna build our team. And I swear this is all gonna make sense.


And we're gonna pick, we're gonna be here for like two and a half hours by the way. No, It's, We're picking a starting five, a six man, a bench player who has to be a real bench player. It can't just be like a starter who's coming off the bench. We're gonna pick a basketball movie coach. So it's like Coach Carter, those type of things. And then two assistants from a heist movie, a GM from a heist movie and an owner from a Heist. Movie. Movie. So much stuff. This is, It's gonna be very long. It's not gonna be that long. Shay, you have the first pick since you drove an hour to come here. Alright, Wait, I have notes. Let me, my notes. We Flew like four hours. Why does he get the Drove?


All right, I got the first pick. Let me pick. Yeah, I'm gonna pick this guy because automatically my team is gonna be better than everybody else's if I have this character And I don't think he's on anybody else's list anyway, but I'm gonna get him. I'm gonna pick Elliot Richards from the movie Bedazzled. Everybody Familiar with Elliot Richards? That's great. In bedazzled. Brendan Frazier. Elizabeth Hurley, she plays the devil. He plays a guy who's asking for wishes. At one point he wishes to be an NBA player and she's like, poof, you're an NBA player. The hook, every wish he makes, he get, there's like a bad part with the NBA player. He has a, a really small penis. So then he is like, nevermind, I don't wanna do this anymore. But he's an NBA player for one game.


And in the game he plays, he has 104 points, 45 rebounds, 32 assists. 37 steals 28 blocks. He's seven foot six and he shoots a hundred percent from three. Wow. You can't, this is, this is Shaq and Steph Curry mushed together. Nice foundational piece. So you're taking him as a center? I'm Taking him as a center. Okay. Yeah. Big men are at a, at a premium in a, yeah. Fictional basketball player. Draft Stretch five though. Yeah. But not downstairs. Yeah. Yeah. I, By the way, I forgot to say three rules for this.


No cartoon characters Space jams out. No. See a lot of Lola Bunny fans. How dare You groan at our dumb rules that we made up five minutes ago. No, NBA players is themselves. Except I thought we, except we get one exception if you want. But it can't just be like, I take whoever Ja, Jason White Chocolate Williams. 'cause he was an Eddie playing Jason White Chocolate Williams. Yeah. And then well you can but that's just the Only one you can take. Right, right. Okay. And that's it. And nobody from Celtic Pride 'cause that movie sucked but not allowed to do that. And we'll go stink fashion. Sean, you're up.


Shoot, I didn't have Brendan Fraser's character from Bedazzled on my board. Is he a fire scouting? I knew you would department. That's A tough one. Well the first name I wrote down is Jesus Shuttlesworth from He Got came, which has the added benefit of being a a great movie. And you know, honestly there are not a lot of great basketball movies, which you realize when you're going through this A lot of great basketball characters. But Jesus was loosely modeled on a LeBron esque figure. Somebody who could come. It was supposedly Stefan Marberry Could save, could save the game. Yeah. Memorably played by Ray Allen in the movie and he had it all. He had incredible range handle, good defender, good team guy.


His teammates loved him. He had a lot of fun at Big State on his trip there. So he seems like a obvious centerpiece of my team. Yeah, Good pick. So Jesus, You know, it's really, we did, he got game, I can't remember when for re watchable. I just, rayon was just such a one-on-one with his basketball style. So good. So good. Like I just miss, I wish there was somebody like him now, but it's even fun to watch him in that movie. Just like his shot, the way he carried himself. Whole thing. Cr you're up, I'll take Neon Neon Bordeaux from, it's a great pick from Blue Chips is my center. Shaq only red flag is that he got five 20 on the SATs and misspelled his own name.


But Culturally biased. I think once we get him into our program and, and we just get, let our culture loose on him, it'll work. And I get my big man, so I'm really excited. So I thought he was gonna be the first pick. Me too. Because he's dominant. But then I didn't know Shay was gonna pick first. I could've told you he wouldn't. Yeah, He's, he's dominant in Blue Chips. It's Young Shaq. Yeah. Skinny Shaq. How do we feel about Blue Chips Pro Blue Chips? Great Movie. I think it's one of those movies that I was disappointed by for like 15 years. And then around 2009 I was like, this movie's fucking awesome. It's the's so it Exists. Best basketball we've ever seen in a movie. Right. Because they just set the camera down here and just Followed.


And they had all the best guys from 93. Anthony Hardaway out there, 93. They're just running like real games. Yeah. I Forgot that. Patino coaches Western Texas. Yeah. In that movie. Yeah. All right. I guess somethingm up With two picks. So there's a lot of guys left on the board that I like And I, I'm taking an owner pick outta the gate. Wow. I'm sorry. A GM pick. I'm taking Neil McCauley from Heat. Okay. I have to have him. He's gotta be on my team. Why you doing show? What I do lady? I really feel like, you know, he's methodical Little Sam Presti.


Yeah. Yeah. It's like you call Neil McCauley and you're like, we, we need Paul George. 'cause that's how we're gonna get quiet. Leonard Neil McCauley would hold out for SGA in the sixth first rounders. But what is his version of going back for Wingrow? That's a good question. Penetrating Chet. You know, you don't want to do that, but that's Why, that's why I'm here because that's where you talk Neil out of like, don't know. Dude, we, we won the Paul George trade. Don't go after Wingrow. If blinker calls Neil McCauley for Luca, does he go, there's a dead man on the other end Of this phone. So the guy that you want running your team, my GM Is his whole team dies. Yeah. Except for one who's a hold up somewhere.


He dies. Yeah. And the only rule that he ever says he has immediately breaks the first time it comes into play. That's, that's the guy running your feet. I was really impressed with some of his heists Put In the, put in the stuff on the, you know, where this thing's called the things that blink the tires. Yeah. Not only the ambulance, but then putting that across the way they, yeah. I don't know. I just like how it does it Got the job. All right. All right. My other pick. So I mean this is a layup, but Phish that saves Pittsburgh. Julie serving plays Moses Guthrie and it's right his knee, he still has his knees, let's say it's like right after the A-B-A-N-B-A merger.


And he's just crushing it in real life. He's in the movie, there's a playground scene where he takes a girl on a date and that's the best, starts dunking for her with slow motion with like romantic music. That's absolute best. And it's just lights out toward force. Women love that by the way. Yeah. They love it. Well that it started 50 years of people doing that on dates. Anyway, he's on my team too. So There you go. Shea. Is it? No, Chris, you're up. Oh, we're gonna go. Yeah, We're going back. We're snake drafting. Okay. I think I'll take Billy Hoyle from White Man Kent Jones. Ooh, I like it. I like it.


It's a little bit of a debate as to whether Wi Billy or Sydney are who's better. You know, I know that like the Played right into my hands, But I think Billy just has that sense of fashion, that flare, that big game Appetite. I love it. Say that. I would say that. So go ahead. So it was, it's 'cause he is white. Yeah. That's why Billy Hoyle great character, very inspiring to a young me, but also a complete fiction. The idea of that guy bawling out on the Venice courts absolute nonsense. Sydnee Dean would've broken his ankles a hundred times out of a hundred. I I've seen videos of the professor on that same court doing that same stuff.


Just, yeah, That was ai. We were watching Woody was Woody as, as Billy Hoyle. Very Austin Reeves ish. Yeah. When you watch Austin Reeves now that kind of herky jerky, toolsy Crossover. And if he hadn't had the distraction of Rosie Perez being on jeopardy, who knows what he could have achieved, you know? Right. And who is it? Or just the distraction of Rosie Perez in general About the, the Ooky Brothers. Right. That was kind of an issue for Cr. Do you see Neon Buddo and Billy Hoyle running a lot of picket roll or high speed? Well, we have To see how my back court fills out Bill. But thank you for asking. Okay. Sean, what do you got? I'll just take Sydney Dean so nobody else can take him. We can close out White men. Can't jump right here. Unless you want to take some of the guys they were ball, Ball against.


No, I have people, nobody's picking. I, I just think Sydney Dean and Jesus in my back court. We've got a lot of speed, power. We're gonna be really hard to defend at the rim. We've got range. I'm feeling good about my back court so far. Also, I, you know, I had my eye kneel just to make you mad. But you jumped at, jumped the line. So I'm gonna make the crowd mad. I didn't think we nice was good at basketball. I I never bought the high dribble. Lot of this. Yeah, A lot of his stuff is in Slowmo, I think. And then when we did the research for re watchable, it was like he had never really played basketball and they had to put him through like a basketball clinic. And I was like, I fucking knew.


It Could just tell. Whereas like Woody, you could just see like he had the flow to him. So anyway, congrats Sean. Great pick. I feel like Giannis didn't pick up a basketball until he was like 15. Fair. A Similar situation, Quick study, Right? Shay, you have two picks. I'm on the edge of my seat. I have two picks. All right. You don't know how we're gonna defend that back court. I'm gonna tell you how we're gonna defend that back court. We, number one, we still have Elliot Richards who's seven foot six. But give me Wood Harris from above the rim. Oh my God, you're going with Wood first. I want, I want, I want Wood Harris because I want a guy who, if he's gonna lose, he's fucking shooting up the court. This is a man who takes winning and losing very seriously.


Okay. That's how we defend. They go like, we can't beat No, It's Wayne Martin. We got, let's lose this game. 'cause he is got a fucking oozy in his Adidas bag And I don't wanna deal with that. So you have Wooda as a, as a forward, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Small forward. Okay. Yeah. And what do you have for your other pick? I need a point guard And I, I need a, a person who can get the ball around. I need a proven champion. I need somebody with a little bit of bloodlust. Give me Monica Wright from Love and Basketball. Yeah, that's what I need. I was rewatching it recently. That's a good basketball movie. It is, right. But there's a part in it early on where the first time we meet her, she's a little girl, the little girl version of her. And she walks up to the boys, they're all playing three boys.


And she's like, Hey, can I play? She's got a hat on and they're like, oh yeah, sure. And she takes the hat off. Oh my God. It's a girl. Whatever becomes the whole thing. They're like talking shit about her. And then immediately, immediately she fucking starts putting them in the blender. Just bucket after bucket after bucket. And then she's going up for one bucket. Quincy has gotten fed up. He shoves her in the back, she falls ground her face drags on the floor, she picks it up, it's covered in blood. And then we cut to her in the house cleaning it and she's fucking smiling. And I'm like, hell yeah. That's a hooper. That's the only person who could play point guard on a team with a guy with an oozy in his Adidas bag. That's who I need. I'm feeling real good about my team right now.


But you went for toughness. Yeah. Wood Harris, Bon McCall and a seven foot six guy who played one game. Who do you have? Sean? I'll also be selecting a stretch five. Another incredible athlete with a gift we've not seen before. I'll be taking Sandy Lyle from a long came Polly as portrayed By Philip Seymour Hoffman. I'm putting 'em in your bench spot. Okay, well I don't know what you mean by that. 'cause Raindrop, I had 'em on my board. What do you have? Cr Isn't it your turn? No, No. Is it I picked No, you're you're doing two now.


Alright. It's, isn't it history? He hasn't picked in a while, right? Did I screw this up? Yeah, You went this way. Then we went that way. Oh, after you picked two, then you went back to me, then we went this way. Then you went, This is going great. It's Your turn. It's your turn. No, it's Fantasy. Fantasy's third pick was what He Just, did you make a third pitch? I just Took Sandy Lyle. Yeah. Yeah. So you have three? Yeah, We're we're doing this correctly. Okay, you go and then Bill goes two and then you go back.


My Turn my turn. Yeah. Kyle cut this outta the pod. I can't believe this is Still out. Kyle, cut this. No, you go. And then I go Kyle, turn the fucking TikTok camera on. I'm taking Jimmy Chitwood from Hoosiers. Another white guy. That's a great Thing. It works for the Lakers, it works for team Chris. It's fine. Clutch just absolutely nails. He's mostly been playing on farmland for most of his life. So I feel like when we get him into a modern sports science program, who knows what he could do. Larry Bird. It's a great pick. He did quit on his team and came Back.


He did come back. All right. That's a good pick. He was on my board. Yeah. No shit. Gonna take him next. I bet he was on your board. Fuck. Now this is, I'm going with guys who were awesome in real life when they were making the movie. Which brings me to Hustler from Fast Break. A movie that none of you have ever seen. Fast Break movie that came out in 1979. Bernard King plays hustler, who was like a pool guy who ended up not going to college, but he was an all American. And if you watch Fast Break, it's just Bernard King, just being amazing. So I'm putting him with Dr. J and I'm kicking ass with those two guys. Plus I have a team of Moses Guthrie Hus Hustler. And Neil McCauley is my gm.


I'm feeling great. So there's two. And then I'm so excited. This guy's on the board. Anita Center. He is a little undersized in in Teen Wolf. You can't Make him your center. Are you serious? I'm not taking Teen Wolf. Oh, Okay. No, you're taking Big Body. If You've watched Teen Wolf enough, number 45, white guy, teen Wolf, you know, he turns into a wolf and he did it in the last game. He got all the, all the praise. The school rallied around him. They're selling merch. Number four, teen Wolf. Are we sure he is good? No. Well he was great. Number 45 is just fucking carrying them. You watch that movie, he's protecting the rim.


He's rebounding, he's doing everything. It's like heroic to watch. I don't know what his name was then. I don't even know if he was in the credits, but if you watch, he's like 15, 12, and five in the final game. This Is an iconic draft from you. So This is amazing. I'm going number, number 45 on Teen Wolf. That's my fourth pick. Chris, you're up. I'm up again. Yeah. Okay. I'll take Shep from above the rim. Our advanced analytics team loves this. 40 points in two minutes. Yeah, He's 14 for 14 From the Field. Yeah, just like, like bombing away from three way before three and D was a thing.


So Mor ball In corduroy pants. I know he was still in his work clothes. Imagine if he was wearing shorts. This guy's wilt, You know. Now if they did above the rim now those would be all threes. Yeah, they, they like, there was a couple of threes in there though, wasn't There? He had 10 threes. Yeah, in that game. 10 for 10. I thought he Was just taking like 17 footers. No, no, no. Go back and watch the tape man. Come On. We studied it. Get on. Second Spectrum is money the top of the key? So I have Shep from Three. I like that. That's a really good pick. And he goes in with your team of quitters, Jim. And she would quit. Shep quit Neon, tried to quit. Billy Whale tried to quit his relationship. You're up Sean.


I'm gonna take some, a more recent vintage of player and the most recent great basketball movie Hustle starring Adam Sandler. Oh, I like this. And I'll take Bo Cruz Wacho as portrayed by Wacho Hernan Gomez. Who's on the Board? Great pick Wacho. Need a big man. Obviously bit of an unknown coming overseas. Really needed a strong voice and advocate for his game. And frankly we need his size on our squad. You need size unselfish. Yes. I thought you were gonna go Edwards there. Shit. Shea has two picks. I got two Jimmy Chitwood. Great pick. Very clutch. There's only been one player ever in fictional basketball who was more clutch than Jimmy.


And that's snake kin from Escape from la. He's in the full court torture chamber of death. He's gotta hit five shots before the ten second clock, whatever. It ends with him throwing a full court. Just in the Second one full right? Yeah. Yeah. Throwing a full court shot. The first, let me explain what happens. No, start from the beginning of escape. Yeah. They have a basketball court with guys with guns all, all around it. They've captured snake. They have him in the basketball court, the guy in charge some whatever bad guy tells him, Hey, you gotta score 10 points. I'm gonna put 10 seconds on the shot clock. You get the ball at half court every time you score the clock resets itself.


And if you don't score 10 points before the clock resets itself, or if you miss a shot, we're gonna shoot you and you're gonna die. So the first one, he makes a layup easy, but he bobbles it a little bit so he doesn't get all the way down. So the second shot he has to shoot is like a 15 footer. Now he's gotta shoot a three pointer and then his last two shots he has to shoot from half court, fucking drills it. And then full court with his life on the line with one eye. He's got one eye one and he fucking drills it. It's as clutch as it gets. What'd you think of Kurt Russell's shooting form? It's, he's a hundred percent from the field. Dude, I don't care what it looks like. I don't care. Fucking Sean.


Marion that bitch up there. I don't care. Let that thing go. He's so cool. He's such just such a cool guy too. Such a cool guy. Great. Once great. And he came by himself. It was 10 in the morning, he was wearing a leather jacket. It was 78 degrees outside and he stunk his cigarettes. And I was just like, you're fucking awesome from you Sean, you're up. Wait, I got one more. Oh, You were up. Sorry. I didn't do my, my last, my last pick. I need a, I need a wild card. I need a guy who's gonna do something. No, nobody else is gonna do. Gimme David from Prometheus, the Android. You fucking stole that from me, man. Yeah. See there's one, there's one scene where he is playing basketball.


He's riding a bicycle and shooting. He's shooting three book shot On the bike, drilling it. And you Know what the best thing about David is? You don't have to worry about load management, you Don't have to worry about load management. He's an Android Guy, gets his head cut off, comes back to work the next Day. This is an unbeatable Team. Yeah. So is that a forward or a guard? That's a guard. That's a guard. Okay. That's my, that's my shooting, my shooting guard Guy. Android guy. Okay. That's my five. Wow. That's quite a team you got. Thank you. Bedazzled Guy, wood Harris, Monte McCall, Android and Snakeskin on Chase's team right now Going 80 couple spots Left.


What do you got Sean? I've got an incredibly flexible roster, but I need an owner. My man is stressed. Somebody who I can really trust. Somebody who's got big ideas, who knows how to continue building out a front office. No Nicos in this business. So I'm going Joe Cabot from Reservoir Dogs as Owner, You know, we know how he knows how to put a job together. We know he's just a mean master. He is owner or Gm. What's that? Is His owner or gm? He's owner. Okay. And he also loves his nipple baby son. Gave him a job in the front office For his head, which Is very owner behavior. And I'm just really excited about what we're gonna do together.


And also, he loves colors, so he's gonna be great with uniforms. Nice Job. That's a really nice pick. Thank you. What do cr All right, so I have Shep, I've got Chitwood, I've got Hoyle and I've got Neon. It's a great team For not, Not enough balls for that team. I just wanna point That out. I think I need, I need a glue guy. I need a deep bench guy who's gonna keep everybody loose. So I'm gonna go with Jim Carroll from Basketball Diaries played by Leonardo DiCaprio. Yeah. Okay. I love the idea of him getting Jimmy Chitwood into heroin. You know, just to mix it up. Six man. Yeah.


Deep, deep bench. Another White guy. I've No, I'm sorry about that. By accident. This is, This is DEI. This is what everybody says. I was gonna draft David. That's right. I feel somehow emboldened. I dunno why that's a good laugh. Bill, I, I'm, I have two picks. This is a big part of the draft for me. I need a guard right now. I have number 45 from Team Wolf at center. Moses Guthrie Hustler. And Neil McCauley is my gm and I'm going to take Butch McCrae from Blue Chips. Yeah.


Keeping my philosophy of real life basketball players playing characters. Penny, this is Penny Hardaway. He had not ended up on Orlando yet. And I just wanna tell you, 'cause this was over 30 years ago, them drafting Penny Hardaway to play with Shaq, but they were both in a movie together. Yeah. Might have been the single coolest thing in 1993. I think that's why they drafted him. Somebody really liked that movie at the same time. Mind blowing. Yeah. Yeah. Anyway, so we'll take him and then, I can't believe he's still on the board. I think I'm gonna use him as as my bench guy. But Fletch during the dream sequence, Fletch Fletch with the Afro.


You know, it's not a long scene, but you can see there's, there's a lot going on there. He's just a force. The other team didn't know what was happening. So Fletch with the Afro is my, my bench guy.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally, they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation, make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to you by a Redfin. I love looking at real estate. You could be in the market to buy or rent, whatever it is. You might just like scrolling around, seeing what's out there. You might like check it out neighborhoods, then go into Google Earth and then checking out the overhead thing in the neighborhood. I don't know, whatever floats your boat, you might like looking at big mansions on the water in Massachusetts. I can either confirm or duh, I've never done that. Whatever reason you're looking, I recommend the Redfin app. Redfin. It's gotten better every single year. It makes it fun to search all the homes for sale apartments, for rent in your neighborhood. Filter for price, beds, bath, square footage, so much more. And if you find a place you love, Redfin makes it really easy to go see it in person. Schedule a tour right now from the app. Plus if you're looking to sell Redfin agents know how to get you the best price possible for your home. That's because they closed twice as many deals as other agents. And with the listing fee as low as 1%, Redfin's fees are half of what others often charge, which means you'll have more money to put toward your next home. So Whether you're looking to buy, rent or sell, Redfin's Got you covered. Download the Redfin app to get started.


What do you got? Cr I'll take Tupac from above the rim as my coach. Oh, birdie. Yeah. Birdie. Interesting motivational techniques, communication style. And I just think that this is a team of guys, like you've mentioned quitters and perhaps Tupac will motivate them to do otherwise. A little razor blade. Yeah. Yeah. Try trying to balance out all that white. Yeah, That's right. So I have two is do I? No, now Sean's up now. Sean's got, yeah. Lot of guys left. Yeah. I'm gonna take, I'm gonna, I'm gonna slide Shuttlesworth to the three.


Okay. And I'm gonna take Uncle Drew in the cinematic masterpiece. Uncle Drew, Sorry. Kyrie Irving, which Is the film I've not seen, but I have seen that commercial and that old man can ball out. So that's, he'll be bringing it up for us. Great. So you're going a little smaller. Yeah. Trying to counter all that. All the white guys. Shea, you got two. I got two for my six man and my deep bench. Sixth man. Not a sixth man at all. He is a sixth dog. Gimme air bud. A champion.


The gr the greatest winner in sports Movie history Championship in basketball. He plays volleyball. Championship in volleyball. Yeah. Play soccer championship and soccer baseball. Fucking played baseball and won a championship. That kid's a winner. Gimme Air bud. It's a movie that only makes sense when you have a kid. Yeah, Because it came out And I was like, this is the fucking stupidest thing ever. And then you have like a 5-year-old and they're like, what is, it's like gone with the win. A 5-year-old. So This is the greatest, the greatest cinematic achievement Anyone's made a dog scoring baskets. Anyway. Gone with the Gone With the Wind is a weirdly popular movie in my locker room actually.


Yeah. Right. Billy and Chip, which is like, I love this part For my Deep Ben. Wait, are we allowed to pick TV as well? Or is it only movies? No movies. Don't Try to cheat. Okay. I was, you Already took the bedazzled guy. I was gonna, I I have a dog on your team for Christ's sake. I was gonna go, I was gonna grab Jim from the office. Yeah. Because he is a fucking monster. Oh. But if I can't have him, then I need, I need a deep bench person. Gimme Spaceman from Sunset Park. Does anybody remember? Yeah, because he young Terrence Howard. Yeah.


Terence Howard. Yeah. Right. R Pearlman's coaching this, this inner city team. They're getting beat real bad in a game. She's yelling at him at halftime and he plays the, the the crazy kid on the team that nobody talks to. And she's screaming at him and she's like, is there anybody in here who's not afraid to play this other team? And then they all look at him and they just go, no, no, no, no, no. And then it cuts to him diving after loose balls and taking charges and crashing into people and smiling. And it's just great. It's a great moment. I need a guy coming off the bench, running into people. Gimme space man. I just wanna say we've known each other a long time and you had seven player spots. You not taking Timo Cruise from Coach Carter is the most shocking moment of my year so far.


I don't need 'em. I don't need him. I just can't believe it. He can't Do anything better than, can't. The guys on my team can't do it. They, I tell you what, coach Carter would not have sent Bedazzled home. I'll tell you that. I'll tell You that. Sean, what do you got? Tough one. Got Uncle Drew. Lock that down. Jesus Shuttlesworth Sydnee Dean. We're closing out the blue chips. Triumvirate. I need a, I need a stretch four. So I'm going with Ricky Rowe, the, the real pride of Indiana, who is the horniest greediest dickhead in the history of basketball movies, but who has an incredible stroke as portrayed by Matt Nover.


And I'm referring of course to his bed game. Yeah. Why are you staring right at me when you're saying that? But I think Ricky Rowe. I Think cr And so We're gonna be playing seven seconds or less Phoenix Sun style. That's what I'm thinking. I like it. Cr Would that go over well if I did that? Let's think about it for a second. I'm for my owner, I've been thinking about this a lot from a heist film. I'm gonna go with Krista from The Town played by Blake Lively.


I just think Blake Lively in the owner's box is box office. That's Just Absolutely amazing content. And do I get a second picture or is just one Okay. I have no idea what the order Is anymore. No, you'll pick once. Okay. I'll take Blake Lively as my owner. So you're taking Christo from the town? Yes. Shine's mom? Yes. Shines mom. Oh, and who, Who's who's, who shines dead. I think it's supposed to be, the implication is it might be Doug. Right. But I I it's gonna be Silla. Yeah.


I can't believe somebody threw out the Ed Norton. My scouts did look at it. The vineyard, the two hand dunk. His real name was Derek Vineyard. Yeah. I'm not taking him. Team Chemistry was too risky. Yeah. Just didn't seem like a great move. When I got to Austin, I went to Kirk's house. I was hanging out with Kirk and he was trying to convince me to take Derek. He was like, the advanced analytics say you should take the, he was Unbelievable. He's like, it's worth the risk. It's worth the risk. I don't think it is Kirk. It's Worth the risk. He's That's what guys are saying in Nico Harrison's. It's worth the risk. Kirk's Showing you a shot chart. His shots are in the shape of a swastika.


I couldn't not make that joke. I'm taking as my owner Danny Ocean. There you go. Interesting. There you go. Handsome. Good is Job. Yep. He'll represent us well I think the fans will like him and he's got a Rob Lenke kind of vibe to him. Could see him talking. Nico Harrison in a Giving Away the Farm. I have some questions about Neil reporting to Danny. Yeah. That's one of the reasons we have Danny. Yeah. Yeah. And then for one of my assistant coaches, I'm just gonna lock him down also from Heat.


Michael Choto played by Tom Sizemore. I just feel like you need him every once in a while for that. For me the action is the juice. Like you just need him in the room for the big moments. So he's on there too. I got him. Sorry. Cr That's Okay. Just one pick or two picks. Now You get five picks. Now five picks. You always have one pick. Alright. For my assistant coach, I'm gonna do Rusty from Oceans 11. Just absolute like when the coach yells at you, when when Tupac's done yelling at them, rusty will just be like, sorry guys. Don't worry about it. Like he, he, he's not really gonna kill you after the pre the game.


Like So Yeah, I'll go with Rusty for assistant Coach. I like it Sean, For my coach. I'll be taking Jack Cunningham from the way back because we know that Jack knows how to, how to fight the good fight and inspire and I, we need to find a way to beat seven foot six Brendan Fraser somehow. So I feel like he Can really Draw up some interesting plays for our seven seconds or less offense. How do you see Jack working with Sandy Lyle on your team? Well, I see some potential issues, but I'm excited to see what Jack can pull together. All right. Shay, you got two. All righty. I need a coach. Yeah, you sure do.


And I need a coach who can handle a devil wish man. A guy with an Uzi, a point guard with a Bloodlust, an Android and a one-eyed mercenary. Yeah. And there's only one guy we've seen in any movie who could I think handle that lineup. That's coach Fin stock from Teen Wolf. Yeah. He's just sitting on a bench. One of his players turns into a werewolf and he looks and he is like, fuck it. Ball up top baby. That's right. That's who I need coaching my team. So gimme him. You know, just as an aside on Coach, 'cause he was on my board, he was the one who had the three rules.


Yeah. Always get 12 hours of sleep. Never play cards with a guy who's got the first name is a city and, and never go near a lady who has a dagger on her body. You stick with that and everything else is cream cheese. That was Coach We're An absolute legend. He was on my board. We're winning a championship for, for my owner. I'm gonna, I'm gonna go the sort of same strategy you win. I need, I need a guy who pulled off a, the perfect heist. Gimme Dalton Russell from inside man. That's all I need. Nobody dies. He walks away a hero and very rich. Gimme that guy. I want him running my stuff.


All right, Sean, we're running outta spots. You have, you have two assistant spots. A GM spot. Oh no, that's Shay Sean, you I have a GM spot still. Yeah, you have a GM spot still? Yeah. And I'm gonna, I'm going double Affleck. I'm going Tom Redly Davis from Triple Frontier. So Oh wow. Affleck will be reporting to Affleck Never Before. Seen doubling In A basketball character's movie draft. Great idea. And Red Fly of course fails miserably at the end of Triple Frontier Killed. Nevertheless, I trust him to run this franchise effectively to a championship. That Is great. Can ask the crowd. That's great. Where do you guys stand on Triple Frontier?


Yeah. See that's why it's on the list. Yeah, It's Excellent. It's excellent. It's on the re watchable list. Affleck reporting the Affleck. I'm back around Sean. F's the smartest person I've ever met. I'm back. I'm back. That's great. Cr do you think you have one pick or two right now? I think I have one. Don't Flip it on me. I just didn't understand what you were doing. What do you got? What do I have left? You need a forward spot, a bench spot, an assistant coach and a gm. All right. For my bench spot, I'm gonna go Jackie Moon from Semipro. You never know when he could just light it up like just absolute great vibes guy.


Yeah. What race is he? So You have Jimmy Chitwood, Billy Hoyle, Jim Carroll and Jackie Moon Christmas franchise is played in Utah Or Boston. Yeah. All right, so now I have two. I really need a coach. But you need a coach too, right? Oh, you took a coach. Who needs a coach? I did. I did. Am I the only one that needs a coach? Yeah, PAC. He has Ben Affleck. Oh yeah. All right, so I need one more assistant.


I, I thought long and hard about Jim from the town. Yeah. But I just feel like somebody would get murdered. That's probably a bad idea. But I really like this guy And I think he's like a Tom Thibodaux 2008 type. I know Exactly what you're gonna say. Who am I gonna say? Give her a little taste? No, Fergus from the town. The flower Shop. Yeah. No, I'm The ban of that movie. Yeah. I'm taking a Merriman from, from De Thieves. Good planner. Takes his work seriously. Family Guy. Donny planned that heist. Fa Merriman family guy.


Yeah, but Donny planned that we Got family here, bro. Benihana just trying to enjoy a nice silent dinner with his family. So I got Merriman. So that gives me, I have all my assistants. I do not, I'm not hiring my head coach yet. I still need a guard And I still need a six man. And Teen Wolf is still on the board. And you know what? Not longer. So I'm taking Teen Wolf. I'm gonna have Scott Howard and Teen Wolf. I get them both. And we'll just decide game to game. If he's gonna be the human or the teen wolf. Smart. Smart. And maybe even during the game, he'll turn into the Teen Wolf. But I think it'd be really hard to prepare for.


You go in The game, you're like, is he gonna do the Wolf thing today or is it just Gonna be Oh, he's just a five foot, four point guard. I can't triple today, but with the other team's gonna be in their toes. So I'm taking Team Wolf. Chris, you're up again. Alright, So I need a six man and an assistant coach. Yep. And can we do that breaking the, the, that would Be the Edward. That would be funny for the social video they make where people are like, what the fuck happened in Austin? Can We can do the like NBA player playing themselves. Just one pick.


Do it All right. LeBron from Train Wreck. Yeah. Plays basketball. Why Boo? You guys really want me to take Norton? They want to. Sorry For just trying to put together a diverse locker room. Austin, You, You just entered a world of shit. Every, every December he is gonna be talking about how it needs more help. Yeah. Wait till like, I don't know if Shep from above the rim is enough and forward. Gotta get A better score. Wait till Krista from the town talks To him for five minutes. Hey LeBron. He's some Percocet.


All right. Fantasy. You're up. And you need a, I need two assistance. And do you need a center? I I have you with three spots left. What about Wacho? Hernan Gomez? I Have him at, You can have Him at, I have him at forward. Do you have a center? Ricky Rowe is at four. He's, I have you as Acho. Here's what I have for your team. Jesus shuttles. Where Bo Cruise? Uncle Drew, Sidney Dream, Sidney Dean, Ricky Rowe and Sandy Lyle as your six players. And Juan over and go. Yeah, That's, that's Bo Cruz. That's six guys. Yeah, But you got, you can have a seventh. Okay, So I need one more player and two assistant coaches. Yes. Okay, I'll come back to the player. 'cause I have a good idea for that one.


I'm not drafting Kazam you dork. I One of my assistants. I need like a live wire. I need a real mouthy guy. You don't totally know what he's gonna do. Gro I'm going with Danny Sharp as portrayed by Jake Gyllenhaal in ambulance. Ooh. That's a deep pull. Good Ambulance. Which might be the best movie of the decade. And featuring a, an incredible performance by Jill and Hall. And you know, sometimes you, there's a guy who, who's behind the guy who you're like, that guy's gonna get fired tonight. 'cause he keeps yelling at the best player. Yeah, that's Danny shown from my team.


Coke Out wearing a turtleneck Shit. You like ambulance? I do like ambulance. Yeah. It just hasn't gotten me yet, but I know it will. It'll get you. It's just one of those things. I know it's gonna happen at some point. It just hasn't happened yet. Let us Know. Yeah, Yeah. I'll let you know. I'll keep you, I'll keep you all posted. Shaa. You got two. All Right, I Need, so here's what, here's Shay's team. Oh, tell him. Tell him. Bedazzled. Brendan Frazier. Snakeskin Wood Harris. What was his character? Mta? Yeah. I don't know. I just, he used used Wood Harris all the time. Monica McCall, Android guy. What movie was that? Well, oh, Prometheus. Yeah. Air Bud Spaceman Coach, fin Stock Coaching.


And Dalton Russell is the owner. So you need two assistants and a gm. Alright, For my gm, I need somebody who's gonna outsmart everybody. And because of that, I'm gonna pick this person who she pulls off the coolest move in any heist movie that's ever been done. It's a small thing. It's, and set it off. They break in to Rob the bank. They're doing the, you know, everybody put your hands down or whatever. They all get all the, the customers get down on the floor and then the undercover cop starts to pull his gun out. And then there's TT was hiding with it. She was pretending like she was a customer 'cause she knew somebody was gonna do that. She outsmarted them all. That's who I want running my team. Gimme TT from set it off. She's a fucking genius.


T gm TT is her gm. Yeah, she's my gm. And then for my assistant coach, I think Chris was right. You, you picked the wrong person from Den of Thieves. Gimme Donnie, gimme the Mastermind. That's who I want. I need a guy just like the gm. I mean the assistant should be the guy who leans over and is like, you should try this. And then like head coach tries it and it works out. It's Like the guy who came up with like starting Draymond or whatever. Yeah, Yeah. Like a Yeah or iada. Like the, like the triangle with Phil Jackson. Did you just tell me that Ray Merriman was a bad pick? Yeah. Did I hear you say those words? It's a great movie. That's a bad pick to, to run your team. It's an assistant. He's just there for the Defense Fantasy.


What do you got? Well, I need another player and it would not be a ringer related movie draft without Tom Cruise. So I'm going with Brian Flanagan from Cocktail. Wow. It's a great pick. He Gets buckets. Obviously he's not guarded in that film. He is taking wide open free throws. Barely making them barely Looks like he's ever held a basketball before they shot that sequence. And yet he looks amazing. So I'm going with Flay $10 a shot, right? That's Right. Well where are you putting him? Because you can't put him at Forward. 'cause Tom Cruise is five foot eight. Is he, Is he guard?


See he's your sixth man. He's my sixth man. Yeah. All right. That's a good pick. Thanks. I learned, I learned by watching you dad See Cocktail's a good example. They didn't make a cocktail two and thank God because Cocktail one didn't need a sequel and they would've fucked it up and it would've been like him owning the bar. And then we would've had the memory of cocktail Too. They would just put the, they would've called it cocktails with something. Yeah. Who should have played the hot young bartender though that he, you know, brings under his wing that he groomed? Yeah. Cr Cr done. Cr You need an assistant and a gm. All Right. For my assistant, I'm gonna go shooter from Hoosiers to Hopper.


I kind of like the amount of substance abuse happening on my team. Yes. Either These guys are gonna keep each other on the straight narrow or we're gonna turn into train spotting. How do you feel about the coaches meeting with Birdie from above the rim? Rusty Promotions 11 and Drunk Shooter. I think that that game playing into that, I Would love to be a part of that dinner out. You know what I mean? That's Chris, this culture. Yeah. Whats she's building? Definitely. All right, so I have two picks left And I need a coach And I not taking Norman Dale because I've written about this, but if you watch Hoosiers, he is like secretly terrible. Mm. I don't know what he was doing. Like doesn't almost doesn't design the last play of the game for Jimmy Chi Chitwood.


Yeah, he abandoned him. Jimmy Chitwood was 20 for 21 in the game. He's like, all right, we're gonna do this instead. Not doing him. Pete Bell. Yeah, I looked at for a while, but you know, he had a point shaving scandal on his team. I can't have that in my locker room, so I gotta go with my guy Gabe Kaplan in Fast Break. You could see when I do the podcast, you see the Fast Break poster behind. I love Gabe Kaplan. He was in Fast Break and welcome back Cauter at the same time, which has still never been approached in Hollywood history. Sean, can you think of a twofer like that? I can't. It's like when Spielberg made Schindler's in Jurassic Park the same year.


Yeah, I mean you said it. I didn't No, I was gonna say Dune part two. A complete unknown but you got me. Gabe Kaplan gets the job, he's gotta go to Las Vegas and he just cheats and gets all these people who should be in college. He, he does all these crazy things and he's my coach. I still need a six man though. And it's not gonna be Ed Norton in American History X. Sorry to disappoint you guys. You know man, there's some good ones left. Kyle Watson and Above the Rim I'm gonna go with. Yeah, that's a good one. You know. Yeah.


Great value late in the thing. It was a little me first for the first what hour of the movie? Little little like La Melo on Charlotte just getting his stats as the team Loses And then slowly figured it out and became a team guy. Yeah. Set up Shep rode Shep in the final game, like Shruder's Arc, right. Where we were like, oh, a little two ballers won't be me. And now he is a good teammate. Yeah. So he is my sixth man. What do you got for your last pick Chris? It's just one last six man or bench guy here for me. Yeah, you No, you need a a gm. Oh And I took Neil McCauley off the fucking board.


I will be, can't have him. This is the easiest one. I'll take Kelso from Heat. The guy who plans the whole robbery. The guy was just like, it's just out there. You just gotta go grab it. So yeah, That's easy Because he invented the internet. Yeah. Okay. Sean, last pick. You need an assistant coach? Yeah. Easy one. I'm taking Bodhi from point break. Is There a basketball in Bodhi in Point Break? No, it's a heist movie bro. Oh, Okay. Yeah. You are super spun around tonight. Chris, That's Chris's first draft. Everybody Bodie rules, you know, does he live to tell the tale of his own success?


I maybe not, but that's not really what we're thinking about when we've also got Danny Sharp from ambulance coaching our team and Jack Cunningham who obviously has a long history of substance abuse. So we're just, this is one last season for us. We're just trying to go out in a blaze of glory and I'm really excited about it. It's not a long-term project, not trying to build anything here. Joe Cabot, we saw what happened to the last team he had. They all shot each other. So this could be complicated. Shea, you have the last pick and it's an assistant coach and then I'm gonna read everyone on the teams and the crowd can decide. All right, well you know what, I'm a sucker for a magic trick. I want a guy around who could do magic. Gimme Jesse Eisenberg's character Jay Daniel Atlas from Now You see me high pressure situation wearing the playoffs and he is like, Hey, check this out.


Parda some sleigh of Hand Magic in the finals. What movie was that? Now you see me? I don't like the face that you made when I, when I said that. It's a good movie. Yeah, A lot to watch today Bill. Now you see me Ambulance. You know, Now you see me. Was a movie that came out in the theater. Yeah. Yeah. It made like $300 million. It's A good movie. Is that not on the list for you? Now you see me. So people who didn't get taken Junior from Coach Carter did not get taken. The guy from the year up there did not get taken Sala Flatch from Hoosiers who all he did was go through a trophy case, put a bandage on it and keep going, trying to rebound.


He didn't go. We mentioned American History. X guy. Yeah. Louis Scott from Celtic Pride. But you forbid it. Nobody jumped on that. Yeah. He, You forbid that Buddy from Hoosiers who quit the team, came back and really like became a lockdown defender. Like shades of Dyson Daniels on the Hawks this year. Nobody took the like Mike Guy. Yeah, Calvin, Cambridge, Calvin. Nobody took Andre three thousand's character from semi-pro Clarence Withers. Yeah. Chris took Jackie Moon. I thought nobody took the kid from finding Forrester.


Yeah, Jamal Wallace liked his game. How about Odin James from O, was he on anyone's board? No, he terrible. That's what Lakay Pfeiffer. Yeah. Yeah. Just as Billy Shakespeare imagined it. High school basketball player. This Is a rough podcast for Eddie because there were no Eddie Picks, including Stacey Patton played by Malik Sealey. Would you have included Kevin Garnet from Uncut Gems as eligible? No, let's go. Yeah, that could have been. That could have been a good pick. Nobody took Quincy McCall. You took his wife Quin then Quincy was a bust strap from Hoosiers and Chubby from Teen Wolf were the big bench guys that I think were pretty shocked by.


And then nobody took Gem. I guess nobody wanted Gem in the locker room. All right, go ahead. So here are the teams and you guys can decide who won. Chris Ryan Neon Boudou LeBron from train, train, wreck Shep from above the rim. Jimmy Chitwood, Billy Hoyle. Jim Carroll from the basketball diaries, Jackie Moon and a coaching staff of Birdie, rusty and shooter with Kelso as the GM and Chrisa from the town as the owner. So that's Chris's team Fantasy has boat crews at center, a little undersized.


Jesus Shuttlesworth, Ricky Rowe, uncle Drew, Sidney Dean. I miss, I wrote somebody down twice, Of course. Brian Flanagan from Brian Flanagan And Sandy Lyle And Sandy Lyle from Along. Cape Poly not the strongest bench in the league, but Weak bench. People are looking. Yeah, people wanna get your guys of foul trouble and see if Brian Flanagan or Sandy ly come. That's very Tips of you. We, yeah, we don't Second apron. Jesus Shuttleworth contract. It's an issue. Show Jack from the way back as your coach. Yep. Danny Sharp Bodie is your assistant Tom from Triple Frontier. So glad I got an ovation from the crowd. Two Apple and then Joe Ctt is your owner. And then my team Little undersized with number 45 from Team Wolf at center.


But the guy's a fighter man. I just believe in him. Moses Guthrie and Hustler two real NBA players. Butch McCrae, A guard with Teen Wolf. That back court's amazing. I think FanDuel just made me the favorite. Kyle Watson coming off the bench with Fletch with an Afro. Gabe, Kaplan Merriman and Michael Choto as my coaching staff. Neil McCall is the GM and Danny Ocean as the owner. And then here's Shea. Alright, so I didn't read the team Bedazzled. Brendan Frazier, stink. Polskin Wood Harris Monte McCall, Android Air Bud Spaceman, coach Binstock.


Donnie Eisenberg TT from set it off and Dalton Russell. Yeah. Baby it. Yeah baby. Is that our winner? Yeah, I Think we know One. I'm like, I'm like fucking RC Bufort up here baby. Yeah, This feels like a hometown verdict. We never had a chance. Yeah, he already said he was. He was gonna fight all you if he stole the Spurse from San Antonio. Now you're, now you're rooting for his team. All right. What was the most surprising pick for you, Sierra? Like probably the Android from Prometheus getting picked before I got to it.


That's gonna wrap it up for us. Sierra, what are you working on? You still podcasting? Just Cranking out different stuff. Yeah, still doing. Doing the The, Yeah. Oh the wa. Yeah, the wash. Okay. Yeah, We're actually, I'm really excited. It's, you know, bill, we've been working on an eight part narrative podcast series called Pod Slut, the rise of Chris Ryan and it's about all the pods. Yeah, he does over the course of one Week. It's like a follow doc. How many Ringer pods have you been on? Like over 20? 'cause we have like 40 if you think you've been on half of them at this point. But this is the part of the behind the music where I'm like, I can do anything. But then Bill's like we knew right then the Christmas Overextended mountains Of Coke everywhere. It's like, no, Put me On more pods.


Sean Ness. You got the Oscars Coming up? Yes Sir. You excited? Scale of one to 10. No, It's, no, it's been going on for six months. I needed it to end so I can go to the next thing. Okay. But it's okay. Ringing endorsement for the pod there. Thank you for listening. What do you got to plug Sheyy? I'm still co-hosting the big picture on the rain. No, I'm doing, I'm doing the basketball podcast six trophies with our beloved Jason conception every Wednesday. Still going Jason. And there might be a book coming out at some point. Maybe. I hope. I hope somebody will gimme some money to write a book And I don't know.


What are you doing Bill? What You got cooking? What am I doing? I'm just getting ready for the playoffs, baby. Yeah, we got the Celtics thing on HBO Celtics City March 3rd. So no, don't boo. It's, It's a great achievement. It's an NBA doc as much as Celtics doc. I really think you guys would like it. So we got that coming. We got some good music box stuff coming as well. And a bunch of You back on the Red Sox Pregnant bunch of great. You excited EH and USA Canada the most important sporting event of our lifetime tomorrow. Hey, thank you all for coming out. Thank you for the freezing cold weather and the pneumonia and we love seeing you guys. Thank you.


All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Chris and Sean and Shay. Thanks to Kyle and Sie and Geha. As always, don't forget you can watch this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can also watch it on Spotify. Hopefully you're watching on Spotify right now. And I'll see you on Sunday with Ella.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts, or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text Hope NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn In basketball, a blockbuster trade can make or break your playoff run before the deadline. GMs across the league scour for the right data and insights, hope in their moves. Pay off February 6th trade deadline this year. By the way, just like in basketball, growing your small business in 2025 all comes down to how well you can build your team. That starts with better insights from LinkedIn with unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn has the strongest hiring data and insights to help you identify the right professionals so you can make the best hiring decisions. LinkedIn pairs you with the high quality candidates you need to make your business grow and flourish. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities who isn't? That's a big pool of people you don't wanna miss out on. And who knows, one of them could be your next all Star player. So hire smarter in the new year. Find your next grade. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Once again, LinkedIn dot com slash Simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.