
What's happening? It's Todd McShay and I'm back with a new home and a new show at The Ringer and Spotify, the McShay Show. It's a video and audio podcast coming to you year round with all my NFL draft information, big boards, mock drafts, and player movement. Plus, I'll be chatting with some of my best friends in football, including some of your favorite football analysts. During the week, we'll have episodes on Tuesdays and Thursdays. That'll include discussions about my player rankings, who's rising, who's falling, and who your NFL team should be keeping an eye on. Plus, we'll be reacting each week to the college football playoff polls and giving you previews and picks for each Saturday slate. In addition, I'll have episodes on Saturday nights with my immediate reaction to the full day in college football every week.


So if you love the college game, the NFL, the draft, or all of it like me, make sure to like, follow, subscribe, and get ready for the McShay Show on The Ringer, Spotify, and wherever you watch or listen to podcasts, The Bill Simmons.


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to help squeeze the most outta traveling, especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours, like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve, you'll get an assigned driver. You get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by old El Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With old El Paso, feeding your hungry crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy standin stuff. Shells bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed, and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with Old El Paso. Level up your next tailgate or watch party. Shop Game Day essentials@oldelpaso.com


Podcast is presented by The Ringer Podcast Network, where I have a new re watchable coming for you. On Monday night, we did a Mark Wahlberg movie. It's now 10 years old, it's time to Do It. The Gambler, a movie that has sucked Chris Ryan and I in, and we had to talk about it. And it's interesting week to do that since I did not Dowell all my pics this week. But you can check that out on Monday night, on Spotify, wherever you get your podcast. On the Ringer Movies YouTube channel, you can follow all the videos and quis from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. And you can catch up with us live when we do these Sunday night ones, which we also put on Spotify as video. Yeah, a lot of video stuff going on for us right now, but Cousin Sal is gonna join in a second.


We're gonna talk about a Rollicking Sunday. Just a bizarre set of early games, then some late games that seemed promising and then were disappointing, but weirdly, weirdly interesting for the season and a whole bunch of other stuff, including Parent Corner. It's all next. First. Our friends from Pearl Jam. All right, we are live.


It is almost eight 30 Pacific Time, Sal, this is the first time I have ever done a live podcast right after losing of 13 point tees because Oh yeah. 'cause the Packers decided to just throw it late for a touchdown and then the Seahawks just decided to hand the ball off the last three minutes. This is why you don't do 13 point teases now. This is what I learned today. They're super dumb. I don't know how I kept winning them. Well, yeah, because you, you're well, there are four teams, right? Yeah. And you kind of have to win like all 12 games before you lose a game, right? To make money. I don dunno. It, it's, it's tough. Pretty dumb that that game sucked. That the whole day sucked. I was so disappointed. It was like nine hours of Tyson versus Paul.


Like this was supposed to be a great day and it's still football, so it's great. But not one game was solidly compelling from start to finish. I'm so disappointed. I didn't even lose that much money. Well, I lost my, this was my first like semi as kicking in a long time where I've been, it's not bad. Then for four games I really liked and I was just dead wrong on three of them. I disagree though, because I thought the early games were so incompetent and awful. Oh, okay. And poorly played and there were so many bad QBs and so much weird shit. I actually kind of enjoyed it. Yeah. I, I guess we should have known every TV something stupid was happening. And there was some of the worst quarterback play.


I mean, who do we have in the, in the early ones we had Mac Jones, Levi, he got benched. Yep. Jamis, he got Benched. Hanner got Benched. Rattler, DeVito Boyle, Bryce Young should have been Benched. Cooper Rush and Zombie Rogers all played, we're all playing on different TVs. All, all. Again, we had three benching didn't you didn't even mention the worst one. It's who? It's two, it's Tua. I mean, really, it's the worst. Yeah. I don, I don know when in the, on, in the order you want to get to that game, but do you wanna do that now? I had this for later. Let's do the Bad QB Draft out the week 15 Bad QB Draft of everyone we saw today. And I have a 12 person list.


Wow. Okay. Who's your, who was your worst one today? I'm GI know stats wise, he wasn't the worst, but, and I might just be saying this because he screwed my fantasy season. I would've, I I switched him out for Bo Nicks at the last minute. But Tua is number one. And in terms of like, who I wouldn't want on my team, and I'm sorry, I know Dolphins fans are gonna get mad at me and us, but the way he contort his bo I mean, there's three Things he does that are horrible. His, his, his body language is such that he, and you know, he turns his body, which allows the d backs to jump the route. Yeah. No other quarterback really does it like this. And then he puts, you know, I'm glad this guy's in stable condition that they, you know, they had to rip the jersey off and everything, but this is go what's gonna happen with Tua Also, he's obviously injury prone also, he can't win in cold weather playing in the A FC East.


I'm sure he is a nice guy. I'll keep sending him Christmas cards. I'll never stop. But he is the worst. He really is the worst. Well, he's the worst in the sense that he tantalizes you with the potential of something that seems pretty awesome. That too. Yeah. And then just pulls the rug out from underneath you Today he had three picks and threw a pass that led his teammate right into an oncoming train basically. And the game got stopped for 20 minutes. I, I've been on this bandwagon the whole time and he, and he is been a divisive guy since college. And the Dolphins fans are really protective of him. But to me it, everything has to be perfect. Yeah. And every play and situation and the teammates and he's gotta throw the ball within two seconds and it's gotta be a quick slant.


And every once in a while a receiver's just gonna get crushed over the middle. And then every once he's just gonna throw the ball, the other team and the weather has to be good. And in a dome he is great. And it's all these excuses. It's like if you hired like a personal chef who is a pizza chef. Yeah. And you were like, but I, you know, I don't want eat pizza seven days a week. And the guy's like, okay. And then like day five, it's like, Hey, I made a pizza again. It's like, I, yeah, like what about chicken? Anything? Like, could you do, can you make a soup? Like no, no. I actually whipped up this really good meatball pizza and at some point he's just serving pizza. And that's Tua. He's just, I like that he's, he's serving pizza day after day after day in these games. I just think he's a 500 or worst quarterback. Can I simplify it a little bit?


I, yeah. With another food analogy, he's the Krispy Kreme. He is the crispy cream. He gets creamed. He's the creamed and crispy, but the crispy cream has to be perfect. But whenever you have a new crispy cream, they're like, oh no, you got, you have to have it right when it's out of the oven. It's gotta be 80 degrees and it's gotta be outdoors and the receivers have to be healthy And it just gotta get rid of the ball in three seconds. But if you have a three day old crispy cream, or one day old, or that night, forget it. It's, we're talking about, Well, Shane would say one day old Krispy Kreme is one of the most delicious desserts. That's Oh, he puts bacon. Oh, he bakes it in A pan with the ice cream. Say he put, he pans it Pan razza. He's a magician. That's not fair. Yeah. Yeah. There's this place in LA I don't wanna name, but it's a donut place. And you walk in and you, when you go in to buy donuts, you're like, oh, I'll just, can I get a half dozen donuts?


You think? Yeah. Do you make the donuts individually? It's like a weird ffi la thing. I know what you're talking about. Where, where it's like, no, no, we tell us what donut you made and then we're gonna make it right and it's gonna be like fresh for you. And then you're in the donut shop for 10 minutes and by the time the donut comes out, it's like, I could have already put down like two sprinkled donuts by the time I was waiting for this donut. Right. Maybe that's Tua, it's called, I don know. It's called Tuas. It's Tuas of valet. I Just want the Dolphin fans to admit deep down they know like, stop defending this. Just stop. Like, I I, I was big on Mac Jones for that first year when he was a rookie and he made the playoffs and he played in the Pro Bowl. And I was like, this guy's a game manager, he can do it.


And he just got worse and worse. And eventually you just have to give up and say, You know what? I was wrong. Mac Jones is not a starting qb. Which I then thought again today as I watched him today. Mac Jones not really a starting QB two is not somebody that's gonna win three playoff games in a row ever at any point in his career. There's no situation where that's gonna happen. No. I I even thought, well, maybe, first of all, it was 78 degrees in Houston. I, I don dunno why I thought They It's do, it was, it was 78 degrees. It, like, it's in the like a cowboys type dome where you could still feel the outside and see the sky, but whatever. So he's my number one. I know that's dumb to take him over somewhere Ago. No, I like it. No, this is the pa it's a passionate trap. Yeah. My my daughter's boyfriend, huge dolphin fan when we text all the time about too, he vacillates between defending Tua but then also getting mad when he has games like he had today.


Yeah. It's my Number one brother. Yeah, I know. Yeah. My number one is, is this er person that played for the Saints today who lasted about, I don't know, a half. And then they were like, You know what, maybe Spencer Rattler is better than you. Like, I don't know what, how bad Spencer Rattler is that he lost the competition to er, but Haer was in there for a brief, I don dunno what an hour and a half against Washington. Too long. Nothing. Yeah. Nothing was happening. And we, we knew a bunch of people that had washed it and teases And it just seemed like you were in safe hands with Hanner. Right. Then Rattler comes in and it's worse for Hanner 'cause it's like, oh no, rattler In.


Oh. So I would have er I feel like it's another insurance ad that we'd be pounded with. You're in safe hands with Hanner and then there he is throwing like Yeah, he had the head shots that got him the job and then, and then Rattler came in. Yeah. We could talk about the end of that game later. That was Insane. Oh my God. Well it's so funny, like first year at Grant Lane we did the Bad QB Draft. We created this whole scoring system. Jacoby wrote a piece about it every week. He did all the scoring and the premise was like, there's just so many, this is the glory days of bad QBs. But you would think at some point it would get better And it just hasn't, you know, like three point shooting got better in basketball and in baseball, like pitchers throw faster and you know, there's more strikeouts like things change.


And for whatever reason quarterback play has not changed in football. It's a few reasons Jacobi would get carpal tunnel syndrome trying to write that article in 2020. Oh My God. It would just, alright, so Painter, who's your, who's your next pick? Alright, Well I, you know, these are gonna be personal 'cause I stupidly had Tennessee as my upset. Don't, come on, don't laugh at that. That's not nice. We, I'm just laughing because I knew who you were gonna take. I mean, I don why do I do it though? I mean, at least you hadn't seen Haer. Right? You at least there could have been a surprise in there. How much, how much data do I have to see on Will Levis before I stop betting on him or betting on that team? And I just, I I now think of it now as like these teams, like Cincinnati, if they wanna look good, play a lit Will Levis, like if I wanna look good Yeah.


In a family photo, I'll stand next to my fattest relative. Right. This is what the Bengals did. They, they, they found the fattest relative as as Will Levis. Yeah. 10 turnovers in that game. Not all Will Levis. Although it seemed like it. He is disgusting. He is gross. He is number two for me. Well, did you see Titan's Bengals today was the first game with 10 turnovers in 20 plus penalties since 2006. Wow. 18 years since we've had that kind of incompetence. Yeah. And You could Feel it if you had multiple TVs and that was one of the games you could feel the incompetence. Oh yeah. So he had three interceptions in a pick. Six As as one of the three, which maybe we call the Levi from now on.


He would add more. They they, they took him out. They shouldn't have taken him out. They should have, they should have punished him further for That. Yeah. They should have explained to Brian Callahan the, the full alone and how important that is. Right. What was that? Five five picks including a pick Six was the full Yeah. Go for the record. He's he's bad. But that's one of those things where we knew he was bad last Year. I know. My fault. My fault. Stupid. No, But I'm saying the Titans, they get rid of Rabel. They're bringing in this new coach. The GM wins this power struggle because Will Levis is his guy, new coach and now they need a qb. Congrats. Can I have Boyle and DeVito as a combo for my next pick? Sure. A dual entry. Sure. Yeah. Yeah. You could have them. I couldn't at one point they changed QBs and I just couldn't tell the difference on my 'cause I had, they were on a TV that had no sound.


I had no idea that DeVito even left to the concussion. Impossible to say. DeVito does this after every play. It doesn't pick. That's how you know the difference. Yeah. Alright. Who's your next one? All right. You have a dual entry there? Nope. That Those kind of one Yeah, that's fine. That's fine. Some good ones left. I'm gonna, You know what I I I know there's some like lesser experience guys. I I should probably go with Mac Jones just like when I see I had Him on my board. Of course. How can he not? And you know, I guess you, when you have coach middle seat, like everything's gonna look bad anyway. But Mac Jones still making rookie mistakes and I think we saw the same play they were driving. It was like third and No, it was like second and goal from the sixth.


Right. Right, right, right. And he rolled right. And he had time. He had like everybody beat. He wasn't gonna make it to the end zone, but he did not have to step out of bounds and he sure as held did. He could have flung it into the third row. Yeah. And it would've been fine. And it's like, oh man, I have money on that guy too. This is awful. What we, why are they even playing the early games? Yeah. Little I always bet against the Jets, but anytime. No, you told how bad it was. 'cause he was rolling out and he, he was four yards span the line of scrimmage. Right. And the guys were coming And it was gonna do the Zach Wilson where he's gonna Chuck Bounce and instead he did like the stutter step out of bounds. And then it seemed like he talked shit to one of the defensive linemen. Right. And it was just like you lost four yards for literally no reason.


Yeah. There was no reason to lose four yards in that play that any of us could think of. But it's funny, like having watched him as he, I I swear he was really solid as a rookie. I really does Does That scare you a little bit? 'cause you, you praised your guy Drake Bay And everything was No, he amazing. It's not even, it's like comparing a Ferrari to like a, a Cherokee Now. Sure it is now. No, but why, what do Was always like an awesome SUV that you could go cross country with and the stair was gonna work and you know, we always knew what he was, but it was like, can you be this awesome game manager and just kind of not make mistakes and be smart. But the stuff that he was doing today, it was all stuff he did the last two and a half years for the Pats.


Yeah. Just the inexplicable sealing it over somebody's head. The terrible red zone stuff. The just missing a wide open guy. The scramble out of bounds for no reason. Like it's just Yeah. It's who he is. Yep. Never got It's de gonna change. Yep. And then the other thing I don't miss is the, either he throws the pick or a terrible pass and they see the defense is celebrating and then you just know you're gonna get them cut to Mac Jones just kind of stomping off like Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. You know, and I was just like, I was getting PTSD watching it. That's how he was drafted. The same stomp. He doesn't change the stomp, he stomps down the, the wild. Yeah. All right. So that's mine. That's my, I do think like they, some quarterbacks like Wence was really good for Philly and now and then all of a sudden wasn't good.


Right. Like Jamis was always up and down. He never had a moment where he seemed awesome. But our guy Josh Freeman was awesome for like years. Oh Yeah. He Mac was never awesome, but it seemed like he was gonna have at least a 10 year career and be Andy Dalton, you know? Yeah. How, How does certain guys figure it out and certain guys don't. It's, it's just weird. And you wonder if they're practicing at all during the week. But go ahead. That's, well I had Mac, Mac was on my board, but my next guy is Richardson on the Colts. Hmm. Who cannot complete 50% of his passes, which in the NFL in 2024 when you're, they not allowed to hit the quarterback, you're not allowed to hit receivers over the middle.


You just have all these advantages all over the place to not even be able to complete half your passes. It's a real obstacle for them. And sometimes they can overcome it, especially in close games. Like they came back and beat the Pats, but against the, the Broncos, it was so bad it led to the worst play of the year. Yeah. I like if there was a worst play every year. Like the ESPYs like the, the worst play of the, what was that year when Jacoby Myers lateral backwards And it got I like that. Yeah. Intercepted by the Raiders and scored like, we were like, oh my god, I can't believe there was a pick six on a double pass. Yeah. That swung the Colt Broncos game. And this is a game where Jonathan Taylor dropped the ball before he ran into the end zone to celebrate.


And somehow that wasn't the worst play of the game because this was worse. They Yes, he was at one point he was eight for 22 with like a few dozen yards passing Right. In a close game where you needed him to convert a third down. Yeah. He wasn't doing it. And you're exactly right. They, and Steichen has to take shit for this. But the double pass reverse thing was a better option even though there was probably a 30% chance that it was a pick six or a fumble, whatever the hell that was called, whatever they ended Up there. Have you seen that play before? Like in your life? Not life. No. Not like I've, that I think someone was probably supposed to be blocking that guy, but still that was their best option. It's really bad. And it made me sad 'cause Lombardi who took this UNC job for Belichick.


Yeah. And this is the kind of shit that he used to love And it definitely would've been a big podcast thing for him. But now we're gonna have to carry the slate that I know Shane Steichen has to call a double pass that gets picked off for a pick six because this quarterback can't complete an eight yard pass. It's, I don know what you do. It's looking like a really bad draft pick at this point. I I, I feel horrible for the guy, but yeah, I that was Tough today. He was 17 for 38. Yeah. And he made a comeback, like I said, it was like, it was eight for 22 at some point. Yeah. So That goal line thing, because you brought it up, what, what the hell's going on? Well that epidemic, it happened twice today where the guys are dropping balls like a quarter of a yard before the, the goal line.


Like, I don't know what the f what goes on. I had this coming up later, but I'm happy to discuss this now because I do people black out when they're about to score. It's the only thing I can think of is it like having an orgasm where you just kind of lose perspective but you ah, and you just like lose the ball? Do again, What other explanation could there ah, what other explanation could there be? Right. Do you literally like black out Yeah. If there was a big end zone like these some Professional athletes Right in front of you before you had the orgasm. Yeah. So it would be the same thing, but you should be able to figure out where not to drop. Like this doesn't happen in other sports. Like Juan Soto's not rounding third and then when he is between third and home takes off of the dugout.


Right. I didn't mentioned Juan Soto because he's the greatest player of all time, but I Yeah, I maybe You'll get invited in his 22 person suite. Oh, That'd be Coens. Yeah. That's all up. That was a suite. Yeah. Yeah. Just cross the go line with the ball. Come on. But the thing is that it's not like this happens once every seven years. No. This happens like four times a year in college, in pro football. Yeah. And it feels like it happens once a month. Right. These guys, and I'm sure Jonathan Taylor was pointing and laughing at Deshaun Jackson or whoever the hell did it in college or anything. Right? Yeah. And then they ended up doing it themselves. Because the other thing that always drives us crazy is when the guy reaches to try to score near the goal line. Right. And the ball gets batted out or he fumbles it, you know, through the end zone.


That's more understandable. 'cause it's like of the guy's doing everything he can to try to score this is just, it's a fledged blackout. Yeah. All right. So I had Richardson, so you're up. There's some good ones left still. Oh, I'm up. Okay. All right. Let's see. I can, I, I have choice. I could read you who slept on the board. Well, let me just go with Jamis. Yeah. I love him though too. Damn. I really do love him. But I, I need to see there, there's not the excitement. We're not getting to the top of the rollercoaster anymore. We just keep falling. You know what I mean? It's been really Bad for two weeks now. Yeah, Yeah. It's not, it's not that good. And you know, I, he got sacked a bunch and threw four interceptions, but, and of course I had the Browns plus four and a half or five.


But Yeah, he's, you can't depend on him at all. Yeah. Jamus is like, he's like s'mores. It's amazing to have s'mores once in a while. They're the greatest thing ever. But if you ate it every night, you just get diabetes and eventually die. Hmm. Jamis is super fun to toast Jameis and marshmallows. So let's get a fire. Oh, put it in the, but that's, We should have had House for this a dessert version of ranking the bad quarterbacks. Krispy Kreme donuts, s'mores. That's true. Who gets the Mike and Ikes? I don know. I I guarantee Shanks having a great time listening to this jam is has 13 touchdowns in 12 picks this season. Yeah. Which I mentioned because he didn't play for the first half of the season. He's 30, 30, 36 games.


Right. He's got, he's 30, 30 Again to get to 30. 30. Yeah. Well there's still some good guys left. I I'm gonna go Rattler just because the fact that his coach decided at some point this week. Yeah, let's try Hanner just that to me that's like, that's gotta be on Rattler resume. Who's actually pretty good in the, in the comeback today against Washington. But Right. I'll go Rattler. All right. You take in with three left. Who you got? Gimme, gimme a choice. Let me, We have Bryce Youngs left. We have can, can go with Hal Rushes back. We just saw Hal. I say I can't, I can't stand Sam, Mike. I gotta, I gotta get outta here and go Christmas shopping.


I gotta go Jack, get Jack or Ard. I can't watch this idiot. I Actually forgot how Sam Howell's unique trait of just standing in the has solely collapsed on him like a building. Right. Hey. And j he did it four times the game. Like he never veers out. He was like, ah, Statuesque really good. I'll put him on the list. Because he, that was maybe a, a game they could have played back into teaser territory, but not because, not while he was in. For sure. I have, I'll take Bryce Young next just because he looked good at the start of the game for like, I don't know, one pass. And I wrote down 'cause Stroud was already like, kind of struggling in the Houston game.


And I wrote down, we gotta talk about could Stroud versus Bryce being argument again. And then Bryce press it off, proceeded at four. Yeah, I might have said that on a podcast. Yeah, that was, yeah. It's your team. Not exactly the 85 Bears. I, I'll tell you, I was a little depressed even though I'm out on my team. When we did guest the lines, it was like one and a half, then it went to two and I'm like, this team hasn't been favored in 34 games. Yeah. And now my crap ass cowboys team catches the two and a half points. But they, they stood up, man, I think they got pissed off by that. I really do. Mm. That was their best complete game since I look back since I think the first time they beat the bills in the Super Bowl.


52 17. This was the after that, the best game they played. All right. So I guess I have to take Cooper Rush and then you could have the last, you could have the last pick and take Wash Rogers if you want. Yeah, I'll take him. Although, like I said, this is the, the Fat Family member to stand next to you. Play the, you play a team bad enough and you're gonna look good. So


This episode is brought to you by BetterHelp. It's nice to see all the different family traditions people do this time of year. You know, it's become one of my new favorite traditions. My daughter come home, comes home from college. We haven't seen her in, in, in LA where I live since the beginning of August. So when she comes home, she, it feels like the conquering hero's back. I love it. However you plan to spend your time during the holiday season, I hope you guys are happy, but also you should be feeling that way all year round. So make sure you bring yourself some comfort that'll never go away and try Therapy. Therapy teaches us so many different skills and coping techniques, like positive coping skills, how to relax. And it can help everyone, not just people who have experienced a major trauma. If you wanna try it out for yourself, check out BetterHelp. It's an easy, convenient way to get started. Especially since everything is online. All you have to do is fill out a short questionnaire and then you'll be matched with a licensed therapist. It's that easy. Find comfort this December with BetterHelp. Visit BetterHelp dot com slash Bill Simmons today to get 10% off your first month. That's BetterHelp hlp.com/ Bill Simmons.


This episode is brought to you by NFL Sunday. Ticket on YouTube TV. YouTube TV. There's a lot to be thankful for this season. For one, I'm thankful you can get NFL Sunday ticket on YouTube TV right now for only $209. That's exactly what you need. As we head right into the playoffs, you can invite your friends over. Maybe you have a multi, you could have four different games. One for you, one each for the three other friends you invite. You can, you can change the games around. As soon as a game, the outcome becomes pretty certain. Dump that game. But in another one, I've become the multi-view master. The moment the the one of the games is losing steam, I'm ready to move right in and move it for another one. Build your own multi-view. One of my favorite words, thank yourself this holiday season. Get NL Sunday ticket for the rest of the l regular season for just $209. Sign up now at youtube.com/bs. Terms and embargoes apply. Device and content restrictions apply. No cancellations.


Watch Rogers is always There. That Jets Jaguars game, I thought was an absolute delight between the, some of the quarterback moments, some of the game management, and then the Jets who really, all they had to do was kneel and Neil do something and they, they just could have kicked a field goal and the Jaguars would've the ball back with 10 seconds left. And instead the Jets charge it and score. Yeah. What's that Coach's name? Alrich. Who? The guy's gonna get fired when the, when the season ends. They can't, they can't interview Bill be checker back. Abel apparently. Even though the season's not over, but so they just let, and then all of a sudden it seems like Jacksonville can come back down.


Yeah. And, And it was just one of the dumber things. It kind of got under the radar 'cause it was two terrible teams. Who cares? They're both three in 10. But it was just kind of stunning. Nobody does shit like that anymore. Yeah. The Jet's like, look, are you sure you wanna lose this game at home in front of these fans? We'll give it to you. We're giving you a chance here. But yeah. Yeah. The fact that Belichick met with them earlier in the year is just, I I can't, I I mean I do believe it. I do believe it. You hate that. So you hate that there's even a 3% chance that that's true. There's three scenarios. One is the Jets are full of shit and leaking this and it's not true because they hate Belichick and wanna make 'em look bad. Right. The second scenario is that he kicked the tires with them.


Yeah. Not 'cause he wanted to work with them, but 'cause he wanted to gauge interest just in general what the league interest was in him. And then the third door is that he actually wanted to work with them for them, which I will never believe for the rest of my life. That Bill Belichick, a guy who hated the Jets, hated them every time the Patriots played them, would try to pour it on and embarrass them in games. Like despise them. Thank got his 12 media gigs this year and lob shots at the Jets the entire season of Woody Johnson. Like can't stand them. And now he wants to work for them. I'm just, my shit detector's going off left and right. He clearly, they, they all these different people reported it, including our guy Schrager.


So I, something happened, but I don't, I don't, I don't know what it was. It almost feels like when the Turk and the Godfather's like, Hey, let's meet Luko Brazy. We'll try to bring him over and then all of a sudden Luca's getting like the fork stabbed in his hand on the table and they're like strangling him. I, I wonder like, is Belichick trying to pull a move on the Jets? Interesting. I, I don't know. I just don't think he would ever work for them. I just don't believe it. No, but I know, but he's not the most righteous dude in the world. I think your second scenario is pretty, it could happen. Like he kicked the tires. You don't think he'd take a call from Woody Johnson as much as he hated them? It really depends on how much he wanted to break this record. Would you, Would you take a call from Aaron Rogers' Media company?


Hey, we wanna hire you Sal. Yeah. Would you work for Aaron Rogers? Actually, I have something to talk to you about, Phil. Yeah. It's, it was, I know it's gonna sound weird. Yeah. Hi Aaron. You know, he's misunderstood This. I just don't believe it. I watch the network. I honestly think Bill Belichick would rather retire than work for the Jets. I don't believe it. And also they don't have a quarterback who's gonna in the NFL would be to try to break the Shula record. He is, is like good luck on that team. Yeah. I just don't believe it. So I don I don't know why they had communications, but I don't think he was like, man, I hope I get this awesome Jets job. They haven't made the playoffs since 2012. Well, they should just ask him. He'll tell the truth.


I think this worked out great for him. This North Carolina thing. The more I, the, I know I did a PO on it the other day. The more I read and listen, hear everybody like this is amazing. Yeah. He has this in, he was already the greatest NFL coach ever. Now he could have this last act in North Carolina and like kick ass for them. It's cool. Everybody loves him there already. Yeah. I mean he, and he really pivoted because he made everyone think he wanted to go for the record for most wins in the NFL. But as it turns out, he wants to go for the most losses all time in college football. And that's why he's with Carolina. No, I think it's a good move. I think he did everything right. And I think you, you probably said it about like doing all the media for a year. He's loose.


He still gets it. He's still in in tune with the, the football. Even the girlfriend, I get it. I'm sure they're madly in love, but it really does show that he could like wrangle and, and relate to younger people. This is gonna work. I think it was gonna work. And so what, you know, the team was six and four and they lost their last two in a conference where, you know, the, the team that won the conference is like the 12th seat in in the ncaa. Like he could turn it around. It's not, it's not not impossible. Well it's also not like Jim Harbaugh going to Michigan and having to like build the whole thing and recruit people. Yeah. And like they co college football. Now you're just basically buying a team. Right. And you're just trying to outmaneuver people and steal people and Well gonna, he's gonna reach, there's no rules.


35 guys. And so like eight of them have to hit versus NFL where you can only draft like seven dudes and four of 'em have to hit. Right. Like I, I think the odds are in his favor for Sure. No rules is good for him. All right. The big game today was Detroit Buffalo. Yeah. Who were basically the same team I realized as I was watching. I know, I know Buffalo won, but need the lead explosive offense. Unstoppable and can't get stops. Right. So it's kind of like whoever is up 10, nothing. It's the game's over. And in this game, for whatever reason, Buffalo took the early lead and then Detroit's playing catch up after that. But it's a, it's a recipe that usually does not work to actually win the title.


Yeah. Is my point. Like even I agree. I read this stat. Here's a good stat for you. So Buffalo scored 30 plus in eight games in a row. Right. Pretty hard to do. The other teams who have done that, the 2000 Rams, 2007 Pats, 2010 pats and the 2013 Broncos zero Super Bowls with those teams. Wow. So they'd be, you know, they always have a chance to break the trim. But I just feel like we've seen teams like this that are awesome offensively with an awesome player, but if you can't get stops at some point, that's killing you. My favorite, it's so funny because the reverse that I saw was that the chiefs have not scored 31 points this year and any, and they Wow.


Compared it to other teams who have not scored 31 and they'll have two wins, three wins, four wins. Like they're all junk. And through the years, yeah, they've all been junk. So yeah, there, there should be a, a happy medium. But yeah, I, I mean that's my super bowl. Detroit buffalo. It was, it was, it wasn't good. I wish that game was, it was entertaining, but it just wasn't good. You never I never thought the lions could come back. I mean, I, I know people get on Campbell for onside kicking there, but the lions gave up 8.2 yards per play. They kind of had to do something at some point. No. Could we argue about this? 'cause it was terrible. Let's do it. That's fine. It's a terrible decisions. It's terrible because if it was a sneak onside kick with the old rules. Yeah. I'm I'm all for it. I get it.


You have to announce it's an onside kick. So it's basically, it's like Yeah, If you say it low, just say it really low so they kind of can Yeah. Yeah. What is it like 6%, 7%? Something like that's one side kick. So that's, that's one out of every 12 converts their defense. So they're basically saying their defense can't stop buffalo's offense 11 out of 12 times. And that an onside kick is better option than that. There's no way you could tip a pass. There's all different ways to stop an offense. 11 out A stupid eight yards of play. It's kind of the same thing. Right. And he probably probably looked up and down. I nobody gets onside kicks. We've seen like one recovered the whole year. It's like you might as well freaking buy a lottery ticket. Yeah. I mean like Alan was jogging for first downs.


I mean he must have looked up and down the roster. So Carlton Davis was hurt. Dorsey was carted off McNeil. The the injury got worse and worse. So I get it. But I I get it. He's too, he is too aggressive in general. But that was too to aggressive. If you're Two percentages, it's no contest your defense. You could, they could fumble a shotgun snap. They could drop a pass. Like all kinds of things could happen. Onset kick. You need like, it's basically a miracle. So Detroit, the reason I picked them and lost was I thought they were gonna run the ball down buffalo's throat. And I don't know why I wouldn't have thought that. 'cause Buffalo can't stop the run. Detroit's great at it. Detroit 15 carriers for 48 yards. Yeah. Golf ends up throwing 59 times for 4 94 and five tds.


But the team that ran the ball down somebody's throat was Buffalo. And they ran for almost 200 yards, including Allen. They ran for four tds 28 first downs, 559 yards. And this is what, you know, I get it. If you're picking a, if you're picking Buffalo in this game, you're saying Detroit's defense cannot handle Josh Allen. And that turned out to be the correct answer. Yeah. But it's also screwed up. I I know what you're saying. Like, goth threw five touchdowns and he had five interceptions against, was it the Texans? And that he won that game, but lost this Game, lost this one. It's so stupid. It's the, the season's kind of screwy. It really is. Well About this Buffalo in the last two weeks has given up 86 points over a thousand yards and 53 first downs.


Yeah. In the last two weeks. Like I know the Josh Allen thing is super fun, but this is not how you win Super Bowls and somebody's gonna get them at some point. Unless he, he would have to be superhuman in a way. Very few guys in the history of the league have just thrown a team on their back, I think to win with the defense he has. Yeah. But Detroit's defense is worse. And they lost three more guys today. They lost McNeil. McNeil might be out for the year. So it's never been a better spot, I don't think for, for, you know, this Eagles team that everyone gave up on, including me three months ago. Yeah. I'm trying to think of the one seed is a little, I I saw 43% for Detroit, 34% for the Eagles.


And yet Minnesota controls their own destiny. If they win, they have tough games. But if they win all three, or I guess four now, they'd say they still have to play tomorrow. Then they win. They get, they get the one seat Because they got Detroit last week of the season. Right. And a game that we owe it. We had thought for weeks and weeks that would be the game where Detroit rested everybody and Minnesota was gonna be favored by 11 and a half. That's not happening. Yeah. Here's the, here's the bad news for Detroit. This is another stat I read. No team has ever allowed 45 points in a home game and then won the Super Bowl. Wow. So they did that today. Hmm. Your Patriots never did that.


No, apparently not Bill Belichick's defense. No, I know. Yeah. It sucks for them because if this was the 1950s and we played a 12 game schedule, they would be in dynamite shape. That's true. Well, on the positives for Buffalo, there's some a, a mini, it's not, he's not good enough to be a Ewing theory guy, but there's a little mini Ewing theory case for Stefan Diggs now. Oh. That they lose him and they're more exciting, more fun. Josh having the best year ever. Right. They beat Casey and they beat Detroit. That's good. It's good ones. I think the big thing for me though is we, I would've said eight weeks ago who was gonna finish the season as the most exciting guy in the league and Lamar would've been like a minus 1000 favorite like Lamar we talked about on this pod.


Like Lamar almost had to be on a multi-view screen 'cause he is so exciting. Right. And Josh kind of leapfrogged him it feels like. Right. He's the most exciting guy in Lu League down. I I don't think Lamar even got less exciting, but the shit Josh is doing, it's like watching a, a senior in high school playing like the freshman team. Yeah. And he is just like, I'm gonna fuck around. I'm trying to impress this girl in the stands. I'm just gonna do some stuff. Yeah. And just like demolishing them. Even the flip passes on third down that just have to get over the line. Like he's just doing, like I said, he is like jogging out of bounds for seven yards and then maybe it was just mostly because it's a line. I think what we learned from the bills as bad as the defenses and everything, they are a tough out.


They're really, they're never, we saw that with the Rams. Right. The Rams had 'em dead to rights. They didn't belong in that game at all. They're a tough out and when they get up, they're gonna get up too much and it's gonna be hard to come back on 'em. So it might just be enough by the way that MVP run, you know that it should be an SB probably for multi-view player of the year. Yeah. But that MVP is over. I don't know if if in reality Saquon ever had a chance, but he's minus 900 now. Josh Allen. It's it's a over Yeah. Well the thing with Josh, I was thinking about, I was thinking about like the great quarterback seasons. So since, since we were in college 1989, only six quarterbacks have won MVP in Super Bowl in the same season.


Unless I miss somebody. Hmm. Mahomes was the last one in 22. Manning did it in oh six. Oh Manning didn't do it in oh six. 'cause Tomson won. So he's out w Kurt Warner. Right. Fav Steve Young in 94 in Montana in 89. And your guys, his guy in Brady never did it. My guy never had the MVP but then also won the, like he, he won in oh seven and 17, but they didn't, they didn't win the title those years. Hmm. So, but then there's this different title when somebody has a season like the one he is having that it's just like a memorable season. Like Rogers had that awesome 2011 season. Yeah. But then the Giants beat him in the playoffs.


But that whole regular season is incredible. Cam had that awesome 2015 season. You know, Brady had that awesome oh seven season that was like iconic and then they lost anyway. Mm. And I wonder which camp is Alan gonna be in? If I had to bet, I would probably bet he's gonna be in that Brady oh seven side. Like in incredible memorable, unbelievable season. But it wasn't good enough to win the Super Bowl. So, but how many teams could beat 'em? Like you, you know, like, I don't know. They already beat. IIII know they never count the chiefs out. Now with Mahomes it, it might get sketchy anyway. But who, who stops them in the A FC you think? Like Lamar like heads up. I think It's a team that outscores them and gets the lead on them first and makes them play from behind basically.


It's Not easy. I think that's how it'd have to do it. That's how it'd have to happen. But the, the best teams are in the N ffc. But yeah, you're right. This could be a year. It would be great. Did you pick them to win or you picked them to make? I picked them to win. I picked them to beat the lion. I mean, That'd be amazing for you. Certainly a tone for a lot of, a lot of sins of predictions you made in August. In August. I thought we did well in September. September. Oh no, you're right. Yeah. I had enough of the Browns and the Raiders and just shitty teams like that. Good Things you learned, you learned not to back those. I'm still betting Will Levis I would learned a lot. Yeah. Well that wasn't your fault, but yeah, the, I mean the fun thing about Buffalo is that it's just super fun. But you know, the Jim Kelly teams are also super fun.


So at some point we'll see if this can translate, but the thing that's been so cool about it is just, it was like this thing, I remember I talked about it after Bill Walton died when I went to see him and he was talking about Larry Bird and he was talking about the, when this last level, when it's like not just the performance but the artistry of the performance and how you resonate with the crowd. Like it feels like Alan's gone to another level with some of this stuff. Yeah. Like he's just so great to watch on some of these plays. Like my wife was sitting down with me for like a quarter and she's just like, that guy's amazing. Is he the best guy in the league? I'm like yeah, he actually is. Yeah. Yeah. Good call. But he is just like, he just jumps out of the TV now.


But imagine what her reaction would be if she had watched Will the, if if yeah. If she had watched the 10:00 AM the 1:00 PM games out here. That's true. And then watch Josh Allen, she's like, oh my god, this guy doesn't belong in the league. Or those guys don't one, one or the other because they're playing a different brand of football. Well, and and for anybody who would say no, he's been like this for a few years. He hasn't because he made turnover. He had a shit load of turnovers last year. He doesn't turn the ball over anymore. Yep. His decision making is just way better this year. Yep. I don Hailey Stein. I think it Gonna be good. Maybe that was it. And he is got it all. Next, next game was Philly. Pittsburgh, which I stay, I I stayed at the craps table one hand too long or one, one shoot too long with Pittsburgh.


They were great to me this year. Pickens not playing. I liked the, under the case for them was low scoring game, you know, rock fight 16, 14, 20. But what I didn't surprise was Philly moved the ball on them. Like they had some long ass drives then wat gets hurt at the end. That's a bad loss for Pittsburgh. I thought Really bad. And they only had two drives in the second half, if I'm not mistaken. I looked it up. Yeah. And yeah, I think they just walked into a situation where Philadelphia, you know, first of all the AJ Brown thing, the squeaky wheel, AJ Brown figured it out. Yeah. If I'm Jihad Dotson the third string wide receiver, I'm complaining all week talk about how he and Jalen hurt's relationship has changed over the last two months.


You'll see your targets will go up, but Yeah. And Barwood didn't even have that that great a game. But He left, he was gone for the whole second quarter. Yeah, I like the Eagles but I, I, I still don't understand. I the, I based it on Russ and I'm like, this guy's gotta have a bad game. He really didn't have that terrible game. He really didn't. They just never really, I don't know. I I know time possession won't indicate this, but the drives were great for Philadelphia. They didn't, they didn't squander any opportunity. Did the ball for 40 minutes. Yeah. Did 26 first downs. They were 10 for 17 on third down. And the case for Pittsburgh in this game was their defense is gonna be able to stand up to Philly. And they, they just didn't, with that said, the rookie fumbles the punt for Philly, Pittsburgh gets the ball all of a sudden they're on like the three yard line and then the, and this goofy penalty happens where the guy keeps blocking after the whistle.


Right. There's no more devastating penalty than the, we're about to score. Oh, 15 yards. Now we're on the 18. It's a, it's a fucking gut Punch's. Three Three, yeah. You can't get back in. So they, they squander that and then Najee fumbles when they're driving again, they have this great drive going and he just fumbles a pitch. And it really came down to, to those two plays. I didn't feel like they were that far away from them, but Philly played better obviously. Yeah. They have trouble there too. I think they lost that last nine or it last nine against the spread in in Philadelphia. So I kind of liked everything. Yeah. I took that, that was a win for me. I took them adjusted nine and a half Philly, which was Oh, Nice. Outrageous. Because, because Tomlin as an underdog is usually good, but I just figured, and so now they're locked in as a three pretty much.


I know we're gonna play the few, although the Ravens is a big one now. We have the Ravens win the division. We're back in it a little bit. I in the back, back, back of my head, I was a little worried about the games today just because of how weird this stretch is. We talked about in The Ringer Sunday pregame Yeah. Where these teams play today, then Saturday, then Wednesday there's four teams. Right, right. And it's just, I, I don't, neither of us are gonna understand just what the mentality is of to be ready. But no, you also have to be ready two more times over the next week and a half basically. So I don't know. I they didn't seem like Pittsburgh today, I Didn't think. No, for sure. Yeah, maybe. I think you're right with this weird 10 day stretch. Maybe we do like I do in the NBA where you take both teams minus nine and a half.


I don dunno what the equivalent would be. Oh, interesting. In football. But it's not, it, it should be, we should have known this week was gonna be weird, but the crap past Thursday game San Francisco and, and the Rams, that was so bad too. Is there an MVP case for George Pickens? So you said that maybe that that should be a separate award. Right. How would, what would you Call it? He, he's like kind of, he's like the secret. MVP. Yeah. It's like when they don't have George Pickett, they, they, they just don't get three explosive plays a game. Right. I do think I, I made a mental note watching the games today. Like they just for the Super Bowl, you need to be able to run the ball and you need to like three explosive plays a game.


And if you can't do that, I think you're like an automatic cross off. Yeah. You know what I mean? Makes and pick was like their only team. Yeah. Eagles. The Eagles.


This episode is brought to by Uber Eats it's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Score buy one get one free six piece boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings now on Uber Eats. And if you're craving even more. We've got you covered with game day and deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more. All season long, Uber Eats official on demand food delivery. Partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms. Taxes and fees apply. See app for details.


This episode is brought to you by Peloton. Life's always changing one season, you're trying to break personal records and the next, you're just looking for a solid routine. Peloton is here for all of it with workouts that flex to fit your schedule, whatever it looks like. You've got options from four week strength programs to running, cycling, and everything in between. Pelotons got the tools to adapt to whatever goal you're chasing in this season of your life. And here's the real kicker with Pelotons All Access membership. You can work out wherever you need to at home on the bike tread or row or even on the go with the app. Take your favorite classes with you to the gym on the road, wherever. So whatever you're aiming for, that 5:00 AM club or squeezing in a late night session, Peloton is ready. Whenever you're find your push, find your power with peloton@onepeloton.com can do it.


That's yeah. You know, and obviously Buffalo can too. Tampa chargers, which I wisely stayed away from Tampa. Drops 40 on the Chargers. Yeah. Very weird because it seemed like Bakker was gonna have a reckless type of game. Right. And then he just righted the, the ship. I don, I feel like Herbert, you know, he was really only like, only like Thursday where he came off the injured list. That act did not look. Yeah, he wasn't throwing with force. Mike Evans had a two touchdown game, which it's fantasy playoffs. Of course he was gonna do that. Right. And then Cardinals pats, that was another West, west Lake gamer.


There might be a mutiny with the Pats fan soon. The coaching is so bad, it's indescribable. I just can't believe it. And then the coach comes after the game. We have Drake May 3rd and one fourth and one like the key sequence of the game. And they don't sneak with him either time And it on one another time they had him in the shotgun on fourth and one. It's like this guy's almost six six. Right. Like pretty sure we could QB sneak 'em. I know we can't block but it maybe take a So they don't, they it's stuffed and that that flips the game. And someone asked Mayo about it after and he is basically like, yeah, I don't know what we were doing. Like it was literally like he just threw the OC under the bus. Then they asked Drake May about it, who seems to be the only person on the team who's devastated after every loss.


Good. He's just like Crest falling on the sidelines. Yeah. And they talked to him after and somebody asked him like, why don't they ever sneak you? And he is like, honestly, I don't know. I'm almost, I'm six five. Like it's a play that's worked my whole career. I don I don't know why we don't. Do You think they're afraid of the Well, they're afraid of the result because what were you like 130% conversion on fourth down with Belichick and Brady? Like if you're 60, Brady had got stuff I think twice out of 1200 plays. Yeah. Jesus. Yeah. Right. So maybe that's the thing. I'm exaggerating, but no, maybe not. I look back, I don't, you know, listen, I, I have you right where I want you, I want you to be infatuated with with this Drake May. Because otherwise you get sidetracked and we talk about the NBA cup and pretend that it's great for fifteen's unbeliev 15 minutes every Sunday.


He's, I love it. I love it. He's unbelievable. They, they, for three quarters they just hand off and have 'em throw bubble screens and do nothing that he is like really great at. And then they'll fall behind by 20 and then all of a sudden it's like, Hey, you should throw him down wing it, downfield. And then he is like, perfect 40 yard pass and you should roll out. That's you want, it's like, oh, he does that. Like, it's like we just did that the whole game play. Right. I don't understand why they don't play with tempo. It's super frustrating. We have two good players. 'cause Gonzalez like completely shut down Harrison. Yeah. Like shut him down. They went to him multiple times. Shut him down. I didn't think it was a great win for the Cardinals. 'cause it actually felt like the game was a little closer. It's weird. We thought, I think they're The only team with seven wins, right?


Or does Seattle lab? I think they're the only ones. No, Seattle is eight. Yeah. Oh yeah, you're right. Arizona's the only seven win team in The early league. Yeah, But we should talk about that. 'cause Seattle loses and now we have the Rams are in the three spot. Yeah. And Seattle's now out of the playoffs, which we were talking this morning. I have Seattle division Seattle to make the playoffs Seattle over. Like all that's all that milestone play. I thought Seattle was gonna beat Green Bay and was very bullish on Seattle. And I've liked Green Bay the whole year, but I just, I just thought this was a Seattle week and Green Bay finally played the game that I've felt like they could play the whole year.


And that of course I had the other side. They were great. I they were excellent. And I just think we have to look at Josh Jacobs for these next few weeks. Like we look at Barley and, and we look at Henry like he's just gonna take control of games. I really do. I don't know what happened. I don't know what kicked in into gear. I mean it's been good all year, but this is No, Tonight he was special. The first two drives today he was, he looked like Terrell Davis. Yeah. That said they're plus 180. I mean the Rams didn't impress me at all. Thursday night. I know it was in the rain and everything, but I feel like 49 ERs dropped seven balls on offense and defense. Yeah. One of them catch it. It's a different story. But you Guys quitting on the sidelines, they're in the game. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. That's all kind stuff happening. Plus 180 though for Seattle.


They could, they could, I know you're down on them right now and you have enough on it. But I, I could see them making their way. Well, Gino got hurt. What happened to Gino? Do you know? That's true. We have to see. I know it was a knee injury, so Yeah. How Mr. Howell's not taking him anywhere. I was real, I gotta say I was really disappointed in Seattle. Yeah. They'd kind of rope me in thinking their defense was good. And then Jacob's really big boy Tom, I thought, and they gave up some big plays. They had a couple bad pass interferences. They just played like shit. Yeah. It's a Sunday night game at home. Your underdogs, you need the game. 'cause the Rams miraculously beat Buffalo and beat the Niners in a five day span, which the odds of that were probably seven to one. Right. Right. So then they have the Rams sitting there at eight and six and they can't believe it.


Probably. Yeah. They're like a how are we eight and six B? How are we leading a division? Yeah. What did they, that that game was disgusting. That Cooper Cup with a, a massive middle finger to fantasy owners. I mean no catches. That was amazing. Like an Andre, a giant size middle finger. And they still, they still won that game. Yeah. The, so the Rams, they lost to Miami by eight. They barely beat the pets and they lost to Philly by 23. They lost to Philly 37 to 14 in week 12. And at that point they were five and six with Buffalo and San Francisco looming in Seattle.


And week 18 Arizona and week 17 they beat New Orleans, which was a little closer than it was 2114. It was, that game was actually kind of close. Right. Beat Buffalo, beat San Francisco. Now they got, they're playing Wash Rogers at the Jets next week. Yeah. And have a legitimate chance now for like 11 wins. It's fucking crazy. Well, they end with the two teams in their division, right? Yeah. I I do think this is the one division that'll come down to week 18. They're home against Seattle and January 5th. Arizona's not good. And it wasn't just the, a couple ways the path screwed up today. Kyler had his terrible Kyler pass that he does once a game. And he throws, he throws it right to right after we got stuffed on third one and fourth and one.


Right. Kyler throw throws this jump pass and gets drilled as he's throwing it. We intercept that we're on like their 15. Yeah. And they call a rough in the passer. Right. The guy's jumping up in the air to block the pass and then, and then kind of just hits Kyler. 'cause he's trying to block it. Yeah. It was ridiculous. That pass was so bad. Too bad. That was one of the worst of the day. And because he got sandwiched, meanwhile, the guy from behind didn't really get him at all. There was nothing illegal or nothing, you know. Right. Even close. But from, from the front it looked worse than it was. Some of these pass roughing, the passers are real. Like Justin Fields got one. It's like, I don't know, there's been Some really bad ones.


They're like, oh Well they hit him high. It's like, yeah, because he went low the very last second. Otherwise that's not high. So the cards are seven and seven and yet they bear, I know they didn't barely beat the pats by the score, but I swear the Pats were weirdly in that game. They lose to Seattle twice in three weeks and then we see Seattle just get the tar kicked out of them tonight. Right. So I'm gonna, I'm gonna be selling on a, on Arizona and I, I don't You're selling Arizonas, you don't like them seven to one for the division? No, I don't. So right now our playoff matchups a FC buffalo home for the Chargers.


It's kind of fun. I don't know in a million years how the Chargers could keep up with Buffalo points. That's they, they'd probably play out like the Tampa game today. Yeah. Pittsburgh home for Denver. We didn't, we didn't talk about that Denver game enough because Denver was super lucky. I'm sure. Like Nicks was terrible. Yeah. Nicks had three picks, you know, and they, we talked about all the cult stuff. Yep. But Denver's gonna be probably a six succeed against Pittsburgh. And then he's, or Or Buffalo or Baltimore hopefully, but maybe Pittsburgh. Right. A Baltimore could pass them. And then Houston Baltimore would be the four five unless Pittsburgh and Baltimore flip. So Pittsburgh, Denver looks incredibly shaky to me.


Oh no, no, no, no. They always, oh yeah, you're right. Because if Baltimore falls in that four five, they may not give it, But they're not putting Lamar in the SHAS game. He's too good. Right. And then so what's the, maybe You Lamar in the Sunday, the early Sunday game? Yeah. Yeah. That would be that where that goes. So then the other NFC South go gets the Shays game. Or you really think Pittsburgh and the Shas game. So the other South NFC is, would be right now Philly versus Washington. Solid Rams versus Green Bay. Excellent. And then Tampa, Minnesota, which I think is a good game. Oh Yeah, you're right. That can't Be the SHAS game. No, I know. You're right. And Then the interesting one is, I think Amazon's getting this Saturday night game, which is usually like the best game.


I don't know what that is with those six matchups. It's probably Rams Green Bay, I would think in la They like a cold one though. Last, last year was the Chiefs, right? Mm. It it could be Buffalo. They might do Buffalo there. So Chargers at Buffalo. Harbaugh goes to Buffalo Maybe. Yeah. That's a good enough. They got enough to talk about there. Chargers will actually have fans more than they did today. It'd be interesting. The Rams have Jets on the road. Arizona and Seattle at home. Seattle is Minnesota at home. Chicago and the Rams on the road. Well you're right. If Gino Smith's iffy this, they don't have a chance.


It's weird. He should be better at home though. He was wasn't We went over stats on the pregame show. Like he's not Yeah. The 12th Man does nothing for him. I think I hit everything. Did we, we didn't talk about Dan Quinn screwing up that, that Washington game and screwing up everybody's teases. I guess that was the last thing we didn't hit. Well it was ki is the referee's name Dan Quinn. I mean, I I know it was, that was, you know, look, I'm not saying the league got in their ears because everybody had washed in on a teaser and they needed to screw everyone over. But the ref stopped the clock. Well, sorry. Fast forwarding to 20 to 13 Rattler to Foster Monroe. Nine seconds left clearly in bounds. And the ref stopped the clock for it's Like the Two.


Yeah. Yeah. And then they score with three seconds left and then they go for two, which would've killed money Line parlay. But it was enough at 20 to 19 to kill the minus seven and a half, which went to one and a half. Yeah. That was bizarre. And then they taught, they, they said they screwed it up after the game. And they're like, but we can't review that. We're not allowed to review that. So they can make the most, the worst error you could imagine that everybody could see and agree to it right then. But they can't change it. I don know that's So you don't think they could have spiked it in time? 'cause I actually think they could have spiked it with like a second left. Maybe Tackles like nine seconds left. But yeah, it was incredible that the clocks Yeah. There's literally no reason for the clocks stop. Yeah. But then Quinn, they're up seven with the ball And it looks like they're running out the clock.


McLaurin drops the touchdown or it sailed. I forget whose fault that was. I guess Daniel sailed it on him a little. Yep. Yeah. And it looked like that was gonna be now and then all of a sudden the kick a field goal, God misses it now. Freaking Spencer Rattler. He's coming back down and, and all of a sudden, well, so how Susan is Washington Poor house. I know, but listen, for us, we have to be looking forward to, we have to zone in on who's the team we wanna root against in the playoffs or bet against in the playoffs. This Washington team's got all the makings. I think They haven't played a game that's impressed me in like two months. Right. You know, I mean, and you think like they had a couple wins there that they shouldn't have won.


They could probably be three wins lighter. Right. What's their record now? They're nine and five. They could easily be six and eight. Well, the Hail Mary game that bear there. Another stupid game. Yeah. And then this game. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let's do guest alliance. Yeah. We didn't, yeah, I guess we didn't talk. Mahomes getting hurt, but that's about it. I mean He's, let's, let's see that quick. He he's definitely not playing this Saturday. Right? No Question. I just feel like the holiday season hasn't officially started until Mahomes has some sort of injury. And then we just have to Is that Yeah. It's just he's gotta start limping around. That's how he gets ready for the playoffs. Right. It's like, it's like a how a bear needs to sleep during the winter.


Same thing. Interesting. He needs some sort of limp and then he's fine. Yeah. I but that said, not playing Saturday and for sure playing i'll because they need him on. They need him on Christmas. He has to play Christmas. Netflix spent way too much money on that game. Right. Like Netflix is, is Offering, you don't think Netflix throws him in a plane and gets him to Germany for all kinds of like stuff to pump into his ankles. He's playing that game. That's what I'm saying. Yeah. But not, not this week. And that's why Yeah. I mean, Netflix offered Jackson Mahomes a standup special. They offered the, they offered, they'll do whatever they can to get him there. The wife could be in Squid Game three, whatever, whatever they want. He's playing in that game. No Question. Well, I agree with you because I, I guess my tech, my Texans game, assuming he wasn't gonna play.


Yeah. Because I think if it's a choice, you wanna just wait. If he, you can't play him in both. If he's got a bad wheel. Well, Because they're too up on Buffalo, right? Yeah. One, one and a half technically. 'cause they lose the tiebreaker. So, so be it. If they lose the one game, but then there'll be two left, there'll be a half game up Also. If, if I'm them, I'm fine. Oh no. We're the two seed. Right.


This episode is brought to you by IMS Pet Food. We're all picky when it comes to our pets and their meals. When you choose ims dry dog or cat food, you can see a difference in your pet with your own eyes. Healthy energy in five days, healthy digestion in 10 days, healthy skin and coat in just 25 days satisfaction for you and them guaranteed. Or your money back. Feed ims, dry dog or cat food and see a visible difference. Visit im.com. That is iams.com/difference. To learn more,


this episode is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future-proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit workday.com to learn more.


We have to play the Chargers. Who can, you know, barely get to 20 points. Guess the lines. We have games Thursday, Saturday, Sunday, Monday and then Wednesday. This is a official don't get divorce stretch. It's tough, man. Especially with the Holidays. Yeah. They're really, really trying to fuck with our marriages Now. Yeah. Make it easy. Yep. And speaking of fucking, you're fucking tied with me right now. It's seven seven. I know, I know. 7, 7 1 week 16. You haven't beaten me since 1932. Stop it before then. I I was off on a few, but okay, well, we'll see. Let's see. I hit this one exactly though. I know you're gonna think that's bullshit, but I did hit the Thursday night one.


Guess the lines Thursday night Chargers home for the Denver Broncos and I made the line chargers by three. Yep. Alright. We we split that one. It is three. Yeah. And that's what it was today. Does that make sense? Let's, let's think about this. It was three against Tampa. Denver is equal to Tampa even though the charges got, I think Tampa's Tampa's a little better than Tampa's a little better than Denver. Right? Tampa's Tampa's better but charges little more explosive. Keep keep the three because Tampa's better. All right. Yeah, that's fine. A lot of Broncos fans. You know, speaking of Tampa that NFC South be, which is one of the only futures I really truly care about.


'cause we made such a big deal about it. Yeah. NFC under 30 wins. Where Are you? Well, I'll tell you that Tampa win didn't, didn't, I didn't love it, but Right. We are right now at 22 wins with three weeks left. Wow. So it's like, and teams play each other. So I feel like I've clenched it. Yeah. NFC East is at 29 wins. There's seven wins higher. This was one of our big bets before the year was the N ffc. We made FanDuel create this prop. NFC East more wins than the NFC South. And it was minus 1 75. And now we're gonna bankrupt FanDuel as a result. And you could thank my cowboys for beating the Panthers.


You could thank That's one step closer. That Was big. That really helped us. 'cause a big D Yep. Two Saturday games. Yep. Chiefs Texans in KC and neither of us think Mahomes is playing. And I'm going to make Houston the favorite. I'm gonna say Houston by one and a half. All right. I said two. It is two and a half out there. You'll get this next one though. Texans two. I wonder how many times the chiefs have been home dogs. Oh, at home. It wasn't week 18. Yeah. Play no way Play. Andy Reid moved one, one win closer to Belichick by the way.


Where, where is he now? He is at, hold on, lemme get it. He's 2 71. He's 31 away and he is five playoff wins behind them too. Somehow. The NFL. Yeah. The NFL will give him the record this year. Like, yeah, you've done enough. It's fine. Be Check Scott, please catch Belichick. Please catch Belichick. We've decided to tamper with your seller cap space. Right. So you have more money to spend. Okay. The other Saturday game, Ravens Steelers, which I think I would've had Ravens by two and a half as recently as like three weeks ago.


But I, I'm, I gotta say Ravens by four. Oh man, you got me. Oh, I thought you were gonna go lower now. I said three and a half. It's six and a half. So I think, holy mackerel. I think we could hedge a little with our Raven Division bet. Well, yeah, I mean, yeah. I mean we could cover this. We could make, we won't win both, but we could take six and a half. Right. And they can win an 1816 game like they played November. Well Tell the audience what's our, what was our bet? It was division champs Chiefs, Ravens Bills, Chiefs Ravens Bills Texans. Yeah. We did the whole day. FC We did that. Did we did it before the season or like week one? No, we saw like a month of action.


They were like, this is stupid. We got it. And It literally was stupid. 'cause we're losing. Yeah, it Is. It's always stupid. Yeah. I think the Steelers are gonna be, even if they have Pickens, it's not gonna be a hundred percent Pickens, but Yeah, that's a lot of points to lay in a second time. They've played a FC North Raven Steelers game. It is a lot. I wonder what they, they, they're just predicting like they're gonna melt down at this point. Like they, you know, all right. Tomlin has 'em over 500 like he always does. And now we see them slip to the six or whatever. I Don know, I was texting with the fantasy guys 'cause Craig's a big Steelers fan during that game.


And it was like Steelers bingo. It was hitting all the check marks of Right dumb penalty to pull them out of a touchdown. And TJ Watts hurt. It hit like nine of the check marks. Not Cheap. Yeah. All. Yeah. It's a stupid fumble Sunday Marques game. I think it's Eagles Washington, right? Isn't that our best Sunday game? Oh, We need to go Viking Seahawks. You Would've said mini Seattle probably before tonight, but yeah, I think it's Eagles, Washington. Yeah, I think You're right. Eagles going for 11 in a row. Second time they played their games are always weird. And it's in Washington, so I'm gonna say Eagles by three and a half.


Oh man. Really? I said five and you got it. Exactly. It's three and a half. Hmm. Why not five? Because these two teams play weird games. I think that's the only reason. 26 18. The last game I was in Philly. Yeah. I guess I'm, I'm down on Washington. I don't know why. I think you should be. I don't, I think they little smoke and mirrors. Those first six weeks was really has been, Dana has not been the same since he got hurt whenever that, whatever week that was like. Yep. You know, he was like lasers to everybody the first five weeks. Sure. They never punted. Yeah. And they were a two point conversion away from a terrible team from losing today.


So I only have two watchable games. And part of it is, 'cause we have two Saturday games. Saturday I pulled two good ones out, but there's only two good games on on and these aren't even that good. One of them is Vikings at Seattle, which I, that's it for Seattle. I think if they lose, and the Vikings are definitely gonna be favored. I have the Vikings by three. I got this exactly three and a half. And I mean, it's gonna be more if there's no Gino Smith, but Right. It, it seems like he's playing right. Sam? How against the Vikings defense would not make me feel good. No. So then the other one I have for a watchable, you're gonna laugh, but Jags Raiders in Vegas.


Really? All kinds of draft pick Ramifications In this. Yeah. Not that it, I mean, does anyone even care past Sanders and No. People Are gonna care where Hunter gets drafted. Sure. Well, people care where the Boise State running back gets drafted. Jonathan? No. I don I don't, I don't think so. I think he'll become, people don't Trust running Backs become like a great running back. Whatever. He'll go where he goes. Yeah. Okay. I mean, well who was the last great one? Bijon. I mean, the last one that went go 10 Bijan Was pretty high. Yeah, he was top 10. Yeah. All right. Jags at Raiders. This is probably the Raider's last chance. This is a huge game for the Patriots. This would, if the, 'cause the Patriots aren't gonna win again. If the Jags, we need Mac Jones to somehow pull off win.


But I have the Jaguars favored by two in Vegas. So That's what I had. I swear I did. And it's Vegas by one and a half. Okay. Where did they get that from? I do not know who their quarterback is. Is it, is it the Ridler? I I guess as of tomorrow, I guess it will be the Ridler. So Atlanta's favored by five and a half over the Vegas. But Jaguars, they suck too. Ooh. I dunno, I can't make A case. I, I might bet this game fairly watchable Bill's Patriots I think has to be 14.


So I'm gonna say 14. Yeah. I went 16 and a half. It's 14 and a half. You get that five to four, you're up. One thing with, with the Pats, they have cheap touchdown potential at the end. 'cause that's the only time they kind of let me do his thing. They had another interception that wasn't his fault today. I don't know if you saw Boutte. Yeah. Yeah. When he threw his, throws it to him. He, he did the receiver thing where he just flings it up in the air for the safety. That needs a name that needs to be named after Somebo. There had to be some receiver who did that better than anyone. Anybody. Somebody's keeping track of these stats. There's gotta be somebody that has a, let's go to our next gen stats and see who fucked up more good passes. Like for The, that guy fucked up and cost you an interception.


Yeah, interception. Lions, bears in Chicago. I, with this lion's defense, I think putting high lines on them at this point is pretty risky. I'm gonna say Lions favored by six and a half in Detroit. I mean in Chicago. Oh, you get this? I said eight. It's seven. Oh, you're right. I do fucking get It. You get it. You get it, man. Do you not have, have San Francisco? Miami is a, isn't that weird that that's at best a fairly watchable That that game will be awful. No, no. I know, but it's, it's, Their fans don't wanna watch that game. But If I would've told you two was the starter for Miami and Purdy's the starter for San Francisco.


I know. The, the It's a brutal watch. Watch. You just took, You just took two at number one and the bad kid. I know, I know. I'm just saying a month ago, if you would've said this, but they suck. Well, here's another home dog for us. The Jets, because they're gonna be playing the Rams in Giant Stadium. Yeah. The Jets have been moving the ball a little more last, last couple games. Now granted it's 'cause of their opposition, but Right. You know, they're, they're a little, I think Roger's with the Enigma coming out soon, I think he just looks freer and happier. I'm gonna say the Rams by three and a half at the Jets.


And this has all the makings of an everybody loses on the Rams bet. So Yeah, you Get it. I I see JJ picking them right now on the Sunday pregame show. Right. Although I shouldn't talk shit. 'cause I got killed today. West going east McVay. Yeah, they let down maybe a little bit. Need The game. They need the game, bro. They have extra rest. We'll see McVay extra rest the stats and everything. You, you get it. It's three. I said two. Oh, don't blow this. Don't blow this. Rams. Come on. This has all the makings, the Rams, the, the next couple games. Who do they have after this? They have, they, This is all West, right?


N Mc West for them after this. Yeah, they're, they're home for Arizona. Seattle. It's like, all right, we'll take care of the Jets. And then we got Arizona, Seattle and Run. Oh, they're looking and then all of a sudden they're down 10. Nothing. Garrett Wilson had a 90 yard touchdown and Pukas going in the blue tent. Hopefully it doesn't, I'm not gonna win for that. 49 ERs Dolphins in Miami. I, I stared at this one for three minutes. You want another 3 49 ERs by one was where I landed in Miami. Oh, wow. All right. I get this. I said Miami by three. It's Miami by two and a half. Oh Wow. See that's why I knew I was off in some direction.


Man. So mad Atua so mad. I just wanna point out the Dolphins aren't good. Maybe shouldn't be favored by two and a half over any decent team. It's interesting 'cause they showed the DJs record against teams that are above 500. But I feel like Shanahan's getting there to, it's getting there too lately. Hundred days. Well, remember we used to do that as a bit. We did. We absolutely, We did what his career winning percentage was. I might have to, might have to bring that back. Not a bit anymore. Real shit. Yep. I was asking Lombardi 'cause he came up with DJ for dj Mikey Mack for McDonald's. Like Shane Steichen. What, what?


What's his, he, he reminded me. We already came up with Thailand. Shane for Shane Steichen. Oh Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. He's, He's playing Madden on Twitch against somebody in Thailand. He's like, I'm gonna call a double pass reverse. Oh no, I got picked off. Reset poop back FTA four games. There's some really bad games this Week. I know this was a week. That's why today was the day to celebrate and it's great. But yeah, those Saturday games. Screw it Because remember we've already done Raiders, Jags, which is a poop fecta, but I put it in the Lunchables. Yeah. Right. Falcon's home for the Giants. I have Falcons by nine. What do you have? They're good. I said eight. It's 10 and a half. This is gonna be your week.


Eight to five. You're up. I'm gonna try not to watch any of that game. Can We see the Falcons a little first before we make 'em a a 10 and half point favorite? Can we see them Monday night? Sunday might be a, let's not even do a pod. Is that Right? Maybe we just pun. I don't know. Do we even, do we even need to do it? Look at these games. They're terrible. Wow. Well you, you might, you know, you might, the Sunday night game is Tampa Bay, Dallas have a stroke. Colts, Titans another one. I don't really wanna watch any minutes of. I, it's in Indianapolis and I had the Colts favorite by five and a half. That's what I had. It's four and a half mm. Vegas zone right there. Good luck to both of those teams. Yeah, that's Cardinals.


Cardinals. There's some bad ones here. Cardinals at the Panthers. It's another one. Just be careful with this one. My friends. I have Cardinals by three and a half. That's What I had too. Four. It's four and a half Vegas on man. They're throwing how many all games at These are, are Allway. These are all stay Aways. Two Vegas zones in a row. And then I don Dunno if we Could do a pre, by the way, Cleveland Cincinnati's fairly watchable. Hey, Jamis is fairly watchable the rest of the Way. Yeah. I'll move that up. Just, just, I'll move that up to the fairly watch. No good Thanks. Browns are really bad though. Poor Nick Chu broke his foot today. Yeah, that was bad. He, I felt like he broke his wrist the way he was fumbling.


Fumbling that game away. But yeah, this was 2114 when they played in October. I Bengals by six at home over the Brent. I get this. I said seven and a half. It's seven. That's your teaser game. You love it. You love the Bengals. No, I don't put bad teams in Tease. Sunday night also stinks bucks at Dallas. Yeah. Yikes. I won't be depressed Simmons after this game. Thank God. Thank God they didn't beat the Bengal last week. 'cause now I would've been looking at seven and seven. Could they catch Washington? Yeah, you would. Would've would've Been all the scenario. Yeah. You would've been making yourself crazy. So good. McCarthy won. Won his job back though. Yeah. Does that Belichick shadow hanging over him now?


No, that's gonna happen. Yeah. Dumb. Sunday night. Tampa at Dallas. I have Tampa by four and a half. Hmm. I get this. Wait, do I have a chancer? Oh, I'm sure you do because you'd cheat. No I don't. Well first of all I was way off on the Monday but I have, I had three. It's three and a half. Hmm. Too low. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. You're up ten nine. There's one game left. I was off by four points. So you're gonna get it. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6. So we have seven home underdogs next week. Is that right? Yeah. Yeah. Always. Always a red flag. We're gonna get hurt.


I might scale it back. Didn't have a great week this week after an unbelievable run Monday night. Packers, saints, You have a four point cushion. Best, best of luck to you. Thank you. I have Packers by 11 and a half against Saints. Alright. I said eight and a half because I'm an idiot. It's 12 and a half. I guess I should have just said that. 'cause it's never 11 and a half. Right. So you Gonna have a 13 point, you'll have a 13 point teaser with Pittsburgh plus 19 and a half Atlanta over the Giants. You'll figure something out. I can't believe the Seahawks let me down like that.


It just got way out Seahawks By 15 and a half plus 15 and a half. Come on. Couldn't have hit that. Let's do Parent Corner. What do you got? All right. What do I have? Well, a couple things. My oldest is home, came back from Oregon like Thursday night. Right. So first night home, he is not going out with his friends. I'm like, oh, that's cool. They will stay home. We'll watch, we wanna watch Good fellas for the 907th time. He is like, no, let's watch some NBAI was like, oh Jesus. So he's Oh, oh no, he's an n NBA a hole. Listen, he's on the site that this is what he claims. He claims it gives you play money that you can turn into real money, but you can't lose real money.


So he is gamble like it's a, I'm like, all right, I'm not gonna investigate further. I know what you're doing. I invented this shit. It's fine. Yeah. He, he has got like six NBA parlays going. He's live betting all these games. He's like, no, wait till this team. No. If Dallas goes down nine, I'm gonna hit him now. Oh. Like God. It's like my son is like Raheem Palmer. He came home from college. I go let him, he's got a burner room. He's got a burner room. And then like in the NBA you'll, you'll go, there'll be a 19 or two run and you'll be either on the good or the bad side of it. It's amazing. Right. So that was that that, that scared Me a lot. Steve been So proud. Yeah, I was proud and I was terrified at the same time. Yeah. So that's, that's him quickly.


My middle son next Saturday is a great sports day. Now I thought today it was gonna be a great sports day too. But here's what you got Simmons. I know you don't care. College, Tennessee, Ohio State. I do. Alright. The, the football games are gonna be tremendous. Tennessee, Ohio State, Penn State, SMU, Texas. Clemson, we talked about Chiefs, Texans, Steelers, Ravens. Ick versus Fury. It's a Oh, I'm aware. It's a, it's a monster day. Yeah. My guy Is sick. Yes. I wanna just veg out in front of the tv. I wanna lose a ton of money. I wanna drink non-alcoholic eggnog. Whatever I have to do. The problem is my son Jack has a wrestling tournament and he could potentially do well in it. 'cause it's a JV to tournament. Yeah. And it's all day and it's all the fuck.


It's way the fuck somewhere else. And here's the thing, there's 40 kids on the team. Only 13 of them right now don't have ringworm or Emgo. Em. Otago is like a staph infection. You get it from the mat. These schools say they clean the mat, they don't clean the mat. These kids come back sweaty. They don't, they don't shower. Yeah. And they have everybody's dirty sweat closes up And it awful. It's a most disgusting sport you could play. Yeah. It's it is gross. He's one of, he's gonna to wrestling practice. He weighs 1 26. There's so few kids now he's rolling with like a 1 55 pound. I'm like, what's going on here? It's like, so I was like, listen. I told, I was like, I don't ask for much, but I need Saturday.


Oh please, please do what you can to get em. Otago. Please do. Don't tell your mother Can you lick the mat? Yes. Lick. Go all the roll. Stay extra, stay afterwards. Whatever you have to do. And he is looking at me like, I'm like, I'm, I'm, I'm serious. Get ringworm. Do what you can. So I will keep you posted. But I need this boy to get ringworm so I can watch Penn State smu. Here's 200 hours. I want you to lick the mat after practice for three minutes After everyone else lick the mat. Give them each 50. What A sports day that is. You're, you're usy. I'm just beautiful. I'm telling you now I'm putting him in seven parlays with NFL teams. We love it. Every team I like, I'm just putting us so can Yeah.


I just wish we knew how these guys trained. Yeah. Him and Pereira are the two most reliable. It's true combat guys on the planet. I'm just gonna keep doing it until one of 'em loses. Yeah. Maybe Fury's Good under card too. There's a couple. Good. Is there on this? I thought there was at least one good fight before it. My guy s not fighting until January though. Yeah. What happened there? I don He's not even on that great card. I know. Yeah, I know. Anyway, so my daughter's come back from college actually late tonight. And my wife was, was ordering all this food to pick up because we need, my son's a weird eater. My daughter's the weirdest eater ever.


She wanna get food and she's like, you know, the maggots coming home. And we realized that we have nickname, we have nicknames for everyone in my family that happen organically based on eating habits. So we call, we call Zoe the maggot because she's like, she's that one that's like with the, the slice of pizza. You just look down and there's just like the cheese is gone or like there's, there's a piece of sour sourdough toast and just all the stuff around the crust is just gone. You're like, oh the maggot must have gotten it. My wife has always been the rat because it'll be like slice of pizza or bagel on the counter slice and just like a very small, almost imperceptible part of it is missing.


And you're like, I thought that was like a bigger pizza slice. And she's just carefully cut like one eighth of it off. So we always call her the rat, like she rats it up. That's good. And then my son is the raccoon 'cause he like never eats and then he goes downstairs everyone's asleep at like 1130 and just starts, you know, all of a sudden all this food's gone. You're like, oh my god, the fucking raccoon got in the kitchen again. Yeah. So then I was like, so what's my nickname then? Yeah. And she's like, you're just like a bear. You're just eat a lot and then you sleep. And I was like, I feel like that's insulting. I'm just the bear. Yeah. Hell yeah. And I'm not, it's not like I'm like a, but I guess that's how it, 'cause I have like big, you know, I, I don't eat a lot and then I'll have a big dinner.


So she said I'm the bear. You're the bear. I guess I'm the bear. I didn't put Tell you want a second opinion? Yeah, that's, I wanna say I feel like that's, can it be like a panda or I don dunno what I Yeah you have to be a specific bear or something's. What's an animal that just kind of basically that snacks during the day once or twice and then has like a big dinner. That's whatever animal I am. Right. I don't know who that is. And Is the clogger taken? You can't Tell. Clock is, yeah. Alright. So our fridge is like, you know, my daughter comes home and there's like four different coffee made creamers 'cause she likes to make these homemade lattes that she drinks two sips of. So all of a sudden the fridge has like this thing, my son has all the weird food heats and it's just like a free for all.


So anyway, it's good to be back. The sip. It's family is back, everyone's home. Six refrigerators for different animals. Stuff's crammed in. There's coffee made on top of like, you know, my son's kelp noodles. I don dunno what's going on here. So You're gonna get Ingo drinking all those coffee mates, that's for sure. Did you see It's very possible. Did you see Evil Jason Bateman and carry on yet? No, I haven't seen it. I I heard we're on a text when you were discussing it. He's so evil. He's evil. What'd say he should once while he goes evil, He should get off the poster. Well he was evil in Ozark, right? I said he wasn't on the poster.


I didn't know he was in the movie. Oh. I started watching And it was like, there's Jason Bateman. It's like you didn't tell me Jason Bateman was in this. That feels like it's a big deal. It's definitely Him. Huh? Maybe he didn't, I don like it. Maybe he didn't wanna know. I'm Gonna have to check it out. I got a bunch of MyQ, I end up watching dumb shit like the New York Stack Exchange. The, the Mark Gaston. I listened to him carry on for an hour and a half. But anyway. Did you watch that documentary? 'cause I, I didn't watch it. Yeah. I'm like 40 minutes in. I just, I can't get enough of that nonsense. Yeah, I don't, can't say when I was there for 30, for 30 that the Jet sack exchange was on any of the master list for ideas. Just leave it at that.


All right, so what do you gotta plug anything? Oh yeah, through The Ringer with Tate on Wednesday by the way. The kids breaking news left and right for on that show he on December 4th, it can only say so much. He was instrumental in getting this thing going with with Lombardi and I thought he was gonna be there as like the, the athletic director, North Carolina. I think they offer you, you should be careful. I think they offer him some kind of ambassadorship or something like to help with the culture or something. But yeah, it's good for him though. I mean this is good. This worked out great for you, right? Like, 'cause he retires a Patriot. He's not gonna go three years with UNC and then end up with Seattle. Right. So that's it. He's a Patriot. It worked Out great. It's way better than that because with him and Lombardi as a combo and I don't have a college football team.


So now like I actually have a college football team I would genuinely care about. Awesome. I'll bet on they're over. I'll put bets in so I care even more. I'm gonna be all in. I'll wear it. They're They're gonna be good. I was looking at hats on fanatics. I couldn't find the right hat. I gotta find the right hat and it, because it feels like it's gotta be like the light blue with just the logo. But I couldn't find one that I liked. It's Gotta say the Bear and then UNCR Bear. We gotta see it. Listen the bear, listen I went an hour and 20 minutes and then mention the ring. A pregame show. I'm 13 and two with my wisest wager. Good. Good job by me. I had the Ravens come on. Yeah, We'd been going 80 minutes and you didn't bring this up. It's a lot. So you had the Ravens just straight, straight up. You wanted to put 'em in a teaser.


You're like, will it get to 14? Can I teaser? I like just take 16 and a half. It's fine. It's good. They, I get so worried with those games where you cannot come up with a single incentive for the heavily favorite team to take the other team even care in the game. Oh, I see. That's what I get worried awful by. I just like, just sit in them in the locker room before the game. Like fuck we gotta fucking play the Giants. The Giants want this first pick so bad. They want, they want it so bad. So that's it. Cousin Als winning weekend on Friday and against All Odds twice a week. We're 12 and four with our NBA picks. The only place you need to go on Ringer. If you wanna make money betting hoops. There you go. You know the Giants got Sanders. That would be super fun. Yeah, Go Vegas or the Giants I just think is just for us for people who want content.


Right. Just watching. That would be fun. That Mara just watching Mara and reading about him. I don't know if he wants to Put up with the, the whole Sanders family shit. Yeah, I don't think so. I think he, I think that's a Cam Ward team to be honest. Do you th where would you play Hunter receiver or cornerback? I think it's fun if the Patriots get 'em, why do you have to only give him two options? They could do anything. Make him a running back. Do you know isn't what makes him special that in college he can do both sides. But in the pros that's completely unrealistic. That's gonna be, that's gonna be the issue. Right. But I don't know Dion himself played wide receiver and you know D back, so maybe it could happen.


It would seem like the move would be to play him a cornerback and then bring him in for like third down and eights basically gadget plays or like special gadget plays and yeah, almost using him like the old Percy Harvin kind of model. Yeah and I think he's fine. You should watch it. Did you watch his acceptance speech? I think you'll, you'll get on his case. You see it's four and a half minutes. Just do it. It's better than Jason Bateman. I'm over. Yeah it's good. Better than Jason Bateman and Karen. Well I didn't, I can't compare it. I didn't see. Yeah because good job by you. Great to see you as always. Thanks to Kyle Creighton. Thanks to Steve Saru. And then we didn't have GA how today but Richter, John Richter.


John Richter got re watchable coming on on Monday night. We did the gambler ironically with Mark Wahlberg. Oh you sound of a bitch. That's a good one. Yeah. And then we'll be back next week Sal. Good job. Bye. You see later. Good job. Bye. You buddy. Thanks everybody On.