
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book and they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game, even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus on President select states' game prom. Call one GAMBLER. Visit RG help com.


Coming up, I'm gonna talk to Zach Lowe about playoff basketball or the Celtics and OKC in trouble.


Next, this episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This Mental Health Awareness month, let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out Better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists. They can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit Better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HEL p.com/ Bill Simmons.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where last night we put up one of the biggest re watchable episodes that we've ever done. We did Star Wars, the one from 1977 that they now call Star Wars Chapter four in New Hope or whatever the hell they say. I call it Star Wars. I grew up with that movie, never really loved it, but I dove into it. And I gotta say, you know, I'm in my fifties. Star Wars won me over. It took this long. It was me, van Lathan, Sean Fantasy, and Chris Ryan. We went for two parts. We went for almost three and a half hours. You can watch it on Ringer movies, you can watch it as a video podcast on Spotify. And I thought it was one of the most fun episodes we've ever done. We even the blind called it Ow Category worked 'cause it picked up. So we got Sillas take on Star Wars as well. So you can Check that out wherever you get your re watchable podcast


Coming up right now. I was gonna tape with Zach Lowe about Towns of Ingas and then last night the games were so freaking good. We just said, screw it. We went live on YouTube and I talked to Zach Lowe about the NBA.


Speaking of the NBA on FanDuel. We are doing a tale or fade concept that we had that we tried last week. I pick a player prop on Wednesday's games. You decide whether you wanna tail it or fade it and you get a big profit boost either way. So I think we're gonna do SGA scores. 30 plus points in game two is going to be the player prop. So check out FanDuel and you can check out the odds for that and apply your profit boost as well.


All right, without further ado, here's Zach Lowe and without further ado, here's Pearl Jam. Alright, we are impromptu live because we were taping the BS podcast with Zach Lowe. It is nine o'clock Pacific. And I said to Zach, why don't we just go live for the people that are on YouTube that just want my panic Celtics reaction after one game.


I'm actually not that panicked, but we have an incredible Monday night. We had this whole other plan that we're gonna do for, that we're still gonna do at the end of this, but was not expecting all the basketball yesterday. Two fantastic games. I wanna talk about the Celtics first, but which team is, should be more panicked right now. Celtics are OKC in your opinion. I, I'm, I don't think either. Okay, let's be clear. I don't think either should be panicked. I'm going to say Celtics should be a little more worried only because the Hauser injury, we don't, you know, he, he turned his ankle or whatever and he's been a zero so far in the playoffs.


Yeah. And the Pingus weirdness just keeps right on rolling. Like I don't, it, it it, this has been a strange season. He didn't play the second half. He has an illness again. And so you take those two guys and put question marks beside them for game two and you're just sort of running low on guys. So I don't think either should be all that worried, but I, I guess, I guess I'll inflict you with a little more panic instead of the Celtics. So the case for the Celtics is what you laid out specifically the Pingus piece because you go into this series and you go, all right, am I getting a healthier, relatively healthy zenas? I know I'm getting a healthy same hazard. Well, he gets hurt and then what am I getting from Jalen?


Where is he? And then also, how much am I getting from Drew? 'cause Drew had this hamstring, well, drew actually looked, I thought really good. He seems healthy. Zenas looked terrible in the first quarter, like alarming, like texting people, like, what's going on with Zenas? Then we never see him again. And he has this mystery illness that I've never gotten a real answer for what it is. And then they lose Hauser too. So all of a sudden now you're basically down to six guys. The counter would be, they got every shot they wanted for 45 minutes basically, right? They, they missed a record amount of threes. Nobody has ever missed 41 threes in a playoff game. They missed 45. There was some crazy stats this morning about how open those threes were, how lost towns looked on the defensive rotations.


So I'm sure Missoula is like, look, we just, this is gonna happen sometimes we're gonna miss shots. Can't we can't panic. Don't change who we are. With that said, I hated the last couple Tatum shots in regulation. That to me that's the worst of the Celtics when they're just settling, they're playing with their food, they're letting the shot cock go down and they're not attacking a team that just doesn't have rim protection. And there's specifically that, that last possession with what 20 seconds left. Tatum's diddling around the top. He gets Robinson on Diddling, diddling Diddling. He's diddling in the top, gets down to seven seconds. It's wide open. All he do is go by Mitchell Robinson. I'm pretty sure he could do that.


And he's gonna be able to get to the ri and kick out and he doesn't do either. And he settles for this 28 footer, misses it, and then Brunson should have won the game and he missed his shot and he makes all the time. I, I couldn't believe he missed that shot. I, I screamed in my seat that he, that when he missed that shot out of pure shock. Yeah, I highlighted, I mean look, what were they, 15 or 60? I highlighted there, there were a several that I just thought were lazy subtle shots. Three that I, I highlighted in particular where that one at the end of regulation over Mitchell Robinson where like just, just go to the baskets. Tie game like get fouled, go to the basket. Yeah. Nine good things can happen. One bad thing can happen is you take a step back against the seven footer.


Derek White had one in the middle of the third quarter where he drew Brunson on a switch and just kind of dribbled around and hoisted a three from the top of the arc and miss. And it's like cool, like it's Brunson, I get it. You're hunting Brunson but hunt with the right guys and Tatum's in one corner and Jaylen's in another corner doing nothing. The entire possession just sort of an endless one. And then I thought late in the game, they missed a three, got an offensive rebound and Drew jacked that left corner three that just felt rushed to me. Like just to set settle like You don, you're, I know you're behind at that point, I can't remember what the margin was but like there's three and a half minutes left like this crazy left corner, three tough angle right off and offensive rebound. So there were a few of those for sure. Whoa. And the Knicks succeeded because they got the game in the last five minutes, which is where you wanna be against the Celtics in a close game.


'cause they're gonna, they might get a low three happy and their five guys looked really good together down the stretch except for towns on defense who just seemed lost for most of the game. But I thought that was the best. And, and Obi certainly against the Celtics game, one of the better games I've seen him play. And, and you know, the, the reality is he was the best wing in the game. I mean, I thought He was putting him versus Tatum and Brown. Like he was easily the best guy out of those four. I thought he was the best player in the game. If you wanna say Brunson because of the late game. Threes over Horford fine and Enobi made every shot they needed him to make and defensively he was like everywhere. And I tweeted this after the game last night, you know, look, the shooting lucky is obviously huge and the numbers buried out this morning.


This was the, the Knicks were lucky that Boston missed so many threes and so many good threes but it on maybe. So they missed 45 threes on maybe like eight to 10 of them or, or even shots that didn't become threes. The combination of Enobi and Bridges with a little bit of heart just kind of shading into the paint, helping, recovering, making Tatum and Brown like sea arms and bodies. And then there are like three or four plays where there was one in particular I'm thinking of where Tatum had the ball on a mismatch up top or no, Jalen had the ball on a mismatch up top and an obs on Tatum on the right wing. He begins to slide over toward the middle of the floor to show Jalen another body.


And then Bridges I think has to zone up between Tatum on the wing and Derrick White in the corner. And that's when like Boston has you, you're dead. There's so much shooting there. Brown kicks the ball to Tatum. An Obie like rushes in this furious closeout bridges like stunts a little bit off Derek White. So they run Tatum off the first three Tatum hits white, correct pass in the right corner. White decides I'm going to backdoor cut and drive this into the lane instead of taking a three misses a pretty tough layup like it's a shot he should make, but it's at least tough and like those are the margins that the Knicks are playing with when they help like that, right? And they helped really well and it's a great battle against a great offense. And they won enough of them last night.


Some of it was good Knicks defense, but the, the more I, I re-watched a lot of the missed threes this morning. I looked at the tracking data numbers. I think luck definitely outweighs Nick's great defense in terms of like, why did the Celtics miss all those threes? They also shot badly from two as well. They didn't shoot well from anywhere. Yeah, Dan Greenberg had a, he had a, a post with four photos of layups, the Celtics mist where you just look at and you're like, especially that Jalen Breen, Le Jalen Brown lefty, the holiday layup under the basket. They had a couple of those. Chris Forsberg had the NBA tracking 56 bust and 63 pointers were open or better, which means you have at least four plus feet of space, right?


So they, they shot on wide open threes, there were seven for 24. Usually they're 41% on those. And then on the open threes they were seven for 32, which was 22%. So Missoula's gonna look at all that stuff and say, we always make those shots, were fine. The the thing that Nicks did to them a few times, especially as it got into nut crunch time, there were scrambling, there were shots late at the shot clock shots, shot clock exploration plays. And that was about as frazzled as I've seen the Celtics from a crunch time thing that I think a big piece of it, we just gotta be transparent. Like Jaylen's not the Jalen from last playoffs.


He's not as athletic and as kind of run you over as he as he was last year, like at the, the, the Jalen in the Dallas series last year. It's a different version of him. He's clearly not a hundred percent. And he was, I thought bad last night and he couldn't make a three. And I, I just think he was easily out of all the wings plus heart, he was the fifth, I think the fifth out of those five guys. And that's almost more alarming to me than Zenga. 'cause this is, is this is the level he's gonna be at with his knee. The Knicks have a chance in the series. Ironically he looked okay playing bully ball in the paint. Like it wasn't as for him as it had been, but the threes like one of 10 from three.


He He didn't have the same lift. Right. That just a lot Of them were short. Yeah. Like it just like kind of, it's like when Kawai doesn't seem like he's a hundred percent healthy and all of a sudden his lift just drops by a whiff. So that part whereas me and then the Pingus piece, they've been dealing with this all year. He played 42 games and it's been a question all years. Is he gonna show up and what version are we getting? He did not look good other than I think one defensive game against Orlando. I did not think he looked in that Orlando series and he was awful last night. Like, like as we discussed. So it Feels like he's missed every three in the playoffs for the, I mean I I know he's made some against Orlando, but he is not shooting. Well I, I do, I wanna mention one thing you mentioned end of shock lock possessions.


Yeah. That the Celtics had two things on that. Number one, we all know what you're doing on every possession. You're finding Kat and you're finding Brunson and you're putting one or both of them in actions that bring them into contact with Tatum and Brown and their cool set plays with all that. We all know what you're doing. You know what you're doing. The Knicks know what you're doing, the fans know what you're doing. Lucky the leprechaun knows what you're doing. Can you just start doing it before there's 12 seconds on the shot clock? Right? Like just too many possessions. They just fritter away the first half of the shot clock. The more time you have when you start that first action, the more chances you give the Knicks to make mistakes or miss a rotation or whatever. And the second thing I wanna give the Knicks a lot of credit when you get into scramble mode and the Celtics will put you into scramble mode, whether you're switching, not switching and the Knicks switch a lot more last night, your entire goal is a defense becomes just make the offense make one more pass.


Right. Make one more play. And yeah, sometimes that led to they make another play and another play and another play and it's a pretty good layup that the Celtics happen to bonk or sometimes it's a, a fly by where the first three they have to pump fake and wait for you to fly by and then they shoot another one and their rhythm is okay, but not quite the same. And they got lucky on the Celtics missing a lot of those shots. Yeah. But they made the Celtics make one more play and two more plays a lot particularly late in the game. And you got, you gotta give 'em credit for that. It was, they were flying flying on defense. Well and we didn't mention Josh Hart yet in, in the right way because I thought in, Hmm. My battery saver just went on.


What's going on? This is a lot of live YouTube drama here. Yeah. Oh my God. Am I gonna have to carry this solo? Just, just fill in, start doing so, so start tap dancing. What's going on here? Josh Hart as they were coming back, I just thought he, he was everywhere and even it said he only had 11 rebounds. It felt like he had his hands on 28 of them and it just felt like he was always tipping stuff or he was around or he, you know, just was in the mix over and over and over and over again. And I thought he was, because the Celtics, it was the se they were 17 and I think they were like seven for 30 from three or so, something terrible. And it's like, man, if we're up 17 shooting like this, this is gonna be a really short series.


And then I thought Hart and an Nobie specifically kind of took control of that comeback and then Brunson did the rest and we didn't even talk about those three, those threes Brunson made. You could hear that. That sound, the crowd makes that Uhoh sound like, oh boy. You know, which is reserved for a rare small collection of players. And once he got into that zone you could feel it. You could feel like, oh this is bad. How, how annoyed were you? You personally, I just mean you personally. How? Not me, you, Reggie Miller's just cackling delight over how much he loves Jalen Brunson and Jalen Brunson's the best closer in the game. The four score they got the like 10 times he called him the best fourth quarter player in the game.


The collection award winner. Like I could and I could feel you like, okay Reggie, we get it. We you love him, you love him, we get it. I like, I like Bretton. It's, he's a hard, definitely a hard guy to root against 'cause he's such an overachiever. But when I hear that I'm just like, YOIC is in the league. We can't just hand somebody as as this person is the best person at the end of the game when Yoic is at the level he is at right now. If you went and ironically OKC was the next game and it's like I'm pretty sure Yoic is just as good in the clutch and I feel like he's gonna make the right decision every time too. Can I talk about Josh Hart real quickly since you brought him up?


Super fun game for him and the Celtics predictably put poor Zingus on him to start the game and put Tatum on towns, which is what they've done every Knicks game. Which is why this game felt in terms of experiencing it live, watching it live. One of the Stranger Games I can remember because at halftime it felt like standard issued Nick Celtics like I've seen this game a bunch of times. The Celtics are winning by a lot, they're doing all the things that annoyed the Knicks and give them problems. And you just were like, I guess this is how the series is gonna go. Well guess like this is exactly what we expected. And then it completely flips on its head. Hart was active setting screens because he had their centers on him and I thought Missoula made a mistake late in the game.


And I put, I have it in my notes, I thought he should've switched Horford onto Hart much sooner than he did instead of keeping him on Kat and getting at Brunson Cat pick and roll, which they just switched and Horford ends up on Brunson. You could do that with Hart if you want. I don't think they would switch if they were on Hart. So I thought he kept them on on Cat a little too long. By the way, Josh Hart footnote from Detroit game six, just footnote forgotten footnote. Second quarter of that game, Nick's pistons are on a run. Nicks are walking up the floor, they're clearly calling a timeout. Like Josh Hart has been instructed to call a timeout. Tibs is complaining on the bench about what whatever and Josh Hart sees everybody stop playing and just aborts the plan.


Drives into traffic, draws a foul. Two free points. Yeah. That the Knicks would otherwise not have gotten in a game. They won by a Brunson shot at the end of the game. I texted Josh Hart after the game and I was like, dude name did you, I was like, did you do the fake time out and steal two points in a game? You guys won by three And he texted somebody back like yeah, LOLI was about to call Time Out but I saw nobody was playing tho That's a Josh Hart play. That's like a heady and it mattered. They won the game by three points. I don't know if anyone even like took note of it during the game. Yeah, this is the dream game for Josh Hard other than he was one for five from three because this is a kryptonite guy for the Celtics for how they're composed this undersized dude that you kind of, you have to just leave him open.


But when you leave him open, he's basically doing the Drew Holiday version of what Drew Holiday does, multiplied by three and just he's around, he's annoying. The Celtics are not a great rebounding team. They're like a team rebounding. Team Tatum's probably the best rebounder on the team. And that's the kind of team heart. They, they don't have the, the duren on the team, you know, they, they, so he was, I thought all over the place just being frisky and annoying and I mean Anna Obie finished with 29 points and he was 6 4 11 from three. I'm not sure he could play better than that, but I thought what was notable was he was carrying himself like he was as good as those guys. So you, so there, there's a recipe in place because the other thing that's alarming, I mean they played 51 for bridges, 45 for heart, 43 Brunson 45 in an Obie, which is just like, this is just what this is at this point.


But they seemed healthier and fresher than the Celtics. Right? Tatum? Tatum seemed fine. Drew was moving good white, but for the most part, you know, you got Horford out there playing huge minutes 'cause poor Ingas can't play. Horford ends up at 34. I thought because this, this became your kind of game where it was like, all right, the Knicks wanna get Brunson on Horford, the Celtics wanna get Tatum on towns and that's just what we're gonna do for the last five minutes of the game. We want this match, you want this match. I was wondering if Missoula would go super small with Tatum at the five and put Pritchard out there instead of Horford. Do you think that was in play?


Maybe where, maybe because, because then now you're switching now I guess you would hunt Pritchard in that scenario with Brunson Maybe. I think I like that matchup more for the Celtics than Horford. Yeah, I mean I, you know, Houser's injury leaves you one perimeter guy short, so you're really stretching all the guys you have left to play that lineup. But I, I don't think that's a bad, I don't think that's a bad lineup by the way you said Tatum looked fine. It did look fine. Seven of 23, 4 15 from three. It just has to make more. It was bad more shots. He it was a, yeah it was a play with the food settle game and everyone who's watched A Celtics team the last couple years, they've watched the team goes up between 17 and 25 in the third quarter and then for whatever reason it, it just drops and they'd go too slow.


And we've seen it, we've seen it 50 times. Yeah. Again, the only thing that was different about this Nick Celtics game for a half than the other four they've played is that the Knicks switched with towns so often. And I get why they're trying to be the magic. They're trying to do what the magic did to depress the Celtics three point volume spoiler. They did not. And the risk of it was made very clear right away is towns getting in foul trouble and he got in foul trouble into his credit, he stayed outta fo fell trouble did. Yeah. And this every, there was a lot of guys all night in i in both games in foul trouble. And I, I do wonder what level of switching we're gonna see with towns in game two.


'cause it's an interesting risk reward that I don't really think paid off for the Knicks. Yeah. Michael p wrote about that for The Ringer that they basically just emulated the Orlando strategy and towns in particular. There were, there were plays where he just was kind of wandering around like, like a drunk guy leaving the bar at two in the morning and the Celtics were just trying to find him so they could torture him. But listen, what Orlando did, that's basically you're forcing the Celtics into the play with your food strategy. I'm not super nervous yet. I, I don't know why, but I just feel like everything went right down the stretch for the Knicks in that game. And the Celtics just, it was a weird game. The Jalen Brown thing makes me more nervous than the Pingus thing.


'cause I, I think they can win without poor Zynga this series long term. I don't know if they can win four rounds, but if Jaylen's gonna be, you know, he was seven for 20, he's one for 10 from three and I just don't think, feel like athletically he looks like he did. I think you're underselling the pingus thing. It they're just such a different team with I Know, but I wasn't counting on it. You know, you weren't Counting on, alright, life is much harder for Towns was a bonus if poor Zingus is in the game. Oh, no question. But to me Pingus is a bonus, you know, when you miss half the season and you look like you did in the le in the last series. Like, you know that though though, where I was thinking about is can they get him right if they get through the Knicks to this next round?


Because you come off that Knicks piston series and you're like, all right, they barely beat, you know, a a, a Pistons team that doesn't have half as much talent as A Celtics. Like, come on, listen, one of the great Knicks wins in a while. I know a lot of Knicks fans, I don't think they're high, the hopes were super high, but the Brunson piece of it, the fact that this guy can be this great at the end of games, really, you feel like you have a punchers chance and this would be, you know, if they could somehow do this, this would be a phenomenal, phenomenal upset, right? That, I mean they would, the Celtics were, I think they started out minus 1000 for the series.


I think they ended up like minus 800. And I think the general feeling was that the Knicks were gonna lose and tips was gonna get fired. So now doors open, who the hell knows? I picked Celtics in five. I've actually been higher than consensus on the Knicks this year. I mean, I, when the Knicks were Owen whatever against all the best teams in the NBAI was, you know, talking to people around the league. I'm like, I, I still kind of like this team Just raw talent wise. I think they're a, a more dangerous playoff team than their record, but I just hated this matchup for them. Yeah, it was really just about the matchup and how badly it's gone. And it's so fun because we get to live in this moment right now where we're three games into the second round and for at least the next 36 hours, everything feels like it's been flipped on its head and everything's in play.


All the favorites are down. Oh one like, who knows? Yeah, we could get to 72 96 hours from now and ev order is restored. But right now this is like a fun, a fun place to live. Last thing I'll say, and then we'll move on to the OKC game. Tatum, who I think has been spectacular and has been playing the best he is ever played. And I thought he was awesome in the Orlando series and just in general is a two-way guy. And as a dominant kind of bully force really went to another level. I don't know if it was a full step up, but it was somewhere between 50 and 75% a step up and you could just watch it day in, day out. I thought yesterday was not a good game for him at all. And I'm really interested to see how he responds because that was three years ago.


Tatum watching him and they need him to be the best player in this series to win. And maybe basketball. I was, I was thinking about this actually, maybe we just overthink all of basketball. Maybe it just comes down to who's, who has the best player, who's gonna play the best in the series? And that's just all we should look at. Maybe that's what the Denver OKC series is. Maybe that's just gonna come down to who's gonna be better Yoko, your SGA and that's it. Well, Ironically, Be the best guy. Ironically this was the, it was not, I was not skeptical about Boston last year. I picked him to win the championship, but that was the source of whatever skepticism remained about Boston was, well they're gonna face Philly and not have the best player. They're gonna face Milwaukee and not have the best player they're gonna face Dallas in the finals or Denver in the finals.


Right. Not have the best player. And not have the best player. And it turned out they were just the best team. And Tatum outplayed some of those guys when given the opportunity to do it or was at, was at their level at least. So it's, it's funny to, to bring that up now in conjunction with Brunson and, and Tatum Brunson was great and Adobe was great and this is gonna be a fun series, hopefully. Well, the other piece of this now is the Knicks have three home games and if they take care of business in all three, they advance to the next round and everybody's gonna talk about how incredible and amazing and awesome that crowd's gonna be. And it will be. But I also feel like this Celtics team in some ways, I, I trust the more of the road. I don't know what happens to them at home, especially when they have these big leads and their energy just kind of dips.


But the game's gonna be incredible. The tickets I think are gonna be for this series, probably the hardest Knicks tickets since 1999, right? Since the finals. Yeah. I've had, I've had friends ask me about tickets and like, people don't understand, like, I can't get you tickets. I don't get tickets. Right. When I go to games, I get press passes and I've had like, I've a family friend who really wanted to go and I'm like, you can go buy tickets, good luck. They're gonna, I bet it's gonna be like a thousand dollars to get in the door, like for upper, upper deck seats. Oh, it'll be, I, so what I was hearing from the Celtics side was it was finals level to get in the door just even for the game one. Wow. Like that's how hard it was. Nicks is even harder. And then it has the added thing of the Adam sober James Dolan, whatever is happening there.


And you know, I think the Knicks take as many tickets as they as possible and give 'em to whoever they want. And just in general, I think for the demand versus, oh yeah, I can help you out. There's no I can help you out with these Knicks games anymore. It all comes down to Dolan because he controls everything and the Dolan Adam silver thing is just bizarre. This is the, this is the feud that everybody in the link talks about, but nobody actually talks about out loud, right? I mean, Well you're doing it right now. Stories have been written about it. No, but I mean, like This, Dolan writes angry James Dolan writes Angry Correspondences frequently. I I Think it's way angrier and weirder. Like at this point he's just the dissenting vote and, and basically any chance he can get, he's gonna do it and it's just gotten super weird.


So that's this other variable of this, but Boston, New York. Amazing.


All right, we are in full swing with the NBA playoffs and there is no better place to be part of the action then FanDuel America's number one sports book. If you think you know how everything's gonna go down in these playoffs, you can do the hump Day parlay profit boost, weekly parlay specials tied to top point scores, double doubles and more every Wednesday. It is your shot at a bigger payout at no extra cost. And don't forget about my tailor fade on Wednesdays where I think we're doing SGA 30 plus points. You can tailor it, you can fade it and you get a profit boost either way. If you're right, don't just be a spectator this season. Head to FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book can make every moment more you Must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus and president in DC opt-in required bonus issued as non-controllable profit Boost tokens, restrictions, supply, including any token expiration of max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.founder.com. Game problem call win hundred GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by degree original, cool rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really mad when degree changed their cool rush formula. One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well, guess what degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush scent. And thank God you've gotta love what a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some, find out why it's been the number one men's antiperspirant for the last decade. And by the way, you should put that on. Especially, we're about to hit the summer, it's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree cool rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


I think OKC should be more nervous than the Celtics. And here's why that game yesterday, it reminded me a little of of I know we're not supposed to care. What's it called now? The Commissioner cup? The The Emirates. It's the Emirates. The Emirates Cup. Emirates Cup and Milwaukee kind of kicked their ass in the last game. And it's like, this means nothing but eh, just let to file it away. Like there was, I'm Sure by the way, I'm sure Milwaukee fans can look back at that and, and, and say themselves. Today we had a great, you know what, great season, great season. We won the Emirates Cup. Awesome season. Everything after that didn't matter. Put the Banner Up, But that game there was a big bully on the other side.


And then OKC fell behind and it just became shaa and is anybody else gonna help me? And then nobody was helping him. And the game yesterday, which it felt like OKC was gonna win for 44 minutes and then Denver just hung around. They hung around. They hung around and Yoic was, I I I mean that was an all timer from him, but as it got closer and closer and it just became Shea, anybody else, is anybody else gonna do anything? And they just seemed, they seemed young. They got out rebounded by 20, they got a really good Shea game. They got an unexpectedly good Caruso game. I mean, statistically they got 20 points from Caruso, but they just gave up a monster Denver game and Denver's down to five guys and they're, they're a little like the Knicks.


They're like, here are five and maybe we'll get 15 minutes outta Peyton Watson. Wait, Who, who's the, are you counting Russ as the fifth or Porter Jr As the fifth I, because I think Porter's like legitimately hurt and then, you know, they, people have been kind of talking about it and whispering about it. But I think Porter What gave, what gave away, he's playing a, a foot that he's wearing a football shoulder pad during games. Is that what gave away Gave people after the games to help him take off his jersey. Like there's, he's legitimately hurt and I don't know what they can count on from him. So they're down to five plus injured Porter plus like a whiff of Peyton Watson and a whiff of Deandre Jordan. Then that's their team and they don't care. Julian Straw, their cameo last night I got really excited. The f that's like all they're gonna give him a shot and then beat three at the end.


Didn't see him. We didn't see him in the second, we didn't see him in the second half. Can I give you a crazy stat? What The lineup, the start Denver starting lineup with Russ in Michael Porter Jr's place is now plus 42 in 75 minutes in the playoffs and has attempted 31 more free throws than the opponent in those 75 minutes. That is like an insane free throw differential. And that that the, it has a 40% offensive rebounding rate and like an 85% defensive rebounding rate. So it's just pounding the crap out of other teams getting to the line, winning on the boards. It's a monster number of that lineup, which is really shooting challenge.


They found ways around it. I thought Russ was awesome as a cutter yesterday, which they're gonna have to be on point on their cuts, but we gotta talk. We got dis discussion has to start with Mark Dold. It has to start with OKC blowing that game at the end, blowing a challenge, which I didn't mind so much and screwing up the fouling up three strategy. They did it too early and then when Yoic was out of the game and they could not bring him back into the game to bail Denver out with a foul up three with 10 seconds left, Took 0.1 seconds off the clock And yoic off the floor and give David Adam a chance to bring Yoic back into the game. I wonder if Aman with no timeouts takes Yoic out for defense.


They screw up the out of bounds play anyway and Shea gets a dunk out of it to put Oklahoma City back up by three. I wonder if he thought even if they score here, they're gonna foul and I'm gonna be able to bring Yoic back into the game. But I like, I I don't know if it, if he was playing chess or if he made a mistake and the thunder made an even worse mistake to bail him out of it. I hated that. I'm a foul up three guy but not that early. The best Is the support group for this. Do you have like a club? Is it a Facebook group? I like it like eight seconds is about my marker where I'm like, I'm cool foul up three or if the, or if the offense just gives you a chance, they're dribbling around with their back to the basket and there's someone convenient to foul too early and not when the best player on the floor is out of the game.


Like effectively played outta the game. I couldn't believe they fouled in that situation. And I think Dagal after the game said that's my fault. I told them to foul. I took the blame for it. Not agreed, but You left out one piece, they fouled the guy 70 feet from the basket. Yeah. Instantaneously. Why not let him dribble 40, 40 feet, kill three seconds And then foul. So even as you're saying no one came along for the ride with Shay, Chet misses two free throws, a putback dunk and a fast break. Dunk J Dub is five of 20 or whatever he ends up as was it five of five of 20 Even as you're saying that they still had the game and they still blew the game with bad clock management and, and like rare. You and I both think he's a top three coach in the NBA rare bad coaching game for Mark Dagal.


I was one of only two people out of a hundred that voted him for the best coach of the year. You know what I feel by, have you Found the other, have you found the other one yet? I'm Not gonna be bullied into group think votes. I thought I they team won 68 games and and was missing one of their two centers for half of the season Or season. You gotta find who, you gotta find who the other one was and have a little have why? Why did we Just decide it was Kenny Atkinson? I still don't understand that part. I thought were cases from both sides Because they won 64 games or whatever it was. His team was awesome. Looked like a co looked like a completely different, I think he looked like a completely different team stylistically. Oh because Darris Garland's face wasn't broken. 'cause Mobley is a year older 'cause Mitchell resigned and knew he was gonna be there because Ty Jerome was awesome.


Like, I don't know Man. Do you, do you have a photo of Dagal hanging buck up in that background somewhere? It's like, Might I do, I used to do this with Popovich too. I don't like for some reason if you're too successful from a team standpoint, then you somehow get penalized as a coach. Like the sweet spot is, there has to be a jump in wins from a year before to the year after. Like he made a doka got more votes than Dagal. Dagal won 68 games. They beat everybody anyway. And yet what are we gonna talk about now? Well he screwed up but it was a two part screw up. It's whether you, you you foul with Yage on the floor is one piece. But then the other piece is when you fouled and that you didn't rip off foul him was six seconds left or seven seconds left.


There were so many great things about that stretch down the, the last three Yage, the bully ball, jump hook on Caruso was just like, there's just nobody, nobody does that. There's nobody who's like, oh you have this, I'm at the top of the key. I'm just going to work you down 15 feet and then score on you. But then the other one, that three he had over Hartenstein the where he was like doing the pump fake faint pump, fake, faint and hartenstein iss like, you know he's what six 11? He didn't have like a huge mar bar and he just fucking drained it right in his face. Tough shot. And then the next play they, they do the right thing.


They triple team him. He finds Russ, Russ is open by 12 feet Mrs. Gordon gets the rebound and somehow didn't score. And then it felt like okay he had the game and then of course they didn't. Well Yoic has the same superpower as Brunson, just differently sized players, which is all these teams wanna help when you get deep into the paint. They wanna save their help for late and they are elite shooters from 11 to 13 feet, 11 to 15 feet, which is a very awkward spot on the floor. And that, that basket you mentioned over Caruso after they switched I one adjustment for the Thunder I think is you just gotta help more aggressively and sooner just force him to force him to make that pass to Russ. Yeah, or Christian Brown or whoever.


'cause he's gonna make 60% of those 12 foot shots. He doesn't see Alex Caruso, he feels 'em 'cause you feel Alex Caruso but he doesn't see 'em and, but that he's just their, that's their superpower. They make those baskets one-on-one from a range where teams are not ready to just swarm yet. I think you got a swarm swarm That was game four Clipper series Yoic in that game too. He was an absolute animal. And the, you know, that clip that went viral today of him just screaming at the entire huddle and and everyone's just like staring at him like they're watching a UFO. Like he has complete command of the entire bench. He, I mean 42 and 22 and six assists in a game.


They put that list up of the guys who have done that and it was not a long list and it was all the, some of the best players in the history of the league. I felt like I've watched him do have a game like that 12 times this year. It wasn't like, it was like, whoa, this is a career game from Yoic. I was watching it going, I wonder what OKCs move is here because Chet who I think is awesome, I think he's a top 20 trade asset, didn't seem big enough against him. And then Hartstein well He's not, I mean we all knew that going, he's, I was, I was really, He felt it watching. I was very surprised that they started with Chet on Yoic and Hartenstein on Gordon. I thought they would go the other way around.


Obviously like the true sort of what the Wolves did with Rudy Gobert, Hartenstein on Yoic and Chet kind of roving around and they switched to that at various points during the game. I thought that would be their base defense. And that's one of the reasons I'm like a little, I I'm not worried so far about either of the favorites, either of these two teams. But I felt like this series is more of an unknown because we've barely really seen the Oklahoma City two bigs against Yoic Gordon Nuggets and this was much more of a not feel out game. 'cause it's, this is too, the stakes are too high for a feel out, feel out game. But there are too many levers left for everybody to pull in this series. But I thought that was interesting and surprising to me that that's the way they chose to match up.


I I get the theory of it. I would just rather have holmgren's shop locking lurking around and he's too skinny for Yoic Yoic is going to eat him up. What do you think about, do you think we'll see doth mess around with Yoki and hoping to get the Joch turned around elbow in the face flagrant foul every game. That was a, He got Dope, he got elbowed in the face. I am always sympathetic to big guys who get called for those fouls, even just regular offensive calls Whatcha gonna do because they're just, they're just penalized for being tall. Yeah. I did not think this was gonna be a series. Yeah, you were adamant, you were adamant. I have to text messages to prove it.


I just didn't think with five guys or five and a half or six, whatever the depth that OKC has, it just seemed like a tall task. And then you watch OKC looking a little wide-eyed and young and you, you know, it's the, the mistake we always make with this stuff is forgetting the playoff experience piece and they just don't have a lot of it. Like who was the guy that showed up for OKC yesterday other than sj It was Caruso who played in a bunch of big games. You know, and that's, so maybe, maybe this is becomes a longer war 'cause there's no way that Denver wins the first one. They'll win a at least one in Denver, right?


This is probably two, two after four. And this is gonna keep going and we'll see, we'll see. You know, I picked a KC team. What do you, what do you got? 'cause we are now in real sphincter tightening time. Let's go. I picked Oklahoma City in six. Howard Beck picked Oklahoma City in seven. Ooh I had five. And well, I mean both of us said Oklahoma City should win. I just can't go shorter than six with Yoic. Like the, the Nuggets don't lose playoff series by wide margins. If the team is healthy around Yoic, if Murray and Porter are healthy around Yoic.


And so I went six out of sort of deference to Yoic. 'cause I do think Oklahoma City, I'm talking to an empty chair. I say, what's up chair? Oklahoma City is the better team, the deeper team they have home court, they're rested. Although not a good week for the re team Rest in rest versus rest. But Yoic is yoic like he's the best player. He is gonna be the best player. And he was awesome last night. He, he had enough help. And just like, look, everyone's gonna focus on the buzzer beater second buzzer. Not buzzer beater, but almost buzzer beater. Aaron Gordon has just become one of my favorite players in the NBA. This is like we all talked for years about how Miss cast he was in Orlando both by his own fault and the magic's fault and ev the supporting everything.


This is one of those trades where like he was born to play with Yoic. He was born to play this role. He should never leave. I think he knows he should never leave. It's just absolutely perfect. He's so goddamn tough. Like he gets down to inside and just beats the hell out of people and he's patient and he pump fakes and he'll jump through you. And he's gotten so good at finishing tough shots around the rim. Seven offensive rebounds, dek to jail and Williams on a free throw offensive rebound, which is one of my favorite things that he does ever once in a while. Just an awesome, awesome player, awesome player. And I think somebody who takes real pride in being a, a champ and being part of something special.


'cause I could feel it in those grams I went to where, especially game four where him, Yoko ur all had that attitude of we are not fucking going down, we are not losing this team. And, And you know, who's becoming like that Christian Brown? Oh yeah. Just like talk about a guy I all of a sudden trust in any big spot, even on threes only one of four from three last night. I don't mind when he shoots him. 13 rebounds, a couple big put backs like the, he's just awesome. He is ready, he's ready for all of it. I think this is an amazing story because they fired their coach with like a week to go in the season and their gm and they basically, you do the, you you're basically announcing, we don't like how this team was coached and we don't like how the roster was put together, which is usually insulting to about half of the roster, right?


But somehow I think during the course of that qui series, they found something, you know, but I look back at that series like the Clipper should have won game one. They just threw it away in a bunch of ways. And then game four they had it, they had it in the last minute and it really felt like that series should have been at least three one Clippers. And then the Nuggets flipped it and by the end of it then James Harden decided to become James Harden. And again, and that was that. But I feel like the nuggets have found whatever identity. I also feel like watching Yoic last night, it really sh showed how well the Equippers were able to defend him. Those last couple games. Like zoo bats, zoo Bots has to be like, see, see how well I did like look at these, look at all this stuff he is doing in this game.


I was trying to hold him down. Same for platoon. But anyway, that was a nice little prepping for this OKC that was a war. And by the end of it, they had really conquered that Clippers team. I, the KC is minus three 20 to win this series right now on FanDuel and the Celtics are minus three 70, which I think is notable. So they think the FanDuel and the, and the betting community think Denver has a slightly better chance. There's more of a recipe in my opinion for them. The Celtics Knicks thing. Hinge seems to hinge more on injury stuff health can the five Knicks guys keep playing big minutes like this and seem as athletic and competent as they did last night.


And the, the Denver one, this is more of a look in the mirror for OKC. It feels like, all right you guys ready for this? 'cause this is this a team that won the title two years ago that has the best player in the league and they're, they're up for this. So what do you got? You don't see a lot of thunder losses when they double up the other team in forced turnovers. Like I said, 18 turnovers, Oklahoma City had nine. That's usually like Oklahoma City wins by 20. That's their formula. That's how they win. There are a couple things I think they could do better. I think, I don't think they punish yoic enough defensively and they, they let Michael Porter Jr. Off the hook. If that dude's gonna play, I'm going at him every single possession one way or another.


And I don't think, I don't think they did nearly enough. There's other things they can do, but I, you know, I can't wait for, this was the series again. I guess the common denominator is Denver, Denver's like always in the series that I'm most excited about. Right? I think part of it is Yoic, part of it is that they're sort of the basketball nerds team and this, the Thunder are, you know, in a lot of ways a basketball nerds team as well. I, I cannot wait for game two of this series. It still feels like an unwrapped present. Like there's a lot of mystery to it. I I can't wait for it. Well we didn't even talk about the Westbrook piece yet. There's this great video, oh my God, the Nugget Studio announcer watching the Gordon three and they inbound the paw, they, they get the rebound, they throw it to Russ and Russ is Drib over Midco and all three guys are like, no, no, no, no, no, no.


And then he passed it to Gordon and Gordon hit the three. But that's that Russ rollercoaster ride, especially like he is now prominently involved in this game and he's been really good for them. I gotta hand it to him, the last couple games, the right amount of energy, he hasn't done like a lot of, I got this, it's like, okay, I guess I've got this shots, but not a lot of clear out like guy guys. I, I figured it out. Like even him passing the Gordon I thought was a win because two years ago I think he just tries to go the basket. Well Brown gets to rebound and he has an immediate choice of do I bring this up myself or do I kick it ahead to Russ on the wing? And I'm watching him, he's like, I wonder what he's gonna do here. And he kicks it ahead. Look, I talked a lot about Russ on my pod yesterday.


I don't wanna repeat it. Yeah. The one thing I didn't say that has been different about him, this playoffs versus last playoffs and to this is to your point about his steadiness defensively, he's not playing wild defense. And again, like last year he was like, last year he was just gambling, doing crazy stuff, flying all over the place. He's been doing his role, sticking to his guy, getting rebounds, but he's just been playing within himself on both ends of the floor. Which for Russ is not an easy thing to do. By his own admission, he's a force of nature, quote unquote liable to do anything at any time. But he's been steady on defense and I think that's all. Like a lot of it with Russ is eliminate the loudest mistakes, eliminate the loud gambles on defense that go bad, eliminate the loud misses at the rim when you fall over.


And he's like kind of done that. He, Gordon hit the three, and I don't know if you noticed in the video, Russ like just screams like, like an absolute maniac. He wanted it so bad 'cause you forget about the OKC piece where he is, I would say the most popular, popular player in the in franchise history. Even now SJ is probably in the process of taking it. But, and then he goes back against this old team, like he's been on so many teams Now you forget that he kind of belongs to OKC in a whole bunch of, yeah. What was your, like what's your favorite memory of him with the Wizards Joe House talking himself into him I think was probably my favorite.


It's more, more like a friend memory of Joe House being like, look, the guy plays hard every day and he is inspired Bill. I mean, what, what else do you want from me? So if you had to pick one team to lose and be upset between Boston and O kc, I'm telling you right now, I came from the future, I'm like, one of these two teams is gonna lose. Who do you think it would be? I'm still going Boston. Just for the health uncertainty. Okay. Over, I would say okc, but maybe, maybe I'm too optimistic on, on young Jason Tatum who, who I thought was awesome this year and I fully expect, but man, if OJ Eno's gonna play like that. Woo. All right, taking one more break for the podcast and then we're gonna do our Town Poor Zingus thing.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob Belcher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say you wanted to go catch a few baseball games in Boston, take some time off work, fly it to Beantown, watch the socks play after that, you can do anything. Go book a VRBO in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or lobster roll or clam chowder. Really, if it has shells, gills, and its indigenous to the Atlantic, it's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy down there. And guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic. Next vacation. Stay longer and save. Make it a vrbo.


I asked you because we've done been doing deep dives on Tuesdays, which is was the original plan today before those two games were awesome. And towns is kind of unlike any other player in the history of, of basketball for what the perception of his is, what of him is, what his career achievements are from like an all NBA hasn't made the finals. Two 13 all N Bs. That's, it seems like he's gonna be second team this year. Pretty frustrating. I would say he's probably the nick, the Knicks fans probably have a love hate relationship just being kind. But then you see stuff like, all right, how many players in NBA history have average 24 and 11? And it's like Kareem Wilt, Bob Petit, George Mike at Ji Bill or Towns Embiid.


And that's the entire list. What is this career? We've seen 10 years of it. What is it? It's a very strange career. It's been a different career in the playoffs than it is in the regular season. His playoff points per game is still only 19 points per game on average. It's A big drop. Big 19 and 10 in the playoffs. And, but I, I will say he, last season I wrote a piece for ESPN about him after that Denver series about how he finally had sort of chilled out in the playoffs. And, and I think a lot of that has, has somewhat persisted beyond that Denver series. And and even in the, the first round last year they crushed Phoenix with Minnesota crushed Phoenix.


The crazy like hook pass turnovers to nobody are are kind of gone from his game. His fouling got under control. It's back a little outta control this playoffs. It's, It's, I think, I Think we're back. He's just a really inter he, he's just a really interesting player because the Timberwolves made a gigantic bet that we can't win big with towns as a center. It's just defensively. It's just never going to work. And we're gonna bet everything on it and we're gonna get Rudy Gobert and then the Knicks bet not that much, but a lot of salary cap space at least on actually we can win big with Carl Anthony Townes as a center. Now maybe they planned on playing Mitchell Robinson with him much more than they have because of Mitchell Robinson's health injury.


And so we've seen these like is Kat a four? Is he a five? Do we still not even know what he is? If he is gonna be your five, do you have to have the perfect ecosystem around him where teams can't do this thing where they guard him with a wing? Do you have to have just all incredible shooters around him so they have to put their five on him and they, the Knicks can't get to that place as often as I think they would like. He's just a really, and the defensive limitations are still kind of as stark as ever I think for him. But offensively the shooting is just incredible. He, he does have a case as the greatest long range shooting big man of all time. He probably is. It's just the Knicks haven't been able to leverage that skill as much as I think they would've liked to.


CHAI's really hard. He can get in little funk sometimes if he's not getting the ball. It's the one thing you could ding him on. If it's a game where he is a stretch five afterthought, he, he can get a little silky. The fouls are still really bad. He, especially at the end of games, he's, you know, he is gonna have one. You're just kind of waiting on it. I was looking up his, his playoff game log in the last 18 playoff games. He's played that finished in single figures. So Reassuming, they're close or relatively close. He's had five or six fouls in 11 of the 18 games. So you, you know, like if it's a close series with a lot of up and down stuff, he's either gonna foul out or be in foul trouble or be lingering around that.


Is he gonna be able to stay in this game over The last three minutes, minutes? Well, early in his first, like I'm look, his first few series, like I remember writing about this. He had like an alarming number of games and even more if you include playin games, which like, it drives me nuts how the play games just vanish from like basketball. Like can't, Let's make this our mission. Can you, you get Off, like I look at his playoff game, They by three Facebook group and we could start this instead And I can't find them, but he had like a lot of 11 points or under games and part of it was foul trouble. Yeah. Just always getting taken onto the game. Part of it was there would just be these games where you could, it was this sort of push and pull of are they not calling enough plays for him to get the ball or is he just like kind of passively accepting, not getting the ball in a way we, yeah, we don't want our superstars to be and he just doesn't get the ball and you're like, why is he not getting the ball?


It was a very strange and like that's gotten a little better, particularly last season and I, I remember the Denver series, Minnesota Denver series that Denver won in the first round going up 3.0 I thought in the middle of that series he kind of figured out some stuff and that's why you, even when the series is 3.0 and kind of boring, you still gotta keep an eye on it 'cause you never know. And like I thought, I thought he kind of turned a little bit of a page in that series, But was that when he said afterwards that other than losing, what was his quote about? Other than we lost, I still thought we had the best team. I think he Had some crazy, remember that crazy quote For People? Wasn't people him like what? I feel like that wasn't him wasn't, and I don't remember who it was, but that's the year that Jay McDaniels punched a wall and Nas Reed was hurt and they were kind of a mash unit.


Yeah, well I'll tell, I'll tell you this. I probably gave up on him as somebody who could be part of a possible finals team two years ago after that five game Denver series and then last year, clearly there was more there and the fact that Edwards was so high on him and, and really seems in invested in building him up and trying to turn him into somebody special and a and a running mate like that, that that was nothing. I do think that Nicks traded for him partly because they didn't have a center and they had this window after the Bridges trade and they had no idea when Robinson was coming back and they had no idea if Randall could play with those two wings. And it was a little bit of a fuck it trade combined with, we know this guy.


'cause Wes was with him in Kentucky and you know, it was a little bit of a roll of the dice. He's family. I think it's, I think it's turned out about as well as you can, you could have guessed right for, for what their options were in September, not knowing if Mitchell Robinson was even gonna play 40 games and who else was out there. We just saw Phoenix like got completely submarine by the fact that it's hard to find a center among many other reasons. So I think the trade was a success. I still wonder is is there another level for him or is this it? I it feels like this is it year 10? I don't like do you see him becoming all the sudden the most imposing guy in the Celtic series?


I don't, I think we are where we are. Yeah. I don't, you know, I mean defensively it, I I don't think much of an a leap is ever gonna come. I think he just is what he is defensively, which is a liability on the pick and roll and someone that you've gotta kind of scheme around offensively. It just sort of like, I, if if the team context were ever perfect around him, I I could see him becoming like a, a a like a, oh my god, what am I supposed to do here? Kind of force. But it just, Yeah. So what kind of team is that? It's never gonna, if like Josh Hart could shoot threes to a point where people guarded him like, but no one that, that context is never going to ex, if he were poor Zingus on Boston surrounded by Derek White, drew Holiday, Jason Tatum and Jalen Brown, he, he would be unguardable because you would have no choice but to put your five on him.


Which is why Pingus lives such a great life when he plays in Boston. But that's a very hard needle to thread. And neither Minnesota nor New York have been able to thread it quite yet. Can you remember another player since you've been covering the league that people seem to be more out on but in on at the same time where people, he's frustrating but everybody seems to think he's a good guy. Usually you'll get like when somebody's polarizing or up and down or maybe I can't trust this guy in a playoff series. There's some character stuff you hear about. I don't really hear like everybody seems to like towns and, and be rooting for him, but at the same time they don't really trust him to come through in a series.


I, I just can't think of other guys like that. I'm racking, I'm racking my brain. He's, it's unusual, right? He, he occupies this, he was the number one pick in the draft and I went, I i we were gonna talk about the draft quickly. Like if you did the draft over again, either he or Booker would be the number one pick, right? Yeah. The, the two to 13 span of that draft is rough. Unbelievable. So that draft for people who don't remember it, towns is one. If you're, if you're going tears for the redraft town's a booker, who would you have Booker at towns if you, if you could go back in a time machine and pick one those I'm like Silla, I'm a big Booker guy. Yeah, I Think it's probably Booker.


I would take Booker. It's a one A one B though at least. Yeah, I'm, I'm Happy with either, but I just, I like Booker. Then The next two picks are Zenga and Miles Turner. Zenga went fourth, Turner went 11th. And then if you're thinking next four picks just for what the career success was. Norman Powell, number 46, Bobby Portis 22, DeAngelo Russell number two and Terry Rose number 16. So we've, we've just immediately gotten wonkier than wonky. And then after that, guys who played were URE at 15, Richardson at 40, Looney at 30 Nance, 27 Lyles 12 and campaign 14. And then there was a Justice Winslow at 10 that I wanna talk about. But the bus you mentioned of, of Course you wanna talk about Justice Winslow, that's a big one for you.


That's the, that's the sliding doors of the last 10 years of the Celtics. The bus Jule OCA four third Rizone, fifth Cauley, Stein sixth Moody, a seventh, Stanley Johnson, eight, Frank Kaminsky nine. Wow. Five through nine are outta the NBA And have been Five through 10. I mean you have six I would say busts in seven picks. And you also have Danny Ange frantically offering all his picks 'cause he loves Justice Winslow to Miami eight. They hang up on him and then Charlotte at nine and I think it was like three or four picks and I think at least one of the Brooklyn picks was in that.


So that's basically Brown or Tatum. It's just not on the team. If Michael Jordan says, wait, you're giving me four picks. I guess I don't have to take Frank Kaminsky, right? Not Stanley Johnson was Detroit, not Miami. And then Miami's at 10 and they're, they're, they're like fuck you we're taking Justice Winslow. This is one of the weirdest drafts of the last 20 years looking Back. Well in Detroit the debate for Detroit was, and this is one of those things that I learned afterwards, I actually believe it's true. It's not just spin, it's that because it's actually more embarrassing for them. It was Stanley Johnson or Devin Booker was their draft room debate and they chose Stanley Johnson and it was either the year before or the year after. It was Luke Ard versus Donovan Mitchell and they chose Luke Canard.


Remember Denver traded the Donovan Mitchell pick. Oh yeah. Like to trade down and it's one of many, you go back and look at Denver's management of first round picks from like 2013 until now. This is Gobert Too, right? Traded Him too. It's called Gobert Out. They dumped, Took Yoic, They dumped a pick to get rid of Fareed. They dumped the pick to get rid of ic. Like it's not, it's not awesome, but when you get Yoic it's Like when you get Yoic at like number 42 or wherever that was. So yeah, so Ingas was fourth and he was the third best guy in this draft. And he's another one like for his career he is 20 and eight, he's 46, 37, 83 for the percentages, which is fairly close to towns.


He's missed 218 games and played 501 last four years. He's missed 31, 17, 25 and 42 and he is hurt again and he turns 30 in August and next year he is at $30.7 million expiring. And a lot of people have been talking about how this Celtics team is not going to look the same next year because of the tax. I liked how that became a big story this week, which like I thought we've already been talking about this for like 18 Months, A six month story. Yeah, this is part of the sale. The whole thing. I would say poor Zingus would be if this is the final run for him and he gets traded in the off season and he'll be a cult hero in Boston forever. I also think it might be hard to trade him 'cause of this first second apron and nobody has cap space.


And when people say like, oh yeah, they'll just trade one of those guys. It's like where nobody has cap space, you're just getting back a salary that then makes as much money as the guy you're trading. But You got, and it's really complicated. You got a window when the off season starts where the apron situation at least becomes more palatable for a lot of different teams. Right. But there's still, if the goal is to save luxury tax money, there's no, like Chris Paul, his contract expires on June 30th and you could trade it, trade for it and then waive it there. I don't think there's a guy like that this year. So they're looking at stuff like John Collins on Utah for Ingas, Utah wanted to get Ingas two summers ago and they weren't able to get 'em. Well that would save the Celtics 4 million plus all the tax stuff that comes with the 4 million.


So that's, God only knows and Now you have John Collins instead of Zenas and you're not the same team. You Can, we don't there there'd be no cookies and cream. No cookies and cream. You're looking at what the Lakers wanna do. Ruing max CBOs expiring The Celtics and Lakers Trade with each other. I'm just saying it's, this is way harder than I think people realize. Not to mention he's been hurt and I don't, I I think he's probably gonna be in the team. What's, when you think of him though, 'cause we were, were doing the whole unicorn, that was a whole narrative with him and Giannis and some others in 2017. Is this career slightly better than you thought? Slightly more disappointing than you thought or right around the same, It's way more disappointing but mostly just 'cause he is injured so often.


Yeah, I mean I think back to, I remember vividly when he got traded to Dallas how most of the reaction and part of it was Nick's fans had grown so attached to him, finally we have a homegrown player, a homegrown star that we can build around. We nailed this pick. He's does all these crazy stuff. Durant calls him the unicorn, then he gets injured, then he gets traded. But the reaction was fury Fury from Nick's fans that they gave up on him so early and got what looked like so little in return. And then of course Dallas has to go and trade him for Spencer Dinwoody and dais per tans a couple years later. But there was that, there's always these windows, right? Like there was that fir the the bubble playoffs where for a little bit he and Luca look legitimately like, oh I get this, this is dangerous.


This is like a really dangerous one point whatever point forward center combination. And then injuries undo that and he get traded. Then Boston perfect compliment team raises to another level. When he is out there, he Was the superpower. He's Not out there enough. And like even the finals last year, like he plays game one. That's when you say cold hero, it's about game one and game five of the finals, right? Like game one, he comes out like a house of fire. Post up, post up three block, chase down block post up, then he gets injured, then he comes back for the clincher and plays like, okay, the emotional lift. He comes out of the tunnel, couple Of big plays. Like It's, and now he's, now we don't, I mean I, I'm, I don't know, I don't do you know, I don't know like what the Ill, did they say anything after the game?


Like I don't even know what the illness is that's, It's been tightlipped. I, I've never gotten an answer on it. So it seems like the legs were covered. Although I don't love the way he's moving. I thought there was that one play when Josh Hart was under the basket around him and Zenga just like misread it and he stumbled in a way that I was like, it's usually he's not stumbling like that. Yeah, I think his rim protection has been largely consistent even when his shot is not there. Yeah, that was weird because in the Orlando series, I think it was game two, even though he did make a shot for three games, he still really impacted one of the first two games. I think it was game two and he looked like Pingus defensively and it's like, all right, the shot's gonna come. This guy's a 40% three point shooter, the guy yesterday, I guess we'll find out.


But you know, it just has this dramatic effect on everything. 'cause now Horford has to play more. Now your rotation's shorter. Now you're really relying on Sam Hauser who of course sprains his ankle. But it messes it up. Who's your next, who's your next guy in line if they have to go deeper into their rotation beyond the regular rotation? Who's the guy you trust the most out of the next group of guys? Well, there's gonna be more Cort I think. I'll tell you man, Luke corn's good. Yeah, the guy's a good basketball player. I think it's, I think it's as simple as that. I think it's, he played 17 minutes Yesterday. But you think nobody else, but that's, I'm asking you if forced and you've gotta go beyond the Cornet, Pritchard Hauser Horford.


Like, I just gotta steal minutes. Are we dusting off Tory Craig? Who? Do you actually trust Shireman? No, I don't trust Shireman. Tory Craig, I mean played a little and then we haven't seen him and I'm not really sure why. Maybe he just didn't crack. We've only had five playoff games, six playoff games. But I guess it would be Tory Craig. It, it's whoever. You don't want the Knicks to just be like, oh, this guy's in like Shireman comes in. The Knicks are gonna be like, let's, let's just get him in a pick and rolls and get Brunson on him and let's go Cada Cada time Maybe Aada versus Mitchell Robinson. I'll tell you Mitchell Robinson's out there.


Maybe, maybe you cada it up. I swear to God this is true In my notes, I have a whole sheet of notes previewing Nick Celtics. I had a, a little, a little thing in the margins and I looked at it while I was podcasting with Howard and I was like, you know what? We're running outta time. This is too crazy to say I didn't mind the precious Chua minutes in that game. If we're talking about guys who don't play and I think could have a role to play in this series. Like if you're gonna switch, that's one thing he can do. And I know he was only in because they had foul emergencies and Mitchell Robinson can only play so many minutes. I actually liked his minutes and it's in my notes like, hey, maybe just like, maybe he's the guy who can play in this series.


I, I wonder if Tibs goes back to him at any point to try to steal some minutes. Well What do you think the Knicks ultimate goal is in this series? 'cause I, I think it would be, can we just get the Celtics to play one-on-one basketball and have as many people as possible playing many minutes as possible where we're not just getting torched playing one-on-one defense. So if that's the case, then that means Precious would play more. I would think Maybe. I, I mean I think their goal, their goal is not what happened yesterday. You, they are not gonna be able to win if Boston takes 60 threes. Even if I think that's too many. And you probably think that's too many. Although ironically, when they finally went to the rim late in the game, instead of kicking out for an open three jail and Brown missed it, the rim, it's like, this is why they don't go the rim, I guess is 'cause the Kickout was there, right?


I I think every team's goal is try to sucker Boston into Tatum and Brown taking a bunch of 18 footers and just bogged down the offense. Don't let them run, don't let them get the blender going. It's just much easier said than done. Orlando did a pretty good job of it. Yeah, they did. They have better personnel for it than the Knicks do. But it's weird to me that I think that's every team's goal. Well it's weird to me that the Celtics don't look at the metrics of when they walk it up like that, when you could feel the pace go away from the game and how it just seems like it's bad for them. I mean I'm sure they do. Joe Missoula's a very smart coach there. Staff is very smart, But he's not on the sidelines going push it, push it, stop walking Up. You want him to do the spo arm waves?


Yeah, This moves the S is the best arm. Let's go in the NBA. So it starts and ends with spoke. Who is the worst arm wave Doc? I was gonna say doc, but Doc will get out. Doc will get out of his crouch and throw an arm wave in there every once in a while. I don't see Ty Lou do a lot of arm waving. Ty. It's off the top of my head. Poor Ty Lou. How many times do you think he is just been staring out at the ocean or wherever he lives? Just thinking of, I can't believe James Harden tricked me. I can't believe I bought him. I can't believe I believed. Well look next year, why didn't I listen to all the people in my life who have coached him or played with him? Why? Why did I trust this?


I can't, it's just, I don't know. It was not, it was not good. It was not good. Well, You, well you talked about, you always talk about the doc face. Yeah. In some of the playoff games where it'll cut to doc and Doc just has that frozen look like, oh God, I always say his face looks so tight that yeah, he looks like his skin is gonna crack open right into pieces. Harden, it's tougher 'cause he is got the beard. It's more of like a hardened demeanor where he's just like, look man, I'm just, I'm not gonna shoot, I'm not gonna look toward the rim. I We don't need to, we don't need to do it. I know. It's, it's over. It's over. Like there's no, there's no debating left anymore.


Just like, keep Waiting. That's it. We've closed it. Yeah, closed last take that, that, that would be a good new show. Last take. Just everyone looking at each other like, yeah. Last take. Yep.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters. Whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day. Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered a cabana. That's a no. A banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats Order Now, alcohol and select markets product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


So Ingas le lot less to discuss. But how, how, how long do you think he's, is he playing when he is 35? I would, I mean, I would, what is he now? He's 29. He's gonna be 30 this season. Yeah, I, I would say no, but I mean, I would, I worry Generally I worry about these tall dudes, man. It's not, the history's not great. Like the, the people like Kareem, you know, are real outliers when you compare 'em to some of the other people we've had the Ralph Sampson, I mean, even somebody like Embi, it's just, it's, you see them in person. It's just a lot of legs. You, You mentioned Embiid. I haven't, I I've listened to part of you and Ryan from Sunday.


Yeah. When did I gave, it Must be toward the end when you bring up MB to the Lakers. You're gonna have to take me through this one. Gabe, like you, you got aggregated. Was there, there was really an mbmb to the Lakers big trade That I could get to. That was, that was, you know what I was doing? I was aggregating aggregation, hunting, I was trying to get aggregators in a switch so I could go 1 0 1. What was the trade We were just talking about? If the Lakers, obviously they need to find a center, right? There's not a lot of centers. So you could talk yourself into the Quin, Capella type of guy. Or you could be like, well fuck it, LeBron's 41, let's take a swing. Could we talk Phil into here's a bunch of expiring and here's a first round pick and maybe a conditional, one more first round pick.


And we will take your Indeed problem and we'll be the ones that has our fingers crossed that he's ever gonna play again. And you guys can just get out of this. You'll draft, you know, you're hopefully have a top five pick if the lottery works out your way. And by the way, the Bruins yesterday in the NHL LA lottery, Zach fifth pick supposed to be, they were in the fifth spot. Worst case scenario, they could move back two spots, two teams jumped them, finished seventh. It was the Philly sixth or scenario. I thought the Bruins were good. Are they not good anymore? They were bad last year. Yeah. Okay. So they had the, you know, the worst case scenario happen and it just made me think of Philly. Like this is it two teams jumping Philly and they dropped to seven and OKC gets that pick.


Is is Cam Neely still involved? He's a little involved. Yeah. I man, you, you throw me on Sega Genesis 19 93, 94. Oh, that was your guy. Cam Neely and Ray Bork. Yeah, I, I'm, I was smoking people, Very fun teams. The 93, 94. I would always trade for Peter Klima just to give them one more wing. Okay. In the L 94. Yeah. I'd always try to cheat at them. Craig, Jan taking face offs. Yeah. So you would, you think MB is, has zero trade value? It was just the thought bubble for the Lakers. No, it's interesting. So I, I was thinking if Darryl Morey made that trade, like if they got expiring and an asset, you said a first round pick, right? For like they're not getting reeves. They're not getting reeves. Right. Like just a pick.


What would the reaction be in Philly? And would would Darrel Darryl would have to have the courage to say, if he gets healthy, I'm gonna look like an idiot. Yeah. Boom. My basketball hoop just fell back there. But I'm looking like 51, 55, 59, 64, 60 $9 million player option in 2029. I think you'd have to do that trade if you were Philly and it were offer it to you. Yeah, But what about the Lakers? I, You know, I I mean I I shouldn't say that so flippantly. Oh, because I'm gonna say it flippantly. You do that trade, you get outta that contract Because we all know how great he is. But the evidence is just, is what he is and it's so long, it just goes on forever now.


I think you'd probably have to do it. And would the fans riot or would the, are the fans at this point, like whatever, like we, we've seen enough of the whole thing thing. If the Fans would be okay, it'd be my guess. Don't you think? Yeah, it's just like, I guess we're going Maxie McCain and you know, you gotta keep, you better, better do well in the lottery this year better do better Not have the scenario you just laid out. By the way, I can't wait for the lottery. That's gonna be an exciting lottery. Every lottery is exciting. This is a good one. Well We ha it's an insane group of guys in the lottery and then there's a couple teams that have been completely irrelevant forever. Right. And Charlotte or Washington gets flagged and it's like that. Nobody's thought about those teams for a hundred years.


I I can't, I can't, I gotta say, I gotta admit it. I spent my daughter's swim practice last night. I was the carpool guy last night and when I'm the carpool guy, there's a little conference room And a solid carpool guy. I've heard That about you. There's, I'm a great, I'm a great carpool guy. Snacks. Yeah. It's like a party back there. But I spend the practice in like there's a conference room with wifi. Yeah. I watched, I watched like a solid 30 minutes of Ace Bailey tape. I was like, I gotta see what everyone's talking about with Ace Bailey. It like, I, it's very exciting lottery with the Philly subplot with Houston getting Phoenix's picked. Lots of stuff going on in the lottery. I'm Ace Bailey is a little unicorny with just how unusual of a prospect he is where he is like six, nine, a hundred pounds and is just as crazy one-on-one player.


I've just started getting the lottery. I'm trying to figure out how Rutgers was an NIT team with two of the top three players in a loaded draft that, that gives me the little Ben Simmons, you know, retro like, huh? Why are we about Mark? So sure. Ben Simmons is this good when LSU didn't make the tournament? How About Markel Foltz? It's another one. What was he like 10 And they went like 12 and 20 when he was there. I mean, I don't know. Like you have two of those guys and you can't, you can't be like a 500 team. So that, that part makes me nervous. Flag's gonna be unbelievable. The OKC part's the biggest in a weird way. The biggest part of the lottery though, if they get just the seventh pick with all the other assets they have, what's the, and they steal it from Philly.


What's the, what's the, I watched some film on Malu watch and Kn Nipple. Is it K Nipple? What's the nipple? Those guys like, I I I don't watch any college basketball. The the what's the book on K Nipple? What are we, what are we, what are we thinking? Oh, I'm already locked in. He's gonna go five spots too late and he gonna be, he's big a good rotation guy's big and He's a pretty good athlete with the ball. Hass been on him from the get go. Yeah. Yeah. He's a pretty good athlete with the ball. I guess the concern is just laterally can he slide his feet on defense? But he's got, he's got, It's stupid. He's Got a little little shit to him. People are gonna talk themselves outta him and then he's gonna be just, he's one of those guys. You're gonna put him in NBA games and be like, oh yeah, this guy belongs. So Duke started, how, how many lottery picks at least three lottery Picks?


Well, the seven foot two kid Malo watch, I mean, yeah, he's Gigantic. I don't know if anyone knows what to make of him as a prospect. Like he, you could tell me he could go in the top top seven. I wouldn't be like shocked. I, that's the thing. I think when we get closer to the draft, I, I do think there's gonna be some moves, but yeah, they had a bunch of, they had a bunt. That's why it was so devastating when they couldn't pull it off. 'cause it seemed like they had by far the most talented team. And sometimes that doesn't matter in college basketball. I hope this lottery, I'm glad this is rare for you to study draft tape. Well, because I'm going to the lottery next week. Hmm. In Chicago. And if for some Reason you've always loved the lottery because It's ridiculous, it's completely ridiculous that I can't, it's intoxicating that all these brainiacs come in this room.


Yeah. They've devoted their entire lives to getting an edge in this competitive business. And they're at the mercy of this stupid freaking machine that's spitting balls around like it's the local news lottery. It's the stupidest thing slash most awesome thing in sports. But I'm, I just was like, I gotta get a little familiar with who's gonna be on the board. That's all. I thought you Were gonna miss the lottery with your sprained mcl, but so you're gonna play, you're Gonna go, I dunno, I'm good. I'm go. I'm, I'm, I'm gonna get Through it. That was a LeBron joke. He missed the me LeBron missed the Met Gala yesterday because he sprained MCL. Yeah. I I, yeah. I was, I was also wondering if he was gonna be at the Met Gala. You know What the NHL did yesterday? They did the lottery, like lottery.


It wasn't done. And then they announced the cards. They just did it live almost like mid eighties. David Stern style. And I was wondering if the NBA would ever wanna do that? Just make it a longer show Actually. Like show the actual ping Pongs. Yeah. Like bring the fucking ping pong balls out. Just do it that way. Why wouldn't they do it that way? So they broadcast the actual lottery afterwards. Yeah, like right when the show ends. I, they do, I I think, I don't know why. I think it's out of, I think the TV partners prefer the show. It's, I don't know why. I don't know why they What would you prefer? I think I would wanna see the ping pong balls and the guys reacting. I, There is something about a guy being on stage on national television, having his heart ripped out.


That is just, is is is just pretty good television. It's pretty, it's pretty great. Unless it's ML Carr in 1997 with the frozen face Smile, Jerry, was it Jerry West in 2003 for the Grizzlies? I mean a top seven What if in the history of the league? Yeah, because they lost the pick completely and then it went to Detroit who then screwed the pickup regardless. But yeah, that could have been LeBron and Memphis. I don't know what happens to Cleveland at that point. I guess maybe they take Carmelo. Yeah, that's, that's a They're sliding doors all over. Yeah. Now we're Going Now. Yeah. Your next podcast is gonna be Thursday. Thursday, Thursday morning. So we come off these two Games on Wednesday night.


Oh yeah. We'll see what happens. Zach Lowe, thanks for joining us. Thanks to everybody who joined in on the, the YouTube live feed and thanks to Ga and Eduardo as well. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Zach and Gau and Eduardo. Thanks to everybody at the re watchable s crew who put up our three and a half hour Star Wars podcast. Go Check that out on the Spotify video feed or on Ringer movies where you can watch all, both parts all at once on on YouTube. And don't forget Celtic City. We did not have a new episode this week because the series concluded, but Now you can binge all of 'em. So go check out Max for Celtic City.


I'll be back on this podcast on Thursday. Hopefully the Celtics show up on Wednesday. We will see until Thursday. Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great games. Sevens sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the NBA Plus. They're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob bocher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mlo bocher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.