
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book and they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game. Even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus on President select states game prom. Call 100 gam. Visit RG help com. Coming up, we're gonna talk NBA playoffs, television and historical NBA. It's all next.


This episode is brought to you by Michel Loeb Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Belcher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes, no purchase necessary. Open to US residents, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply Void where prohibited.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. We did someone to watch over me. It was a one for us, for me and Chris Ryan. We have a massive movie coming on Monday. Stay tuned for that. Readjust Your Schedules. You can watch the re watchable on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel or as a video podcast on Spotify. You can watch this podcast as a video podcast on Spotify. Can go the Bill Simmons YouTube channel as well, where we have all the videos, stuff from the last six, seven years, this podcast. So I'm taping this before I went to Clippers Nuggets Game six, which we're gonna talk about with Rob Mahoney. We're gonna talk about Nick's Pistons as well.


Joanna Robinson, his podcast partner on Prestige tv. She came on with me to talk about the yearend TV so far because it's been awesome. We tried to do as unspoiled conversation as we possibly could. And then last but not least, the great Bob Brian. I wanted to talk about a whole bunch of historical NBA stuff 2025 versus guys from the past. So he graciously came on and we talked too. So it's a big, big podcast. First our friends from Pearl Jam.


Alright, recording the top part of the pod. It's a little after 10 o'clock Pacific time. I just drove back from the Equippers Nuggets game six, which was quite an affair. Rob Mahoney is here. Cooper's dominated the entire game. James Harden was magnificent for three quarters. He was, It looked like they were about to put the game away seven times and it was just gonna go into the 17, 18, 19 range. I was gonna be able to drive home with six minutes left and start record the pod with you. And then all of a sudden the nuggets were within nine and they were within six. And the PTSD kicked in new arena, new energy. Yep. Really good team. It didn't matter. The crowd got fucking nervous and you could feel it.


And I was getting flashbacks to 10 years ago that Rockets game when they, when they blew that 19 point lead and they survived it mostly thanks to like a, a crazy Russell Westbrook play A co, a couple of them. How many excruciating layups is Russell Westbrook gonna miss this season? We dec I went with my friend Mike. I shared tickets with him. We decided he was the MVP of the game because he did good stuff for both teams. Every, everybody had a positive interaction with him. It's True. Our, our guy balances the ledger. You know, he knows what he is doing out there. So I, I'll tell you what I saw in person, but what'd you see on tv? What jumped out to you? I think the hardened elements for sure, but also like this felt very much like the Nick Platoon game.


A game in which platoon completely changed the energy, completely changed the strategy. Hailu finally pulled the plug on some of Chris Dunn's minutes in the second half, which the series had been kind of building to that point over the last three games or so, to be honest with you, it felt a little inevitable, but once it happened you could just, you could feel everything the nuggets were trying to accomplish. It seemed uphill from that point. Just from having Nick platoon on the floor. It was crazy. I don't think Chris Dun played in the second half. A lot of the people in my section had been calling for this for a while. Just basically go bigger longer. Sure. But the, the thing I wasn't expecting was Beto had a bunch of reps on Yoic defending him. Yeah. Now we were playing blood sport rules tonight.


I don't know if you noticed, I think there were less than 30 fouls total. And it was the same both ways. So that was how it was going. True. I went to the Laker game yesterday. I think there was close to 50 fouls in that game and everything was a foul. This game, nothing was a foul. And they, everyone knew it. And Yoki who was getting mauled every time he had the ball, but he was also mauling other people. There was a couple plays where he was just shoving platoon backwards. He was shoving guys in the back to get rebounds. Like every, it was just full on warfare, which I would think would benefit the nuggets. But I thought the Clippers with their size and their, and you know, their physicality kept up with it. Yeah, you would think so. But honestly I think when you allow them to be that handsy and that physical, this is the kind of series where if the Clippers can control the glass and specifically keep the nuggets off the offensive glass for long stretches, it feels like they're in control of these games.


Yeah. Like they're gonna win the turnover battle. So handily, just by the nature of how they play and how Denver plays, if you can keep the nuggets from clawing back possessions through any other means, you're gonna be in pretty good shape to win the game. And so that's one area where the physicality really pays off. Not just, you know, battling Yoic to keep him off the offensive glass. Yeah. But bumping and holding Aaron Gordon bumping and holding Christian Brown, like bumping and holding Russell Westbrook frankly. Yeah. So Harden comes out and you see it immediately where game five, he was terrible Game six. He is doing that accelerator thing that he has. Yeah. Where it's the herky jerky. I'm going, I'm stopping now. I'm going again. And he just had, he was yo-yoing a bunch of the Nuggets defenders.


And so he's playing well ankle wise, playing well. Yes. And I think they both ended up with almost 60 points combined. Usually they're pretty hard to beat if both of those guys are going. But you watching Harden just toasting everybody in the nuggets and it's like, what? Just, why don't you do this more often? And then what you realize is he had about 90 minutes of him and by the fourth quarter, that acceleration thing, it wasn't there anymore. And Denver had 'em figured out. Lot of slow possessions reminiscent of, of my Celtics. Just a lot of like killing the shot clock so you can get a terrible shot. Yeah. With three seconds left, like a corner three with a hand in the face and then it gets kind of clawed back. I, I'm trying to think what to take away big picture, especially after going to two of these games.


And I really do think the Clippers are slightly better and I don't think that's gonna mean they're gonna win the series. It does not. But I would say if it, if it, it's three to three right now, but it's like 3.3 to 2.7 mm. I think the nuggets have to be super pumped that they have a Game seven at home. 'cause I don't, I don't think they've played that well as a team. They've certainly had their moments and they've had stretches where they felt really good and felt like they were clicking and playing their style. This game ultimately did not feel that way. Like they're still walking the line in so many respects between Yoic being as aggressive as he needs to be to dominate some of these matchups. And particularly when the zone is out there when Tomb is guarding him. Ordinarily when Ben Simmons is guarding him, although now he's kind of out of the series, He's gone like R-R-I-P-R ip Ben Simmons is done.


R ip, You had a good run. Yeah. But those are possessions. Yogi just has to bulldoze his way and brute force his way into baskets because ultimately the Clippers are gonna play off. Russ, if he's out there on the floor, they're gonna shrink the floor around him but take away the passing lanes. And so Yoka just gonna have to create tough baskets in crowds in a lot of these situations. And he has to do that against Zoo too. And for all due Credit Zoo came up with some monster stops down the stretch of this game. He did game like game saving plays on the defensive end with all of that contact we've talked about. But he knew the prescription, like he knew what this game allowed and he played it to a t Well it was interesting. It seemed like they were gonna bench him down the stretch. I mean, but you and we were watching there was a But you was that good honestly.


Right? It was crazy to think about. And we were watching on the bench, it was five, it was like five minutes left. There's a timeout and but, and Zoo wasn't coming back in and we were, we were like, wow, he's, he's pissed. Like he can't believe he's not coming back in. And then I think the Nugget scored once and Ty Lou was like, all right, get back in. And then he made some big plays down the stretch. But I think this platoon piece is a really nice wrinkle for them on the road in a game seven because a couple things in their favor. One, Denver lost a game seven at home last year. Right. It was a year ago. Two, there's six man team, maybe six and a half. Yeah. I've actually kind of enjoyed the Deandre Jordan just cup of coffee minutes I think have actually been pretty effective.


But it's a six and a half man team. Yeah. And the six man is Westbrook who giveth and taketh every single game. And I do think if Harden and Kauai play really well, if they stumbled in as something or this platoon thing, this set team that could win on the road. And then you think the other hand you're trusting James Harden in an elimination game. Seven. That's The catch. Right. And, and this is where I, I struggled to determine down the stretch of this game in the fourth quarters, you mentioned the acceleration wasn't there for Harden. The pace he was playing with just the downhill determination to blow by whoever was in front of him was not there. Is that because he's James Harden at this age, at this point in his career and he doesn't always have it all the time through every game?


Or was that them playing, playing the clock basically and trying to coast out a marginal lead against, you know, a a run that the, the like specifically Yoic was pushing the ball up court and they were starting to create some pressure and were they just trying to drain too much clock? I I couldn't quite tell which one was going on to be honest with you. My take would be, he's like a pitcher who could get about six innings, maybe six and two thirds. But I thought the fourth quarter I thought he wore down a little bit. Yeah. He's making some weird decisions. Like they, you know, they, the nuggets had gotten a stop, I think there was like a minute and a half left and they inbound the ball and hard and dribbles right into a double team and Tyu has to burn a timeout. It was like you could see the double team coming seven miles away and he just kind of fog Headedly went into it and right across Half court too.


Like literally the worst place to Be double teams. Yeah. This is weird. And he had a, he had a couple of those down the stretch where you're thinking like, is this just an old guy who's feeling the, the miles of the game? Mm. Or is this the James Harden stuff We've been watching for his whole career in big spots. Now Kawhi on the other hand, has come through in a ton of big spots and I think he had a couple, I got this moments, but really this, the Clippers that, that corner three which Dun couldn't make, I think it was Oh, for three. And then Beto and Derek Jones together. Yeah. I don't know what they finished with but I, they, I looked at one of the timeouts and they were I think four for 10. And those four threes they hit were the difference basically in the game. Right. They're two for 10 or one for 10.


I think The Nuggets probably pulled this up. The other thing it was a, it was a Michael Porter Jr. Mo Carton game. It was like, is he out there? Oh no, there he is. Yeah. It was one of those And they finally yanked him and Russ got all his crunch time minutes. It felt like they were trying to get him going in the second half and you just could see like it was one of his classic no-show games like in game one. Yeah. He Was probably due for one at this point in the series, to be honest with you. Yeah. But the, the three is like, yeah, Derek Jones is not gonna hit every night in the same way that Chris Dunn won't hit every night and may not even be in the rotation anymore. But two, I would expect to, but more importantly, I think the, the possessions that led to those threes and led to so many, I would say kinda like random Clippers baskets were these like chaotic offensive, rebound tipped by zoo bounces off three guys' hands.


Yeah. Goes through a crowd and ends up with a random clipper. Those plays can seem really fluky, but when you're the team playing with as much effort as the Clippers are playing with and you're as engaged and you're flying around the court, like it felt like they were quicker to those balls in part 'cause they didn't have to push it the other way. So they can fight for it in a different way than the nuggets can. But I thought they just turned up every single one of those plays that they needed to. And then when you look at the total sum of all them, that's like a 15 point swing in this game ultimately. Right. Like the, the, the Russ missed layup coming down on the other end and ending up in a norm Powell three, what should have been a four point game is a nine point game. That's it right there. Like, like the chaos of these games decides them. And there's a real home. I said this Sunday too, there's a real home court with the Clippers that I just can't believe exists.


I know. You know, and it's not gonna swing a game like they lost game Forward home. It's not like it was deciding the game, but there's a real energy and when, you know, the, the crowd really likes Norm Powell as as they should. And when he gets going, yeah. As they should. But when he hits a couple, it's like an electric shock for the crowd. Like they're really, really, and you, and that's probably when they get the most excited. And then the other one is Kawai will have a couple moments. He is those stretches where he just like, he'll hit like three shots in a row or he will hit like two shots and get a steal and block it and he'll just take over the game for like three minutes. And I think the crowd now has a sense for when that's happening. Now on the flip side, you know, I think Joch had maybe 18 in the first half and finished with 25, but is just continually terrifying at top of the key whatever sort of, and they're, they're sending one guy, they're sending two guys platoon's just standing behind him, just whacking him on the side.


I always felt like he was gonna score. Yeah. So when every time he didn't score or they turned the ball over or blocked, it felt like almost a miracle I think in Denver. I I don't know if they're getting some of those, some of those maing calls on, on Yoki, but, And maybe that's where you don't get some of the Clipper role players delivering in quite the same way. Like when you were saying, you know, the Clippers are so hard to beat when Hawaiian and Harden are both clicking at a high level. Obviously True, clearly true. Part of the reason it's true is 'cause then it relieves the pressure. So only one of say Norm Powell and Zubo have to be a big time score. Right? Yeah. It's taking, taking some of the edge off those guys where they can just kind of fill it roll you go on the road, let's say Harden and Kauai play well again, but now all of a sudden all of the role player shots are tougher.


Maybe the threes aren't coming quite so frequently. Like that's, that's one of the trade-offs that just is really, really tough with road play, especially in a game seven. And we're about to get a game seven with two of the best postseason performers in modern playoff history in Kauai and Yoic in particular. So whatever reservations we may have about Hardin or Michael Porter Jr. Or whoever else is involved in this series, I'm fucking psyched for it and I can't wait. Well This was the dream for a bunch of different reasons. Especially we would not have had basketball on Saturday. It's true. Group chat depends on that game set. How, How did that shake out that way? There there no contingency plans there where we're just not gonna have games on Saturday, may, May 3rd or whatever day that is.


That was a thing that was gonna happen. So the over under on that game on FanDuel, I always love Game sevens and I think this is gonna keep going down. I think the over today was two 13, the over for game seven is 2 0 4 0.5 and I bet that goes under 200. Yeah. Those are rock fights. Game sevens, game seven's, rock fights tense slows down. People don't really take chances in the same way. Every single thing is careful, careful ugly. You're not getting Derrick Jones sitting four threes in the, in the corner. You're not getting any of that stuff. And you know, it'll, a lot of it'll depend on how much they're letting both teams get away with.


I think the more they officiate the game, the better that probably is for Denver because the way Yoic plays. Do you think either of these teams is better than Minnesota from what we've seen for two weeks? Great question. Now the Minnesota thing's interesting because the Lakers just might be this like incredibly flawed team that made Minnesota look really good. They have no center, they don't really have a point guard. They had Luca gets hurt halfway through game five and just can't guard anybody or bounce off anybody. I thought, I really thought he was a little compromised. LeBron wore out I think after four games and Minnesota might not be as good as they looked last night. Who do you, if you had to rank the three who, how would you rank them? I think I might put the Clippers as the best of the three even still.


I think I would too. Yeah. But it's, it's very, very close. And then there's also the question of like, are we talking about head to head in a series versus sort of in a more abstract universal Sense Upside Ceiling Upside. Yeah, Ceiling upside. I think the Clippers are, are the most versatile of these teams. I think their defense can be as good as Minnesota's defense can be, but they have some, some qualities in terms of their half court offense that feel even a little bit more stable to me and a little less matchup dependent. Right. So I think there's just some things with the Clippers that I really, really like and I love TLU pulling the levers behind all of those things. Like I trust the flexibility of that roster and I trust the people making the decisions even though one of them is James Harden in a game seven. Right. Well and they, I like how they adjust in a game and in a series, right, they'll try four or five, six things, they'll change rotations.


Not in a panicky way. Like all right, we gave Ben Simmons a whirl and he shot an air ball that went sideways and we're not gonna see him anymore now. Yeah. Chris Dunn, they're just begging, they're leaving him open by 10 feet. Like when it's 10 feet maybe it's time to get somebody else. But I do think they, they have two lineups that I think really work in a muck it up game seven one was that one we saw tonight where they just went long, right. With Platoon they had the, the shortest guy was hardened on the outta everybody that was out there. And then that other one was that one they played near the end of game four with the shooters when they did the zone and it was just the all offense lineup with Banovich. Yeah. And I think they have their typical lineup, but I think they have two levers to pull if the game gets weird.


Whereas the Nuggets, it's basically like, let's throw in Westbrook and just kind of see what happens. It's like watching somebody light fireworks in their backyard. It's like, just, just don't try not to hit the house. Please stay Away from the tree. Please don't Just please shoot this up in the air. And he's their fireworks guy. Other than that they don't have a lot of moves. It's like, yeah, is Jamal Murray gonna have it? Is Michael Porter gonna show up? Are we gonna get good Michael Porter? They don't really know what they're getting. Can I talk outta both sides of my mouth about this A little bit? Yeah. I think the Clippers are the better team and I think they're gonna lose in game seven. So Things working against them. Road team game seven. James Harden in a huge game. Yep.


Yoic is the best player in this series. Although Kauai, maybe he has something to say about that. The fact that Porter was so bad today makes me think he's gonna be good in game seven. 'cause that's basically what we saw in the game four that I went to on on Saturday where he was awesome and rebounding and playing with a ton of athleticism. So I went, I bet they were gonna subtly call him out and challenge him. And I really like the way Murray is moving and, and just looks in general, like yeah, if he had played this way in the, in the summer Olympics, I think Canada would've won the gold medal. It was, he did the opposite. But They've been, they've been trying to get him to play that way in the Olympics for a long time.


Right. I I, the ship's probably said, I, I don't think that's gonna happen. But I will say this Clipper's win is particularly impressive in that way because Jamal came out hot. He was did, he was scorching right from the jump. And it's, it's hard in those Jamal Murray games to then put him back in the box to kind of tamp down. Yeah. His point, his sort of fire starter scoring and I thought they really got a handle on him. They made him into more of a passer in a way that Yeah. Opened up some shots for other people, but ultimately took some of the momentum out of the nuggets offense. So big picture legacy Steph, let's do a little legacy Pre-game seven Legacy. Yeah. A little a whiff of a legacy here. Yoki losing two game sevens at home and back to back years when he is the best player in the world.


Would not be great. Not awesome. The nuggets blowing two game sevens at home in a row is a pulsating sign that something now needs to happen. Right. They lose this. It's like now something, now we have to do something somebody has to go. That sign has already been lit. I think it's already been pulsating. You know, we've, we've, I think we've been there for a little while. It's pulsating, but I'm not sure it's on 24 hours a day. I don't think it's like a diner sign. No. A fluorescent diner sign. But I think it does pop on. But yeah, there, there's multiple guys I would wonder. Yes. And if you, even if you work back for keepers, it's basically just Yoic Murray and Brown.


And then you could tell me anyone else on the team who knows I and I think Gordon's a keeper. Yeah. But I think you would be the trade piece if you were gonna blow it up, you know what I mean? That That is fair. I I think that was kinda my hesitation point as you were saying that is like Aaron Gordon, Mr. Nugget, like he is part of the DNA of that team. Yeah. He's also, you know, per the conversation you were having with Zach the other day about like Draymond as an amplifier. Yeah. I think Aaron Gordon is a terrific amplifier. Like he turns Yeah, you're right. The Murray Yoic pick and roll into a three man action. Like really triangulates some interesting stuff out of it. His ability to work the baseline work outta the dunker spot, but also outta the corners also kind of turning around like random junk offense is really one of the only reasons the nuggets are alive in this series at this point.


And so like, I, I think they would be very hesitant to trade that away to say nothing of the world that he gives you on defense in terms of his effort and, and versatility on that end. So pretty important Part of this team. Well, I'm saying they have four keepers. That's a pretty tough, tough team to change because now we are just in the pure Michael Porter Jr. Trade machine Yeah. Era. And no, really no other lovers. Zeke Najee. I, I don't think the market for Zeke is robust in all, in all due respect to him. Let's take a break and we'll talk Nick's pistons really quick.


Our friends at FanDuel are getting you in on the NBA action during these playoffs right from the first tip. Right now all customers get a no sweat same game. Parlay every single weekend. When you bet the NBA playoffs, just use your token on three plus legs. Same game parlay or same game Parlay Plus on any NBA playoff game. And you'll get bonus bits back if you don't win. Golden State game six. I'm in. I'm just in. I would go over on Butler rebounds. I would go over on Steph points, I would go on Golden State Money Line. That's an example of a same game parlay you can do. There's no better place to bet all the action than America's number one sports book. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs and get a no sweat same game. Parlay every weekend in the NBA playoffs. That's FanDuel dot com slash bs. FanDuel and official sports betting partner of the NBA Must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in President DC Optum required minimum three Legg Parlay required refund issued as the non-metro bonus bets that expire seven days after receipt max refund $5 unless otherwise specified restrictions apply including token expiration C terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Gamble problem called 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by degree Original Cool Rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really bad when degree changed their cool rush formula One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well, guess what? Degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back they original Cool rush scent. And thank God you've gotta love what a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some find out why it's been the number one men's ante perran for the last decade. And by the way, you should put that on. Especially, we're about to hit the summer, it's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree Cool rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us coming back.


Nick's pistons. So I was in the car not realizing that Beyonce was playing at SoFi tonight, right next to the Clipper game and it took an hour and a half to get to Cooper game. Yeah. And I, my plan was to watch the fourth quarter on my phone at the Clipper game and I could not do that. But I was listening on, on Sirius and just kind of playing off the announcers and it was the Detroit Pistons announcers who were very, very excited and Jalen Brunson did it again. So what did, what did you see? Because I unfortunately could not watch the game with my eyes. I could hear it. I couldn't watch it. What'd you see? Do you feel better or worse about the Knicks after tonight? I mean, better 'cause they won by, you know, the skin of their teeth better because Jalen Brunson is an amazing CrunchTime performer.


Like the, the fact that, so have you seen that play? I assume you've seen the highlight of the game Winner. Yeah, I saw I the highlight, I watched it halftime. Genuinely unbelievable how much space Jalen Brunson creates off of pure torque and crossover against one of the best perimeter defenders in the league. In a star Thompson. A guy who had been giving him trouble even in a high, high scoring night, basically throughout the game when he was allowed to play by JB Picker staff. And we can talk about that if you want. I'm just like in awe of the space that Brunson creates. And I think this is what fuels some of the conversation we have about him sometimes about the free throw baiting is when he doesn't do it and he didn't, there's no push off on this play at all. Yeah. Like he creates all that space on his own, no illegal contact can it, because he's Jalen Brunson, one of the most clutch players that we have in the league right now.


I love watching that guy play. I love watching that guy hoop and when he's doing it in this way, like he's, he's such an undeniable, charismatic basketball force And yet heading into that next round, the Celtics are minus 700 favorites. Well sure. Now if I told you before the year, the Celtics and Knicks are gonna play in round two and the Celtics are gonna be 7 0 1 favorites, I think we would've thought somebody was hurt on the Knicks. Yeah. We would've assumed Town Brunson or in Obi, one of those three. Or maybe even Bridges. Yeah, but some that was not a healthy five, but it is a healthy five. I mean I know Brunson's slipping around, but he had 40 tonight. Well, Or the other assumption would be that the cat trade had gone really poorly for some reason, which it hasn't.


It's gone mostly quite well, not so well in this game. I thought this was a game in which it was very much Josh Hart and OG and McHale completely delivered in all of their kind of peripheral capacities in addition to Jalen Brunson just going balls out as, as far as like shot creation goes. And then Kat is doing a thing we've seen him do before where he's sort of floating around and he is weirdly passive and he is not involved in the offense. And then when the ball finally comes his way, he is shooting shots five feet behind the three point line. It's, and then he fouls out and, and misses a crucial free throw is just like a, not a great display of Carl Towns as a basketball experience, especially going into a series against the Celtics where he has to be one of the Nick's most important players to actually leverage that matchup.


And I, I really like Kat, I find myself as a cat defender in a lot of debates and conversations. I don't have a lot of faith in his ability to successfully bully and score on and be everything defensively that he needs to be against the Celtics. It's just not, it's not that that matchup does not position him for any kind of success. Yeah, it's a weird one with all the Knicks fans. I know, and I'm sure you know a lot of them too. Last year they were just so delighted. But that gritty underdog team that they had and they just really responded to those guys. And this year it's a lot of complaining, a lot of complaining about tib, a lot of wondering, but, but then also a real love for Brunson.


Yeah. And the fact that at least they got to round two with those five guys healthy, which was I think was the number One goal. A team that was built to try to beat Boston even though Boston spanked them all season. I do not have any Knicks fans in my life who are like, watch out for us. The vibes are real weird right Now. Yeah. Don't you think, I Mean they again barely survived this series. The Pistons had several chances to potentially win it, several chances to, you know, lead and protect the lead. Malik Beasley almost had a look to tie this game at the very end, but kinda like Gary Trent Jr. The ball away at the final second. Yeah. Like it was, right. Is that Verb now Gary, Gary Trent Jr. Did after Wow. After that implosion the other day against the pace.


Unfortunately as wrong place, wrong time, but such as life. Yeah. But I would say as far as the reason that that Celtics optimism and Nick's pessimism exists in addition to just, you know, not disputing the heart of a champion and kind of the general funkiness that's been going on with New York all year. You could see in this series, it's so clear that the Knicks just do not trust basically anything other than a Jalen Brunson iso. Like they, they don't run them consistently enough. Maybe a pick and roll if you're lucky. Yeah. But so much of their offense is geared around Jalen having to create every inch of space against offenders. And now it's, It's a weird one to me though. I don't, I don't understand that as a, I mean a strategy, I get it from the sense that Jalen Brunson's an unbelievable ISO score.


I don't get it in the sense that you just traded for Carl Anthony Towns in the off season. You just traded for McHale bridges in the off season. And some of those guys are good at kind of creating movement within stale sets. But it really doesn't take much of a nudge from the defense to push the Knicks into just iso iso iso iso repeatedly in a way that is frankly self-destructive. Well, you know, who eats eats that up for breakfast, lunch and dinner. It's the Celtics. If you're just gonna do the same thing over and over again, they couldn't be more delighted. I mean, Brunson had 33 shots tonight and eight free throws. Yeah. 33 shots is for a non overtime game is is kind of bonkers. And I just don't feel like they've, I have felt that the whole year.


I've never felt like they've, it feels like somebody's always losing when somebody else is winning on this team. Yeah. You know the, it's like almost like a zero sum game. Brunson gets 33 shots, so that means talents has to have a shit game basically. And again, I need to watch the second half and study what was going on, but I just, 33 shots is fucking, that's a crazy number. I know we made 15 of 'em, but that not sustainable. It's Celtics. Celtics have so many guys to throw at him. They're gonna be sending two guys at him. They're gonna be putting taller guys on him. This is one of the Tatum superpowers is he's actually really good at guarding guy. I, I wouldn't be surprised if they threw Tatum at him. You Should, I mean based on a SAR Thompson success in this game.


Yeah. To the extent that there is a Jalen Brunson blueprint and this guy just went for 40, like it's not Right. A wildly successful blueprint. I thought a star Thompson did a great job with the minutes that he was given and the assignment he was given. And that's kind of the Jalen Brunson story is you try to put as much length as you can get away with. It's just usually wings and bigs have a much harder time hanging with, with Brunson's footwork. Yeah. Not so for the Celtics. Like they have enough bigger Ranier defenders and even the guys who are quote unquote small jr holiday's healthy enough to play consistently in that series. That's, that's a tough matchup. Derek White's a tough matchup. They're all tough matchups. Yeah. Well the other thing is though, Tatum's been just playing so great and the Knicks built this team together part partly to go toe to toe with Tatum and Brown.


Yeah. Brown hasn't been as great and I don't think he's a hundred percent healthy, but Tatum is that the complete command of his powers at this point? And you know, there's gonna be this in and Obie versus Tatum piece and then Bridges will be the second guy. I'm sure they're gonna stagger him so that, you know, there's gonna be stretches. Maybe he'll come out earlier in the first quarter and then come back where he is trying to go against some Nick's bench guys. What, What is your level of satisfaction with the Tatum rise as I would say the preeminent author of the, does Tatum have another gear ongoing conversation? Yeah, I, I feel, I feel vindicated and delighted. I I just think he's been awesome and there was, somebody wrote a piece about Angry Tatum in that Orlando series and I totally agree he had developed this little sneer that he has now.


It's like, where'd that come from? You're like the nicest guy Now you have like a playoffs sear, but oh, The smear is worth like three percentage points in terms of field goal percentage. Oh no. Easily at least a couple free throw attempts. It's, it's worth its weight in gold. I I love his, the bully stuff that he does, which is gonna be harder to do against this Knicks team. Sure. But they're gonna be, I just think they're gonna hunt Brunson. This is what the smarter teams who have a lot of options, they're just gonna be like, where is he? Yeah, let's try to wear him down on this end. They're probably not gonna defend him full court. Which I think if like Indiana played them, I think Indiana would try to wear 'em down that way and just basically make 'em work to dribble the ball up to trade. Did some of that too. But, But you'll, you'll get some of that with OG just like denying at at various points.


I'm sorry. I think in terms of more Tatum, like, I think there's, there's just so many ways that on both sides they can deny the stars and force you to go to your second option. Right. And for the Celtics, there's many avenues from that point for the Knicks. Like you deny Jalen Brunson, you chase him full court, even if that's what they decide to do, there should theoretically be many entry points for this offense realistically. And in terms of the way these games play out, they just kind of wait for Jalen Brunson to get open and sometimes he doesn't. Yeah, that's not, if the Celtics are healthy, that's not gonna work. The question with the fear for the Celtic fans is how healthy are we, what's going on with Drew Holiday? Sure. Are they playing it super safe or is this a guy who's in his mid thirties now who has a hamstring issue issue and this is gonna bug him the whole time.


How bad is Jaylen's knee? When's the next Ingas injury? Like there's, you know, getting the, getting the rest and not having to play a game six against Orlando I think was pretty good. If, if I'm a Knicks fan, I'm really concerned that it was that much of a slug fest knockdown, drag out back and forth series with Detroit. You know, and I know that we talked about them a bunch on your pod, on my pod, like we all respected Detroit. The advanced metrics are very favorable. They turned in to be a good regular season team. But they're so limited in a series like that. Like the guys that they had versus the guys that Knicks had. I just don't feel like the series should have been this nailbiter for six games and I I I don't think they should have been able to go in there and win a game five at MSG.


I don't think this game tonight should have come down to Brunson having to be like Heroics, like the Knicks should just be better than that team. So that's, yes and I think some of it is coach related, which we've talked about on all of our ringer pods. Like I just don't think tips has a feel for this team. This doesn't feel like a thibo team in my opinion. I think all of that's true about the Knicks. I just don't wanna diminish the fact that the Pistons grabbed those games, like grabbed those wins and nearly grabbed this one. And I think that that's a team that has a lot to be proud of in terms of the way they acclimated themselves to this series, to this dynamic. You're right. They don't have all of the options that the Knicks do. They don't even have, I would say, you know, the high, the highest end experienced playoff shot creation yet I thought Cade was really, really solid in this series overall.


Yeah. But you can see a bit of a distance between him and Jalen Brunson. Right. You can see where Cade still has to go as a young creator. And that's really exciting and you can see, you know, what a SAR Thompson can be. You can see overall for a team that was missing true two crucial rotation players, right? Isaiah Stewart barely played in this series, Jay and I did, did not play in this series. Like that's a huge deal. And I think SAP's the pistons ultimately of their hopes of being more dynamic. And then, then you get into a position where it's like when push comes to push comes to shove, like, I dunno, Tim Hardaway Jr like Malik Beasley, these guys are your, are your kind of security blankets. Tim Hardaway didn't play in the finals last year. He was that a team that made the finals and did not play And for good and fair reason.


And yet in this game it's like he's essential personnel because of who the Pistons have on their roster. And so that's stuff that will gradually improve over time as they sort of like start to replace some of the archetypes of these supporting players and and, and maybe replace him with, you know, Jade Ivy coming back and having another great season. You know, like there's, there's young talent, Ron Holland who kind of got I would say kind of filtered outta the rotation by the end. Yeah. Maybe he starts to pop in a different way. They're, these are all different in terms of what they're bringing to the table, but I, I like where the pistons are headed. Kind of like a stealth Durant team. I wouldn't say he was the favorite, but it's a really interesting one. If you were gonna try to figure out a Durant destination and that the price gets a little lower, but you just kind of put him in the Tobias Harris spot.


I mean they're not close to winning a title, but You think, you think Tobias Harris for Kevin Durant's a a pretty solid upgrade? Well I'm yeah. With like about how many picks would have to be in this, but if they're trying to get picks, I, you know, if I were the pistons, I would probably try to do what some of these other teams in that position have done in years past is, Hey, it was great, we got our playoff tastes, let's try not to get crazy, let's do this again. And then maybe two years from Now, you know, they're probably hoping the story's are already starting to come out about how the Celtics, this is kind of a last run with the roster they have and expect some traits. You know, I I'm not surprised that came out. I I'm not surprised people did the math and was like, yeah, this is probably not sustainable.


Yeah. The timing of it was a little weird. I was wondering why it became a story when it was, it's been a story all year for anybody who follows the Celtics to any capacity. The roster's gonna cost like two 50 million extra. Yeah. Prohibitive. If they don't like trade some salary, I don't know who it's gonna be. So there's a little bit of this last dance run just with this, this specific group. And it might just be one guy, but I I I, Bob Ryan's coming on this pod later and we're talking about like just what a popular Celtics team this is with the, with the fans. Like just a bunch of like dudes. There's no like the one guy like, oh man, that guy drives me crazy. It's like, doesn't doesn't really exist.


So one last thing was Celtics Nicks. Yeah. You would think there would be all these great storied battles over the years and there just hasn't been, you know, I was too young to remember when they played in the seventies. I do remember the 84 series, which was Bernard versus Larry, which is was just awesome. Bernard basically beat this awesome Celtics team by himself for three games. They beat them in 1990. I think they played maybe in 2013. Yeah, I was, I wanna say we got a, didn't we get a mellow Nick? The Tail end of it was the tail end of the kg Pierce era. Yeah. But for two teams that have been in the NBA since it began, that's Pretty crazy.


It's fucking nuts that they have no playout 'cause like, oh what a rivalry. It's like this really ist rivalry. But this, this is probably the closest the two teams have been from a talent standpoint. I would say maybe 84. I thought the Celtics were way more talented, but Bernard was maybe the second best player in the league that year. So that this will, it'll be fun to see it. I think it's gonna be really hard ticket to get in New York. Sure. There'll be some energy behind it. And from an e esp n standpoint, they lost the Lakers But they get Nick Celtic. We, we just move right to the Knicks. Right. We move right to Knicks content. What happens? I don't know what they do. You don't think Clippers and nuggets are moving the needle in that way? I don't, I Well they'll probably, they'll get five more days of LeBron.


Yeah. I, I'm fully expecting from somebody from the Lakers. LeBron is open to resigning but wants to make sure Luca's committed to being shaped next year. I'm waiting for that story. I'm on pins and needles. Just sneak that one out. Yeah. I am waiting for the Austin Reeves if they have to trade Austin Reeves to get a big guy. You know, you saw what happened with Rudy Gobert. We gotta do it. I'm waiting for that one. Maybe it'll be trading for Rudy Gobert. Who knows? You just Laid out like four different news cycles. I think we're good through June, to be honest with you. We're good at least around two with all the cycle. Well I forgot though, will LeBron retire or not? We're gonna get that one. He might, he might not.


Now he's thinking about it now. He might. It's it'll just, he'll be in the news over and over again or we'll get the, will LeBron accept a minimum salary to book go play for a contender? Of course. That'll be two days. So yeah, ES ESPN will be fine for, for, for probably another two weeks. 'cause they're, what they're not gonna do is talk about can OKC go 16 to Oh in the playoffs or, Sure. Well, and meanwhile here on The Ringer, here's another segment about the Boston Celtics. You know, we, we all have have Counterpoints. Yeah, it's a great point. But out of all these four series, what's the best one? Like we don't know who's coming out of OK KC Denver. Yeah, it's probably Gold State Minnesota.


Right. If that's, if that becomes the series just from a star power intrigue standpoint, I mean that would be a juicy one. I honestly like, this is maybe an unpopular pick, but I'm actually really excited about Cavs Pacers. I think that's gonna be a really fun, really competitive series. Do you think, are you with me on don't count the Pacers out for a massive upset corner or No, I'm basically always on. Don't count the Pacers out corner. Okay. So yeah, I think that has to be taken into account, but I like there has not been a bigger buzz saw in these playoffs than the Cavs in the first round. So I'm eager to see what they get against better competition. Of course I'm eager to see what OKCs got when they have to play someone who's actually gonna put up some resistance. So honestly, it's been a pretty fun if a a little bit turbulent of a first round.


The second round is, is gonna have some real juice to it though. Indiana's plus four 10 in that series And for the series spread. Yeah. Cleveland. Cleveland. A win in a sweep. 1, 4 1 or four two. That's minus 180 8. I think the Pacers are gonna hang in this series. I've been saying it for weeks. Think I think they very well could, I really think they have. I think they're really hard to play and I think they really know who they are and they have an identity. Yes. And, and they're gonna be dangerous. I can I get, I know you already got your Minnesota Lakers thoughts out. Can I just tell you how weird it was to go to that game last night and watch, watch To experience Rudy Gobert in person Who is awesome, certainly the best game he's ever had.


Unreal. But just to watch Unreal the Lakers not try to solve the problem. This is like a we win the, if we lose this game, we go home. Yeah. And they're just getting annihilated on the boards and they were just like, even the guys on the court, like they weren't playing a center, but it's, you know, Luca wa Luca seemed like Luca was a hundred percent healthy, but Rui and LeBron, it was basically, if they weren't getting rebounds, guess what? Nobody else is getting a rebound. Yeah. And they're 15 feet from the basket. It was, it was one of the weirdest games I've ever been to. I've never seen a team in a must win situation. Just let the same thing happen over and over and over again. Well there was the refusal on JJ Reddick's part to put say Jackson Hayes, whatever big you would prefer on their roster back in the game, which the Corpse of Alex Lenon there at least like he's taking of space.


I I'm not gonna advocate for putting any of those guys in in particular. I'm just saying he refused to do it and Yeah, the fact that the players on the court specifically the forwards were just like not putting a body on anybody, including Rudy Gobert, but really anybody at all just standing there as rebounds came down. Like both of those things can't be true. Like one of the sides has to butch. Either you put in bigger players or the kind of bigger wings you have have to rebound. But this is the trouble I Find I game too. They were, they were scrambling Yes. And gang rebounding and really being wary of it in this game. They weren't. I thought that Max, when Maxi Ber came in, I was with my friend Chen. First of all, I, I honestly didn't know he was on the team. Yeah. I didn't know. Like he was dressed for games and he came in and I was like, is that He's been injured?


Is that Maxie Cle Cle? And Then he just came off the medical table cleared to play and they're like, yeah, okay, here you go. Here's five minutes. See if you can knock down the hay shot The corner that Minnesota was like that. That's great. Yeah. You knock yourself out over there. We were just like, wow. And he was out there in the second half of the game. Very, very strange going, obviously going back to that Mark Williams trade, not going through, but I dunno if he makes a difference. I just feel like that's a bad matchup for them all the way around. Mark Williams thought he made a difference. I dunno if you saw him on the action, which I appreciate, but I don't think he's changing that game. I don't, I don't think anybody on their roster if they had subbed in Alex Lenn or subbed in Jackson Hay, I don't think it's materially changing the fact that Rudy Gobert was putting just about everybody who would get close to him in the rim and nobody would really get close to him by maybe the third quarter at best.


Well it was also like such a massive rollover because Minnesota should have won that game by 35 points. They couldn't make a three. Yeah. All the threes were wide open. All of them. And guys weren't like scrambling, they weren't like, you know, road. It was just, it was such a weird one. And then the way JJ acted the, in that 48 hour stretch, just like, wow, it feels like he's unraveling. I thought the whole thing Now you go into this off season, it's like LeBron's gonna be now officially in his forties. Yeah. You know, really? They only move is Reeves. That was weird. But for Minnesota, Minnesota golden state, Minnesota probably has the, the, the punchers chance against OKC because of the Edwards piece and Sure.


And the defense. But I, I'm still on clippers have the best chance to beat OKC island and they're probably gonna lose game seven. It's weird like that. I, I think the, the trouble with Minnesota too, and I like, I'm a believer in the wolves. How could you not be after the, the display they just put on Julius Randall played Unreal. Yeah. Rudy Gobert obviously showed up in the way he did. And Ant has just been developing as a playmaker right before our eyes. Yeah. There's also some stuff happening on the periphery. You mentioned the three point shooting where like Quiel, Alexander Walker Loki cannot hit a shot. Yeah. Dante de Vincenzo cannot hit a shot. He Was awful yesterday. Yeah. Like That stuff. It, it either will come home to roost all playoffs long or it's gonna swing back hard the other way. And I think that's the question. If you're picking the wolves as one, one of the definitive best teams left in the bracket is, are you betting on those guys to hit Yeah.


And I think it's, it's realistic given both of their pedigrees to say that they will. But there's a lot rioting on them and, and Jayden McDaniels also, we should say, being dared to shoot yet again. And he will be again, just by nature of the way that team is built, and he's gonna have to knock down some shots in addition to everything else he's doing. Yeah. The one thing I feel like with Minnesota is when Mc McDaniels is good, they feel almost unbeatable. Yeah. And he's finding more ways to be good. Yeah. Like he's finding more ways to leverage his size to get inside, to make plays for other people. It's been an awesome Jade McDaniel y Back part of season, but yesterday they hung him on a foul with a minute into the game. Yeah. I was like, okay, here we go. Then he had a second foul. I was like, all right, you good. Good job. You got him outta the game. And then I think he had 40 of the 50 fouls that you mentioned.


Oh, he did. They, they were calling him on handshakes, which is so fi like if he had played in the, he would've loved playing in the game. Oh, sure. I just went to, he would've been clubbing people. I think the, the last point I'll make on Minnesota driving home, I was listening to Gobert being interviewed, and he was, they asked him like, Hey, Edwards was over 10 0 4 11. Would you, would you think of his game because he'd still had an impact on the game and, and he was like, I don't care if he was Oh, for 60, he made all the right plays. Yeah. And that's all we want him to do, is he made the right decisions. The ball didn't go in, but he was still making the right decisions. I thought that was a really good point, because I thought last year in the Dallas series, when he got a little discombobulated, then he stopped making the right plays.


I always felt like he was doing the right thing or had the right idea. Most of the time yesterday, he just couldn't make a shot. And that, that I think is the difference to him. Last year and this year, Year, I think there was a stretch of maybe three or four possessions where he settled on threes consecutively when, when the wolves really needed baskets. And it was like, right, he's rocking a little bit off the axis here, but then he stabilized. Then they stabilized, then he's, you know, he's getting Julius Randall involved. He's making this crucial set up to Mike Conley in the corner for a game securing basket. Yeah. And also there's also the thing where it's like when your game plan is so clearly to work the offensive glass, like hell, the shots he was taking are not necessarily bad shots.


Yeah. Like sometimes, sometimes his role is to force things so that he doesn't have to call Rudy Gobert up for a high screen. So go bear can stay low and get those rebounds. Like there's some trade-offs involved in that, obviously. And you would love, you know, when he gets Luca, an injured Luca one-on-one to, to see him blow by him. But the Lakers were doing kind of soft doubles all night. They were trying to throw things at him to throw him off balance. And I thought, I thought he mostly aced every test. Some occasional blips, but really, really impressive stuff from, and Yeah. When you think he's, you know, not even in his mid twenties yet. It's pretty good. Well, lot of good, lot of good setups. Plus we got at game seven, Rob. I know. So group chat's going right after like Sunday morning, right?


Right after the game, I assume on Saturday. We'll see. We'll get up as soon as we can. I'm excited to hear it. Rob Mahoney, thanks for, thanks for popping on. Appreciate it. Thanks Bill. All right. Joanne Robinson is here from The Ringer. We, we were like basically married to White Lotus for eight weeks together. Eight weeks. Yeah. Me, you and Mallory. Then we did a couple re watchable. We did, can't hardly wait. We had our first fight. A lot of good stuff happened. Right. And then, and then divorce, I guess All over. Yeah, it guess trial separation. Yeah. Yeah. So last year was rough for us with television because we had the writer strike. They were moving stuff to 2025.


And this year has been a pretty great run, especially for like The Ringer and for our pos, where we had like White Lotus and Severance and a bunch of different things. And now we're in Last of us, we have this John Ham show. We have the studio, we have, we found out, I dunno if this is common knowledge or not, but the Bear is gonna be mid-June now, so there's Yeah. Shit's going down. What, what's the biggest TV storyline of 2025 to you? The biggest TV storyline of 2025, I think is that the good IP is actually delivering, because I know you didn't mention and or, and I'm not gonna try to make you talk about Star Wars on this podcast, but, and or is firing on all cylinders. The Star Wars show. I shoulda.


Yeah. And the Last of us is incredible. And so I think in Severance delivered on its second season. So I think the ways in which we're used to watching this stuff drop off in Second Seasons after like a big first season hasn't really been the case this year so far. And that's been really exciting to know. Well it also feels like the, the whole infrastructure of an episode happens. We talk about it, we go backwards, we go forward to the next one. What's gonna happen? Oh, new episode this happened. Yeah. It still, I was really worried the binge model was gonna ruin it. And I think it has ruined it in some cases. It has. Like your friends and neighbors could easily just, you could have put those all up at once and just had me binge 'em.


But for the most part, that week to week structure still works. I know for us with White Lotus, like we got so much content out of it. It was great. It's Apple and HBO and FX are really like holding it down on the week-to-week front in that way in Paramount as well. But yeah, in the binge model, I say this all the time, but yeah, if White Lotus had been a binge drop or if your friends and Neighbors, the show that you texted me the other day was Making You Giddy was a binge drop, then we wouldn't get to talk about it for as long as we do. And dig, dig into it as deeply as we do. The Bear is still a binge drop. That's always confusing to me. I don't know why that's not a week to week and, and or once again to come back to this, but, and or is dropping on three episode chunks every week. So it's gonna be over in two weeks.


And that's wild to me for our 12 episode season. So it's, it's, it's mixed bag. But I do think that people are finding more and more that if you want your show to, to really take root in the conversation with something like White Lotus when we're all watching together, when we're speculating together, that's the way you really permeate pop culture in the larger conversation. Yeah. Without even the help of IP White, Lotus being sort of like an original concept from Mike White. So Well there. So there's three versions of these shows, right? The first version is like what we went through a white lotus, what you're doing now last of us. You watch it, you probably watch it a second time.


You prepare all your thoughts and takes and you really gotta dive in. Then you wait for the next week, try to anticipate. That's one. The second version of that is probably the same thing, except maybe You don't need to watch it twice, three times. Like for me, landman was like that, where I really look forward to it every week. It knew what it was. Then there's that third version that's a real sweet spot this day and age, which I think your friends and neighbors fits into. Okay, tell me about it. Tell me why this is a third. This is not Deeper, this is why I was getting, This is deeper than Landman for you. What, what is it? No, No, no. Landman was good at this too. I don't have to completely pay attention the entire time. Okay. I can kind of do something else. Yeah. I, somebody in my call, I mi missed five minutes.


I'm probably not missing that much. It's a show that knows what it is. I like hanging out for, for an hour. I wouldn't watch it twice. Probably would never watch the season again. I like, I'm enjoying the hang. Yeah. Yeah. It's like that, that's like this new version, like a hang show, you know what I mean? A good, A good hang show. I love to know that you're somewhat second screening it. I think what's, I think what's so telling about your friends and neighbors is like, we are covering it on the Prestige TV feed, but we're probably only gonna drop like 30 minute episodes about it because there isn't like, we're, we're not gonna go deep into the metaphors of your friends and neighbors. Right. It doesn't have that mean on the bone. But it is fun to talk about. There are great performances in there.


It's fun to look at and it's fun to think about. It's like, it's a real like throwback show. We've been comparing it to stuff like Weeds, you know, or Breaking Bad and stuff like that. And so it's this, it feels like a really vintage kind of show dropping, surprisingly in 2025 Apple's doing all kinds of surprising things. The studio is really, really hitting for me as well. So Yeah. Well I wanna talk about the studio, but that Yeah, you're right. Your friends and neighbors was probably like a 2012 Showtime show. Yeah, Exactly. It was definitely a showtime show. The package with the Affair, it's like the affair at nine o'clock and then your friends and neighbors at 10. The California Ation sort of Yeah. Yeah. Era. Yeah. It's got the model of a lot of those type of shows where Ham is the star.


It's, then you have like the second star who's like, oh, I've always liked them in this case. Amanda, Pete. Yeah. It's like, oh, great to see her again. Yeah. Yeah, exactly. I'm glad she's still in stuff, but for the most part, not it's a cast of, you know, that guy's and that ladies and people, you're like, I know, I know this person, but from where I can't even remember A huge roster side characters. I did have a question for you about your friends and neighbors. I was curious about when we were talking about it as this kind of throwback show. I was remembering that when shows like Homeland or The Good Wife came out, the result, this conversation about the teen characters and how annoying people found the teen characters. Yeah. How do you think, what do you think about the kids on, on this show, on your friends and neighbors? It's so funny you asked this. I just was talking to somebody about this who works in TV and who had kids around the same age as as my kids.


And we're just like, it's just amazing how TV gets this wrong because you would figure some of the people that write or run shows have teenage kids or just had them or, or in the middle of having them. Yeah. And they're, I I they just don't get it. They're all kind of that like, anytime you have like a female daughter, like a 15-year-old daughter character Yeah. They're always like super snarky and angry. They, they have no other dimensions other than that. The boys are always like crazy awkward. And that's just kind of what they've decided all the teen characters on all these shows could, should be. And I don't really fully understand it. What Do, what do you think they should be? Like? More people that I could see, like, you know, I judge it by the, the kids that pass through my house, right?


Yeah. Like my, my son will just have four people over randomly and I'll be like, Hey, what's happening? You know? Or same thing when my daughter was living with us in high school and I don't know, they're just kids. I think teens are way more interesting than we see on TV and maybe, maybe they don't know how to write it. I mean, I really miss when, as, as you and I both enjoy, I miss when teens were played by 30 year olds, like on N oh two one Oh. Or the oc, now they're casting actual teenagers and it, it, it highlights even more how they're getting it wrong. Because when they cast 30 year olds, we're all like, we know we're not watching actual teenagers. We're watching like an invented fantasy version of a teenager. But when you cast an actual teen, I'm like, this doesn't bear any resemblance to any teen I know in real life. Does any show get it right?


Is anyone getting it? Right? Right. Well The funniest is Landman. 'cause I think the lady who plays the teenager is like 29 in real life. She is, yeah. He's also in 1923, you Yeah. In a completely different role, but No one's getting it. Right. I you guys like Sex College girls? I thought, I thought the youngest, the youngest son on White Lotus Lock, I thought was, I thought Lockie was a pretty interesting character that had some dimensions. Now he's probably, he was heading to college, right? He was like a senior. Yeah, He was like 19. Yeah. 18, 19. Yeah. Well we were talking about when we did Can't hardly wait. Like how many of those archetypes, they either got wrong or there was way more there or stuff they missed. I just think Hollywood's always had issues with this.


Yeah, it's true. Well, I'm glad that, I'm glad to know that you think that Locke a character who gave his own brother a hand job on the white Lotus, but this white Lotus is Well, yeah. Maybe part depict. Yeah. But you just like a sense of like, I think when, you know, really depends on the air, but kids are, when they're 15, they're trying to be 17, right? Yeah. When they're 17, they can kind of see 19 and 20 in college and they wanna be adults, but they're not there yet and it's super awkward. And then when they're 19, which is another age that's in these shows a lot, that's when they become a rational confidence. Adults like my daughter now who thinks she knows everything and you know, she's like, I know I dad, I know.


And it's like, you don't know anything, but it's just, it's weird. They can never nail it. And I think a big part of it is they have tried to zag and cast the people that are more age appropriate. Yeah. And then, then you're heading into a other whole other thing where You don't know if you're getting good actors or not. Yeah, that's true. You know, my favorite thing that TV writers now and probably always have done is, yeah, they did, they did this with like Dylan on 9 0 2 oh is they give the, the teen characters their own, the pop culture interests of their generation. You know, so like if you watch Euphoria and all those kids go to a Halloween costume party and they're all like, dressed as, you know, Baz, Luhrmann's, Romeo and Juliet, or you know, like just pop culture references that are not at the time, no matter how much teens are like obsessed with the nineties right now, it's just clear that the writers' room are like, this is what we think is cool.


And the way we code our coolest characters is to give them interest in pop culture from the past. And that's, those are the cool characters on your show, right? Like Dylan, et cetera. And I just think, I just think that's really funny. They're not even trying. The Homeland daughter was really when that, that's the fork in the road for Yeah. How we did this. But I mean, your friends and neighbors, the best thing is it's basically a John Ham show and if you like John Ham, you're gonna like the show. And I like John Ham and I support all John Ham projects, but this is like John Ham just cook. You're, you're gonna, you, you rent out all your money. Your wife's sleeping with this other guy. You're paying, you're paying alimony to her.


You just got fired for no reason. Just start stealing from people, you know. I I I love Heist personally. I have a question for you as you know, I'm covering this with, with Rob Mahoney on the prestige feed. Yeah. NBA, you know, expert. What do you think of the, of the basketball player on this show? I have some questions. I have some thoughts. There was a pretty strange party basketball scene they had in one of the episodes that I was like, well this will never, ever in a million years happen. But I do, I do think some of the dynamics they have are pretty fun about like the country club dynamics, the paying, paying some sort of private coach.


How much should we spend? Do we need to get another guy? We've gotta get our daughter in a college to play this sport. Like some of that's pretty good. And then the dynamics of when you have this big extended circle of friends, which I'm certainly have had different versions of that as I get older. Yeah. One divorce or separation can be such like a catalyst Yeah. For a conversation, whether they're in the room or not for people, how do you bring it up or not? How do you talk about it? Do you take sides? So they've hit some pretty good stuff, but this to me is like a typical Apple show. It's like the morning show. It's just these kind of fun shows that you have to watch kind of one episode of and you get it. Yeah, I was thinking about Bad Monkey similar like in that vein in that it's like, it's such a showcase for Vince Vaughn and then everything else that's happening around him.


But like if you love Vince Vaughn, you're gonna love Bad Monkey and if you love John Ham, you're gonna love your friends and neighbors. And I guess, But that's kind of the Apple model, right? They the person to put in the square picture with the title of the show and you always know who it is. Right. It's like, oh, Vince Vaughn. Yeah. Okay. What's he up to? Yeah. And sometimes it doesn't work where it's like Billy Crystal, he's a psychiatrist and he looks sad. I don't, I'm gonna stay away. I don't No thanks, but that's what They do. Yeah. But then like you, I mean, yeah, the studio is writing a lot on, you know, do you like Seth Rogan? Here's the studio. But I think the studio has much, much more on its mind to say about Oh yeah. The world it's existing in. Are you, I, you and Sean and I talked about the studio early season.


How are you enjoying as you now that you've seen more? Yeah, we did The Prestige. We did the first like think, I think three. And I think we were all really interested in it. You guys liked it a little more than I did. I thought the energy was definitely a choice. And they've kept that energy every episode. It's really interesting. It's okay. You know, to me it's like the rehearsal or some of these other things where people decide creatively we're going for it and you're either gonna be for the ride or you're against it. And they have a lot to say about the studio system, why things are made, why choices are made. They're trying to satirize and parody everybody at the expense of where sometimes you watch and you're like, ah, come on.


That wouldn't happen. But I don't think they care. Right? Yeah, no. So it's a fun hang. I I think the, it seems like the younger generation, like Craig Beck loves it. Yeah. Right. So for, there's a certain generation that isn't familiar with the player and the, some of the other times that people have made shows like this. So for the first time they're seeing a show like this and they're like, this is Great. Oh, so you're like, you feel like, oh, you don't even know the player. You don't know, you don't know what you're missing. Yeah. Or like Larry Sanders or a lot of these. Yeah. It's, it's dipping and pulling from a lot of things I've already seen. So like, I kind of know I like, I'm not, I don't find it that surprising. But You don still glad that exists. So what do you think? Yeah. What's been your take through seven episodes?


I, I love it. And there's been moments that I've been really surprised by. Like, I think the biggest moment that surprised me was, it's not an episode that I loved overall, but the fact that they got Olivia Munn, I'm sorry, Olivia Wild and Olivia Munns obviously, and your friends and neighbors, Olivia Wilde to sort of parody herself after having been under such scrutiny Right. For her work as a director. I thought that was pretty interesting that they had that conversation with her and was like, look, it'll be great for everyone. You'll show that you have a sense of humor about yourself and we'll just go ahead and do it. I think, I think that's always really fun when you can imagine the conversations that they had with the person who's playing themselves and say, look, everyone's gonna really love that you did this, that you, that you know, that you let them know that you know what they're all talking about.


And, and you showed an even more extreme version of it on screen. And That's been the blueprint for all of these things where they're always able to get good cameos that are smartly thought out where it's like, here's this public perception of you we're gonna twist this a certain way and try to use this so, and this will be a win for you. And then usually it's Ron Howard made in episode three. It works, But the rest. And I think I, I think it's really interesting to think about to your point about like the rehearsal or the studio. We, I complain all the time, all of us who cover TV complain all the time that there's too much television. And there is, there are tons of shows that go unwatched unnoticed by people.


But the advantage of having so much television is that people will, studios will green light something that seems really niche or really ought to really experimental like the rehearsal and just say, go for it. Yeah. We have the space, we have the time, we have, we think we have the money. Now they're realizing they don't have all the money in the world, but we think we have the money to try this. Let's try it. And when it hits, it's extraordinary that something like, like the rehearsal exists, you know, and you, you don't get that in the sort of TV landscape that you and I grew up in. That's a great point. Well I feel like, you know, I think about the, the studio and what's missing for me. 'cause I've watched every episode.


I look forward to it. I don't always love it, but I'm always, I'm glad it exists. Yeah. I don't like Seth Rogan's character. I don't, I'm not rooting for him. Yeah. I, I like how he's drawn out. Like I get it. Like I totally get the character, but you're making him the hero of a show. But he's not a hero. Which I think is the point. Yeah. But it's like I as, so I'm seven episodes in, it's like, am I rooting for this guy to flame out or figure out like, oh I can actually use my powers to save Hollywood. And maybe the show hasn't figured that out, but they we're on this journey with him and I don't know what the journey is and I'm not sure what my role is. Am I rooting for him or against him? It's funny, I don't know if the show's figured it out.


It's funny to hear you describe that 'cause I am rooting for him. But I hear what you're saying in that he's a doofus. He is a, he is like a fuck up, like all this sort of stuff like that. So, but that's the exact same journey I'm on with your friends and neighbors where I'm watching John Han's character Coop and I'm like, am I supposed to like this guy? Am I supposed to be rooting for him? Yeah. I don't mind the crime. I don't mind the b and EI love a heist, but like, he seems like he was a bad husband and a bad dad and you know, like kind of a callous dude. Am I supposed to be wanting him to succeed or wanting him to get busted? What am I, what am I looking for inside of this show? And that doesn't, like, it doesn't have to be someone, a character doesn't have to be someone I'm rooting for.


They just have to be someone I'm interested in. You know what I mean? Right. And so, like, if you're interested in what Seth Rogan is doing in the studio for me, that can carry me beyond whether or not I want him to succeed or not. Do you know what I mean? Yeah, I know what you mean. I, I think it's weird both shows, even though I think the studio probably put a little more thought into everything it's trying to do than your friends and neighbors. But I think both of them are trying to say something that's not about the main star. Right. The studio is pretty obviously trying to make all of these points about this is why we all complain about Hollywood all the time. This is the thought process. These are the people that are responsible for the choices of the shows and movies that make you mad. Yes. When You don't understand why there's not more good stuff.


This is why Yeah. You're seeing all of it right now. So I get that these are The people who don't know how to write teenagers on your favorite TV show, Et cetera. Exactly. Yeah, yeah, Yeah. Your friends and neighbors I think is way less interested in the John Ham piece and more interested in this whole culture of wealthy people, their relationship with one another, their possessions and the fact that yeah, they have stuff and they don't even realize stuff's gone when they're just collecting things. They don't even know what it is. They have a basketball court, they don't use it. They want their daughter to play tennis 'cause it'll get her into college and it'll be a good thing for them, not for the daughter. And so it's, it's, it's hitting this like why are the choices that all these wealthy people are making, what's the point of them that I, I actually think is a really interesting concept.


Well I think it's interesting to watch your friends and neighbors right off the heels of White Lotus, which is also a show that that tries to the smarter Version. Yeah. Look at rich people and hey man, they also have problems. They're not happy even though they're surrounded by all this luxury. Yeah. But I think it's, Except for Greg Gary, he didn't have problems. Oh, he's fine. He figured it out. He's totally, he's a great house and he knows what he likes sexually. He's good. But I think both those shows are trying to have it both way, both ways where they're cri critiquing that class of person while also inviting you to sort of luxuriate in this world and just have this sort of escapist fantasy that you too can have a watch that costs this much money or you know, a swimming pool that looks like this.


Or a catered birthday party that looks like that. You know, like that. Or A shove of watches. Yeah. Just like, here are all my luxury watches one by one. Do You have a watch shelf bill? Yeah, definitely. 100%. No, I dunno man. Is there, is there anything on your friends and neighbors that you saw that you're like, yeah, I should, I should do that. That's something I should do? Yeah, I mean when they went to the guy's little private basketball court, I was like, ah, that's a, that's pretty impressive. Yeah. Little indoor court out of nowhere. They, some of the, the, the part they maybe don't hit hard enough, especially with older parents is how drunk people get and that Oh, they, they've gotten in a little bit.


But it's definitely something you see when, when people have like, the kids go to college and it's just like the couple left, like people getting like hammered it, it's like this whole, that's what I've never seen in these shows in the right way where it's like, whoa. The, they can't even walk and they're 54. The more you talk about this bill, the more I want you to make this show. I want you to make the show. So I should show should be a consultant. Yeah. I want you to make the show where you get the teenage characters Right. And show what the empty the, like, the well to do empty nesters do once their kids are off to college. It doesn't even have to be well to do. I think it's everybody. You're, you're, if you're building like your whole life around work and your kids and, and then the kids just go, some people first thought you better really like who you're married to, which I'm fortunate enough I really enjoy my wife's company still.


Yeah. But you better really like whoever you're married to. Yeah. And you better be prepared for like, guess what, there's gonna be a moment when your kids don't really wanna hang out with you and they're just gonna leave and they're gonna go and it's just gonna be you guys. And some people are like, that's how it goes. Alright. Coming to Apple. Wait, can we talk about last of us? Sure. What do you wanna say? I don't watch that show. I know you don't. I know. Are you Having any, are you having fomo given that the last of us and, and or is, are dominating at least a lot of the conversations we're having at The Ringer. Is that something like, do you, does it bum you out to not be watching these shows? Or how do you feel? I, I don't, I think I'm gonna watch Last of Us at some point.


Really? Yeah. Okay. I I do. And by the way, gonna say I watched the first five episodes. Yeah. I just wasn't, for me, those bleak end of the world type things, like you really kind of have to be in the mood and the, and you know, post, post covid, I wasn't really that interested to explore the end of the world, but maybe I'll get there in the late 2000 twenties, I dunno. And or something like, that's one where I think you really have to buy into the Star Wars universe and I think it becomes more meaningful. Right. I, I just couldn't step into and, or unless I had some background Right. To a certain degree. But I think, you know, when you listen to Chris and Andy talk about it on the watch, you know, they have been so disillusioned with Star Wars.


They might have grown up on Star Wars, but they've been so disillusioned with, with like, what's going on in that, in that world and what Tony Gilroy is doing with and or is just like making a really complex show about politics and spycraft and all this sort of stuff and with like this fairly visible veneer Yeah. Of Star Wars on top of it. So I actually think you could wash and enjoy. Interesting. I should just watch the first one and see what I think. Yeah, yeah, yeah. See what you think. I mean, the problem is I'm just on these terrible channels like Tubi and Pluto and just like, oh, death Wish is on and I'm just watching some movie from 50 years ago over. Do you pull up Pluto? Because it is comforting to see the old like grid of what's on.


I love the grid. Yeah. I love the grid. I still have cable too. Same thing. I'll zip through the movie channels and Yeah. Just what's On. Yeah. The tubi main screen's great. I like what Amazon will get frisky sometimes with like nineties classics or two thousands movies you haven't seen. I like, yeah. I like having my handheld. So you're happy with the last of us? I know you're covering it all over the place. Yeah. I mean, can we spoil the big thing that has happened this season that everyone already knows about? I feel lemme talk about, I feel like at this point everybody knows. Right? Okay. How would you hide from that one? Yeah. Right. So they kill off the main character. So Petter Pascal is not on the show anymore. Looking at at it from the outside in. Outside. Like, what is, are you, do you have any reactions to that?


Yeah. Or does it I was, I was startled. Yeah, because it, they did one of those things that we've gotten used to during the social media era of Huge Surprise, you know, and you see those, that Moment on the last of us, right? Yeah, Yeah, yeah. So, you know, something happened, but then it just was persistent. And then the, the next day, of course it's on like Apple News on my phone, like, why Pedro Pascal left the last of us and they strayed true to the video game. And so obviously even me who doesn't, didn't watch the show knew that he wasn't on. So, so it stayed true to the video game, right? Or no? Yeah. That, that happens in the, there's the, there was like a first edition of the video game and then a sequel to the video game.


And in the sequel they kill off that character right at the beginning of the game. So they killed him off and we were all wondering if they would string it along just to keep their star, the Petri Pascal on the show a little longer. But they killed him in the second episode of the season. But I was just curious if it, if if that kind of move is something that makes you wanna watch the show more, if you're like, oh, they're doing something as bold as that. That's interesting. I kind of wanna check that kind of storytelling out or if you're like, because we've heard Seems risky. Well, there's been this interesting, there's been a reaction of if Pedro Pascal is not on the show, I don't wanna watch this show anymore. And I, I have to say I got a little like, bored with that because I've just heard it before and those people don't ever wind up quitting the shows.


I've just heard it for too often that people are like, I'm quitting, I'm never gonna watch the show again. We heard it on Game of Thrones every other season. People would say that in reaction to something and then more and more people watched it every, every single year. So Walking Dead was the best example of that. The first couple years when it was really a water cooler show and they would kill off a couple of people and they'd be like, what, what, how, How? I'm ne I'm quitting. I'm never coming back. And then they always do. So I'm just like, it's not, I can't believe What's the number one, what's the number one? I can't believe that killed that off. That person off characters. It, it's gotta be the, the guy in Game of Thrones, right? Sean Bean. Sean Bean Sean be she Yeah. She's the one that just like that they did that and everyone who read the books knew it was coming. But for somebody like me, it was like, I thought that was the star of the show.


It was like, what? Wait, what? How do you do that Given your allergy to genre storytelling, bill? Yeah. How did you wind up watching Game of Thrones in its very first season? Why? Because It was on East. I didn't watch it very, I didn't, I came in late. Okay. And a couple people and it was the then Grantland universe. Right. Just hammering me. But it, it got to the point where it was clearly such a great show and such a phenomenon that it was like, if I like tv, how do I not watch this? It was one of those. Yeah. And I'm trying to decide which, like between the last of us and, and or which one I wanna sort of Steer me toward.


Yeah. Bug you about for the next five years to see if I can get you to watch it. Probably Under my biggest toll, the my worst one that I'm your worst one is Sopranos. Correct. Clearly My worst one is probably six feet under. I've never never seen it. You've never seen? Yeah, I've never watched it. That is wild to me. Not, yeah. It's terrible just because it's a bad job at me. No, it's Just a such a bill show. I know. It's like a show you really like Yeah. Can't explain. Yeah. Can't explain it. Okay. That's okay. We all have those things. Yeah, that's one that I know I have in my back pocket. I never watched The Shield, which has enraged a couple people in my life, but now I feel like that's probably too dated back. No, I mean The Shield and the Leftovers is the other one that I, that's a miss for me. Yeah. But I like The Leftovers isn't a Bills show but like Shield and 600 Girl.


Oh my girl's in it though. Well yeah, Carrie's in it, but you can see her in other things. Right? I know, but IF fuck I to support. You wanna support her? To support the Car Coon franchise. Okay. I was watching, I was watching Flipping Channels and Eagle Eye was on Michelle LaBuff. Yeah. And Michelle Monaghan. Michelle Monaghan. Yeah. Much, much younger. 'cause it came out 20 years ago and I was like, wow, there's our girl. She's back. In fact, I still feel like attachments to all the, the white characters. Although it seems like our guy Walton Goggins is kind of unraveling a little bit. I Have a lot of questions Bill and no answers for you. Just only Questions people go on White Lotus and weird shit happens after They lose their marbles. It's a lot. I, I don't know. We, we support Walton Goggins always on this podcast and I'll podcast, but I just have some questions about what's happening.


I do have some intel. I don't think they're going cold in season four. What? Yeah. I tried to warn you with this. I don't think Mike White like's cold. Okay. Cold. Do you know where we're going? I dunno where we're going and I don't think they know where they're going, but I don't think it's gonna be cold's Somewhere Sunny. Okay. We're not gonna get the Swiss hot, the Swiss Alps. We're not getting Aspen. We're not getting anything with Snow, I don't think. What's the next show this year that you're excited about? What's Coming up? That you The Bear. The Bear. Yeah. And how do you watch The Bear? What else is coming? I can't, I, so here's the thing with the bear, I can't do more than two. I I think that's how you have to treat it.


But you do. And I think, think people who binge, who try to watch like five in one night, that's not the show. You can't do it. You're doing the show disservice. That's not how it was meant to be written, perceived consumed anything. But would you do two over the course of a week? Like Monday through Friday every night we're watching two? Or do you do two and space it out a couple days and two more and No, I'm saying I would watch two in a row. Right. But I'm saying like Monday night, two episodes Tuesday night, the next two episodes, Wednesday night, sort of like that. Or the problem with binge shows like that though is you don't wanna be too far behind what everyone's talking about in case you get spoiled or something like that. You know, If I was in charge of fx, I would run one on Sunday night and run out and one on Wednesday night and I would do a Sunday, Wednesday, a staggered schedule so people could talk about each one.


But then the next one's coming and that's, I just think that would work better than I told you why they started binge like the Bears a binge watch. Right? It was, it was to Ignite Hulu, wasn't it? No. Well I was told that it was because John Landgraf thought it was like too bleak and that people wouldn't stick with it if it were week to week. So I understand why they dropped the first season as a binge, but once they saw what a hit it was, I will never understand why they keep dropping it as a binge. I think it's just because they think people expected at this point. But I don't know why you wouldn't just reverse course and own the summer with the Bear, which you could easily do. So Would I, I could tell you this, it would've been great for Grantland and it would've been great for The Ringer and it would've been great for any content would be involved with Yeah.


I think the content On the watch a a great podcast on your network. Yeah. Chris and Andy interviewed Tony Gilroy about and or and he was talking about the released schedule and he was saying dropping three episodes a week. He's like, I kind of like it. It's like a little movie every week. Right. You know, so people can watch it. He was like, I do worry about the podcasters. And he sounded actually genuine. He was like, it's a lot for the podcasters to try to cover. And I was like, thanks Tony Gilroy for thinking about us. Appreciate You. Well Stranger Thinks was the other one that just doesn't care. Yeah. Yeah. And that's coming too, I think this summer, right? Yeah. Yeah. I think like Midsummer July, something like that. Yeah. The one I'm the most excited about and God knows it'll ever, when it'll ever finish and it probably won't be 25, is is when they figure out euphoria.


Especially if they do the moving the characters forward by five years gimmick. Which it sounds like they did. Yeah. I just, I've always wanted somebody to do that. I think what did like Dawson's Creek do that or some One Tree Hill, one of those shows. Oh, that advanced A one Tree. The characters got old and they just said fuck it and moved everybody forward. Yeah, that sounds like a Onery Hill move. Dawson's never did that. We had to suffer through all the years of college. Well, at the, are you the finale? The finale of Dawson's? They did a time hump. Well the, the best time hump of all time is Mallory's favorite moment in that history of television, which was the end of the affair with Old Dominic West.


With great with the, with the old h Makeup I that she's never been more delighted about anything that's ever happened. I genuinely think you two think of the Affair is one of the greatest things that's ever happened on television. It's one of our bonds. We it's we've, the first season I would stand by the lore of everything behind the show. Behind the scenes of the show. Yeah. That just became, that would be the greatest oral history, no pun intended. I think that's ever been written about a TV show. I still don't really know what happened. Euphoria would be a pretty good one too. But I love that Mallory's not here. You're just sort of like filling in for her. I appreciate you bringing That energy. I'm, yeah. I'm just taking some of her takes. I know she would appreciate it. I appreciate that energy. Yeah.


What show are you the most excited about in 25 that hasn't come out yet? Well, we got another throne show Coming up a Outta the Seven Kingdoms. We just don't know when it's coming. We thought it was coming after the last of us, but they haven't even announced a date yet. So I don't, I don't know when that's gonna happen, but I'm really, really excited for that one to podcast about it with Mallory and Chris, I think is gonna be really fun. So that one should be good. There's a, there's a new show from the creator of Mayor of East Town that gonna kill. Yeah. Yeah. That's gonna be a really good one. I think so, you know, there's, there's a lot to think about in terms of what we want from television going forward.


'cause television is radically changing in terms of how they're making it and what exactly they're making. And so I think, you know, the more that people can make it clear in terms of conversation or engaging what actually hits and what they're not actually watching. I mean, your friends and neighbors, you're, you're saying you're watching like 80% of it. Is that what you said to me? Something like that. Yeah. It's, I wish they were some way to keep like how they have or rings and Apple watches. Wait, where your eyeballs go during a TV show? It's like it like a 72%. I'm looking at the TV during it. Yeah. Is it an 80? Are we at 30? Where are we? So that's a hang show for you that's just sort of like a background watching show for you.


But with White Lotus, you were, you were sat and you were taking notes and you were ready for it. You know what I Mean? In 1923, which I really, really, really enjoyed. Yeah. And is a big show for me and my wife. Like we just, I think we, there's very few shows we equally like, like the same Yeah. Percentage. And that White Lotus was another one. But 1923 seems like it's a hang show, but you actually like are, you're popping your head up a lot on that one. What did you, it's a lot going on and I thought the actors were really good on this season. I thought the, the wife character who is trying to get back with her husband. Oh Yeah. That Guy that she, she's great and she was excellent. I thought she was an excellent actress.


She's great. What do you think of the rumors that the guy who plays her husband Brendan Senner, that he might be Batman? What do you think of that rumor? Would you like it? Interesting. Yeah. I know he has some Sidney Sweeney movie coming, right? Yeah. Like he and he has, he's in a movie with a lady from White Lotus that I think already might have come out. The girl from season two. That One I think already came out. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. So I think they're trying to make him a thing. Yeah. Him as Batman though. I don't know. I mean the one thing with him is I do feel like he's winning fights on 1923. It's like, don't fuck with it. Like he has that kind of Yeah. Energy to him that I think works. He threw that one guy overboard. Yeah. Like, you know, so I mean I, I think that would be really interesting.


Move Oh one two other shows we didn't mention before We Go Paradise was totally watchable. I thought that was probably a 72 on maybe a 67 on my eyeball scale. Yeah, definitely could like, could like go on eBay and look for stuff and just pop up and then I didn't watch it. I'm going to But the Pit oh I think was the unexpected surprise hit of the year. Right. Yeah. But the Pit is not Paradise background. Watchable the Pit Is like, no, you're locked into the pit. Yeah. It, yeah. I think the Pit is definitely, I I think and or just for what I like is the number one show of the year for me. Yeah. And it's just operating on a different level altogether.


But the Pit in terms of similar to your friends and neighbors, it feels like a show from a different era. Yeah. We feel like we're just watching Er and But Elevated er and Sounds Great. I love it. Elevated er is a great idea. Yeah. I would've bought that one in the room. Oh, we're doing Elevated er done The best part about the Pit. Not just that it ran longer than your normal HBO show runs. So you're just like really with the characters week to week for a while, but it's coming back at the top of next year. Like we don't have to wait three years for another season. Yeah. They're bringing it back at the same time next year. And so, you know, that's how we used to watch television. But yeah, the Pit is, I mean, absolutely killer. I can't wait for you to watch The Pit. I can't wait to hear your pictures.


Yeah, I'll be banging once we get through NBA playoffs when we hit like mid-June. I'm just, that's it. I, I'll be all caught up on all TV by probably mid, mid late July. So what I'm hearing though is that you want to podcast about Euphoria season three with me. That's what, that's what our plan is for. I am, I I think I'm too old to be on that podcast. Are you? But no, we're, we're, well first of all, I don't wanna jinx it 'cause God only knows with all the people involved in that show if we ever get to the end of a season three filming, but they are filming it. Yeah. So that's a win. I believe I, I choose to Believe I'm my, the, the one I'd wanna do with you is like the five year anniversary of the Idol.


Oh. Diving back in and trying to figure out exactly what happened. Is That my punishment for not having seen The Sopranos, you're gonna make me watch The Idol five years later. This what, what happened? Like, I actually don't feel like enough spend made out of them postponing the biggest phenomenon show that they had since basically non a non-Game of Thrones. Yeah. Like just an absolute phenomenon that's peaking on TikTok and instead of doing season three, the guy's like, can I do this other idea first? And then it just becomes this two and a half year shit show however long it took. Yeah. And then it was so bad they had to basically combine episodes to get out of the season. Like what are the odds?


That was a brush fire That was terrible. That that was, it Couldn't have been worse. Yeah. Okay. Five years later The Idol. What happened? What, what happened and why, what happened? Yeah. In Deep Dive. Yeah. Yeah. Coming back. Alright, so you can hear Joanne on House of R with Mallory as well as Prestige TV podcast, which was a feed we were basically like, we were holding on the side of the cliff hoping for good shows and then boom, we've we're having a really good year on The Prestige. I know there's a lot going on. Yeah. Great. Alright. Good to see you Joanna. Good to see you. Thanks for coming now. Thanks.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You can save over $200 on select homes when you stay for a week or more. Say you wanted to go catch a few baseball games in Boston, take some time off work, fly it to Beantown, watch the Sox play after that, you can do anything. Go book a VRBO in Cape Cod for a week. The world is your oyster or lobster roll or clam chowder. Really, if it has shells, gills in its indigenous to the Atlantic. It's your edible metaphor of choice. They're crustacean crazy down there. And guess what? Since you stayed longer than a week, you saved over $200. You know what that means? More shellfish. I love shellfish. Hope you're not allergic. Next vacation. Stay longer and save. Make it a vrbo.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here. And you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana. That's a no. A banana. That's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happle. Yes. A Day of Sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah. Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now, alcohol and Select Markets. Product availability may vary by Region C App for details.


We are taping this. It is Thursday morning. There's so many storylines in play. Big picture that I had to bring. The guy who's seen it all. Bob Ryan, who is the best ever at comparing players different eras. He's seen everything. I What guy do you wanna start with? Because I, I really want your big picture context on some of this stuff. You wanna go Anthony Edwards, age 23, taking it to the Lakers, taking down DeRay last year, taking down Luke and LeBron this year. What you see with him, I, Interesting. There was a point in the middle of the season when I, In fact, I don't even know if Twitter had turned to X yet, but I either Twitter tweeted or Xed that he's got some Michael Jordan in him.


And then next thing you know, I saw that somebody of, you know, in real consequence saying the same thing made me feel very good. He does have Michael Jordan in him. There's Michael Jordan has qualities in his game. Same size, body type, range of skill, swagger. He's got swagger, God knows. And you know, we took, he, he got everyone's attention last year in the World games. Even though we lost, he was the best player on the team. That was news to a lot of us that he would be the best player on that team. Right. And, and he's built on that. And he's, he's a growth stock. My god. You know, they've got something very special there. So yeah, he's got my attention.


He got That. Wait, hold on. Can I say on Edwards, so World Games was two years ago and then last year was the big playoff run Olympics. I'm sorry. No, I'm just getting the chronology right. When he, when he No, That's just fair. But that's where he got my first, first got my, now I was aware of him at Georgia and I, I knew people that thought he was very talented, but, but there was something missing. But whatever was missing doesn't, he appears to have found it. Well you think last year versus this year? Last year was the, whoa, Anthony Edwards, he's here. I can't believe it. I didn't realize he was, whoa. There's a little Michael Jordan here this year. Even though he sucked in the, he sucked in the closeout game last night. He couldn't make a three. But Rudy Gobert said something interesting after that I agreed with, 'cause I went to the game.


He made all the right plays. Like he wasn't making the threes, but they were the right threes to take. He, they kept sending these doubles, staggered, doubles at 'em. He usually was making the right decisions. And the truth is, if they had made some threes, they would've won by by 30. But I'm with you. Like I didn't go to the famous game. I know you did the 63 point game that MJ had. And I hate comparing anyone to mj. He's the best part I've ever seen. But there are pieces and it's undeniable when you see it in person where you're like, ah, that kind of, just the way he is carrying himself, the way he's easily going by people, the way he easily seems like he's the best athlete in this game. It does bring back some memories. I gotta be honest. It's fair.


It's Bill, it's always fair, fair to guys, say guys remind you of great players. And there's qualities about them without going overboard and saying that they are that guy or, or, or is better than that guy. I mean, absolutely. And then he people, there's, there's types. We all know that. There's all kinds of types. There's guys that remind you of the, and then there are certain people that I don't re you know, you, they, they're, they stand apart that they're, and I always say that one of the things that the truly great players have something special that, that you, you is uniquely theirs. There's a, there's a, something about their style. Maybe it's a quirk of, of some kind.


But, you know, and, and it don't have to be the top of the line player, but I mean, I'm talking about just a hall of fame level. Excellent player can be very special in a way that nobody else reminds you of him, for example. And you'll like this. I think, I'm not saying he's the greatest player or the greatest guard of all time. I'd like that, but I've never seen another Dennis Johnson. There's something about his package, that's the word we want to use. The packaging his package was, was special and different and, and, and worked for him. And I haven't seen anybody. It reminds me, I've never seen anybody reminds me of him. And yet there were plenty of other great players that somebody would, you know, reminds you of them.


Yeah, Dennis Johnson's a good one. 'cause he had size. He could kind of jump, but he would pick his spots. We got him, the Celtics was like a slightly different part of his career 'cause he was so good on Seattle and they, you know, it was a big part of those two finals teams. But the way he would pick his spots, the only person that kind of reminds me of him is Drew with the way Drew has gears during the season and then gears in games and then in a fourth quarter can elevate a level where he goes from being a role player to being, you could really feel it in the Celtics, Orlando series where it's just like, I, I, I feel like Drew and sometimes I feel like he's the second most important guy in the Celtics for the late game stuff. It's always in the right spots, can always count him, get the right rebound.


I always feel like he's gonna make a three, he can guard anybody in the other team. And that, that part reminds me of dj, I think. But I think you're right. There's DJ was a one-on-one, But of course I, part of that is when we knew him and we knew, we saw night in a night out and understood the, the, the, the, the overall approach that he took, which was that he didn't play a hundred percent all the time. He took nights off. And at least in the 85, 86, he absolutely positively, but he pre announced them to the team, to Danny specifically. I love this Danny, tonight you're getting the shots. And he always picked a team that they were going to kick their ass at home. It was a game, the way the game was going be won.


And, and you could see I've got the vlogging game by game and oh, minutes played 28 FGA four, you know, Danny Minutes played, you know, FG because DJ was taking the night off. And yet the converse is when he, when the big games came, you wanted that guy and Larry Bird would be the first one to tell you. And he, as he, as he famously anointed him as the best player he ever played with. And, and, and, and never backed down from that. Right. Well, you know, another 1 0 1, this a fun convo just 'cause like, like I always think about this stuff and you're one of the fa Yeah, I probably learned it from you.


I've never seen anyone rebound like Moses, like Moses at his peak. I've never seen anybody, whatever he was doing, I, I remember writing about in my book where he would go, he'd almost go to the baseline almost out of bounds. And then he would just back into people. And I've never seen anyone do that before since like, he would just use his ass as this like weapon. And all of a sudden guys were flying backwards and he was right next to the rim and I've just never seen it. He was special and, and in that regarded but rebound because to me the number one rule of rebounding, do you want the damn ball or don't you? And, and you know, he wanted every rebound. I mean, and there's two types of, of, of statistically good rebounders. There's guys that get what comes to them and they're big and they're strong or they're athletic and, and there's guys that get rebounds that quote don't belong to them, unquote.


And, and Moses was the champion of getting rebounds that didn't belong to him. And that's what he lived for. Rebounding was his rai was his identity and his Yeah, I know when that mattered, that was the part of the game that mattered the most to him. There, there was, there wasn't any question about that. He, he was an okay offensive player. He didn't have a great repertoire. You know, he had a big man post, you know, a power stuff, but he wasn't a finesse any way, shape or form a finesse offensive player. But he sure was a, a phenomenal rebounder. Yeah, that's what I love though. Game four of the Golden State series, Draymond made that big stop and then Butler claimed flying in for this crazy rebound in traffic. And it's just like, I'm getting this rebound that was, I went to the Laker game last night and they're just getting killed on the boards and everybody's just kind of looking around at each other like, I don't know, are you get, but nobody was like, shit, I better get some rebounds.


You know, like I think about 2010 game seven Casa was, you know, really taking it to KG, but Kobe 'cause he wasn't making shots and Kobe's like, I'm just gonna have to go get, try to get as many rebounds as I can. And came flying in. And that's what swung that game. Nobody in the Lakers did that last night. Everybody was like, ah, Rudy Gobert. I wish we had a center. And they, you could watch them rolling over in real time. It was kind of crazy. Interesting. Yeah. Well, I think the whole thing, they, they, I'm guessing I wasn't, I never did anything against in person as you did, but the, the Lakers, I guess recognized the futility of their circumstance some point during the middle of this series. Right. Inherently.


And I mean, you know, and they, they just weren't, they didn't have a deep enough roster. They, they're lucky they had two guys, let alone three. And anyway, we all know you saw it and you know, so now we'll see what that off-season brings. All right. More guys now and and where you see them. Yeah. What, who is Brunson to you? Brunson almost seems like he's at, in 1974. Like he could have been bru easily on the, on the Knicks with Walt Frazier. Yeah, very, very true. You could brunson's one of those guys that you could easily see playing in, in, in 1968. All-Star game as well as playing today. There's, I, I had two guys in a pre previous generation that I said were complete throwbacks games. That they were in combinations of the 1950.


They could, the combination of Dolf Chas in the 21st century, Paul Pierce and Manu Ginobili, those two guys had old games and, and spiced up with a three pointer. You know, they, they, they added the little extra sauce, which was the three pointer. Right. But other than that, their game translated very well in previous generations. Brunson, he just, he, he makes, he, he shows you what, what you have to do if you're going to excel at his size. And he's figured out, you know, angles, he's figured out deception, timing. He's strong, he's strong. He can take a bump and, and, and keep his shot when he goes to hoop. And, and he just un he's got a basketball mind, the PhD, you know, he's a, he's a, a player's son and, and his coach's son who really had obviously absorbed all the lessons and, and you, and he's got, and people talk about the, the flopping.


It doesn't even bother me at all. I think that's just, he's just smart, that's all. Yeah. I don't bo I don't mind it with him. I got what I mind it with some people over the years, but it doesn't bother me at all with him. I, I, I, I, you go guy. I love him. I just think he's, he's, he's a special. And here's the thing, bill, when they got him now, I always had my eye on him back to Villanova. And, and now of course I didn't see him play much in Dallas, you know, but I knew he was there. But when they got him, I said, oh, that the good move. Very good move. But they've overpaid. He's not a star. He's a, he's a wonderful auxiliary player. That's what I thought. Oh boy. Is he turned out to be worth every penny for them. Yes. Do you, do you make anything, do you make anything of the fact that only one team built around a small guy in the history of the league has ever won a title?


Well, the Thing is, yes. I think it's, I think it's a good historical lesson. In fact, I've had this discussion in this year with people about, you go back over the history of the NBA and I, I'm only can think of one in my time anyway, you know, I'm, I'm, and I'm thinking about what I know about the fifties. And CZI never won till he got Russell. And, and, and so, and he was the preeminent guy. And then, and the other guys, the other global guards of his near near him were Sater Martin. And he did win. He had Mike in and yeah, and Bobby Davies. And they won one in 51. But anyway, Isaiah Thomas arguably was the best player on the Bad Boy Pistons. And they went back to back and could have won three in a row.


And 'cause they were jogged in 88 on a terrible call, don't get me started, lamb beer. You know, when they put lamb beer, they put Kareem on the line. And that was a terrible call. But anyway, Isaiah, I think we're on the same page here, only ex only Stockton never won. You know, Chris Paul N. Nash, no. You know, no. So, no, it's hard. It's hard when your best player is a point guard and, and the next best player is a point guard. And so now we, we, you know, we'll see how far they can go not just this year, but in the future with their best player being Jalen Brunson.


Yeah. 'cause there was a great book about the, the Pistons in the late eighties, how they put together that title team with McCloskey called the franchise. And it was all about them with this conundrum of the league had been around for four decades at that point. Isaiah was their best players, one of the best players in the league, but nobody had ever won with a small guy. So what do you have to do? And basically the answer was, Isaiah had to give up a lot of his offense, lead the team really. He could have had 30 a game. Instead he scored like 22 a game, 23, whatever it was. And he was trying to get everyone else involved. And sometimes I wonder, like when I watch Brunson, how much he has the ball, if he's not, like, are they better off with him scoring seven less points a game?


You know, That issue was raised earlier in this series in, at least in the New York Post. Anyway, I didn't read, I read that every day and I didn't see it. And, and they raised that issue and that he, he, he's got to be less ball dominant for this team. And, and the next came out. He was. And In fact, so yeah, that's a very, it's a final, it's like so many things in basketball. That's why I love the, among the reasons I love the game I love, but, but the, the, the what goes into winning, you know, and, and the, they, they need to calibrate guy's skills. That's what I always said about, about Jordan and the difference when Jordan, people think he didn't win a championship.


Yeah. He got, he needed, he won a championship when he finally got Scotty Pippen as a, as a tremendous sidekick. But until he learned how to calibrate his skills with the other guys and not, you know, and, and, and balance it out and, and know when to take over, when not to take over, know who to go to when not, I mean this, this all very, very important stuff that you just don't throw together talent. You gotta you gotta play the game in a quote unquote right way. And, and that, that's a universal truth. And, and you gotta figure out how I'm gonna blend with the other guys. There's one ball and five guys and, right. I know. I mean, but, and Mr. Pete Caril used to talk about that. Bradley grew up thinking that way. And, and you gotta, you gotta be able to think that way.


Bernard understood that. And, and, and I, god knows magic understood that, and Michael didn't originally do, even though it came outta North Carolina when Dean, but he finally figured it out. And once he did the championship started to flow. How about Lu? What, first of all, is he 1 0 1 and second, do you think he'll ever understand that balance of I have to make everybody else better, maybe I don't need to score 35 a game. Where where does he, where do you see for him from a title standpoint? Yeah, Now, first of all, before we get that, I was thinking that I know one person sitting back having an extra to late tidy night last year was Nico Harrison. He must have been smiling as the Lakers out the window. Alright. Anyway, yeah, Luca interesting there because he does have the ball, you know, all the time.


And I, I, it's Todd, IIII, I think he's still, he's still only 25. He's still got lessons he can learn. I I and, and I think he's smart enough to, to, to feel, recognize that he's got to think in those, in these terms that we're talking about. But the Lakers still unfortunately for them, you know, their roster is shy. And, and now, now who knows where they go from here with LeBron airing. We played 40 years, 41 years old in December of this year. Yeah. And is he gonna play again? And blah, blah, blah. Now Lucas is interesting, you know, in, in that regard. He is, he's so skilled. But that's, that's the thing that, that when you have all that skill, you have to learn how to utilize it properly.


There's no question. You know, and some nights it seems like that he does, and, and other nights he's got the ball too much. So I don't think he's fully gotten there yet. Yeah. I wonder, I'm sure they're gonna be talking all summer. Is he gonna get in shape how seriously he's gonna take this whole defense. Yeah. There's the whole defense thing too, with him. You know, and I wondered, my big question about the series before they started was, will people, will, will the other guys be able to take advantage? You know, how much can you exploit him on defense? You know, and, and it, it happened And that's something that the Lakers have to be, you know, realistic about. Yeah. They, the Lakers case hinged on, hinged on, can Luca not get torched on defense?


Can we get any rebounds and how much can we ask from LeBron? And as the series went along, LeBron started to die, especially in these fourth quarters. He, so he's, you said he's gonna be 41 next year during the playoffs? I think that's right. Yeah. Have A December 30th is his birthday, so I know that. Yeah. So Hava check, that's go check played go ahead. 16 years. And it seemed like 40 when ha when Hache it was like, oh my God, somebody played 16 years in the NBA this is impossible. But then probably could have played a couple years more. Like he, you were going, John Did not, I I, by the way, I've got a column in the hopper. It's either gonna come out Sunday or the week after.


They, they, they didn't tell me which one they wanna run. It's on, it's on Hle check, by the way, for reasons that you'll see. Okay. And, and you, and you'll like, okay, but I know you'll like it. But John did not quit because he couldn't play anymore. His game had diminished. Sure. To me he averaged 16 points a game that year, but he could still play. And, and he, he fame, he, he, he, you know, when he, he said he would've hung around if he had any idea how good bird was gonna be, you know, and, and he would've hung around anyway. No, John played 16 years, he was ended 38, went out with a 29 point game, and, and he quit. 'cause he didn't like the circumstance anymore. He wasn't having fun with, with the way that the Celtics had deteriorated in, in the locker room, quite frankly.


Yeah. And it was a, it was a down period. And so anyway, but he still had skill. He, he, he went out, he, he went out to being able to play. But he was 38 that year. He ended, In fact, he ended the day, his last game was the day after his 38th birthday, by the way. And that just so happened he had turned 38 the day he was born April 8th, 1940. And his last game was April 9th, 1978. Wow. Yeah. 'cause there always, always stories about how he would come and like, just play with them and scrimmages and stuff. That's true. When like, three, four years later and was still pretty good. And they couldn't believe how good he was. These guys, these young guys, you know, that, that the, this this, yeah.


That was his birthday present to himself to come to practice and suit up. That was fun. Well, so I mean that, this is the question with LeBron. 'cause we saw it with Brady where he just kept playing and, you know, in the 2017 18 range and they had Garoppolo and it's like, how long can this go? They need a succession plan. Quarterbacks don't play this long. And then he just kept going and going and going. Like, I do feel like there can be generational freaks. I I really wonder how long LeBron can go. I think he could still keep playing, but if he's gonna be making $50 million a year as one of your two expensive guys, that's where it becomes problematic, right? Because you're, you're just asking like, you're asking for 9, 10, 9 months a year potentially if you're gonna win the finals from this guy that you need to rely on for all these different things because he is in your $50 million spot.


And that's where I don't know what the, it, it almost seems like the answer might be maybe he needs to take less and try to boost up the team and think about it that way. But I don't know if he would do that. I don't know. That's obviously would be a very rational solution that, you know, we know along the way. Supposedly Brady was able to do that in his time, right. With the contracts. And, and, and it's always wonderful and, and you know, the mon with the money that we're talking about these people make, it shouldn't be that hard of a decision if you really wanna win, you know, the, you know how much Plus they make it off the court too, right? Like they can still make up money all these different ways. But the, the issue about whether how long he, he's occasionally he's has he not at at times over the years or recent years, when somebody would kiddingly say about playing Neo 45 not dismiss the possibility that he wouldn't keep, wanna keep playing till he is 45.


You know, I mean, if he deter I to look at, I I I remember thinking about Brady this way. If you were to deteriorate, take a percentage, five, 10%, you know, how much would you still like to have to have him? And the answer was always us still take, if Devon deteriorates 10% next year, okay. Yeah. That's still a pretty good player based on what he was able to produce this year. Right. And so it it, you know, that he certainly could still play in this game. He is in phenomenal shape. We learned that he spends literally a million dollars a year and on conditioning Yeah. And more. Yeah. And, and he, we see the benefit of it.


It's, and, and we've never been, we've had old guys, we've got, they've always been the oldest, the two oldest guys I can think of that played longest long where, where Kevin Williston and Robert Par, who still holds the record for most games, which I guess LeBron eventually won make Clipse, but, Well, and then the old old washed up Kareem I think got to 42, didn't he? Wasn't he like 41 or 42? But, but those guys got into their 42 and three range. Yeah. Those guys typically punch LeBron. But, but they weren't running up, they weren't doing the work. You know, the, the up and down work that, that LeBron does, you know, they were doing the down low lower work. But anyway, we haven't seen anything like this.


What I'm babbling to say, we haven't seen anything like this before. Anybody that could play the game, the way he plays it at this time, at this level, at at this age, we haven't seen that before. He's, he's, you know, it's a whole new territory that we're exploring. Yeah. I voted for him second team on NBA and I stand by it. Yeah, right. I just thought he was one of the, I mean, there were a lot of injuries, but Jason Tatum, what do you see when you see him? Who do you see, who do you see pieces of with Jason Tatum. Jason Tatum at six feet, 10 is the most all around skilled player the Celtics have ever had at six feet, 10. You know, Larry didn't possess that kind of ball handling ability.


Larry didn't possess that kind of get your own shot at your will or against almost anybody at any time. You know, most people. But there were people, you know, we know that could give him, irritate him. This guy, the, it's funny because he, he's, he's like pierce on steroids because, you know, I, I declared 20 years ago that Paul Pierce was the best scoring machine in Celtic history. You know, not the best player still Larry, but, but the best scoring machine that he had, the every aspect of scoring, you know, in know, they say now all three levels, right? Yeah. Well the fact is that his mid range games was superb and he can get a shot off anytime he wanted and he could. And he had a three point range.


And he is the best bill. I think he's the best finisher on a break the Celtics have ever had was was Paul Pierce. And he had that, and he, and don't foul him because he's an 80 plus percent way up there, mid eighties percent homer free throw shooter. This is the best all round consummate individual offensive player that they've ever had. Jason Tatum is making a bid for this honor. And, and matter of fact, I'm sure a lot of people now think he's already earned it. And it's funny you mentioned, not funny, but I'm glad you mentioned this because I've already been on local public record as saying he just came off yet another yawn routine, 35 point x rebound extasis game in a playoff. And he's not getting enough credit for it here in Boston.


He's not. Right. This is part of the curse of the, the history of the franchise. He's, he's up against, you know, the Hicks and the Larry's and the Pierces. That's, that's who, what happens when you come to Boston and, and there's good in that and there's bad in that, you know, and, and this guy is, I, he's, he's, I hope he's gonna be totally appreciated for what he's done and how much he's improved his game. And then broaden this game. Last year, the big thing I took away from the playoffs with him was improved defensive rebounding, traffic rebounding. I thought he, he, he became a terrific traffic rebounder last year, which, and to the likes I hadn't seen before. We know he's broadened his passing game, you know, and, and, and then his individual offense sometimes, I mean, some of these step backs, they're, you know, course all over the league were getting used to it.


Curry has set a template, you know, for distance that you've gotta match now. And you, because I used to call it Curry land now I call it Caitlyn Clark land. But that's the story for another day. And, but you know, look at the shot that shot. How about the shot that Carl Anthony Ks made that, that last jumper the other night did Five? Yeah. After we had the one we was going outta bounds, which was a, that was a bird-like shot going out of bounds on a, on a baseline, making that from almost behind the backboard, the next shot that was five feet behind the Ark minimum. Yeah. Seven feet tall. But Pierce has, excuse me, Tatum has this ability to make step backs almost in that range. And, and people, I think people here I'm take him for granted.


I really do. And, and I don't know what more they want outta him, frankly. I agree with you. I've been talking about it all year and then people get mad at me that I'm talking about the Tatum too much. And I just feel like he's made such a leap from two years ago to last year, but then last year to this year where there was, I thought Tatum and Brown last year were one A, one B in a lot of ways. Brown was awesome last year. And the distance between them, you know, it was, you never knew who was gonna be the best guy in a given game. Now Tatum is clearly the best guy in the team. I think he's clearly either the third or fourth best guy in the league. And you didn't even talk about like how good his defense is and his ability to guard all these different positions.


But that the rebounding is the thing I love the most. I he's their best rebounder by far. You take a game like that Minnesota Lakers game last night, he just would've gone under there and battled Gobert and gotten like 14 rebounds. 'cause he is like, this is, we're gonna lose unless I do this. I think I, I appreciate that piece of it the most. I just think he's turned in such a, I don't wanna say bully, but there's, there's, there's a toughness to him this Year's. I, I mean, obviously, and, and he's he's smart and, and confident, but humble too. He's, yeah. You know, there's nothing, nothing like with this and, you know, the whole package.


I don't see anything. He's a no. Yeah. Buts, you know, I don't have a Yeah, but, and on him and, and we, and we know off the court is his personal life with it, his wonderful kid. And, you know, the whole thing is he's, he's entirely readable is where I'm spit trying to spit out here. Yeah. I I think this year pe people will appreciate him more. I think if this goes a couple more rounds, I think he's gonna get no, they Win If they win, you know, if they don't win, you know, they'll be all this. And, and I get, don't get me, you know, I, I'm not a championship or a bust guy. Okay? Yeah. I never have been and never will be because too many variables going to winning any championship, including in this, you in game seven and things are going great and then somebody goes down, it can happen.


And, and we know that. So I I, I don't take anything for granted There. I I'll say this, and I, I'm going off tee here a little bit. If anybody other than OKC Cleveland or Boston wins, I'll be stunned. One of those three is gonna win. You gotta draw a line after those three teams in this league. You have to. And that's that. And one of them's gonna win. And I dunno which one I'm, I'm anxious to see. So I had the, and we're taping this for Game six, equippers Denver. I had the Clippers in that conversation and just, I must had amnesia with James Harden. I just, I just, I think I just forgot, I don't know. Maybe I blocked it out of my mind or whatever. And it's like, of what am I doing? Of course, of course they're not making the finals with, with James Harden.


I should have known. Let's, let's take a quick break and then we'll come back. I wanna talk about Yoic.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day, Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Ultra running. Every pair of ultra shoes has a roomy toe box and zero to load drop, which lets your toes spread and keeps your foot in a more natural position. All in the name of comfort and performance with a variety of styles. There's a shoe for everyone. It's comfort. You have to feel to believe. Try Ultra for yourself with a free 30 day trial and free shipping@ultrarunning.com.


Alright, we're talking history, current NBA, gotta talk Yoic. I went to the game Saturday when he just would not let them lose against the Clippers and basically played the whole game and just did everything. And it was a man, it absolutely possessed. And it was, you know, it was up there for me with LeBron and Game six in 2012. And some of the Jordan stuff I'd seen in person. Just when I'm thinking about the best players I've ever seen in person, this now move, this moved him just being at that game and just being like, oh my, I can't believe how good this guy is. Where, where do you put him? I never thought we'd see another Bill Walton.


I never thought we'd see another bird. And yet there's pieces of both of those guys and a lot of the stuff he's doing. And he is also doing way more than that. But when you watch him, like, did you ever think we'd see anything like this ever? Let's go back early in his career here. And I remember a local writer out out there can talk to me and asked him about his passing and how did I think his passing rated with, with Walton. And I hadn't seen enough of them to have, I, I couldn't believe I was having this discussion that anyone would be so sacrilegious as to suggest that there was a center who had come along to pass anywhere near as well as Bill Walton.


And guess what? He said that that was a fair He is right. I mean, he's there and the, the, you, we can have the argument. He, he's so and so, that's the thing. He, he's not only is he as good a passers Walton, but he's far superior scorer. Oh my God. You know, not even question. And and so my, my position on centers, as you probably well know, I mean the, you start with the three A timers and whichever one you wanna make the devil's advocate argument for, go right ahead, Russell Kareem and, and Wilt, you know, and I could, you know, fine, I mean, I'm a Russell Guy, but I mean, I totally respect the other two for what they were. And, and, and then I said, that's, then you draw a line.


Now we start who's number four? Well, now we got a guy firmly entrenched in the, in, in the discussion that we'll see how it all plays out, how many championships he'll win or whatever it is. But in terms of wanting to watch somebody play, I'll tell you what, he's at top of the list. I mean, it's extraordinary. You don't know what he's gonna do next. You don't know what incredible pass he's going to conjure up. You don't know what, how many threes he's gonna make. You don't know how what what great rebound he's going to get. No, he's a, he's a treasure. I mean, my God, he's, it's, it's, it's a total delight to watch. And, and, and he isn't, you know, he, he's still got a long way to go.


You know, depending on how long he wants to play. We don't know. We know he, we know he might wanna go become a jockey, you know, a seven foot jockey someday, who knows, who knows about that? But, but anyway, you, I'm, I'm Count me among the, the admirers. The idolaters of, of Nikola Lejo. Yeah. Ssc and I had talked about this a little on Sunday that this whole theory that he's just gonna retire when he is 34 and be done with it after gonna that game on Saturday. I don't believe it. The guy's too competitive. You don't shut that off. Like he was an absolute full fledged maniac in that game. And just in general, like, you know, there's pieces, like obviously there's some Walton, there's a lot of bird.


One of the things that him on defense reminds me a lot, lot Bert always had the, the reputation of being not a good defense player. Meanwhile, he made all defenses and was always up there in steals. But his ability, Yoko's ability to read what the other team's gonna do on offense and know what they're doing in advance and then fuck it up basically before as they're doing it, jumping in these spots where they're like, oh, I didn't know somebody was gonna be there. He's just, his brain's always moving. It's in person. It's unbeliev. I never thought after Bird of Magic, I never thought I would see somebody that processed a game like that. You know? And I, it's, to me, that's the standard. It's always a danger of allowing yourself to think that way.


I've done it myself. I'm not gonna, you're never gonna see anything. I mean, when Halek retired, you know, I mean, of course. And we haven't seen, and we were talking earlier about styles and individualistic people and people that John, there hasn't been another Halek, but the point is, an effectiveness bird comes along, you know, John is one A and self the Pantheon now instead of one. Yeah. You, you, you, there's always, you gotta prepare yourself for, for the, the evolution of the game. This guy is, is really ultra special. And, you know, and the thing that made Bird so special ultimately was the mind game and playing, thinking two steps ahead. And now we got a big guy taller than him that, you know, that can do, do that as well.


No, it's, it's, it, it's, he, he understands that the game, the game in a way that somebody other guys never, never, never will. No, no question. So you have very, you have, like, there's that Hakeem, Moses Shq kind of area, right? Maybe Giannis is like right underneath it. And you already have Yoic in that area, potentially looking at that spot, right? Under Wilt and Kareem. Oh, he's at a bridge right Now. You kidding? First of all, my number four is, is, is Hakeem. Okay. He's nine, number four. Okay. So, oh, so we're in between, he's, he's closer to the big three did he is to the four. I mean, he's gonna be in that, he's gonna have to be in that discussion, you know, and, and until we're gonna har on championships Will won two, you know, and, and the other guys won multiple.


And Russell of course won 11 and Kareem won what, six, whatever, five or six. Yeah. Shaq had four. Moses had one. Yeah. Yeah. Mo yeah. I mean, you know, and Mo Moses, you know, was, wasn't pretty, but he was effective. But anyway, Robert Par got three, by the way. 'cause he got one with the Bulls, by the way. Although he wasn't, you know, prominent. Right. Anyway, anyway, he's got, I got him in, in, in between, we're four. He's at three and a half right now. Okay. On his way up, You know. Alright, so we go, we're your, your whole premise that I'd loved we're, we're playing the aliens and we can grab anybody and Yage, yage, bird and Magic agree to come.


And now we need to find two more guys to put with those three where we're just like, we're just gonna have the aliens backpedaling not knowing what's happening. Just amazing passing. Who are the other two people playing with Yo Bird of Magic? Well, I still want Mic Michael Match. Okay. You know, and you know who I take now because that gives me a weapon, you know, not since I got magic. I got the ball handling, I got the, the orchestration, I got the fast break. I got everything settled. You know, who's who to run it. I got, I got special qualities that he had. Stefan Kirk, why not? Wow. Why not see what for the spacing the Greatest shooter of all time, you know, and I'm coming, I mean, the greatest shooter of all time.


I don't need LeBron, you know, multi-skilled. I don't need LeBron. I'll bring him off the bench. He can be my sixth man. He won't like it. He'd be An amazing six man. He'd be What a wonderful six man that would be. Yeah. It's why, why would we dismiss the greatest shooter of all time? I, I And, and who's a team guy? Oh, by the way, who can also pass, by the way, he's people. He's not a point guard's. No, he's a guard, two guard who can pass, period. He's not a point guard. He doesn't think that's, it's not his role, but he can pass and will. And by the way, the other thing, it's under how well he goes to the hoop with either hand, you know, that's set up things for, for himself and other people in the long run Curry.


So Andrew, and I'm just, this is on a fly, a question that you ask and I'm my first why not that with the guys you named, he'd be, he'd fit in perfectly If Marvi had a three point line. Are we talking about him in the sixties and seventies? Like we talk about curry? Yeah, but well remember the league, the game came, the shot came in in his last year. Yeah. 19 79, 80. He, when he joined the Celtics in the Midseason and His knees were shot and he did make six three. He did make, he's a guy that scored 68 points in Madison Square Garden without a three average 44 points a game. And 44 people youngins. The guy averaged 44 points a game in three years of college basketball at LSU without a three.


Yeah. And, and he had that he, you know, he would've done what, what, what so many of them who didn't, would've done go home and work on it. And he would've gotten, you know, certain guys that, that occasionally took shots in that range. And when, when it was considered to be a bad shot. And sometimes they went in, you know, he, he, he would've worked on that shot. He would, but he made some threes, I remember some gains where he had effective threes for the Celtics. Yeah. Yeah. Oh my God. It just, because, you know, they've done these estimates, you know, which I've at, at LSU going over the game films and trying to project what his average would've been had he made, had some of, Well he also taken more of them though.


'cause if he knew there were three instead of two, he's taken 20 a game. It's like, Larry, it's like Larry people did anybody, my God, you imagine how many flourish today? If, if you tell him, oh, you can take 10 or 12 a game. You know, Larry, Larry would, embarrassingly would take four or five because it was, you know, you know, there, and part of, you know, he, he famously didn't want the three, didn't like it. And Well, he, he's the more as the weapon, it was like a either to get the crowd going or to demoralize people. Yeah. Yes. He did it as a psychological weapon more often than not. And, and saved the spots. And, and, but he would've, Hey, if you said, okay, if that's the game, I can play that game. And he would've gone, oh, he, he gotten better. A lot of guys like in, you know what, by the way, you know, who would would've been ready made for the game?


I can still see him with, with with the Jerry Lucas. Jerry Lucas was oh threes before there were threes from at six with that shot put thing, he had, you know, I can still see him with legs extended and he shot it from here. Not, not here, he shot it from here, but, you know, but the dis Anyway, Lucas would've been a phenomenal three point shooter. Stretch four getting 15 rebounds a game. Jerry Lucas, And then computing his season's average in his head as he worked back down on defense. Famously computing is recomputing a shooting percentage as he would go back down on defense. Where do you put Giannis in all of this? Because he just got knocked out of the first round.


Again, He's spectacular. He's, you know, he's not a, you know, now we were talking centers earlier, but, oh yeah. I think the question now is gonna be the rearrangement of the all time 10, you know, the all time fan, you know, you know, how can you not include him in any current discussion about all time top 10 players? I, I, I can't, I can't. It can annoy him. I'm, I'm in sometimes in awe of him. I am a little annoyed that he is legalized not just a Euro step, but in his case, a Euro gallop. And it, it's, you know, that's this whole thing is this whole tr traveling thing. I I used to laugh it off, but it is epidemic.


It is, it is bad. And, and the league doesn't seem to care about it. And, and he's a exhibit A, you know, and, and, and how devastating it is when he can do it. 'cause he can go from mid court to basket. Right. No more than two dribbles, you know, with, with ways left. Oh, he's phenomenal. I think. And this whole issue with the buck, that's a whole, you know, that's, that's worth the, you know, lots of discussion. Hey, listen, they, they gave up a lot of assets for Drew Holiday and then Dave Ard and that's it. I know. I, and, and, and what could they possibly get and who could afford 'em and what could they possibly get back that would make it even remotely worthwhile? I I not that in my head, I, I don't have the, the scope of, you know, the, the, the vision of, or knowledge of all the team's, individual circumstances to know who could possibly make a, anything remotely a, a deal that the Milwaukee would ever want.


Yeah. But they have to start thinking about it, whether from here now it's, you know, clearly it's over. And, and whether where's Doc go from here. So I dunno whether that either, I'm hoping Doc comes back in my podcast. The Milwaukee has no first round picks that they control of their own over the next five years, which makes the tanking a little bit harder. One guy, s guy, like he easily could have existed in 1974, right? He's Yeah, he's a, he's a, he's a tremendous guard. And, and he's tremend, you know, he's, he, I'm trying to think of, I, I can't think of, you know, among all the great two guards he does he remind me of anybody?


No. I just see him as a wonderful, all around shooting guard period. But I do, I love the idea by the way, that that team has an all Canadian back court. Right. And, you know, he's from Montreal do. And, and so I love that they go, I'm still waiting for Canada to make a splash in the, in the world in the Olympics sometime soon. You know, I mean, but they Choke every, every time. Yeah. They fall apart at some point. They don't I know it. They, they're massive Underachievers Canada, but, you know, anyway. Oh yeah. He, he, I could see FGA, you know, in in, in the 1974 Florida Championship series.


You know, I can see him. Yeah. Oh, absolutely. Positively. Yeah. He, he's, he, he's, so you have no, I can come up with, You have OKC still as the favorite 'cause Vegas would agree with you. I, I, I I think that the, no, honest to God, I mean, I know it sounds parochial. I'm sorry. I still think that if everybody is fortunate enough to be healthy and, and able to bring their a game that the Celtics can win and will win. If, if, if they're a fortunate enough. But right now, the, the variables there starting with, you know, holiday starting with Nan Brown and will somebody, you know, mess around with the Tatum's wrist and Pingus, you never know when he's gonna take a misstep.


Never know. You can't count on too many what ifs there for me to be totally confident. But I'm saying if they are show up in the finals healthy, you know, then, and, and, and I don't care how, and, and I want everybody to be healthy, I still like their chances. Okc It's interesting though. There's no question about it. And I'll tell you who's I'm, I'm, I've read about, you know, I, I was prepared for 'em, but having read about him before he ever set foot in college, but my God, Holmgren is good. Holmgren's good. He's a, he's a, he's a very, very useful player. And, and, and Hartenstein, he's not a star, but he knows who he is and he knows what his job is.


Right. And he, and, and he, he does it well. And of course then, you know, the, the rest of the team Yeah, fine. And, and well coached of course. So yeah, I like that. And as far as, and Cleveland don't dismiss Cleveland, but when, again, right now they're doing it without Garland as we speak. And, you know, I think they would, they're not gonna go all the way without their full compliment. But, you know, they're good defensive of the Celtics have more assets ultimately than anybody. I still think if they're healthy, Is this Celtics team? Where is it creeping up on the popularity rankings in Boston?


Just, it just seems like people love, you know, they have a real history now with Tademan Brown. 'cause those guys grew up on the team. Poor Ingas is a cult hero. Horford is among the most popular role player plus guys they've ever had. Holiday and White are impossible not to like going's a fan favorite and white. Yeah. It's just, you go on and on. It's like everybody loves everybody on this team. I've, I don't remember many teams like this on the Celtics And the, and vastly underrated Luke Cornett who's made, who's been a, a nice adjunct to this team. Okay, you're right. Well, this, this is a new generation, you know, this is their team. This is the Celtics have had, you know, four or five incarnations. Well, you go but the fifties, then you got the, you got the ha the fifties and sixties team.


That's one. You got the haze counts team. That's two. You got the big three team, that's three. You got the second big three team, that's four. This is the fifth Celtic incarnation, you know, of greatness and, and, and a and a new fandom. I see so many young people in the stands. So I, you know, and, and it's terrific. And it is what a likable bunch. You know, I mean, it, it it is, it's just there's no polarizing players. Marcus Smart, who I loved, but acknowledged his foibles Yeah. To me. And he and Jack Bradley Jr. Were like Siamese twins of sports. Yeah. Okay. And you know, I love Jackie Bradley Jr.


You know, I don't care if you at 180, but there's no polar who's a polarizing player. Unless, unless people wanna manufacture something about, you know, you Oh, brown, he dribs in the traffic. He still doesn't have a left hand. All right. Blah, blah. You know? Right. That's exclusive. I can come and to any kind of a, of a, of a negative. You're right. It's a beloved team. And, and, and very well worth root for. Yeah. And it's something that, I mean, I certainly grew up with where everybody stayed on the same teams. And then in the last 15 years, that kind of got blown up. And people move around more. And you have something like Yoic in Denver. You have Curry and Golden State, or you're Brown and Tatum together in Boston with Horford.


And I do think it's more meaningful to the fan base and to the people at the games. They have real history with these guys. You know? And like we tried to capture some of that in the Celtics City about these generations. How they overlap and how people buy in. And people overlap with the stars from the previous generation and does this stuff actually exist? And I do think those guys care about that. I think Missoula cares about it. You know, I think the organization cares about it. Hold up. That came across clearly. Well, it sure came across clearly how Garnet and Pierce felt about it in their time. How about Ray Allen? Ray Allen was like, I'm a Celtic. He only played five years.


And he's like, I'm a, a Celtic. That's, that's right. I consider myself a Celtic That did, that did surprise me. You know, I I I, he was always kind of a little bit inscrutable as far as I'm concerned. And that was good. That was good to know. Yeah. That, that was really good to know. No, it's, it's, it's all true. So that, but Oh, I, by the way, I'm gonna give you, I can't leave you without going out. And you'll pri I decided Peyton Prichard is a cross between Larry Siegfried and Eddie House. Wow. I'm probably one of the only ones that's gonna get that one. What's the Larry Siegfried part? Well, he's same rough size. Yeah.


Close and feisty. Tough. He's a scrapper. Yeah. Ree was, oh, I can hear Johnny most said he's in his shirt. Said he's in his shirt. Well, I can see that Peyton's in his shirt. He said, and he's good for one sneaky offensive rebound a night. Right. And, and he's a, he's, and he's tough. He's a, not just this three point machine. He's a good basketball player. Yeah. And, and, and I love him when he takes himself in inside and finds a way to get the shot off, you know, and, and sometimes they block it. Okay, fine. But he can, I, I love him. And that's the Siegfried. And of course, you know, the Eddie House part is self-evident, you know, the, the the three point.


Yeah. But that's where, that's good one, a cross between Siegfried and Eddie House. Before we go, you were, you were a big part of Celtic City, so we did nine episodes. We tried to cover 80 years of the team. When you saw all it laid out episode by episode, like, did you had, like, what, what were you expecting and then how did you feel as you watched it? Well, it, first of all, you can't, you can't do everything as you well know. You know, there were a couple things I would've liked to have seen addressed at, at the time, more thoroughly or, or at all. But, but I'm not remotely gonna nitpick. I thought it was a spectacular job. I thought that, that they got the essence of it. They you accomplished your mission. That's what I thought I could say. They've accomplished their mission and, and, and then tied it up with a wonderful bow with, with the 95-year-old Bob Cousy saying how much he wanted the 18th championship to keep the continuum that he could have relate to and be, feel a part of going.


That was exactly what you were trying to portray, I think. And, and, and the spirit of that. And, and, oh no, I thought it was terrific. I, I'll tell you, it was a hard episode. Was was eight. It was eight That was, you know, seven Reggie Lewis. That was hard. You know, they lived when you lived through it, you know, and, and I'm sure a lot of us, I know how I felt watching it. And, and it, it, it, but yeah, it was real, it was part of the deal. You know, those, those things happened and, and it was a, a down period. And, and, and, and it was, you know, those things were just frightening. But it was just awful, but bias.


And we didn't know, you know, I had seen, I was so excited about him because I happened to have stumbled. I don't know what I was doing, bill. I had no idea why I was in Durham, North Carolina that particular evening. And why I was, 'cause I don't know what kind of feature or whatever I was doing. I was there. And Cameron North Stadium, the night as a Maryland player, he dropped 40 on Duke, and he got my attention. I could see you went to that game. I was at the game when he got 40 at Duke. Oh my God. And then twice, twice, Mike Zeki has said to me that the greatest two opponents he ever faced in college, where Michael Jordan and Len Bias, and, you know, and I'm, and I know how excited Larry was.


Larry was gonna come to Curly early and work with him and play with him. And, you know, he was, Larry was, Larry was up to on him. He, he knew, he, he, he was really excited about it. To think all this happened in a flash in, you know, 36 hours or 40. It, it was just, just astonishing. But anyway, yeah, the, we, We tried to hit that, I mean, that episode, not exactly a feel good episode, but that nineties Boston, how dark it got, like the garden got knocked down Bias. And Reggie, the Red Sox One was, if I said eight, I meant whichever one encompassed the burden. Yeah, Yeah, yeah, yeah. Okay. Okay. But oh no. That, that group, and, and I loved the w was when you got WIC there saying, Danny, how do you put together a big three?


You know, and, or, or, and well, here's how you do it, you know? Right. You take your fifth, your fifth round, your, your, your number five pick and trade every Allen. And, and Now you can, you persuade Kevin or Garnet to come, and Now you got a big three. I'll tell you what I remember though about me, and I'm on record, I mean, I can't deny it. I printed it that when they put the big three together originally, that second big three, I said, yeah, well guess what? You need a lot more than that. I wouldn't trade, I, there's no team in the league would trade their next, their final, other nine for the next Celtic nine. Right. That they got the worst support upon which he went out and got Eddie House, James Posey, and then ultimately PJ Brown, of course pj.


Which, which was a great story about being recruited, literally being recruited by the big three or parts of thereof. And so I was, you know, I was a skeptic. I didn't think it was gonna be enough, but never dreamed it would just come together as quickly as it did. Those guys were so ready to do it, you know, to, to get it, to, to have a, they recognize what the possibility was, and they were so ready to do it. And, and it was gonna require the word sacrifice. It's gonna require a, a, a, a balance of, of, of skills that they're gonna have to calibrate, I love that word, calibrate their skills to, to get the most out of it. But ultimately there was no, there's nobody like Kevin Garnet, there's never, you can't, he, he's special in terms of the, the, you know, the, the approach that he would as, as good as all round scale players Pierce was, and great shooter Alan was, you know, we all know that the, the ultimate key person on that whole thing that made it work was, was Kevin Gwinnett.


Yeah. The sad thing you talked about earlier, how you don't judge players by championships. You look at kg like just this completely misused asset in Minnesota forever, like gets drafted in 95. We had the 2007, he's won two playoff series and meanwhile everybody's like, I think he might be the best player in the league. Like, nobody even knew how to put him in context 'cause he just had such bad luck. His owner gets penalized for the Joe Smith signing and they lose like three first round picks in a low, like, like Stefan Marbury just decides he wants to go to New Jersey. And that happens. Like it's just Yeah. There's 30 different things Yeah. That prevented him from ever succeeding in the NBA in the way he should have.


Which sometimes that's how it plays out. Yeah. Don't, I mean, I don't wanna hold that against him, although, unless I have a certain, you know, antipathy for somebody in a sense, you know, I I I like to hold it against them, but, but if I, if I don't care about them personally and and their game, then, you know, fine. And I, it's like, you know who I think I, I I got tired of people jumping on because he's never won a championship and, and obviously never will Chris Paul. It's not his fault. And once again, we get back to a little guy thing. Yeah. You know, because Paul's great player, great point guard, a cla like a, a technically pure point guard, perfect guy, you know, in that job it's, and the worthy hall of famer.


So, I'm sorry I don't judge him for not having won a championship anymore and I Judge Stockton for not having won. They could, I I hold Car Malone accountable though. I think they could have beaten the Bulls in 97 for sure and should have. Mrs. Free goes, he's not a guy you want in a big moment. I'm telling you. Car Malone was not, was not, I think he's the most overrated great player, supposed great player in NBA history. I do. He's not on my just the top 10 at all. He's one of the main reasons I decided to write a basketball book. 'cause I didn't want people 50 years from now to be putting him in the top 10 because of his stats. It's like, we gotta, we gotta fix this. Somebody's gotta go on the record. You'll Love this. I, I don't know, for, there was a period of time when I carried in my wallet, a little list of 10 forwards better than Carl Malone.


I swear to God it was such a topic for me. Yeah. And it's not a bad human being or anything like that, you know? No, that's not it. But I just, all those thousands and hundreds of millions of points and, and I I'm sorry he doesn't, he he wasn't a guy you want, well, you, I'm going your other guy like that was Elvin Hayes Oh. Who ends up winning the title, but he's, wasn't he like benched in the fourth quarter when they actually won the title? I forget the story. He, yeah, he was in the game seven. He went out of the game for whatever reason, and Mitch Kack came in and made the big play of the game and his, that he wouldn't have been in the game if, if, if Vin hadn't come out.


So they wouldn't have won if Vin hadn't been watching from the bench. That's Yeah, that's for sure. And I loved it. I'll tell you what, I relished 1975 when the, when the Warriors swept them. Yeah. And the Keith Wilkes 6, 6 1, God knows what, 80, 90 outplayed, Elvin Hayes, you know, four inches taller, 50 pounds heavier, you know, and, and he outplayed Elvin Hayes. I loved every second of that. Do you think Harden is the, this generation's version of those guys Harden? Yeah. He said, yeah, yeah. I'm, I'm, I can't stand watching him play and, and I'm, I'm, and I'm, and so to a degree I am, you know, vindicated that he doesn't come up in the playoffs the way he people think he should.


You know, I just can't stand watching that dribble, dribble, dribble, dribble, dribble, dribble game. And, and I always say he must have bribed every scorekeeper in the league. I don't know how there's a assist, I don't remember any of this assists, but they're there to the point at the league. Right. I guess I, I still can't believe it. I don't know how, but I mean, that's just my personal, you know, preference. And I, I don't, I'm I'm not a big hardened guy. Where do you stand on Mbbi One? Joel Embi. Oh, MBI. SI said the Beast. I wanna like him very, I love his game. You know, I mean, I love his skill. Range of skill and offense is, is tremendous. And, and I've seen him in games where I, I, I just loved to watch, watch him play.


But there's something, and, and he, you know, and he's, he's an engaging online presence, that's for sure. But he, he's on another level. He is not, you know, he's not, even though he did get an MVP and I think I, I would've would've voted for him, but you know, when he's not Joe Itching, he's not Giannis, he's the next, he's another level down where he belongs, but in, but he's on, he's on the way to Hall of Fame. There's no, I have no problem with that. Alright. Alright. This was good hour. You know, the thing is, stay healthy. You know, he's, he has a hard time staying healthy. Well, you've, I mean, you've been watching this forever, these centers, once the injuries start, it's not like it gets better once, you know, they're like buildings with like real structural foundation problems.


And then at some point it becomes a problem and it feels like, it's like once you've had a few of those surgeries, injuries, whatever, I don't know. I just don't, when you're seven foot two, I don't know how you like, oh no, I'm fine. I, you know, I don't see it. Yeah. Big guy. Yeah, you're right, you're right. It's a good point. Like, I saw Kyrie Irving at the Laker game yesterday, right? And he tore his a CLI feel like he can come back. He's six two, like, you know, he's a guard. He can, I feel like he can bring back his movement and get back in a year. But when you, you know, you've had a bunch of these. Anyway, all right. That was a really fun hour. I'm glad we caught up. I needed your take on a bunch of stuff. Bob Ryan, thanks for being Celtic City by the way. But great to see you as always.


Hope all as well. Thanks for having me there and I appreciate it very much. So. Alright, thanks to Mahoney and Joanna and Bob. Thanks to Gaja and Eduardo as well. You can watch this on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You can also watch this as a video podcast on Spotify going forward. We are going to be live on Sunday at some point. We don't really know the basketball schedule yet, but it's gonna be me and Marillo at some point on Sunday. And we'll be going live on YouTube for that. Enjoy the weekend. I will see you on Sunday.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope and y or Text Hope and Y in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next great hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. MLO belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mlo belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.