
Coming up. We're gonna talk. Hail Mary's, the Jets in a coma, Jamis Hearable, and a lot more Plus Guest Lines with Cousin Sal. Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast.


Presented by FanDuel Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well on million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel. Like to catch a pass. Same game parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Slate Offensive tds in the next drive. They have so much stuff. It's crazy. The app is safe and scary and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode for additional details. You must be 21 plus and President. Select states gambling problem called win hundred gambler, or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA. The NBA is back. And you know what that means? So is Mick Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations, and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Michelob ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn they negative. Get closer to the action by visiting mlo b ULTRA dot com slash courtside. MLO b ULTRA Superior Access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary. Open to us. Residence 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mick locher.com/courtside for free. Entry. Entry de deadlines and official rules. Void. Were prohibited.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network, where we launched the McShay Show with Todd McShay. And Saturday night after college football, he put up a brand new episode. Illa was a special Guest actually, but he played right off that college football schedule. It's on video. So if you love college football, be ready over the weekends for McShay and he's doing that twice a week. Really good podcast. Please subscribe. Follow it on The Ringer YouTube channels as well. That's where you can also follow on Ringer movies. The re watchable, because we have a brand new episode as the last episode of Scary Month. Listen, this one's for me.


We had to do Myers. We've only done one Michael Myers movie. So we're doing Halloween four, which was a movie that came out, was received tepidly, and then has gained a little bit of a occult status over the years, especially in the Simmons House. But we'll be doing Halloween four, be ready for it. It's one of the unintentionally funnier horror movies in a long time and I can't wait to talk about it. So there you go. For this podcast, cousin House Coming up. We have a lot of NFL stuff to discuss. We're gonna talk, also talk about Yankees, Dodgers, and we're to Parent Corner and obviously Guest the lines. It's all next. By the way, we did this live on YouTube, which we do every Sunday night.


So you sub subscribe to us on YouTube, the Bill Simmons channel. And you can just watch us do the podcast if you want. Some people like it. Some people like seeing the Faces. Well, you're listening so you're not seeing our faces. But you will be hearing the Dulcet sounds of Proje.


All right. It's The Bill. Simmons Podcast. Live on YouTube. Happy national Tight Ends Day, Sal. Oh, you know, I, I didn't even know until they tell me at it's National Tight Ends Day end. I mean we just gotta take it. You gotta pay tribute to all these tight ends across America. High School, college Pro. Yeah. It's actually literally national and tight Ends day today. You hate the National Days. This was p one of your rants a few weeks ago. I'm par for. I do. I do. I do. This has to be the worst one of all. All it is the worst. You know that it brings up that, what do we do with Aaron Hernandez? Do we thank him? Do we wish his family a national tight end day? I don't know. Yeah, I'm gonna start here.


Sal Teams under 500 through eight weeks. Oh good. Maybe you'll forget about the Cowboys that just lost. Yeah. Okay. Got keep going. Yeah, the Cowboys under 500. Oh, the Bengals, the LA Rams, the Jets, the Browns, the Colts and the Jaguars all under 500. We are at eight weeks, which is almost a halfway point. I don't, we can't figure out the halfway point 'cause it's 17 weeks season. But just a super weird season in a lot of different ways. But what's the out of those teams? Dallas, Cincinnati, Rams, jets, Browns, COLS, Jags Most surprising under 500. Team. Team. I think I had like six outta seven to make the playoffs.


I have to, I have to pick one. My team. I have to say my team, I really thought we were gonna have 11 wins this year. And now there's a path that leads into the ocean right now. I I don't And I was gonna come on and be like, I don't care. We lost you. Whatever I was gonna do that pouty 7-year-old thing, like they sucked you in. They sucked you me with the comeback. I knew what they did. They sucked us in. They sucked me right back in. And I don't know what's going on with I, I don't know our identity at all. I could not tell you, I don't think we could run the ball very good. But you told me before the year running backs didn't matter. I I might've been wrong about that. That a bit. I might've misspoke. Yeah, let's chalk that up to a bit. I was trying to be funny.


Who's Dalvin Cook this week? Who's next week? Is LaDanian Tomlinson? Is he still retired? I'd kill for Christian Naco lt. Yeah. Who else? Anybody from the past Priest Homes? Yeah. Yeah. Sean Alexander would be good. Oh, Sean Alexander would be fun. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. We were trying to figure out if Zeke plays for any other team. Like if he would've been able to forget about start, like would, would he be a backup? But it's just a disaster. And I think Collinsworth hit it. We like to make fun of him, but you know, Dak is not a threat to run. And when he is not a threat to run, you know, you can play him like any other quarterback. Yeah. It's not, it's not just, you know, isolated to him. There's a lot of the quarterbacks like that.


Once you know, you can take that part of the game out of there, you can kind of stifle them but damnit so you a little think that's a, a problem that D's not a threat to run. That's our instead. Definitely one of them needs to be fixed. He would take off three, three or four times. We, you know, we should have been this one. Exactly. Opposite what I thought. I thought we were gonna come out guns a blazing after the buy because McCarthy actually has a good record after the buy. I thought we'd be ready though. We'd be pissed off. They have to show that Joe Montana thing at the start of every cowboys 49 ERs game now that the players see it. But you know, they, they, they should be, you know, they just wanna annihilate these guys and it turned out to be both teams kind of sucked and then the Niners grinded us out then it was just too little, too late.


Yeah. It's like one of those teams is around one loser and the other one's not a playoff team. Right. That's probably the Niners. That's great. The biggest loser of the day was Dwayne Wade who had the worst statue of all time. Did you see it? I did. What did, what did you think it looked like? I actually thought it looked somebody who had emerge from a fire and lived. Yeah. It was like Jim Carrey's fireman whatever his fireman Ed's sketch. Can you imagine having a statue look that bad of yourself? Get go like being unveiled. What would you even say? Thanks. It's, I, there's never been a worse sports statue ever. I mean it got rightfully killed today.


I don't even know it was like goum or something. Like who was it? It really looks like a freaky, like some kind of a lord of the Lord of the Rings character or some shit. It's so funny. Funny What are trying to do that you could, how many guesses would you have taken before you knew that was Dwayne Wade? 10,000. if you like, Hey, a famous athlete got a stature today. I, that would take me 700 guesses. I would've guessed Sam Cassel like 500 times first and then I still would've been wrong. Well, so he's the most bummed out today. Second most bummed out is the Bears. Who? Yeah. What are we calling this? The hail Maryland? What is this? Oh, that's, yeah. Yeah. I was trying to think of a name. I don't know. What's that number 29? Who's now famous for not being in the play until the last second. You know, he was great that he apologized on Twitter already, which I thought was a good move and is not gonna take back the fact that his back was to the, the play.


I've never seen anything like that. I didn't, did he think there was like five more minutes in the time out? I'm gonna doing the podcast with my, I'm not to the podcast for the first seven minutes. Is that alright? And then you tell me when you're doing Guest lines and I'll turn. Yeah, well the funniest thing was he ran in and I, it looked like he got a hand on the, he was one of the many guys. I, I mean there was five bears defending probably a yard of the field, right? Yeah. And none, none of them. We've had all of this, we've million Hail Marys on YouTube. All of this evidence of the most dangerous way this could go is if it gets tipped backwards. Right. And they have nobody in the end zone. It was like, it was like the kind of thing that happened when we were kids in like 1976. Yeah. Yeah. Like they would show in the beginning or like the Alcoa great finishes and be like, oh man, fantastic finish.


Do you believe they did that? It's 2024. It's impossible. Well, I think his guy was supposed to be Noah Brown. I don't know, maybe people were taking it too far. But I think he was supposed to shadow Noah Brown all the way down the field. Okay. And then by the time Tommy, he turns around, it's like, who the hell's Noah Brown? Then he is like, all right, I'll just go to this ball. And then you're right. Yeah. The one thing is, I don't know how much teams practice this. Do teams practice this on defense at all? At all? Like on offense, I could see, and then I guess there has to be a, a defense, but it's a second team, right? Yeah. There should be three people who are just told stand on the goal line. Right. Don't budge. Just stay there. Don't let anyone go behind you. Our friend Kyle Brandt called it Noah's Ark.


Pretty good. You like that? 'cause Noah, yeah, Noah caught it. Yep, yep, yep. I don't know. Yeah, I maybe there's no thing It was certainly one of the best Hail Marys of all time. I still What's your favorite Hail? Mary Other than you can't count the Pearsall that the not Pearson Staubach and Staubach. I can't do it. What's your favorite? Because my favorite is still Flutie. The fact that he threw it that far. Yeah. It was still there Hadn't been that many college. Yeah. Great. He overthrew basically everyone on the field. It was a famous him I'll, I think it was a Friday that was probably people like the Cordell Stewart one was a good one. I think the foodie was Friday after Thanksgiving. Is that right? Was that a Yeah, I think it was. Was that a thing? And that was his roommate Will was his, his roommate. Yeah. So that was kind of cool.


I'll tell you what, I didn't think that, I don't, I don't know that Jayden Daniels did the best job of getting that ball there. I I kept yelling him like, you, at some point he's gotta step up in the pocket, right? Yeah. Like you can't just hang out by the 30. I guess he did a good job getting, creating enough time for all the receivers to get down there. But he was about three yards short. Right. And then it was just nonsense. I mean he, I can't kill him because it worked, but it was just tipped back freakishly. Well I think he forgot that he had broken ribs or whatever he has. 'cause it didn't, I think he can throw it further than that. Yeah. There was a great Billy White shoes Johnson one. Oh yeah. Where it got tipped and he caught it on like the three or four yard line and then he had to like make a couple guys miss and, and beat somebody.


That was probably my other favorite one. But this one, I mean, when you talk about, usually this happens with like shitty teams. This was a really important game. It's a potentially devastating loss for the Bears. 'cause the Bears are four and three now, but they're in that gauntlet of the division. It's gonna take 10 wins to get the NFC anyway. And then you think about it for Washington where, you know, there's six and two, they have the Giants left, the Saints, Tennessee, they play your team twice. Yeah. There's basically like, Daniels would really have to get hurt for like two months, I think for them not to be a 10 win team. But that the thing that I I was shocked by was how good their defense was. Like they, yeah, they harassed Chicago for three and a half quarters.


Swift finally broke like a 55 yard touchdown. And then Caleb got a little momentum, but they got a goal line stop on the fumble and it just, it felt like their defense ran outta gas. But I I, I continue to be impressed by Washington. We needed Chicago to win because we have that first to four bet, right? We have Oh, the, the exact order. FanDuel bet. Yes. That was one of our big best NFC North. We have Detroit, green Bay, Chicago, Minnesota. And we kind of would've been right there if they had won. Well, we were congratulating each other when there was like 20 seconds stuff that was a mistake. Which a, a mistake in retrospect. Yes. And Washington is in my team's division. And yet I thought, that's crappy.


If Washington doesn't win this game, I feel like the right team won the game ultimately. But I also feel like, and they remember they flex this game. Yeah. A little suspicious. You think that's a little suspicious, Billy that flexing the game get a Hail Mary and a flex. They flex it till late. A na it it felt like a week 18 game that the winner got the seven seed and nobody wanted the Oh, like an NBC game. Yeah. Yeah. But nobody wanted the seven seed. Right. It was just that much, you know, Washington was better. They had 140 more yards of offense. They had like six minutes more possession, but they couldn't put it away. And then they did. Yeah. 'cause I was gonna ask you better win or worse loss. But I agree with you. I I think the right team won the game.


Like Washington should have put the game away. I I'm not really positively sure why they didn't and then it ended up working out for them anyway. But I thought they were the better team and Yeah. For the Bears, like, you know, awful loss. You let it get away, but it really would've been them stealing that game it felt like. So Yeah. And a few that, that's a terrible way to end and everything. But you know, you give it to the 609 pound lineman to, to Right. Score from the two yard line. That was bad too. So you can point to a few things. They were two and 12 on third down. Yeah. But I mean two, two huge brain farts giving it to the lineman. That was stupid. That killed time for him. Sad bro. He might not be that heavy if, if he's not that heavy, please, I don't want your apologies.


Yeah. And then the Hail Mary defense, I just don't think there's any excuse to ever give that up. And I don't, I know they have to practice that at some point. But, you know, they, there was that, what was the one when Jacoby Myers threw it backwards? That's probably the dumbest thing. Any team's done this decade. Oh, right. When the Pats lost that game against the Raiders. Against the Raiders, it was a tie game is about to go into OT and they're somehow throwing it back. But, well, here's the thing. Like they'll, they'll let any receiver be in front of 'em. Right. You're making a wall, right? Yeah. So yeah, if you're gonna let everybody be in front of them, you'd be dumb to let anybody be behind you. Right? Yeah. Especially left unattended. And that's exactly what happened. I I I don't think they practice it.


I really don't. Yeah. You're almost better off having all 11 guys in the end zone in like three levels. Right. And just doing it that way. We, we went this long. I I didn't mean to save this for later. We're the Washington fans were with the Dan Snyder era really from, I don't know, since the, since they won the Super Bowl and it's been pretty rocky and we've talked about a lot on this podcast. And Washington fans like Dave Chang, Nathan Hubbard house, obviously have talked about it a bunch. This was an unbelievable Washington football moment. I mean, this was like, you know, thi this has been such a feel good season for them in so many different ways. With the number one reason being, we don't have Dan Snyder anymore, this reviled owner.


Then they get this quarterback who's amazing. He's hurt. He might not play all week. He plays, we end up with this Hail Mary signature moment. And you think like, this is the kind of shit that happens to teams that might have a special season. I don't, I don't think they're gonna win the Super Bowl. Yeah. But it's the kind of thing that happens when you're like, oh man, they, the Washington's in round two. And I, I'm not actually surprised 'cause this happened and this happened and this happened. But I would say this is probably the most grateful fan base outta the 32. Right? Well, for sure. Yeah. Yeah. Just the turnaround. But our friend David Chang did text us when it happened and he either said, I got, I wanna find it. Did he say it was one of the top 10 10 happiest he's ever been Happiest time?


He said it was he's ever had he said sports moment. He, he said it was the top 10 greatest moment of his life. Oh, 10. 10. Yeah. Alright, so 10 greatest moments of his life. He's had two kids. So there's three. Oh wow. It's Jaden, Davis Berry and two children. So there's three, I don't know, I don't know what the other seminar, he's had some, some luck at the craps table. I was gonna say there has to be a craps, craps run has to be one of the, one of the six. When Washington's broke the, the Raven's preseason win streak of like 15 games. He was pretty happy then. I don't know, pork ch maybe trying Bianco's Garden Pizza, whatever. That Summer Garden pizza. That's probably number five. Right? That's good. Oh, Lins Sanity's definitely up there.


I I know for a fact that s Sanity's gotta be in top 10 for him. Oh really? Yeah. He loved that. Anyway, congrats to Chang. Congrats to all the, the Ton fans one. Yeah. And while we're congratulating people and not in the baby doll Dixon way actual congratulations. Congratulations to the Browns fans. They're begging for a new quarterback for two months and then, you know, Watson gets hurt. Jameis comes in who you've been calling for Jameis, I think every week since maybe week two. Yeah. And he comes in, he throws for 3 34 3 TDS has a game winning drive with 2 36 left down one. And they end up scoring a TD has the classic just awful Jamis pass, just an absolute train wreck of a pass that the guy drops as part of the fourth quarter comeback.


Kyle Hamilton. Yeah. And then they, they win it. And now the Browns, who are we, we had crossed 'em off last week and maybe they're not a cross off. I don't even have to think gotta anymore. We gotta keep, we said we have to keep 'em crossed. Fine. We agreed. We agreed. But I think you're right. And since you mentioned Baby Doll, I think the fans are happy, but they're also probably like, what the fuck what we, we've, we've all known that this team is better without Deshaun Watson. It's like a guy who comes back is like, I quit smoking. I could, I could breathe again, baby doll. Yeah. We told you years ago this would happen. Why didn't, why didn't you stop smoking? You know, throughout the Marlborough Reds in 2006, it would've been so much better. But it's all about cutting bait.


Like just knowing when, and it's, everyone's so stubborn about when it's done well, the owner clearly when we Yeah. Discussed it many weeks in around, I was thinking it's like both you and I have been married for a while. It's like when you're arguing with your wife about something, you know, she's like, my neck hurts. I think it's the pillow. You should get a new pillow. And then they don't in like three weeks passed. Right. Did you get a new pillow yet? No, no. I'm gonna get one, but my neck hurts. It's like you should get a new pillow. And then eight weeks later they get the new pillow and they're like, oh my God, this pillow's so much better. My neck doesn't there anymore. And you're just like, I fucking told you eight weeks ago to get a new pillow. Right. That's good. That's basically Jamis Winston. It's like, I fucking told you get a new quarterback. But from a financial perspective, let's say you had some interest financially, which the Browns do, they really want this to work out.


'cause they mortgage their future and everybody's future. And the whole town, whatever you I I might compare it to like buying a house, right? And then the house has ghosts and you're like, all right, I gotta put up with these ghosts. I don't wanna lose money. Ell this, we made friends with the ghost. No, that's a bad example. Yeah. No, you gotta make friends. No. And then you're just terrorized by this ghost for months. You and your family before you're like, all forget it. I'll take the 50,000 loss. Well, you befriend the ghosts. So that's the good version of the story story. I think that's true. Okay. Yeah, that's fine. Cleveland was eight for 15 on third down. That's a, I think they had probably 15 first downs of the first five weeks of the season. Yeah, they all right.


That's fine. We can't cross 'em out, but we gotta talk Baltimore. So their defense has allowed 21 passes of 25 plus yards. Hmm. Eight weeks into the season. It's their eighth loss in the last two minutes where they had a lead since 2022. And what was interesting about this one was, even with Jamis Winston, I felt like the Browns were gonna at least get a field goal and win the game, didn't you? When they got the ball back up down one with like two and a half minutes left, I was like, oh, they're going down. Like I wasn't afraid. I know the Ravens have had some injuries. A couple, two of their started quarterbacks didn't play today, but I, I just had no doubt unless Winston threw a terrible pass, which he did and they dropped.


But I, I would've been surprised if Baltimore stopped him. Well, listen, he threw three bad passes. He didn't throw throw 15, which is what what Watson did all the time. And you're right. And back to the Ravens, what'd we say? They had given up 84 fourth quarter points in seven weeks. So now it's 93 in eight weeks. Oof. That's, that's too many Bill. That's way too many. Too many. I I, yeah. I think it's too many. It might be, they may have enough offensive weapons to keep up and win 10 or 11 games like that, but that's gonna kill them in January. Absolutely. Well it turns out Jamis Winston is better a quarterback than Deshaun Watson. It's one of our big lessons cross off teams.


So we're keeping Cleveland, I guess Pats Carolina, Jacksonville, Tennessee, Miami, and the Jets Giants. And we're adding New Orleans this week. So somehow we're at 10 cross off teams in eight weeks, which I think is aggressive. But I don't, I would, I don't think any of those teams make the playoffs. No, it's fine. But if we did it the other way, I don't know if we would be able to pick like you able would come up with 10 teams. Right? Right. Yeah. I don't think we could. But that's, that's good. Yeah, I think you're right. I mean, the Saints, some of these teams are un unbearable to watch. All right, we're taking a break for the podcast.


Get ready to tackle the NFL action with FanDuel America's number one sports book right now, new customers can bet $5 and they get 115 bonus bets that win. Yeah, that's the thing that's happening. The FanDuel Sports book app gives you everything you need to place live bets on the NFL all in one place. I really like the Steelers money line on Monday night against the Giants. And my advice would be to throw them in a parlay. Throw them in with a basketball bet you like, throw them in with a bet. Next weekend in the NFL. Maybe get a little advanced jump on a line you'd like early. Try to get it to even or around there and, and you're off. you can also, during the game, if you get a hunch, make a live bet. Check out the latest stats on FanDuel's app. Check out live, play by place so much more. It's all there on the same place you place your bets. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to join today. Again, you'll get started with $150 in bonus bets if you win your first $5 bet, that is FanDuel dot com slash bs. Never waste a hunch. Make every moment more with FanDuel and official Sportsbook partner of the NFL. You must be 21 plus and president in select states or 18 plus and President DC First online real money wage are only five. First deposit required bonus issues as non withable bonus bets which expire seven days after receipt restrictions apply. See terms at sportsbook dot FanDuel dot com game problem Cut 1-800-GAMBLER or visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to by Michelob ULTRA. The B is back. And you know what that means? So is Mic Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations, and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Mick low B ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn they gonna get closer to the action by visiting mick low. B ULTRA dot com slash courtside. MLO b ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary open to us residents. 21 plus begins on 10. 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mick locher.com/courtside for free. Entry. Entry deadlines and official rules. Void where prohibited


we're. Talk about the jets. Are the jets dead? They're two and six. Is this it? We're done. Are we done with the Jets? They would have to go 8, 1, 8 and one. Yeah. Unless you think nine and eight can make it in the A FC, which is possible. But even that's seven and two. Rogers is seven to four, seven and 14 in his last 21 start to finish starts, right? I don't see it. I think they're done. Oh, I think they're done too. And I I I don't know why we're comparing them to, I don't even know why Aaron Rogers is a factor. You gotta take a look at this offense. And going into today, they had scored two points more than last year's jets with Zach Wilson.


Right. So at two and six you, we would've crossed Zach Wilson off. Right. We would've said that's it. And that's why I loved love, loved your team today. Plus seven now they almost blew it. You had another wisest wager. They, you're six two in the, in the ring Sunday pregame. Congratulations. Thank you for knowing. But I really did like them. I mean there had to be a little bit of a revenge thing. You have to play with some kind of pride. I think you may have had the be now it all flipped on the Drake when soon as Drake may got hurt, they're like, oh, this sucks with Brit. But it's still the Jets. This is still a dysfunctional team. And I know they probably would've, they might've been like five and three if that field goal kicker Greg, the leg does his job. He's he's cost him three games. Right. But don't put it, he cost him four points today.


He, the PAT was massive. It completely changed the game. Right? I not, I Did you think in a million years he was making the 44 yarder like in a million years? No. No. There's no way that was going through. It's weird though. 'cause guys are now in 57 yarders to the middle of the net. Like, so this why, why is Greg the leg not good? But also it's weird that he's still their kicker. I mean, I I thought he was gonna be done last week. We were, we assumed he was gonna be the fall guy last week and he wasn't. I think they just look like assholes. If they fire like two components in a week, they have to spread out. You gotta spread out your fires. They don't look like assholes. No, no. They're good. They've saved a lot of face. Well, BST came in and he threw it for 130 twos, 16 for 24.


It was the best. He's played all season. I think they would've won that game with May. I mean the Jets defense was impotent did one sack. They weren't doing anything and you know, their offense wasn't any great shakes either. But I, this was a disgraceful loss because the Pats aren't good. Right. You know, the Pats were like somehow kind of pressuring Rogers, I you gotta give it up to Mayo. He took a ton of shit all week from everybody including me. And he deserved it. Yeah. And calling the team Soft, all that stuff. But that team roasted the occasion. They, they in the fourth quarter really fought for the game. Like you gotta hand it to 'em. The receivers, they must had seven. I don't know how closely you watched it, but they must have had killer watches is my best bet.


I killer watched the whole thing. Killer. Yeah. Killer Seven killer drops. Like first series May Perfect. Pass down deep. Yeah. I think Boutte dropped it, but the, the, the receivers were murdering them and they still won. Yeah, they were seven for 15 on third down. A bunch of drops. I'm just gonna say perfect. Like right. Seven for 15. You'll, you'll kill for that. Right? The Jets were four for 10. And you know, total. I I mean I I could read you, I mean there is a stat that's spectacular and it's funny, the Jet scored 20 plus points committed zero turnovers and held their opponent to under 250 yards of offense from 1940 until today teams were 756 and oh when they hit those three metrics.


Unbelievable. Well I had the, I had the Jets and the over and a tee, which was 35 and a half and I didn't think they're It's fine. I I was, it was a, you know, the Pats won, which is, it was fun to beat the Jets and make Rogers upset. But I still think it was a good bet. I, I don't quite understand how the Jets didn't win, but when you watched it, they just seemed so poorly coached and so discombobulated. Like first half they were calling timeouts over and over again. Yeah. Just with the ball. Like, 'cause they didn't communicate whatever the play was in time. They had the lay of games in bad spots and they just, they just do not look like a well coach crisp team at all.


So whatever they thought they were gonna accomplish, firing solid didn't work. It wasn't a good bet though. I hate to say it because you could, here's the thing. You could go back and if it's in red, if everything's in red, you'll see it's not a good bet. If it's in green, that means you won the Christmas element to it. I don't, I don't regret the bet. Like even like the PAT score, the jet score, they go ahead. Yeah. Bette's gotta go all the way down the field, right? It's gotta go 70 yards with less than three minutes left. The guy can't run and he can't throw deep and he just somehow easily did it made plays like the Jets. I don't know what they were doing. So Mike Greenberg, because this is what everyone has to do at ES, ESPN now is just completely overreact and do the hyperbole things and hope they can get cut in a vote into a internet thing.


He did this tweet that ended the Jets of 2024 are one of the truly colossal failures in recent sports memory. And it only gets worse from here. The Jets over under was nine and a half wins. Yes. Nobody even wanted to pick them to win the A FC East So. it was like, ah, can we take Buffalo's got 60 plus million in dead Cal space. I can't name two of their receivers. They have injuries on the defense Miami. Like anyone who picked the Jets were were, you didn't feel good about it. We did in our over under pod. I don't think this is a truly a colossal failure that none of this stuff made sense as they were doing it. Like I didn't understand the Devonte Adams trade two weeks ago when they made it wasn't the problem.


Their problem is defense. You'd have to say, 'cause you read the, in the beginning of the podcast, you read seven teams that are under 500. There were a couple of those teams that were over under was nine and a half. Right? Yeah. I wouldn't say the Cowboys are a colossal, one of the most colossal collapses in sports history right now. Right. Would you? I mean it's bad. It sucks. They should be better. No, to me a failure is like if the lions were two and six right then I would be like, holy shit, this team has so much talent. How are like they were almost made the Super Bowl last time. How were they two and six? Yeah. Right. Same thing. This is the Jets is like all of this is conceivable, anyone who rooted for the Jets knew that this was lurking in there.


I picked them to win the division. 'cause I didn't wanna pick Buffalo. I didn't feel awesome about it, but it seemed like conceivable, you know? Yeah. But somebody like JJ was like, I'm, I'm never taking Sola. Remember JJ was like, I'm out in the Jets, I'm shorting them. So's a terrible coach. Like I think a lot of people thought this might happen. We knew Sola wasn't effective. We, we didn't know that Aaron Rogers, we had no idea what form Aaron Rogers we were. Right. Was he be able to move? Yes. Right. What we did know ha on Reddick was gonna show up like that. That wasn't looking good. So at what point did you like, did, did this become so high? I mean you gotta add the New York element to it. A New York over nine and a half is like a 12 basically.


Right? So that's at the, I mean you could say it's definitely, there's some organizational failures to it. Like the fact that they didn't get rid of Solo in February. Right. The fact that they thought Devonte Adams was gonna be the fix, like make the offense better when their offensive line isn't even that good. And Roger seems pretty banged up, but hey, I just think this was probably somewhere between an eight to a 10 win team and they've underachieved from that. The kicker cost them three games. But yeah, I, I'm not shocked by this. No it's not the most of, I know fans who were like, I'm dreading the season. I think we're fucked. I think Rogers is gonna suck. They went through this with Brett Fav in 2010. Remember Wasn't 2010, 2009.


One of those years. So anyway, think it's just assumed in New York that if you have a Super Bowl winning quarterback on your team, he's definitely, no matter how many decades removed he is definitely gonna have to do the same. You know what I realized, I think Brady and now LeBron too, because I don't know if you saw LeBron on Saturday night, but I, I was actually home 'cause I went to the Dodgers game. I came home and I watched the second half of the Lakers. LeBron was absolutely incredible. They were down seven to start the fourth quarter and he scored like 16 points in like five minutes. I think he ended up with like 16 points, six assists, five rebounds. He was amazing. He single-handedly swung the game. They're three and oh. But I think him and Brady have completely ruined our ability to, to properly assess old athletes.


Right? It's like Rogers is 40 and in torn Achilles, like the odds of this going, well were probably 50 50, you know, but it's just 'cause Brady and LeBron are so incredible, it seems now conceivable that anybody can just keep going and the history says they can't. You're not wrong. And I almost think the 40 plus athletes need to help themselves by announcing, Hey, I'm not gonna be a Brady or LeBron. Like Joe Flacco should be like, I'm gonna have some nice moments, right? And maybe I could take this team to the playoffs, but don't expect, you know, me tossing the Lombardi in the Tampa Bay Bay, whatever that's called any anytime soon. Right? Right. Yeah. They could help themselves. Anyway, here's a game you've seen eight weeks of the NF NFL season except for the Monday night game.


How many QBs would you take before Aaron Rogers? Right now, and this is a really interesting exercise. I'm just gonna list guys and you tell me when I stop. Okay. Every list I'm taking them to, to just every person I list you're, unless you tell me stop. That's somebody would take over Rogers for this year. Yes. Lamar, Mahomes Burrow. Josh Allen, stop. No, go it. Keep going. Yeah. Jayden Daniels. Yeah. CJ Stroud. There's six Brock Purdy. Yeah. Justin Herbert, Jalen Hertz, Dak Prescott, Jared Goff, Jordan Love.


Now we're at 12. Matthew Stafford. Baker Mayfield. 14. Yep. Kirk Cousins. Yeah. 15. All right. Now it's gonna get fun. Kyler Murray, Trevor Lawrence. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know. Alright, that's your first, I don't know. You might be Caleb Williams. Yeah. All right. Sam. Darn right there. Same. I mean, some of these have to be the same, right? And Drake May. Yeah. So I had the same, so I had cousins was the 15th, Kyler was the 16th.


And we both would have rather have Kyler and the Rogers that's 16. So now he's in the bottom half of starting quarterbacks and it's him Lawrence, Caleb Donald to Drake May, whatever that group is. So he's in, you know, no doubt about it. You don't even have to do all that. They have something called stats and QB ratings. Yeah. But I, I think people still feel like he's a top 10 qb and he's just not, there's no scenario where he is a top 10 QB anymore. He's banged up too. Like I'm, I'm not gonna make an in, certainly not gonna make an injury excuse for him, but, but he just doesn't look like, I feel like he's constantly thinking, oh wow, there's nine more weeks. And that's if we don't make the playoffs and then there's more. Right.


Doesn't he have that look to him? Yeah. Like I can't, I can't, I'm not gonna make it to the finish line. He looks like a, yeah, like he's like a marathoner on miles 16, but he's got like a pulled hamstring. It's the 5G. It's gotta it's gotta be the 5G. But yeah, keep going. He's done another magical thing. He has gotten our cousin of Jimmy back invested in football again. Right. You know, he knows what happens on Sunday afternoons. I, you couldn't have said that since 2005. So congratulations to Aaron. Aaron. All right, couple more questions. Did the Falcons win the NFC South today? Yeah. And maybe the NFC East too. I dunno if you Yeah, they beat the four and four bucks. They beaten them twice.


So the bucks would have to be a game higher than them. Their five and three. The Falcons, they had the Giants left New Orleans, Carolina, Las Vegas and Denver. And I don't really, even if cousins got hurt, I mean they took Pennix eight. He's what, 23 years old. He could probably come in and hold the fort. And I just feel like that, like this is a wrap now. Plus Tampa, you felt the Evans Godman thing today. Even though Mayfield was good, he had a lot of completions. He was able to move while they had more total yards. But guess what? Really nice to have those guys. I'm mad at us. Meaning me and you. We had a plan. It wasn't even a concept of a plan, it was an actual plan that would've wait three, three weeks and then take the Falcons and it would've been about even odds or something.


And then even before this week it was minus two 10 and now they're minus three 70. Oh. So in the south and they swept Tampa. Who's the only team that's gonna compete with them in that division? I don't, I don't need to see Derek Carr's comeback. It's fine. How many touchdown passes for Kirk Cousins last four weeks? Does he have 11? 10? Does he have 10? Yeah. Now imagine they have no pass rush and Tampa was able to hang around in this game partly 'cause Atlanta can't do anything. Imagine if they had somehow we, Danny, not Danny sh and I talked about this on Thursday. Imagine if they had taken one more defensive guy at number eight instead of Penn, right?


Yeah. Would've helped. Tampa had 432 yards today and they lost. One other thing that happened in this game is Kyle Pitts, is he alive? Is it official? Is he is He did, did our five year odyssey. Is it, are we at the finish line and we can now put him in a fantasy lineup and feel okay about it. The tight ends. I'm glad you brought this up Bill. 'cause it does happen to be national tight ends. It is. Congratulations the end of the tight ends. But maybe this is something with tight ends where, Hmm. I'm trying to think because Kyle Pitts, Mark Andrews probably, probably on a lot of waiver wires.


You know, three weeks ago Gotter Gotter was another one. Godard. Yeah. Now like Mark Andrews is a top tight end in the league or right up there. It's very strange with them. And I wonder if the the too deep and everything else is, is is affecting it. But yeah, four for 91 yards, the two touchdowns. You can't sit 'em in fantasy now. No, no. There's there's a lot of pretty good tight ends that are all around the same. And I don't, you know, there's no rhyme or reason to starting whoever, here's, here's another question I think, I think the bulls, the the bills have locked up the A FC East even more than anybody. I told you four wins ahead of everyone else in the division right now. Yeah. It was one of your It's us.


We all have it. We have all the, we have the A FC figured out. We have Chiefs Ravens Texans bills on a parlay that basically pays even odds. Right? Yeah. That's gonna win. I'm not shook by any of it. Even the Ravens. I know they defense is bad. But most up in the air division for you, would you go NFC west or a FC North. A FC North has Baltimore versus Pittsburgh. Yeah. NFC West has three teams now with four losses. The Seahawks, Rams and Niners. And they're all playing each other in the future. And the Niners seem like a guy gets injured every week now. Yeah. It's just part of, part of watching a Niners game. Somebody's gonna limp off. But I personally would say NFC West.


But what would you say? Yeah, I'd say NFC West now maybe more stupid to look at 49 ERs minus one 30 and say, oh McCaffrey's gonna come back soon. Why aren't we just jumping on this? Another team was one 30 that was the Falcons. We let it go. But the Seahawks are last in terms of odds. Like they were at the time right then two weeks ago. And we're like, oh man, this, they're gonna, they get their by by default. But yeah, you can get them at five to one and then the Cardinals could play with anybody. We had, when we did our futures draft, one of the bets I liked was three NFC West playoff teams. Yeah. And I can't remember, it was like the odds were really good on it and I just thought, I didn't know who it was gonna be and I'm still not totally sure who it's gonna be.


But something weird's going on with Arizona, they had no business whatsoever beating the Chargers on Monday night. I still don't know how it happened. Yeah, it was the classic touchdown fumbled through the end zone where you're like, ah, the other team's winning now it's just, it's a lock. And then today it was almost a take the game off the tv. Miami has this game and then the Arizona kind of hung around, hung around. All of a sudden they're stealing the game with Chad Ryland making the winning kick. The dude who literally got the Pat Drake may last year, 'cause he was such a bad kicker. So now the cards are somehow four and four and, and have gotten their ass kicked a couple times. I don't really get it. They're not bad. And you look at that box score, everything's pretty even, right? Yeah. Like tool came out strong but I, I think they was a little bit of a, nobody believes in us.


Nobody believes in our travel plans. They played Monday night and then they have to go cross country, you know, play the Sunday 1:00 PM game and then they just stuck around, stuck around. I got the running quarterback who moves the ball and they were right there against the dolphins. Who I, I don't, again that's, they, you can't circle any team on their schedule for a win. No. Two I thought, I thought their playing with two Oh was, you know, everyone was so worried about 'em playing this week. It was just like you have to throw the ball in two seconds or less. Yeah. Just make the decision quick. If it's not there, just sail it. Like don't don't keep it. Don't hold it. Yeah. The NFC West, I have no idea who's, what are the odds in that division?


We should probably do this. So Niners are minus one 30 cards. Yeah. Plus four 20 Rams plus four 90 and Seahawks five to one. What do you think is the best bet outta those four? I, I hate to say it, but that team we saw tonight, that was, what was that like a five or a six for the 49 ERs. Yeah, but I'm still subscribing a year from hell for them. Really? Can I offer you the ramps? Well that was my preseason pick. Just the plus four 90. Now they have everybody back. They're at Seattle on week nine and if, if, if they can win that one they'd be four and four.


But they, they played Miami, they played the Pats. They played New Orleans. They played the Jets. Yeah. Their last two games are Arizona, Seattle home. I could see them getting the 10 wins. They're gonna get the cup thing. I never believed people are reporting that like the trade. Yeah they're gonna, I never believed that. I thought that was like a classic. I need something for my report on TV today. I don't know who reported for, I just don't believe it. I don't know why they would've traded him. He is got a good contract. You know, like you don't trade him unless you're like one in eight and your season's over their season wasn't over. They had him coming back in Puka. Why would they, why would they be shopping him? It's stupid. Their defense isn't great but they are a bunch of liars. But their office is really good.


I mean Puka Puka was supposed to be limited all over the damn place. Right. He's awesome. And Kyron Williams just scores every game. Yeah, he's in the end zone every single game. He's Derrick Henry without the 160 yards. Yeah. I'm not saying the Rams are gonna win the division. I just like those odds the most. The plus four 90. I don't, the cards to me seem like smoke and mirrors. Yeah. Seattle has really gotten their ass kicked a couple times, which I think is a bad sign for them. It doesn't seem like they can play two good games in a row. So. And Metcalf the Metcalf injury hurt them to, last question is Anthony Richardson gonna still be starting in a month?


Can I give you some stats man? Go ahead. Yeah. First half today, two for 15, right for the game, 10 for 32 threw a pick at the end of the first half, which was one of the five worst passes of the year. And he also has one of the other 5 44 0.4 completion percentage for the year. So nine passes, five of the nine, every nine he throws are incomplete. And they're not just incomplete. I would say I was with somebody that I was saying it was like, I probably have made this joke before, but watch when you watch, like you have a little, little boy like a 6-year-old and they're trying to piss in a urinal and it's just going everywhere. Right. That's what, that's what his passes look like.


Yeah. He has no idea where they're going. But it also seems like at any time he could throw a 70 yarder and hit somebody in stride. But the next one will be like, oh, bounce one. He's just, he's no idea where the ball's going. Well that's the thing I like looking at the halftime, the, the 1:00 PM Eastern Games. I like looking at the halftime stats for quarterback. 'cause there's always a few that are in the 30, 40, 50 yards. Yeah. And he had like 68 yards. I'm like, oh he is okay. Then I'm like, wait, let me gaze, lemme just move my head to the left and see completion attempts. And he was two, what'd you say? Two for 15. Two for 15. And they're all bad throws. I like him. Nice guy. But, and then he took himself out 'cause he was tired. It is, it's a tiring game. It's tough one.


I think I personally thought they should have benched him at halftime for Flacco. Yeah. 'cause I thought that was a winnable game. Houston really struggles. I mean they've been pulling out these games. They lost digs today, so now they don't have digs or Collins next week. It's basically Tank dale or bust. It feels like they can't really protect Stroud and they're kind of hanging around and just kind of outwitting these teams down the stretch. But it, when you watch 'em, it it, it feels pretty flimsy. And I like them that I said last week to you, I thought the Texans and the Packers, I wanted to see what they would look like in December when they have everybody back. Right. Feel, they feel really getable week to week now. I really thought Stroud was like under siege and was against the Colts.


It's like the Colt having a good defense. Yeah. The Colts playing tough though. They, they for some reason they were al always in there with them. But, you know, but Well if, if all they have to do, I know that's not all they have to do, but they're minus eight 50 to win a division. They're gonna take care of business there. Yeah. The and Jordan Love hurt his groin. So when we talk about the Detroit game, that's the thing that happened in the Packers games. That was another, I mean he's won three games and Malik Willis has won three games. Right. Jaguar's lost again. They lost Christian Kirk. Yeah. T Higgins decided on Friday to hurt his quad after I did million dollar picks. Thanks. Oh, thanks. T And I ended up having to try to hedge the, the Bengals bet that I already had because I thought they were gonna throw on them all game.


They got killed by the Eagles. I I almost wanna cross them off. I know we can't. But that is, you know, well we do this every year. There's a three and five, two and six three and six team that turns it around second half and we won't have next week at the top of the pod. We'll try to figure out who that team is. 'cause it happens every year and we know it's gonna happen. And they're a candidate. We'll be, we'll be over the Hump, the nine games for Mo for some. So yeah, it'll have be somebody that's two and seven or three and six or three and five, like one of those records. That's fine. But the Eagles sure they look good. They made some plays. But I also think if you're playing the Bengals with Chase and that's it, there's also some awful Zach Taylor play calling. I can't say he's been awesome this year.


Some weird fort down stuff. The the Chiefs beat the Raiders but didn't cover. Right. The Lions killed the Titans road and then the Broncos beat the Panthers by 14 Covered, covered the 14, 13 point tees that I called in on the Ringers Sunday pregame Browns. I didn't make fun of it. Go plus 20 over down to 31 chiefs. And then I've, and then the Broncos covered easily. Yeah. I didn't have to sweat it. The Chiefs were as closest, I guess. Yeah, right. And they were, they were by 14 the whole game. Yeah. Yeah.


So the Panthers are 51 and one 40 the last four weeks. Yeah. I, I don't even know why Begin didn't be them for win for a w worse record. Your south bet is just looking golden. I was laughing at you. I'm like, these teams play each other. They're gonna have 20 wins just playing. You know, not whatever. Just with a few more. They can't, I they're never gonna get to th what is it, 30 and a half is the number. Yeah. 30 and a half. They got 12 in eight weeks. So they'd have to get 19 in the last nine weeks to beat me like over two a week. Let's take a break for the podcast.


This episode is brought to you by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV. Hmm. The 2025 Lincoln Aviator nails that feeling And next level confidence. The updated grill and sleek lights. Total head turners under the hood of refined twin Turbo V six powers you through with authority inside Pure Comfort plus three row seating. Custom climate control available massage seats keep you ready to tackle whatever's next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer for current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast, some things in life should be boring like banking. 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible level-headed wise. All the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why PNC Bank strives to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the un boring things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service mark of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC, Bank National Association member FDIC.


So we did a futures draft before the season and my number one bet was NFC South under 30 wins plus 1 55. You took that. Detroit, green Bay, Chicago, Minnesota exact bet plus 600 and Caleb over 18.5 interceptions with your first two. Is Caleb gonna get that? Oh, where is he? Oh man, he was really on. He was really on track. I don't that might, you might be sweating that one out. Lemme see some ones that we hit though during this Mahome Stra and Lawrence 4K Yards was plus 4 0 3. I think that's gonna hit unless somebody gets hurt. Houston, a FC South plus hundred.


I had that. It's gonna hit You had cousins come back. Player of the year plus four 30. Is he the favorite now? Who else was He's gotta be. Well it was Rogers and cousins were up there. Oh, you've got that. Yeah. Walker for the NFC West Rushing Leader. All the Niners guys got hurt. Yeah, he takes himself out a a lot. Tim James Connor. Yeah. He guess he's got hurt. Power Williams is good too. Yeah, I had Detroit for the one seed plus four 80. That's looking good. This one hurts Hutchinson Mo Sacks 1101. Yeah. And he was cruising. He got hurt. Well on his way. Yep. You had Tyreek 13 tds. Oh yeah. Plus 360. That's not happening. But you had Lamb most receiving yards in the NFCA East plus one 15. I think that will happen.


Ooh, well Brown got hurt. He'd think almost 200 today. Yeah. If neighbor stays hurt. Yeah, it could be. All right. I lost on Pats being last when this team, I have the Seahawks over eight and a half with the Pats under four and a half. Three to one. You had Pat's worst record, lion's best record. 36 to one. That's still in play. No, you need, you need one more Panthers win probably. No, the Panthers, you're so good with that south bed because the Panthers are going to win two more games. So you, what do you what? 14 then Yeah, you're, you're set. You had Atlanta, kc, Jacksonville, and Houston ought to make the playoffs minus one 60. That's not gonna win. And then we could keep going. But those were, those were our favorites.


One of the ones was NFC East More wins than the NFC South minus 1 75. Good. And we love that one. So the NFC West three playoff teams, that was plus five 50. You had Daniel's Offensive Rookie of the Year six to one. Oh, I know that. I know that. That was a great one. Yeah. But we hit, we hit a lot of these Seahawks playoffs plus 1 68. I think that's in there. Har Bar Coach of the Year, et cetera, et cetera. What are we gonna do with the money? With all the money, with all the fake money? We, I didn't actually win. I just, all I want is for us not to look terrible when we do these futures. I know like we have that, I have that NBA super boost O KC 55 plus wins Cleveland 45 plus Phoenix 45 plus.


I'm feeling great about that. And they boosted that to like plus two 80, something like that. Okay, we gotta hit the boost. We gotta, we gotta treat our people right? They hang on every word we say. We're looking out for the people.


Hey, today's Guest Alliance is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday AI at the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and certainly faster than Bryce Young today. And you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future-proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


Guest Alliance week nine before we do Guest Alliance. Here's the playoff picture. Six WIN Teams, Detroit, green Bay, Washington, Phillies five and two. Atlanta's five and three. But then Chicago's four and three, Seattle, Tampa, Arizona, San Francisco are all four and four. So the C is like, we're, we're not gonna know what happens for two more months. No, A FC KC seven and oh, Buffalo and Houston. Six and two. Pittsburgh's five and two. Baltimore's five and three. That's five teams. Then you have the Chargers in Denver. Denver's five and three. The Chargers are four and three. Indy's four and four.


There's gonna be an awful, a FFC playoff team. Yeah, I think it's official. Yeah. We're gonna be like, we might be able to bet against Bow Nicks in a playoff game. Denver is, well that's kind of how I felt about Chicago and Washington and, but fans of both cities would be mad. But I was like, look at my chops. I felt like, oh man, who would, who was salivating more me knowing? I could bet one of these teams in the playoffs. Well, the two seed that is actually gonna play this team in the playoffs, but yeah, Denver. Denver doesn't seem ready to me just yet. I know they beat up on the Panthers. It gets a little rough of them Coming up. But they're, yeah, they're, their overall under was five and a half. They're at five already. Like that could be Buffalo hosting Denver as like that's 10 and a half point favorites.


Right? Yeah. That'd be a fun one. MVP Josh Allen is the favorite on FanDuel at plus three 20. Lamar is plus three 50. Mahomes is plus four 50. Goff is seven to one and Daniels is nine to one. And I don't think anyone else is really in the mix at this point. I still like golf here. I'm still going golf. I, I know they, I mean they scored a billion points and he didn't contribute accordingly. Like, like a guy would score a bi that many points. But his numbers, what did he do? He has, in the last four games, he has 13 Incompletions and Yeah, that they have 23 touchdowns.


Like you show that stat to the Panthers coach and he is like, what? What league is that right? Can I get in that league? What? That's ridiculous numbers. He's like, can I get in any league? Yeah. Dave Canales, who fake punted from, did you see that one today? I did. Yeah, yeah, yeah. The desperation. Fake punt on a bad team that goes terribly is the announcer never knows what to do. Right. That's like, oh boy. Just when you thought it couldn't get worse for the Panthers. It's like one of those, they're just like so bumed out. Right? The announcers of the Panthers Broncos games might not know what to do anyway, but just because, because they're put putting that slot. Well let's, but yeah, there was some, an Antonio Pierce, it's Chris Myers.


Let's just call it, let's just say who it's, it actually wasn't, it was one, it was down. Whatever Chris Meyer says, I'm right here. Hey. But yeah, but Pierce not kicking that field goal on fourth. I don't know if you wanna talk about it real quick, but against the, the Chiefs, I think he could have cut it to four and then, I mean they had first and goal at the one. It was like fourth and goal from the three. Like what? What do you need to see your team's going backwards? Bring the field goal. Now's when you bring the field goal kicker out. Pierce's field goal decisions this year have been one of the secret joys of YouTube TV's multi-view. It's either jaded Davis', Hail Mary or Pierce kicking the field goal to cut it from eight to five last week.


Right. That were my two favorite moments of the year. I, that was, that was the best. He's so good. And it's still a one touchdown game. I have to say. I think Alan at plus three 20, even though he is the favorite is probably the one I would bet if I had to bet any of those. Yeah. 'cause if there are one or a two seed, he's gonna be the reason. Right. There's no other reason. He's excellent. And I feel like they have eight pass catch now and he finally threw an interception. He had nine games in a row. Yeah. He without a pick. Still coming. Alright. Guess Alliance Week nine. Somehow the jets are playing on Thursday night. I feel like this team has been on national tv.


The only bigger nightmare than being a Jets fan is being everyone else who likes watching night games on television. Yeah. Because we have to fucking watch this team again. Yeah, they, they didn't, the schedule makers got like bored or something. They put the Jets, the Steelers and the Giants and some kind of like bingo hopper and they just kept going like, all right, well just, you play Thursday and you play here and then you'll play each other six times and we'll have you against the Texans on Halloween. Well this is in New York, or I guess in New Jersey. Which I don't know if that helps the Jets. I think people will be surly. I think alcohol will be served and consumed and I don't think it's gonna be a happy sporting event to go to.


The good news for the Jets is that the Texans are down to one receiver now. From what I saw today, I think they could probably run the ball and with the ball on them. But I have the Texans as favorites. I have the Texans favorite by one and a half at the New York. At the New York Jets. All right. Here's what infuriates me. The Texans are a lot better than the Jets. And I'm not just saying 'cause one team's six and two and the other's two and six. So I also had the Texans favored, but by three and I thought it was a little light. The jets are favored by one and a half. Oh wow. The jets are favored by one and a half. Wow. What do you need to see out of the Jets anymore? Well, what you saw today, can't.


Yeah. They seemed like they wanted to season end except for a couple guys. The, can they play a capable quarterback and and survive. I, I don't, I don't like this line. This makes me wanna skip the week. 'cause I'm not gonna do well the rest of the games if I can't hit this. Where do you think this line ends? Well maybe it'll flip. We've seen one and a half slip the other way. Like two, but Oh no. Texans are favored by one. Tex jets are favored by one. Yeah. It would've to flip. Oh, I'm up T. Sorry. It did flip already. I'm sorry. It did flip. The Texans are one and a half. When I wrote it down an hour ago. It was Jets one half. That's what I way So I hit that. Exactly. You got it. Exactly. All right. I was just insulted that the Jets at one point Jesus was favorite.


It's like you got it. Exactly. I feel like you're on the Jets with the He did that for fun. You got it. Anyway. Yeah. Sunday Marquee game is great. Lions at Green Bay. Sadly we don't know if Jordan Love what his status is gonna be. I just picked it like he's gonna play. 'cause I assume he is gonna play of the Lions by three. Well, so you think Jordan Love with Jordan? Love the Lions. Well you're gonna, I'm You get it anyway. It's three and a half. Okay. But I thought, I thought Green Bay would be a one point favorite with Jordan. Love. I'm so off today, so off. I have three watchable games and the first one is your team.


Because it's Falcons Cowboys. You kind of need the game. Yep. I'll go this far. I kind of like watching Atlanta. You do? I think they're a fun hang every week. Yeah. I enjoy watching their team. I like their offense, their defense. They can't rush the passer. So the other offense is always good. Their games are fun to watch. I have the Falcons minus three over the Cowboys. I think you can throw on them. I think you could actually potentially beat them. All right, I'm gonna get this one. I said Falcons by one and it's one and a half, but it probably will move up to a number. You have that that's Yeah, I, it depends what version you're getting. Right. If cousins is in sync and Kyle, you know Kyle Pitts is alive and you know Moony and all those guys are, you know, clicking on offense.


Yeah. Great. So they have fun to watch. But if it's 1715 and they're trotting, coup out to kick a field 54 yard or you know, that means something or doesn't. I hate that version. Bears are the second re watchable game. They are at Arizona. Yeah. This game will be I think, interesting and compelling. And I have the Bears favored by one. Ooh. All right. I get this. I had Arizona buy two and it's Arizona by one and a half. Don't agree. Don't a lot of people from Chicago live in Arizona. Like isn't that the transplant Mike Ban, is it?


Yeah. So. it is one. Yeah. I think there's a lot like that's so the like it's a little closer to Illinois that just like zoom down there. Yeah. I dunno what the point is, but lot, lot Bears mean if you have the two residents saying lot of Bears fans, Hey you balance it. You gotta get outta Arizona in the summer and Chicago. That's the most fun time to be in Chicago. Right. Lot of Bears fans is what I'm saying. Well didn't they used to be They were the Chicago Cardinals, right? Cardinals? Yeah. Oh yeah, yeah, yeah. They moved from Chicago to Arizona. Right? Yeah. Before our time. Please let's way before our time, you know there was something on, in speaking of Chicago, there was something on Instagram of all of Wal Walter Payton's touchdown throws.


Really? He was by far the best thrower, non QB thrower of anyone who did that. And I was thinking like, I still have him number one for any running back I've ever seen Walter Payton. And we didn't get to see him that much in New England. I mean it was only like every once in a while. But we'd see the clips. But I just thought like he was the best at everything. I don't know if there's been anyone like him since he was dazzling. They say Jim Brown for him the, but yeah, he could do it all. You know what? And as a quarterback too, let's go back to your list of who's better than Rogers. Would you take, you'd rather Walter Payton or Roger right now? Now he Walter Payton or Rogers. No, forget 78 right now.


I would think. Walter Payton. He was so good. Who's your number one can, would you say Emmett just outta loyalty? Well I would, but I mean what, what are we saying? Because like best hang best to watch was Barry Sanders. There's no doubt. Yeah. But if I'm trying to win Oh games, win the Super Bowl games. Emett Close had games. If I had one game I would take Emmett. Yeah. If I had a whole season. Absolutely. Walter Payton's. But I thought Emmett for one game with a decent offensive line was getting you 155 yards. Agree. And he was gonna move the chains 11 times. Would probably forget named like Dickerson and guys like that. But I even put like Terrell Davis pretty high in terms of like, so that's the other one for me.


'cause it was a short prime. But that those two years where it just seemed like he could run 45 degrees and go six yards a thing. He'd be the other one for me. And the 21st century guys, I dunno, a lot of people would've Tomlinson here and I just never, he never quite got there for me as good as Peterson. He's better in fantasy than real life. Peterson, eh? I dunno. Last one for the watchable Seahawks. Rams. It's in Seattle and I have the Seahawks by two and a half over the Rams. That's exactly what I had. It's one and a half though. Ooh. It's 3, 3, 3, 3. Fair watchable. I have some real, I have some real losers in here though.


Go ahead. I did something today 'cause we had the eight early games today by the way. I did the multi-view for the big tv. I put Green Bay Jacksonville on its own, own TV on the side. And then I had the other three games. Browns, Miami and Buffalo. I had them on a three team multi-view. But I kept clicking. That was the one I was controlling with my finger. Like on the remote. Kind of kept on the Browns. But if it was a commercial we'd zoom back for the all three. I watched eight games at the same time. It was really proud of myself. World World. This is right. Yeah. So did I. And you didn't mention Red Zone once.


You don't need it. Watch the games Red. Listen those are red zones for the kids. They're giving us the games for people like my son. Yeah. They're putting full actual game. Watch John in front of us. Why are we, why are we grabbing the mashed potatoes? Come on. Fairly watchable. Buffalo is home for the Miami Dolphins and I think this goes right into the Vegas zone. And it's Bills by five. That's what I said. It's six and a half. Ooh. Out of the Vegas zone. Well they beat him 31 10 week two, right? Yeah. They killed them. Yeah. If I'm playing the Dolphins after watching that game game, I'm playing everybody tight and I'm making two it try to hold the ball for two seconds 'cause I think he's under direction not to.


Right. Brown's home for the Chargers. And you could have argued this should have been a watchable. I have the Brown's favorite by one and a half. Oh, I got this right. I had Chargers by two. It's it's charges by two and a half. That's stupid. I don't agree with that. I don't even like this Chargers team. I don't know. I that did you watch, so you had that game on a multi view? Oh no, that was later. That was later game. I watched that game. Yeah. That I, I, I look at that, I'm like, I feel bad for everyone who has to sit in traffic because of they st they went, they bought tickets to Saints Chargers.


Disgusting on some threads about, you know, there are 10 receivers picked in the first 37 Harrison Neighbors. A. D. The Pats had the 34th pick in the second round. Brian Thomas on 23rd. Casey traded up for Xavier worthy at 28. You want lad. So five guys. I really like Ricky Pearsall 31 look good tonight. Legette on Carolina. He's at least done a couple things. Keon Coleman I think has been good on Buffalo 33. We had the 34th pick traded back with the Chargers.


They took lad McConkey 34th. We took Jalen Poe 37th who I think has the worst stats of any receiver who's had over like 10 targets this season. Somehow the Pats have done it again. The second round receivers. I don't know how we do it. How many not, not crossing him off, but I'm just saying, I was thinking about it as lad McConkey was like the star of the Chargers game. No doubt. Did you cross him off your fantasy teams? He was on at least two of your fantasy teams. Jalen Poe? Not anymore. He's He was waved. He did, yeah. A long time ago, right? Yeah. So we traded, we had the 34th pick. We traded back for the 110th pick, traded back three spots and went from 1 37 to one 10th.


So they moved out 27 spots to not have lad McConkey who just seems like he gets open and makes big plays all the time. This trading actually catches the ball to work out. He used to work out for you all the time. Catches the ball. And like everyone else in the Patriots, Washington. Is that the Giants? Yep. I couldn't go higher than four in this. I've watched him by four. You get it? I said two and it's three and a half. I don't know why I said two. That was dumb. It's five five. This was, this was 2118, right? Who won this? Yeah, Washington won the first time. 2118. Well that was the one where they didn't have the backup kicker.


That's right. And then couldn't they had to go for it when, yeah. Yeah. Washington score touchdown. Yeah. Raven's Broncos. I'm putting the Broncos right away on Moneyline underdog alert because Oh wow. Because after a loss, huh? After Raven's Loss. No, I'm not betting it. I'm just saying like that Raven's Ravens at home minus seven against Denver. And the reason you have to do the, that's my pick. But the reason I have them on alert is it just seems like when the Ravens play a shitty team, they just decide to play shitty or like a mediocre team.


Like they rise to the occasions and gets good teams and a game like this, they're like, ah, Bo Nicks, he can't throw the ball and Right. You know, they think they'll just show up and then, you know, all of a sudden it's 14 to 12 with four minutes left. What you ask. I could see that. I said five and a half. But FanDuel disagrees with both of us. They say this is gonna be as shellacking eight and a half they went with, so you win, you know, FanDuel, I say this outta love and it's a compliment because FanDuel's been great to us and they're an awesome partner. And I like FanDuel. They rebranded those RSNs. They did, yeah. And I was watching the Warriors Clippers game tonight and it said like the FanDuel Sports Network, it was kind of cool.


It's, it was actually like, it seemed like pretty smart that they got all those RSNs. It's just like automatic. All your, all your promotion boosts popped up. Did you see your boosts promoted on that? No. That sounds great. Yeah. Yeah. You, yeah. You're not, you're not getting paid for that? No, no. I didn't see it. I didn't see it. I didn't, I didn't see they should, they should though. Why not? I just like FanDuel sports network so much more than bs, whatever the fuck Bally's was. Yeah. All right. Last one for semi watchable is Eagles Jaguars in Philly. Doug doesn't, does do we lose coach middle seat tomorrow this week? You mean?


What do you mean? Well, tomorrow is when they fire coaches. Oh, I see. Yeah, you're right, you're right. Oh man, I would've pulled the plug three times. By the way, this was flexed out of the night game, right? Yeah. That's how much they hate middle seat. Yeah. This is now a late afternoon game. I think this is it for him. This is, he doesn't leave Philly. They give him a cheese steak and a bus pass and that's that. We'll always have him and Nick Foles somehow beating the Patriots in Belichick and Brady. We'll go down 40 years from now, people will just be staring at the box score going, wait, what happened? That kills you. That's top three for you. Worst if I, I think if you, I there's probably too many Yankee shit in there, but no, the, the worst ones are the, the two giants ones were worse than the Eagles one.


Yeah. Alright. Yeah. So this doesn't crack the five, I don't think the first Giants one, they played better than us. Like, I know we were supposed to win, but that team was running on fumes and the Giants played great that game. They, they beat the shit out of us. They deserved to win. The second one was bullshit. I don't know how we didn't win that game. That's really like that, that was that giant, that second Giants team has to be one of the worst Super Bowl champs ever. I have no idea how we lost to that game. Gro was hurt. I lost, I lost a lot of money on both. So stupid. A lot of money. You watch that game. I actually watched that game two summers ago and I was just like, how the fuck did we lose this game? Yeah. Eagles jags. I have Eagles minus six. You're closer. I said five and a half. It's seven mm.


Can we urge America not to tease the Eagles? You won't do eagles. No. What, what Tim do. Keep eagles. Keep the eagles as ravens dirty mouths. You wouldn't do it. No. Really? Don't trust the Eagles. You don't think they're back on track. Don't trust the Eagles. That's true. You, you, you know, you did warn us. 'cause when you said Siri's got that swagger and then, then it goes the other way. Right? Yeah. Don't trust them.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals. With the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to by Ubereats. It's football season. And Ubereats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Score buy one, get one free spicy chicken sandwiches from Wendy's only on Ubereats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day and deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more. All season long. Ubereats official on demand food delivery partner of the NFL. Order now for game day terms. Taxes and fees apply. See app for details.


Poop facta two games. The Bengals are home for the Raiders. The Raiders are officially unwatchable and yet I don't know how the Bengals can be favored by more than seven, seven and a half. So I went seven. I didn't even feel good about that. You're good. See, this is where you pull away. I said six. I didn't even think they were that strong. Eight and a half is the number. Oh, that's stupid. Jesus. They stink. I mean that talk about like no pass rush, no pressure or anything. Holy shit. Hertz has to feel like, I don't, he probably didn't even get touched in that game. No, I know. He was push, push pushing from like the three yard line.


Like he didn't even care. I, we saw Desmond Ritter come in for a play for one play. Yeah. And I was like, oh. And they went, oh, where's he going? What? What happened? Not that we haven't seen enough of him, but did we have a nickname for Desmond Ritter? Did we, what'd we have? Middle C says No. It feels like something you would've come up with. Yeah. Other poop affect the game. Titans are home for the Patriots. And this is a 1.5 if I've ever seen it. Titans by 1.5 over the past. That's what's what I said. That's, I try to think about it. And I gave up. And so I went to the Go-to one and a half. It is three. The Titans are three point fair. Wow. They're terrible. Jesus.


They're awful. Talk about poor, like to go from bike for eight ball to the coaching. I don't know Mike Vrabel. I don't like, I didn't, I like, not like we're friends. I couldn't believe they fired him. Right. Thought he was a really good coach. They have this team now that just gets like torched on special teams. They just give away games. They gave away that Bears Game week one. Yeah. They did two, three stupid things every week. I agree. They had Mike Vrabel the stupid. You know, I, I don't know what happened on The Ringer pregame show today because like these guys laughed at me when I made the bills My best bet last week against the Titans. And it took 'em a minute to get rolling. Yeah. And then this week they're like, all right, which big favorite losers? It's Detroit. Right? I'm like, no way.


This team. Right. They can't get outta there. They're they're, they're scoring an Ines. It's like a college game. Ugh. Well we're not done with the poop facta. We have our own category. 1, 2, 3, 4, 5. I wrote down seven O's. It's the Poop Facta Saints at Panthers. Holy moly. Will I not watch one minute of this game? You couldn't. How many iPads would drop that? You could bring in TVs and I would, I would throw them against the wall over watching this. They toss you 10 iPads. The the Apple Store brings 'em to your house. No, not putting 'em on. My goal next week is to not watch a single play from this game unless it's cut into a game I'm watching where they're like, let's go to Carolina.


Well we already saw it. There was a 47 10 in the original. Right? Is that week one when we were talking about the Saints with the 99 Rams? No, they've lost six straight. Yep. I have a Saints minus three. Okay. This floored me. And you get it again. And I think you, you won the week at this point. Yeah. I said two. I said two and a half. It's six and a half. Well this is Raheem said this on the Sunday pre-game show today. Which is excellent. You should watch it on YouTube TV every week. Thanks. 'cause it Sal's on it. Thanks. 11 o'clock on Sundays. YouTube tv. Put in your library on YouTube tv. YouTube tv. Great product. And then it's right there. Yeah. And Raheem was like, his model had them what, 16 points Right behind every other team, right?


Yeah. Is like minus 16 or something. Kind of being born out week to week to week where they're just getting slaughtered. Yeah. So, but yeah, maybe that's why six and a, well I guess cars coming back. Oh, they're just so bad. They're just so bad. They lose 2014 to Denver. Yeah. I guess it makes sense. Sunday Night Vikings Colts in Minnesota Flexed. I don't know how you start Richardson in this game with that, with the way the Vikings in Flores. I don't, I just, you have to start Flacco. But I think they're just kind of pot committed to Richon at this point. Hmm. I have Vikings by four and a half.


Ooh. I thought with that explanation, you're gonna go higher. I went five and a half. It's six and a half. Hmm. Lemme count. There's no way. Right. 4, 5, 6, 7, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8, 9, 10. No. Fuck that. Yeah. Well you'll put that in a teaser. I mean, the Vikings coming off a loss on extended rest. You love that. If Flaco plays, I'm betting the Colts. Wow. I think the Colts have been playing pretty well. I, their quarterbacks really hurt them, but I think they, their defenses look better. They can run the ball. I like their receivers. I just think their quarterback's just been bad. I think I don't like 'em 'cause they have a lot of fantasy players who have let me down.


And it might be because of Anthony Richardson, but the Michael Pittman, like there's those a ton of second tier receivers like Pittman and Flowers and I have all of 'em that they just don't ever produce. Yeah. Monday night. Somehow the chiefs are home for another Monday night. Or the league's really thrown them some bones this season. Yeah. Ah, Mike, you playing a Monday night at home and narrow it. That's just bring the Sunday, Mike. Come on. I don't wanna go to Minnesota. It's freezing. Chiefs home for the Bucks. And I'm gonna say chiefs by seven. I said six, nine and a half.


Oh Jesus. They're just, they're just killing Tampa. They're kill they're not, not the Chiefs necessarily. The, the odd FanDuel. Just no respect. They put up some lot of yards today. Yeah. Well that's it. Yeah. You were another win for me. Yeah, you're up. I need you on code Dean. This is a problem. 5, 3, 1. You're up after nine weeks.


Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. To learn more visit Workday dot com.


Yeah, I knew I was getting super sick on that last Sunday and then I got killed. I was sick all week. You were delirious you was saying As as I was like so sick. I know. Like had a few weeks ago sucks. Yeah, I thought, like, I was like, am I dying? Like is this just what happens when we get old? Because I was sick all the way to like Friday. I do wonder that. Yeah. I was like, what, is this something I would've been able to shake off at 33? And then I'm like, no, I don't think so. The good news is on Tuesday or maybe Wednesday, one of those days, I, I couldn't get outta bed. I needed something to watch and I'd gone through all the soprano seasons. I finished season seven, so I was like, do I just run it back and start in season one?


I was like, nah. So I put on that Aaron Hernandez show. Oh yeah. And I thought it would be like this terrible show that I, it would like, I'd be, I'd be in a haze. I'd be barely paying attention, but I'd kind of enjoy it. It wasn't bad. I kind of liked it. Really? Yeah. I kind of did. And all the stuff that's been cut out on Twitter about like Aaron Hernandez trying to run that out and up and Yeah. Yeah, yeah. They pulled out like the funniest stuff. Like the Belichick guy who's doing this like crazy SNO impersonation to Belichick. Yeah. All the reveals, the reveals are big, right? Like when craft walks walks in the room, it's a big thing. Yeah. When you're watching it like hour to hour, it, it doesn't seem as bad.


But I, I gotta be honest, like I kind of avoided the Hernandez story. I knew, I knew he had a couple crimes. Yeah. You know. Well you're watching the Nonsense murders nonsense version though. Watch the watch the three documentaries that are out on it. Well I didn't watch any of those, so I didn't know a lot of the background. Yeah. And the show lays it out, like kind of how he ends up unraveling and it, I, I don't know. It was pretty compelling. It wasn't great, but it was like, it was no better or worse than all the other stuff I watched. Like the Menendez Brothers and Right. All these, they're all the same show. I know. But the bonus for me was, it was a typical kind of stupid brain, you know, brain salad show.


But it was my team So. it was like, it was the Patriot uniforms. It's like, oh my God, that's Alex Carrero. And then Craft comes in and it's some actor playing craft and Myra Craft's there. I don't know. I kind of, I was like almost unconscious, but I kind of enjoyed it. Yeah. I've been going back and forth between Menendez and Hernandez and you're right, they are kind of the same, but, you know, but there, there's just So it it just, they need consultants though when like they're, they're gonna take, when Aaron Hernandez is six feet out of the end zone and they call it a touchdown. Like, come on, if I want that, I'll, I watch the rail games. Well this is the agency I've wanted to do forever. The sports movies, sports TV consulting agency. How is that hard? Yeah. Yeah. They had, they like a recurring thing is his brother as a aspiring quarterback.


'cause he played like a Yukon and let's just say they didn't use any CGI for the throws. Right. I do feel like the sports scenes now and all these shows and movies are amazing 'cause they can just CGI the crowd. You really feel like you're watching a game game. They're much better. I dunno. Kept my interest. They're much better. And the Gronk, the Gronk guy is hilarious too. And he is like good friends with Gronk, which is the guy who plays him. Oh, is that true? Yeah. Yeah. He is been his body double in commercials and everything else. So they're, they're buddies. I was thinking they do this based on a true story thing. Yeah. And what that, that gives you a ton of leeway. Right. So they could kind of sneak Oh yeah. Two or three things in there that aren't necessarily true.


Like why not just have Hernandez get drunk with Belichick one night and try to make a move on Belichick and Belichick. Like what, what are the lines of things you can do on a, based on a true story? Right. I I think it's, there's been so many of these and I, I don't even know, like the Freddie Mercury one was nuts. Like when, when and where he was sick at the time. They really took liberties with that. But El John one was supposedly crazy. Yeah. Like once, once it's based on, you can do basically whatever you want. Yeah. Like Dahmer dated princess die. Like, it doesn't even matter anymore. It's really not the way they put it. But could he have like a like kind of a sexting relationship with Roger Goodell? Just throw that in there for no reason.


Like, I think so. Hey Roger. Whatcha are you wearing tonight? I don't know. I I just feels like, I wish they would almost get crazier when they do these shows. No one's really been successful suing on, on something like that. But, so I wonder if you take it to the extreme. Yeah. Like how far could it go? I guess everything has to be rooted in fact. But like when he goes in, he, there's a scene where he asked Belichick for a trade. Right. And be and it's just the two of them in the room. Yeah. So there's no way to actually know what happened. And Belichick's like, we just gave you a new contract. What are you talking about? We can't trade you. But like, what if that didn't happen? Could Belichick sue? It's like his word against the dead guys. Right. It's too hard to prove. Yeah. I don't know Aaron. Which one's kind of when it's the dead guy?


Oh, Belichick's not the dead guy. Belichick Belichick was pretty lively last week. He was Dar left and right. I know he was, yeah. It was just kind of nuts that that guy was on our team that as we as now we've been further removed from him. Like, holy shit, this guy was a fucking maniac. He played a year as a murderer. Right. He played a full year after the murders. It didn't take much to set him off. I'll tell you that much. Yeah. And then he, he got this house and he had this whole wall of guns. Right. Which I said I know it's based on a true story. Maybe it was three guns and they decided to had 12. But he had like a fucking Tony Montana wall of guns. Yeah. In case somebody came after him. The guy, like he was just absolutely out of his mind.


Yeah. They kind of intimate that. There was some CTE stuff with him too, which I'm sure is true. Yeah. Yeah. I think, I think they took a look at his brain. It wasn't pretty. Yeah. There's two left. So he still has a couple murders left and some jail. So we'll see how that goes. But yeah, good luck. I don't know, we're running outta guys like this to do shows about Yeah, you're right. They're almost, almost gonna have to start running back things that they've already done. Like I know they did Bundy five years ago, but maybe just like bring him back again. Are you saying step it up athletes? We need more like atrocities for the current athletes. Come on. Show. Hey, how you doing here? Yeah, I would watch nine episodes of the show.


Hey, interpreter thing I would do. That sounds great. It's gotta be coming out. Yeah. So I went to, I went to game two yesterday and we, I, neither of us have done a pod since that Freddie Freeman game, which I think was the most important baseball game probably the last eight years. Is that fair? Since coach game seven. Yeah. I think that's good. Yep. Like one of the five most memorable baseball games of this century. I felt like everybody was watching it or knew about it. It was a Friday night Big stars, the biggest two franchises we have and, and really like a crazy memorable game. And then the game yesterday was pretty good too. And then Tani gets hurt in the eighth inning and the crowd, he doesn't get up and the crowd was like that was it.


The crowd was dead after that. Sure, sure. Like it was just like deer the headlights. But it seems like he's gonna play game three. Looks like it. I'm like a pig and shit watching how bad it's going for judge. Does that make me a bad person? I don't know. No, I don't think so. I think it's a lot of fun. But I I'm, I'm gonna sound like a sap here, but you know, for that game one, the overall ratings were great and the la ratings were superb. But the New York ratings weren't so, weren't as high as they expected. And they, they chalk it up to, well when one New York team is out, those fans don't care. So like Met fans aren't watching as much of a Dodger Yankees. I can't get enough of it. Like, just growing up. Yeah. And seeing them having played each other and that uniform matchup and everything.


I ha kind of hate 'em both. I definitely hate the Yankees more. Yeah. And then the, and the LA backdrop and everything. It's like, it just really Oh yeah. It make, it's just, it's beautiful. It's beautiful. And the Dodgers have incredible fans. And I, I've been saying this since we moved out here. I think you took me to my first Dodger game. My did really? My 20 plus years ago. Yeah. We double dated. Yeah. But like the amount of jerseys. Yeah. This was, I was trying to think like what's the best final event game to go to out of the four sports. And I actually think it's the World Series 'cause Super Bowl you have a lot of like, people who don't care about either team or they're just there. It's corporate, right. Basketball and hockey. It's super exciting. But it basically just feels like a bigger version of like the conference finals.


Right. It doesn't feel different. It feels important, but it's not, doesn't feel like any like crazy more weight than, I don't know, game seven of the Eastern finals series series just feels different. Saying going as a non-fan. Like you're not, I mean I know you're really fan. I'm saying whether you're non-fan or a fan, it's just, there's, there's a different vibe to it. It really feels like so special. Like they have the different all the stuff before the game. Yeah. The, the banners they put up the, the page special hats with the logos that sell out immediately. Like everything about it is, it's all good. But the, the intensity and I don't know, you can make a case that there's, for all those sports is intense, but when I went to game two and Mets Dodgers, even though they, they won by, you know, it was like six three bases loaded and the, the fans were going nuts.


I'm like, I have nowhere to hide. I wanna hide somewhere. I wanna be home right now. Right. What am I, why am I doing this to myself? So that is, that's a tough thing to match. We had, I, I wasn't driving yesterday, but we left after the bottom of the eighth. 'cause the Dodgers were up three runs and I think we would've stayed if it was a one run game. I also wasn't in charge. But it's a two and a half hour decision. Yeah. if you stay for the, if you stay for the final out, it's just an extra two hours. So you just have to decide. If it was the Red Sox, obviously I would've, I wouldn't have left. But I don't know of another team in any sport that has that kind of traffic decision after.


Yeah. And think it's two and a half hours. That's like driving from Boston to Greenwich, Connecticut. It's no picnic getting there either. No matter where you live. No. And and I think people like in small towns listen to this and like, what's wrong with these guys? You know, we have a team in Kansas City and it's fine. We're in and out. Like you don't understand. You don't understand. It's, it's, it's like a nine hour commitment. The game being three hour, you know, like Yeah. And, and four of those hours are definitely gonna suck. So you really gotta wanna go. Yeah. We left at 2 45 yesterday for the game started at five 15. That's too late. And then the game, no, we got, we we were able to, I was with somebody that knew some, some secret roads.


There's like that whole secret road universe too, but Right. But yeah, it's like after the game, if, if you leave at the same time of everybody pouring out, you're in the parking lot for two hours. Right? Yeah. Going one mile an hour stop. One mile an hour. Stop. This person wants to get in. Fuck you. I'm I'm further ahead than you. I'm gonna, and it's just, that's two hours. And I don't know how they haven't figured this out. They make, they have the most, they make the most money out of any baseball franchise. Have they not figured out any version of trying to fix this? And here's what's bad about it. You got Happy Dodger fans who are immediately put in a shitty mood hour or two of trying to, you know, not get an a fender bender weaving in and out that you know, that whatever Vince Sculley drive.


And then you got the, the angry fans who left 'cause their team lost who were just on 10, you know. Right. They wanna, who just wanna kill anybody. Yeah. Aaron Hernandez Right. Remake right there. But the, the funniest part of all of this is it's such a fucking hassle to get there and to leave. But then when you go there, it's one of the best stadiums. It's the best in any professional sport. It's outta control. It's, that's what we're sayings. So cool. Everybody should go now. It's, it's for game six, I think to me. How many must stadiums are there for you? Because I, I actually thought Dallas was, when we went to Dallas I thought, oh, stadiums thought that was on the list for me. The, the Cowboy Stadium Fenway's Gotta be there.


Seven. Wrigley Wrigley for Dodger Stadium. Yeah. What else would you I'll say this Clipper right? Lambo. Definitely Lambo Clippers. Put it in there only 'cause it's so different. I haven't been there yet. I don't have an answer. Everybody loves it. Everyone goes wild for people are pretty fired up for the wall. Yeah. The wall is t-shirts being thrown by the actual athletes on a screen. I've never been to the Montreal Stadium, the hockey stadium, but I Oh yeah. Yeah. I don't know like how cathedra it feels when you go in there and how much history you can feel. But that's one I've always wanted to hit. Well you don't, you don't like the college ones, but there's probably four or five we should have. Well, college, well college is like another 10, right?


Yeah, yeah, yeah. I I was just going pros. Yeah. Yeah. College. There's a million of them. How many have you, how many have you actually gone to? Probably not a, not that many. The college ones. I haven't gone to that many either. Yeah, not too many. Syracuse was fun 'cause it was right by, I mean, it was loud but not too many other than that the Rose Bowl and, and Oregon was great. How was your Halloween party? It was good nephew. Kyle and I went, we had the same costume though. Costume, what was it, Kyle? Who are we? Matt Foley. It was an SNL theme, which I thought was good because it's a, it's a double. Matt Foley's. Yeah, it's the 50 year. I'll send you the picture. And Don Bar's girlfriend was also Matt Foley. But yeah, we did the 50 year and it was like, kind of a good theme because it, you know, it spans a lot of generations and you got a good sense of like, who, who got to see, you know, like, oh this is when you watch.


Oh, interesting. You watch these. So yeah, there was, yeah. Nephew, Kyle and I, we just stood in opposite sides of the yard the whole night. Was anyone the more cowbell guy or no? Yeah, our friend Will Burke. It was another cowboy bell guy. All right, let's do parent corner. What do you got? Let's do it. All right. So, I mean, I got so much stuff instead of wrestling tournament six 15 in the morning, morning Saturday tournament. Yeah. Like the real stuff, the high school stuff, but that's whatever. We went and he lost and that was that. All right, here's, here's something a girl likes my 10-year-old Harrison. And we found the note and he was at this stage where he doesn't want anything to do with girls.


Right. He is all sports. Yeah. He thinks sports is the cool thing. Right. We found the note and it fell out of his backpack and it really did. We didn't go digging. And it said, thanks for everything. I love you. And then the girl's name, I'm not gonna say it was like, thanks for everything I love. What did they, I love you Aaron Hernandez. What is going on? He's thanking, getting thanked for. Why do you know Aaron Hernandez? What's everything? They, they take off to Aspen after school. Like, so after we, we had to ask him about it and, and he immediately gets defensive. He's like, I don't even know her. It's not for me. I don't care. Like three things.


I could not both all three be true. And I was thinking like when I was 10 or 11, I had my first girlfriend and my parents did this to me. And you hate it, right? Yeah. And they're like, oh yeah, you like her and she likes you and where are you gonna go? Are you gonna go after school? you can go somewhere. And I'm sure my parents parents did it to them, but it's not the right thing to do. Right. Because I'm just make, I'm just pushing him further away Right. From the whole thing if I'm making fun of him. So is there any way to make fun of the situation? And so, so much so this is, my wife and I talk about this a lot. She's like, make there's so, make it worse When you make fun of Ben, he gets mad. Right. Right, right, right. It's all works out.


I don't know how to, I don't know how to converse if I'm not making fun. Like when, no, I can't just become another human being. Is there anyone else that does that though? Do you, do we know? Do we have any friends that play it? Cool. And like I'm just not, I'm just gonna be respectful and not asking that you can No. Right. They're probably better parents than us. Yeah, yeah. Oh yeah, sure. Because we're, we're just, we're fueled by sarcasm and ridicule as way of parenting our kids. So they don't wanna hear it from us. Yeah. Yeah. I don't know. I don't know what it is. So what'd you do with the note? Did you put it on the fridge? Well, we didn't do anything. No, no, no. He, he ended up tearing it up even though he is, he, he claimed it wasn't for him and it had his name on it and everything and so stupid.


But, well, Ted just when Ben had that girlfriend for like six months. 10 Yeah. Yeah. 10 or 11. Like fifth grade. Right. 10 days. It's like a little like platonic frisky. Yeah. Nothing. Nothing's actually happening. But you take pictures together and then, but it all works out. They, they're okay. Right. They'll, it's not gonna be like, oh no, my father made fun of me so I can't, I can't touch a girl until I'm 27 and we'll, we'll never that. Right. I'll tell you about Harrison. Man. He's already a ladies man. Are you kidding me? He's 10 years old. He hasn't even got the puberty, get his ball sticking out of his shorts. He doesn't all left from Right. That is what, 10-year-old. We don't have control of these kids anyway.


And Right when you send them to school as a boy, they come back a girl, you know, the teachers could do it without your permission. It's crazy what goes on. It happens all the time. The to say the boy stuff only gets worse. Yeah. See you Harrison's a lot like Ben. Yeah. It's only just wait, but if flip think he's Ben is like, girls are yucky too for a minute, wasn't he? Yeah. And then it completely flipped. Right. But Okay. But hated questioning. Hated being interrogated in any way. Yeah. Gets mad all the time. We can never get information from 'em.


Who is that? What happened with her? Oh, leave me alone. Yeah. My parent, my parent corner, my son really wanted to go this tower of the Creator listening party at the Clippers Arena tonight. And he never really asked me for anything. Obviously I have connections with music and was able to help out with some tickets, but we had to use this Intuit Dome thing. Have you downloaded that app yet? I haven't, but I heard it's not easy. First of all, it has one star on Apple, which I think is maybe high out five. Super hard. But so the, the person who's getting the tickets, they were trying to transfer it to him and it wasn't working.


'cause he signed up today maybe there was like whatever. So they had to transfer it to me and then I couldn't transfer it to him and it was in the thing he's now yelling at me. Yeah. I'm like, all I did was try to get you with it. Now it's my fault. I don't understand why you can't. They just like instantly start turning on you and, and I'm in Intuit Dome. Hell he then I'm like, you just log in as me. Just put it on your thing. Log in as me and you'll be able to get the ticket. He logs in as me, it locks out the account. Now I have to change my password. Oh shit. I'm trying to watch Niners Cowboys and prepare for the pod. He's the yelling at me. It's just going back and forth. Now I changed my password. It's on, I gotta figure out how to transfer it and it's now my wife's involved.


Now she's yelling at him and all this is going on during the first half of the game as I'm trying to figure out, guess the lines, all that stuff. And it's just this two hour odyssey. And then I don't hear anything for a little bit. He's panicking third quarter of the game. I don't hear anything for a half hour. And I'm like, Hey, did you get in? And he just replies. Yeah, no thank you. No thanks to you. No thank you. No. Yeah. Oh, I forgot to tell you. That was really nice. Thanks. I'm, I'm so glad I'm in. I'm pumped. Hey, I know I was a pain in the ass. Sorry. Just yeah. Three words.


Three letters. Yeah. So that was it. That's what it, that's what it is. When you're trying to do something nice for your son, you're still mad. You, if you were good, it's probably mad fucking dad into it. Dumb. It's so stupid. You wouldn't had to change your password. I would've gotten in 10 minutes before. Yeah. I don't know that this Intuit dome with these where they measure, measure your biometrics and they take pictures of your face and nobody else can use your account and you can't transfer tickets. We might have gone too far. Well, and it's, it's cashless once you get in and like you want, you just, you wave it like a wand and you just take food. I don't even think there's a concessionaire from what I was told, like you take food and it, it knows what you took It kind of like from a, like a mini bar.


How long? It does feel like a, like a 2006 JKO bit that you would've done. Right. Where you go in and you just take like $700 of food and Yeah. Right. You try to see how much you can get through without actually paying for all the, yeah, whatever. I don't understand it. It's a little creepy though. Little bit. I don't know if I like it or not. Apparently there's like 2000 cameras in the building and they could photograph everybody at all times. They know when you walk in it's, it's definitely, I guess what the future's gonna look like. And then there's the cheering session section and all that. Right. The wall. The the wall. Durant said it was good. Yeah, he said it was All right. I'm going next week so I'll, I'll be able to that. Alright. You gotta report back 'cause I'm excited about this. All right. That's it for Parent Corner.


Anything else you got? Yeah, through The Ringer with Tate Frazier. He is a delightful man. Lots of fun. We got against a lots a couple times on Ringer. Podcast Network The Ringer pregame show Sundays and on Cousin Sal's winning weekend this Friday. I should have you guess who my Guest is. Major Aaron Hernandez. It's Aaron Hernandez. Tyler the creator. Well that wasn't fun. You guessed right away. Yeah. How about this? I'll give you three guesses and I'll give, I'll give you these two hints. He was featured, he starred in a movie about sports gambling and he was back to b Kanye. Oh, you son of a bitch.


Well that was an easy hint. I like to for the money. Yeah, no, I shouldn't have said it's good movie. You didn't think it was like Paul Newman? Vin is like, VIN was like the Chad Millman character in it. Yeah, right. I got Matthew McConaughey. That's fun. So you like do it for the money. I kind of like it. CR wants to do it for re watchable. He's been pushing. I wanna watch, watch it again because I remember, you know, because we're nuts and I, I know the premise was a little bit out there but I'm gonna, I'm gonna watch it again. Alright. Cousin. Sal is always good job by you. Good job by you buddy. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Cousin Sal. Thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve Saru as well. Don't forget you can watch clips from this podcast as well as the entire show on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.


New rewatch. What's coming Monday night? I'm gonna have another podcast on Tuesday. I'll see you then. Must be 21 Plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem Call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut.


Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.