(2s):
Coming up. Coming up. Probably the best football day of the year. We're gonna talk about it next.

(6s):
This episode of The Bill. Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta. Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.

(29s):
This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with personal price plan, bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.

(1m 4s):
We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network new re watchable coming on Monday night. We did The Replacements, the Keanu Ree football movie that has grown on me a lot over the last two and a half decades. Van Lath joined me and then afterwards we taped something for the Ringer Movies channel as well, because The Rock had a movie coming out Red, one that we knew was gonna bomb, which it did. But we did a whole thing about the Rock's movie career and just what happened. How has this movie career not been better, and why are our expectations so low for every movie that the Rock is in? So you can find that on The Ringer movies channel as well. You can find all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel.

(1m 47s):
You can check out The Ringer do com as well. Great website. A lot of good stuff going on at The Ringer lately. I hope you're checking out Todd McKay's new podcast too. Which he was going live on YouTube on Saturday nights last couple weeks, which at, during college football as stuff was happening. So great to have Todd aboard. Great to have Jacoby and Goldsberry aboard as well. I hope you're listening to Mismatch because Jacoby and Veno have been really, really funny together. So there you go. On this podcast, Cousin Sal is gonna join us like he does every Sunday night. It was the best football day of the year. We broke it down live on YouTube. You're about to hear it first. Our friends from Pearl Jam.

(2m 49s):
Oh My God. Oh my God. Mike, he's, he, Justin Herbert is throwing such rockets. I I thought Elon Musk Was living inside his Bicep. I really did. Mike, I got no fluids left in my body. I got no fluids left. Mike, If they show those commercials with someone making dirty tacos again, I don't, I don't know what I'm gonna do outside sofa. I Don't know what quarterback I like more back that Mike, what a game. Chargers. Bengals. Wow. I tweeted this with like two minutes left. We've seen that exact Chargers game before.

(3m 30s):
We've seen that exact Bengals game before. We're taping this at nine o'clock. The game just ended and it was just, it was just who's gonna do what they do better? Yeah. Are the Bengals just gonna blow a completely winnable game and kick themselves after? Are the Chargers just gonna have a massive choke in a game? That seemed over at halftime and I really didn't know until the, until McPherson lined up for 51 and I was like, he's not making this. It's not going. It's not going in. But then Justin Herbert much blind. Not a lot of clutch moments for Justin. Made some big throws win the game. You, and he is lucky too, because you texted, you're like, I'm, I'm gonna torch this mother effort if he loses this game.

(4m 11s):
Something like that. Fucking, But no, I crazy went through my Justin Herbert progression too as a fan. You know how quarterbacks go through their pro progression tight end slant curl. Okay, I'll throw the screen. Yeah, I went through the whole thing like, oh my God, look how great he is in the fir. This is how did anyone ever compare him the two? He is the best. This is ridiculous. Yeah. They're gonna upset somebody in the playoffs too. What the hell is he doing? How does he throw seven incomplete passes in a row? He is crushing us. He's overthrowing McConkey and, and, and now he's back to being great, I guess. Well, huge fumble. Yeah. When he, he was, he was really running around like he used to a couple years ago and enjoying the studio space.

(4m 52s):
And then he had that fumble when he fumbled for anyone who says that momentum doesn't matter in a football game, that fumble was like, oh no, here we go. I mean, this game had five momentum swings as it was going, but, so he had that fumble and then just sailed it over Mackey's head who was wide open, but then he made up for it on that last drive with some big plays. Is that, is that a better win for the Chargers or a worse loss for the Bengals? Oh man. I'm actually leaning toward worse loss. Right. They're all, they're all like this. They're, they're four and seven now, the Bengals, I know they're done. Like I Well, they're done, but they're not done. They're, they see, they're not done. No, I know, but every game's like this, right? It's like the, I, you know what, they're just a, like a great sparring partner that that's basically what they are at this point.

(5m 35s):
Oh, I like this. They're like razor redick. Yeah, they are. Yeah. They're gonna give you their all and they're gonna come up short or they're gonna win and it just, but they can't put together three games in a row. I don't think where they, when, I haven't really scoured their schedule, but I guess I'll take a look here. What is it gonna, no, I'll do it right now. They're, they're gonna, they're gonna get tripped up somewhere. The question is whether it's 10 wins or nine. Right. Because right now, right now they're somehow four and seven where they have terrible loss this week. Tail end of the game. Baltimore week 10. Terrible Baltimore week five. Terrible Washington week three kc week two, they've, they've had basically five either war games and they've lost their over five in either our games.

(6m 15s):
But they have to sweep the Steelers as I look at it, by week next week two with the Steelers left, they have at Dallas, at Tennessee Home Cleveland and Home Denver Week 17. Well, that's it probably. Right. So they, they could get to nine. I don't see 10. 10 means they run the slate the rest of the way. So the Broncos would be the seven, right? That's the one we're eyeing for the seven seed. So that might be for the seven seed, but I don't know, are they really gonna beat the Cowboys? Of course they're Yeah. A FFC playoff picture. Yeah. They're four and seven. Miami's four and six. Indy's five and six. Denver's six and five chargers are now seven and three. Yeah, it's, it's gonna be that Denver, indie Cincy Miami.

(6m 56s):
One of those four is going, and Cincy is the best team out of those four. It's not close. It's crazy how good they're like, how is this team not gonna be in the top seven in that conference? And then I think, like I look at it from a fan's perspective, like, oh, we gotta get him in as a football fan. But I also look like, oh, I want a shitty team of the seven seat I could bet against. Right. And this, this wouldn't be them. Denver might be at some point Hench is already locked down Pittsburgh two seed, Denver seven seat as the shaky Saturday first playoff game of round one game. Oh, you think? Yeah. Russell Wilson. Bow Nicks. Yeah. Sean Peyton, Mike Tomlin. I don't know if they'll be able to top that for the Shays game.

(7m 36s):
Didn't the A A FC south sign, like a 12 year deal with Shays? Like they're, they're in, they're in until 2038 or something like Notre Dame with NBC. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Whoever wins a FC South and host that four five or so, that would have to be Tampa, like Washington or Tampa, Arizona. I guess. Tampa, Arizona gets tough to be No, a FFC south. I was thinking a FFC south. I was thinking Houston and Oh, I dunno. Yeah, no, no. Who would be the five? Houston Baltimore. I guess Houston's gonna be a three seed probably, right? Are they? Yeah. No, four seed. Oh yeah, you're right. Buffalo, Pittsburgh, kc. Yeah. Houston's the four seed. Yeah. So it, the Houston, so Houston Chargers or Pittsburgh, Denver for shaky.

(8m 18s):
But we're getting ahead of ourselves. It's fine. This was the day we talked about the kicking was too good. What are we gonna do? Should we move the uprights closer? And then today happened where it's just kickers all over the place. Just murdering teams, including McPherson in this game with two long ones where a couple years ago it looked like he was Justin Tucker and waiting. Yeah. And then today a couple, he looks, looks like Justin Tucker. Yeah. Yeah. But that's not why they Except the new version. Yeah. Now he looks like Justin Tucker right now. But that's not why they lost, they lost 'cause they fell behind 24 to six and Yeah. And dug too big of behold for themselves. It's funny though, when you watch them when Higgins is playing and he is missed like four and a half games and they have Chase on one side and Higgins on the other side, it really is one.

(9m 1s):
And Chase Brown, who I think has been really good this season. And you watch and you go, man, this deep, how do you stop these guys? Right? It just feels like it's eight yards to the side. Anytime they want, they can go deep. Even when they missed the deep throws, they like just missed them. And I don't know, they just seem like one of the best five offenses to me. I don't get it. And then the Chargers did too though, right? And then they JI don't know. Look, I'd suck as a coach, but you and I were like, why aren't they running the ball? Well run the ball a little bit. Herbert obviously doesn't have it for this 20 minute segment of the game and give it to Dobbins who's like the fastest guy in Southern California and see what happens. You know? And we saw, yeah, they, so Dobbins was 11 for 56 and Edwards was six for 27.

(9m 47s):
And then Herbert ran five for 65. But yeah, that both of those guys, Dobbins and Edwards were four and a half a carry Dobbins ripped off that last one for the winter. But I, I was thinking the same thing because as I know the receivers have overachieved for the Chargers, but it's still Will Disley. It's still a rookie McConkey. It's still Quentin Johnston. It's still Josh Palmer at a huge drop on the second last draft. I mean, one of the weird things, the charges were like dying to give this game away. They got the ball back with what, 1 45 left after the missed field goal. And you have to run on first down to kill some clock. And they don't, they just threw it three straight times. They gave the ball back in like 13 seconds to the Bengals and then the Bengals couldn't do it anything either. But some of the clock management was bad.

(10m 29s):
I usually think Harbaugh's pretty good at this stuff. Zach Taylor is not, no. I usually have confidence he's gonna do the wrong thing. And now we're gonna lose middle seat Doug tomorrow. Oh, and Zach Taylor's gonna move up the, what the fuck are you doing? Rankings, I think. Interesting. He's gotta keep middle seat Doug in a, in a job there. Yeah. That's gonna be fun. That's that. That's done, right? That's done. I don't know where you wanna jump around to, but that game. But yeah, I have a spot for them. We're, we'll get to them later. Do we? Yeah. So best Collinsworth moments, he had that one where Burrow scrambled out and like did the Houdini thing and then hit somebody. And Tico finished his whole play by play for another eight seconds. And Collinsworth can just hold the laugh now.

(11m 12s):
It's, it's almost like Richard who, who is the tantric sex guy? Sting, yeah. Yeah. That's him. Yeah. It's almost like how, how tantric sex people can hold the orgasm. Collinsworth can just hold it. Tarico finishes and then it is a, ah, Mike Joe Burrow just made the greatest play I've ever seen. It's, it's the greatest play I've ever seen Mike. That's a spectacular play. Spectacular. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. Yeah. He's good. I I I hate to brag on him 'cause I really enjoy No, I love Collins. Have to, this is all to love. We love Collinsworth. Yeah. Yeah. We love you Chris. Yeah. And by the way, speaking of announcers that we've had fun with, I've had more fun than you, but I thought Romo was really good today too. Excellent.

(11m 52s):
Like he was excellent. Like he has stepped that I, he had a couple rocky years there, but I thought he was excellent today. We had good announcers today. Just, just a lot of little things that people don't appreciate but like when, you know, when Mahomes went to the line of scrimmage and was like, definitely not gonna draw them off sides. And he is like, he is overacting when a quarterback overacts, they're just, they're letting the clock run out. They're not gonna run. It's like, yeah, you're right. That's why didn't we pick that up? Yeah. So big picture with D Chargers team. 'cause I think they needed one of these Mm. Feeling good about themselves. They're only giving up 13 points a game. Like how good is this team? And they kind of needed a nut crunch game and they got it. That's for damn sure. But big picture, they're not gonna catch the Chiefs.

(12m 35s):
They, they're in the hunt for the five seed. Yeah. And I think you want the five seed this year. 'cause you go to, you get to go to at Houston Sure. In, in round one, which is I think way more palatable than going to Buffalo or you know, going to Pittsburgh slash Baltimore. Yeah. So I think they can get to the five seed. Right. Did you see anything today that made you worried about them other than the fact that they almost choked away an 18 point lead? So you would say, well they would get there. Wouldn't you think it's either Pittsburgh or Baltimore in the five, I don't know. Loses I guess they have the same record as Baltimore. I guess they have the same record. They both have four laws. They have four. Baltimore is four laws. No. Baltimore's eight and three charger are seven and three.

(13m 15s):
Yep, yep, yep. Yeah. Okay. And I think Baltimore is a harder schedule down, down the stretch. Yeah. It's all, it's all a mess there. I I agree. And yeah, they're gonna go on the road. But the biggest takeaway here is they had fans. They had fans there. I, we said last week we were like, well here's the one game where they're not gonna have fans. That that was about as loud of a fan base as we've had in la. Right. Yeah. I I feel like we should, I I, there's no way to quantify it. Right. But I feel like their approval written goes up each week at home. I was impressed. Yeah, well I was impressed by the, by the Bengals that, that, that they had that many fans. I don't really fully understand it. Yeah, that's true. That's too true too. But Yeah. But, but yeah, the Chargers, they're coming here to see Harbaugh, but it's for the Chargers.

(13m 56s):
It's kind of good to you almost feel like you're tested. 'cause it really did feel like the crowd was loud in the second app. Definitely. I like this Chargers team. Khalil Mack didn't play today. I like that they can run the ball and I, I think they'll, that's what they'll probably learn from big picture is maybe run the ball more. If I'm the Bengals, I don't know how Zach Taylor survives the season. This is, could be another job that's open. And I was thinking like, pretty interesting Belichick job, he's gonna get one of these jobs, right? It's an interesting Belichick job. It's a really interesting bra bull job, but Oh, Steelers are eight and two. The Ravens are seven and four. I fucked up So the truck have a better record than, yeah, that was four losses.

(14m 37s):
That's what I thought. Yeah. Yeah. Well he did Cleveland, right? He did. He did Cleveland before Belichick. Right. So he could do Cincinnati. He can, he's not going back to Cleveland. Yeah, no, no, I'm just saying he could do, he loves Ohio clearly. No, I think this is definitely the best spot for him, but it's not, I don't know. It's not the, not the offense that doesn't really matter. Right? Like get rid of Lou Omo, who, I don't know. It's been inconsistent for years now. Yeah. I dunno what that defense is. I'm just saying if you're going for wins, if you're Belichick, if you're, one of the reasons you're coming back is to break the record, I no doubt Burrow is the best quarterback available. 'cause otherwise you're looking at Trevor Lawrence. Yeah. You're looking at whatever the Giants do, you're looking at whoever the hell the Raiders QB is gonna be.

(15m 20s):
So the big game of the day, this was an awesome football day. I would, I would say this was the best start to finish day we had. Right? For sure. For sure. and it gets bad. Gets a little lean next week. But yeah, I love this. They were like six good matchups. I thought what was great was no London game, no Germany game. So we just were able to start off hot with some really good games. But then Bill's Chiefs became the best game of the day. Yeah. And I was thinking, 'cause the, the bills pulled it out and it was a really good win for them. Good. I think beating KC is it, is it the most impressive thing you could do in a regular season in any sport right now where the fans are the most excited? Like, ah, we beat blank Scott.

(16m 1s):
They have to be the mountain, right? I think so. I I mean it's so exciting. I, I read, I don't know if this is true, like fans were jumping on through tables like before the game even before it even started outside. Yes. In the parking lot. Oh God, this was happening. Yeah. But the problem is they beat 'em in the regular season before, right. Last year or maybe even like twice. And then they like, you know, Kansas City's just got that try it in January chip. But it's gonna be a lot easier if they, you know, if they get the one seat and this brings 'em closer. I think it's a little more special. 'cause it was their first loss and it's week 11. Sure. You know, you hang that one on. But I did write down and I was texting with the Chiefs fan who predicted this early in the first quarter.

(16m 43s):
Not Nick Wright, another chiefs fan. Okay. Little Milton Burish performance from the Chiefs today. Obviously they wanna win, they're trying to win, but I don't feel like they brought out the kitchen sink like Kelsey was two catches, eight yards. Right. They really was trying to get worthy involved to see what they have with him. They're trying to get Hopkins involved, trying to run the ball a little bit. But for the most part, like there's another gear for these guys and the gear is Kelsey. And it's not like the Bills were like, we've taken out Travis Kel. They just, there's games where they put him in the garage. And we've talked about it the last couple years where it's clearly a Travis is in the garage game. This was a Travis's in the garage game.

(17m 24s):
Yeah. I think if this is in January, he has eight catches for 80 yards and a bunch of first downs. I was Travis, I was looking at the box going, you're probably right because it really doesn't make sense because I look at it aside from Alan, they had 49 yards rushing, right? Yeah. And they still won time in possession by eight minutes. And the defense was very good. They allowed like two 60 the whole game. So I don't know what to make of the, of the chiefs. I was waiting for like a bad call towards the end there. But that was a ballsy, ballsy call by McDermott. Like they likely lose the game if they go up five and kick a field goal on, is it fourth and two? They went forward. Or, or even more fourth and two. It was fourth and two fourth, they're up two, they're, it's a little long for a field goal. And I don't think anyone watching the game or in the building thought Tyler Bass was making that field goal.

(18m 9s):
No. So they go for it and it turns out to be like a signature Awesome Josh Allen play. But you know, we make fun of coaches all the time. I thought it was clearly you gotta go for it. Romo thought the same thing. Yep. And, and then you just put he was, that's where Romo said, I think before the play, like you gotta put this in Josh's hands. You have to let Josh decide the game, which is what they did. And he ends up Coming up with a signature play. But it was a tough one for everyone who had the chiefs and the tees where I was gonna say he didn't have to beat him by nine I, it was just brutal. I had multiple teases in real life and million dollar picks. She Cap Padia, our guy tweeted after the game 124 Mahomes games.

(18m 51s):
How many times has he lost by more than eight points? I know it was 19 before the last loss. By nine. No, eight. More than eight. More than eight points. 15 five. Jesus. Wow. That made me feel worse about my two thesis. Not even early. I had them with Pittsburgh, I had them with Denver. My Detroit minus three, two and a half. Like I was just God. And we need it. Of course I had it too, but We'll, like 30, 24 will be all right. Casey needs two scores. There'll be a soft Buffalo defense. Right. They'll come down, they'll kick a field goal. I don't, I don't know who was kick, you know, bucker sat out, which is such a girly thing to do.

(19m 35s):
Good thing he's super secure. But I don't know what they, I thought we were gonna cut it to six and we were gonna be all right. Yeah, but We didn't get there. Well you know what happened? This is how you really know the game didn't matter for the chiefs. Mahomes had that huge scramble to the 30 when they were down nine, where they could have like, you know, either tried to go for a Ted or kick field goal called Back Right Flag on the play holding on the Chiefs. It was like, oh my God. Yeah. They don't win. And the Chiefs in a crunch time moment and pulled back of Mahomes play. We've made fucking history. Yeah. And then Chiefs fans get mad when you bring this up, but it's just a fact. They, they tho they, those things never get called for them ever. Or for some reason that one got called and that was, that was his for a tease.

(20m 17s):
Listen, but both things could be true. They're, they're great, great team, great team that gets crazy Calls Dynasty potentially and they get calls at the end. Yeah. I mean their whole, their whole dynasty started out with the D Ford penalty where they lose to the Pats and then, well that was against them since then. They've, that was against them. And since then they've, they've had some good ones. But Buffalo, I mean you mentioned it earlier, 19 carriers for 49 yards. Yeah. I thought big picture, I said this last week to you and it's a weird point to make good loss for the Chiefs, as weird as that sounds like, get that undefeated thing over with now. You don't have to worry about it. Just, you know, just get through it. You don't have the pressure of it. I, I still feel like that oh seven Pats, which I wanted them to go undefeated.

(21m 1s):
I'm not saying I would take that back. That was so much fun. I love that season. But they're better off if Baltimore beats them in that Monday night game. The whole season's different in a good way. And I think they probably win the Super Bowl if they lose that game. So for the Chiefs it's fine. Yeah. They're gonna go 15 and two, 14 and three, whatever it is, they're gonna win the a ffc Don don't lose that one seed. Right. Like where do you think the one seed is more important and the A FC or the NFC? I kind of think the a ffc Well I think in the feels definitely. Well I think in the N ffc it's almost a wrap at this point with the Detroit schedule. Yeah. I didn't, I think they'd have to have like five more injuries. Right. I don't think it matters that much to the Chiefs 'cause it feels like they could just go and win anywhere. Right. It did I think last year. I think it matter more for Pittsburgh. Yeah.

(21m 40s):
Pittsburgh got it. Like when you think like how, how, how kind of crummy Russ was today and they Oh yeah. Know were still able to pull one out. I, I kind of feel like home field is mandatory. I don't even, not even positive. We'll talk about that game later. I'm not even positive what they do for the quarterback situation going forward. 'cause Russ was not great. But Fields comes in, keeps winning. Yeah. He's Fields comes in and slides so yard before the marker in a game that would end it. Additional thoughts out of this, so are the Lions officially the best team now? I think they are, right? Well Corn the fan season and the odds makers, they, this is the fir not, not only the first time this year, the first time ever their favorite to win the Super Bowl.

(22m 25s):
Is that true? That is true. I wouldn't make something look like that. Was that one of our was that one of our FanDuel people told us that? No, I ju I'm just looking at, oh no I saw it. I saw multiple people reported it on Twitter. But their plus four 20. Wow. Casey plus 500 Ravens plus six 50 Bill seven and one. We have some first time ever they've been playing for 309 years. We have not a small amount of Lion's futures. No. Right. With the one seed, with the NFC north with the conference. Best record Super Bowl matchup best record. So the better they do with that. Yeah. So Detroit's plus four 20 KC is five to one Baltimore plus nine 50 on FanDuel Or six 50 No, six 50.

(23m 9s):
Yeah. Six 50 Buffalo, seven to one Eagles, nine to one. And then the Niners are the six team right now. 14. I don't understand that at all. They're not even favored to win a division, but they're, yeah, I don't, I don't get that. Plus when you watch them, they're not passing the eye test either. So who's the MVP favorite then? Because we'll get to Lamar after the break, but it wasn't like Lamar was lighting it on fire. So Josh Allen, now the MVP favorite plus one 50 Lamar's two to one because he sucked today. He didn't suck. He didn't suck. Tucker missed two field goals. Lamar was, LA is fine. He didn't suck. Stop it. He didn't suck.

(23m 49s):
We were talking about January. Lamar is back. I asked, I I asked you like, I was like do you think like at halftime the players wished him a happy new year because it is. It's January all over again for that time. You think his white lotus starting? Yeah. Yeah. It was Jane and Lamar. It was rare for Mahomes is 12 to one to win the MVP at this point Justin Herbert at 25 to one. Not not interesting if if like they ran the slate. I'm just thinking for like long shot bets, but gotta be a top two seed. Which is why I think like Jared Goff, he had that pitiful performance last week, but I think he went out and said, Hey, I got five interceptions last week. Yeah. Can you get me 14 touchdowns today and so that I can, can we score on our first seven drives?

(24m 30s):
Yeah. Can I climb back in this race? Just everyone just be open and they were, we're taking a break for the podcast.

(24m 41s):
This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It is football season, which means the holidays are Coming up and actually SimpliSafe is already having a Black Friday sale. So if you're worried about the safety of your home and family, now is the time to get home security. I personally like to use SimpliSafe because they can stop intruders before they break into your home. That's kind of the goal. I think they take home security to the next level if their active guard outdoor protection. It's not an old school system. They only take action when somebody is already in your house. No, that's not SimpliSafe. They take action before somebody gets in your house. There's no long term contracts, No cancellation fees. It's around $1 a day and it gives me peace of mind and helps me and my family feel protected. So take advantage of this Black Friday sale this week only right now you can take 60% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. Hit to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs two, claim your discount and make sure your home is safe this season. Keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected with SimpliSafe. Again, go to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs that is SimpliSafe with two eyes. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.

(25m 53s):
This episode is brought to you by the all new reimagined Nissan kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have. 'cause you're in them a lot. 'cause you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff. And just to feel safe, you can do it. Drive the all new reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.

(26m 44s):
Pittsburgh, Baltimore you mentioned earlier January. Lamar is back. Chris Boswell fantasy. MVP today six field goals. Yeah, I he had 25 points in our league prompting Hench our buddy to have a conniption about field goal kickers and Right. Should, should we just eliminate them from leagues and all that stuff? I gotta say, I actually kind of like Phil having Phil Gold kickers. Oh you do. I like it. Yeah, I do. I do. I like it. I like not having to worry about it. We, you know, but he, to be fair, when when like Burrow has 46 points, he wants to eliminate quarterbacks too. So he, these are all over the place, but it's kinda lucky.

(27m 25s):
But we also, we could have guessed that exact score, right? It was either gonna be 18, 16, 18, 17 or 1918. Only three options really. So perfect. It was all perfectly scripted. It was all the Steeler scores are scores that sound like they were a world war or an American war from the 17 hundreds or 18 hundreds. I wrote down 2024 Steelers, the most likely team in NFL history to win 18 to 16. It just, it just, yeah, it's the most Steelers Z score you can get. But so Russ through a red zone pick that was among the worst passes of the year that felt like it was gonna flip the game. It did not. He was two for nine in the red zone for seven yards.

(28m 7s):
When he escaped that sack, he had to escape a crazy sack to get there. And it was like, wow, that's 2014. Rush and Russ. And then it's like, oh that's 2022 Russ right there with that interception. Yeah, that's post covid Russ. So they're eight and two and and yet, and their defense was really good today even though they got some help with the field goal kicking. But the Russ thing combined with only really having one receiver. I I just worry about them in January. That that the fact that they're eight and two with all the Pittsburgh, like I have a bunch of futures for them. I'm, they have a, it seems like they're have a really good chance to win the division now. But just big picture, it just feels like they're not gonna be able to get to 20 points in in a playoff game like this.

(28m 53s):
It feels like 1819 is probably the limit for them. Right. Well is there any scenario where he is not the worst quarterback in the A FC playoffs? Oh, now that Bo Nicks is looking that guy. Yeah. Like he's coming out of a sports movie. Big one for you. You have a lot of Bo Nicks stock lie. I think he tightened that offensive rookie of the year gap there. Yeah, I just, he was something interesting before we move on from Baltimore. Pittsburgh borough, nine touchdowns against Baltimore combined in two games. Didn't walk away with a win. Steelers had no touchdowns today. Yeah. 18, 16, no touchdowns. It's a fun, it's a fun league.

(29m 34s):
Russ was 23 for 36 for 2 0 5. But it's that second receiver thing. So Pickens was 8 4 89 and made his every week. He makes just an unbelievable catch that you just can't Oh yeah. Believe number two receiver was Washington two for 42. REM was two for 14. Calvin Austin was one for minus one. Nik was one for four and that's it for their receivers. Yeah. And at some point that's gonna come back to bite them. But their, you know, their defense was great. The Queen got an awesome, awesome, awesome turnover for them that they really needed. And I hate to say phrases like this, but they kind of have Lamar's number.

(30m 18s):
He's one in four against them now. and it feels legit, right? Yeah. I don't know what like, I don't know. This is the team Lamar doesn't wanna play in the playoffs. I think he's gonna get his wish too and he is gonna have to do it on the road because they can't beat him and you know, but Henry didn't go for one 15 either. That was another thing. Like this defense is, is damn good when they need to be. But they really do have to figure out the quarterback thing. I feel bad for Tomlin when fields is sliding. You mentioned it like the thick white 40 stripe is the first down and he's sliding like two yards short. Like it was like a, that was awful. Johnny Knoxville fell video or something. They're two running backs for 27 for 1 0 4.

(30m 58s):
It felt worse watching it. It felt like they were having trouble getting unlocked but you know, they moved the chains enough I guess. Justin soccer defense is great. Didn't get defense field goal cooking good special teams home field advantage for a couple rounds. They're gonna be heard from. I, I have a lot of questions about them winning on the road though with what we've seen for most of the last two weeks. Yeah. And Fields isn't gonna be any better than that. Alright, next one. Oh, speaking of that game RAP, Justin Tucker as a guy you're afraid of for big kicks. We already knew it was coming but T today kind of cemented it.

(31m 39s):
I'm afraid of him if I bet the Ravens, I'm afraid of him. But yeah, this, but I guess last year he was maybe not just as bad but really bad from 50 plus. So yeah, they can see the riding on the wall with this guy. One other thing, so the, the Christmas game, one of 'em on Netflix is Pittsburgh, Kansas City, which we were talking about last week. Maybe not mattering if Casey had this crazy record, but now that's good. It's probably gonna matter. And that is suddenly an amazing Christmas game. If they're separated by one game, it's gonna be like the opposite of Mike Tyson against Jake Paul. Oh that was pretty good. I, I don't know. I don't know what you were watching thought that we're saving that just just for people listening. Yeah. Al and I will be talking about that fight end we watched together.

(32m 22s):
Yes we did. Yeah, we did watch together. Yeah. That's a good one. Our family's gonna hate us on Christmas. We're gonna be glued to that one. I'll be good. Steelers cheese. Yeah, I felt like my family are, I didn't like me that much on Christmas, but I feel like this could be taking it to the next level. Another game that really jumped out that was awesome. San Francisco, Seattle. Ugh. This is the one that me killed Francisco. Course. Of course. On a moneyline parlay all over the place. Oh no. What do you mean? Oh no, they had it Green Bay was my moneyline parlay that. Well you won like it should have lost and miraculously won. Yeah. Which we'll get to. But yeah, Gino seventh game winning drive in the fourth quarter OT since 2023. Well I well how did they do that?

(33m 3s):
I know BOA went, went off and they were helpless. Right. But yeah. How, how about contain Gino a little bit? It's like he shouldn't be running around like 2006 Michael Vick. Right. But that gives a wide open on the runs too. Nobody's there. They only blitzed him once today. I don't know if they're gonna keep that up. If Shanahan's Yeah, they kept it up and he just went for whatever he wanted could have run through the end zone. I really respect Gino, the confidence he has after it goes right for him, how he behaves after. Yeah. Right. Yeah. He's like really, really lot of charisma about it. And it's like, but what about those 10 terrible throws you made earlier in the game and that fumble or the internet. But it that like all of it gets wiped away in the crunch time. Yeah. Just those through.

(33m 43s):
But and yet that's crazy. Crazy. So we're, we have not only the year from hell for San Francisco, but we're now in a situation where Arizona's six and four and the other three teams are five and five in the NFC West. And it feels like that division sending two teams. You think so? But it's shocking. Yeah, I think so. So who, who's out then? Washington or Green Bay? Detroit, Philly, Minnesota, green Bay, Washington, Arizona, Atlanta. Oh shit, you're right. Come on man. This so somebody have to take, take Washington spot. But yeah, I feel like somebody could take Washington spot. I mean they're seven and four and it should be six and five and they're arrow pointing down.

(34m 26s):
Yeah. So they do play the Cowboys. Do you feel any difference between Washington, Seattle, San Francisco and the Rams after watching football for the last four weeks? San Francisco's gonna be the team that's maybe not that good that I'm gonna hold onto it and I'm gonna keep bet. I know I'm figure out a way to bet them in the second round of the playoffs, even though they were eliminated like two weeks before, somehow there's no more dangerous football team than the team that you keep waiting for them to figure it out because you know how much talent they have and then it's week, week 19 and you're like, oh, they're not in the playoffs. And they went five and 12 against the spread this year. Yeah. And I had them in nine of the 12 games they didn't cover. And you shake me in my sleep and I'm like, ah, McCaffrey's back.

(35m 8s):
McCaffrey's back. Like, yeah, it doesn't matter. They can't beat anybody. Arizona's favored now to win the division plus 109 ERs, two 70 Seahawks five to one and the Rams five to one. When do you think Arizona was favored to win the division the last time? Like, like, oh that's a good question. Carson Palmer. 2013, 14 range. Yeah. So after one earlier, right? Yeah, yeah. Right in there. That's a good question. San Francisco have the easiest schedule. I mean San Francisco is like what you, you're about to read it but six of the last seven are are dog fights. Yeah, well they, they're the bigger problem is they're one in three in the NFC West. Yeah, that's true. The worst record.

(35m 48s):
And they only have two games left. But they got at Green Bay at Buffalo next to home, Chicago Home Rams on a Thursday at Miami Home Detroit at Arizona. Those are all rough. I mean I thought that last game would mean something but it really might not. It it might be wrapped by then for them. So they'd have to go five and two with all those games. Yes. I mean you go through all the west, the NFC west teams and really the only team that seems to have a semi easy schedule is Arizona. Yeah. And they're next to are at Seattle at Minnesota. Not exactly easy, but at least they have home, Seattle home Pats at Carolina at the Rams home San Francisco.

(36m 33s):
Like there's a path to go four and three for them and get to 10 wins. But yeah, they're the only ones with Pathers on their schedule I think. Right. I could see you texting me on Monday with some NFC West division bet that we'll probably do and then a week later we'll have a different team. We'll be done. Yeah. We'll just keep, keep betting that dumb division over and over again. Well here's the thing that, so Seattle and the Rams are similar in that they're gonna kick you in the gut if you sleep on them. Right. But then if you bet 'em they're gonna lose. Right. They're just like, they're gonna come back from the dead and you're, you're, you're just gonna lose your mind trying to catch up to which zag they're on or zigging or not. I 90% agree with that and yet when I watch Seattle sometimes I'm like, why aren't these guys better?

(37m 19s):
Yeah. Like I think Kenneth Walker's good. I think their receivers are excellent. I think Gino could move the ball. I feel like when they're down four with three minutes left, I feel like they can actually go down the field and score. How many things would you even say that about holding a 49 ERs parlay slip. Right. I felt the same way. Yeah. Couple more games that really stood out in a delightful day. So Detroit Jacksonville was beautiful because there were eight games early and this one allowed Detroit to immediately come off a tv. Yeah. I had the multi-view and the big tv. I had Green Bay Chicago by itself and then I had the other TV with the three games. Detroit Jacksonville just gotta come up.

(38m 1s):
I left it on because I wasn't sure if they were gonna escort coach middle seat out or not. I didn't wanna miss that. Right. Like getting fired at halftime. Yeah, yeah, yeah. Just pull up in like some kind of just, just like a hearse and just card him away. My goodness. Here gotta be gone Co. Here lies coach middle seat. He, he beat Hick and Brady in the Super Bowl with Nick Foles and then became one of the worst coaches of the last 10 years. There's no rhyme or reason to it. And then it's reported yesterday that this is probably his last game. So he's deadband walking and Jacksonville responds by giving up touchdowns on their first seven drives against them. Yeah.

(38m 40s):
And moves 52 to six. Yep. I'm gonna say he's gonna get fired tomorrow. The GM needs to see you bring your boarding pass please. You're here. 27 B on Greyhound. By the way, you have the middle seat on the bus back. But you know what they should do? 'cause he has that statue outside of Philly, right outside the stadium. Yeah. They should have to punish him. They should have the guy who did Dwayne Wade's statue redo his statue. Like that should be the f you for this miserable, miserable Jacksonville team. My God. Well this could be Belichick's next team. Yeah. We've talked about Ford New stadium coming. I guess it depends how excited you're about Trevor Lawrence.

(39m 22s):
We have learned that Mac Jones, maybe it wasn't just New England's situation, he just might not be a starting quarterback. So what was the, what was the tweet we saw about all the, all the big spread lion's bets that hit Oh, the, where it was like escalator thing. I could find it. Yeah. I, I sometimes I wonder if that's the thing that we're fucking up the most out of we we bet every year on football. Yeah. And just like identifying who the best team in the league is and they always win at least three games by 30 points. Yeah. And why aren't we just playing that? Because you could have taken lines over Jags plus put 30 and a half whatever, and all of a sudden that's 12 to one and all you need to do is take one of those and it covers 12 weeks of bets.

(40m 10s):
Yeah. So yeah. Minus 27 point half plus plus five 20 minus 32 and a half. 10 to one minus 38 and a half, 20 to one. If you bet the team total adjusted over 44 and a half. That was eight 50. Yeah. We, we missed out on a lot of free money. Yeah. Missed out on that. They're damn good. Colts Jets. You know Rogers has a Netflix special coming out in December about like a, it is like the last year with Aaron Rogers. I'm waiting for the joke. Go ahead. I That is the joke. Really? Yeah. You think they were, they were thinking, oh well this will be good, the Jets will be good and then we'll drop this Rogers thing. Like, does anyone wanna hear one minute of Rogers at this point?

(40m 55s):
Yeah. Like even do you think McAfee wants to talk to him for an hour? Who wants to hear from him? If you're ever gonna have buffering issues, that's the time Netflix go get it. Do it. Do it during the Yeah. Try to get the same buffer guy from the Jake Paul Tyson fight. Use it for your he, he just looks like he doesn't wanna get hit anymore and it's the final stage of QBs. We've seen it a lot of times with older, older guys who used to be good and, and that last stage where they're just getting rid of the ball before somebody dings them. That's it doesn't come back. Right. Listen, he's, I know you're like a pig in shit right now. You're so happy. I just, lemme I won't do this every week, but just let me, or or you can cut it outta the pod because I don't care.

(41m 35s):
Eight. No, we're not cutting it out. And plus we're live on YouTube. Go do your thing. Well they have eight losses. They're not gonna go over their win total, which is nine and a half, which I thought was preposterous anyway. Right. I mean, my team sucks, but I knew the Jets weren't going over nine and a half. They can't make the playoffs. So a couple numbers for you. Winning percentages, jet starters. Zach Wilson, 360 4, Sam Donald, 3 42. Aaron Rogers, 2 73. Ooh, sit down. You phony. You led New York to believe you could lead them to the playoffs and you're the, the fraud of all frauds. You brought all your friends in. Yeah. Who couldn't catch a pass. You got the coach fired somehow the best defense in football isn't excited to play for you now they're middle of the pack or worse.

(42m 18s):
There's gotta be some accountability. There's gotta be, and you know, well of course there's a personal stuff where he alluded to the idea that my cousin was on the Epstein Island flight log and the list comes out and he of course wasn't. But the guy Rogers, like we voted for was so classic, classic douche bag. And now we're gonna see a phantom injury in the next couple weeks. So how's that for a conspiracy theory? You like that? Wow. What a ran Sorry, sorry. Take it. Take it. Smart guy. He is so damn smart. So well read. He's gotta tell us all about it all the time. What's he gonna do now? I'd be surprised if he played next year.

(42m 58s):
Right? Next year. He's, he's gonna find something to sit out next week, I think. Oh, you think it'll be the Yeah. The calf strain. Yeah. Yeah, yeah. They're worried it could be come a torn achilles if he steps on it wrong again. Right. I don't even know how their backup is. They could blame, they could blame the bad field there at MetLife. Whatever. Whatever's next. Well, didn't they give up a third round pick for, for Adams? No, that might be was was it third? Was it three? Yeah, I think it was. That might be one of the like top six picks of the third round. Yeah. Yeah. Yeah. Good, good. I love it. I like, I love all that. I, as I've said many times, I have a kinship with the Jets fans because the Pats and the Jets were the two sad sack of the entire a FC like for the most of 30 years of my life.

(43m 43s):
And, and I think we we're wired the same way. DNA in a lot of ways. Yeah. Then the Pats fans' life changed. The Jets fans did not, but this was like, yeah. Honestly this two years of Rogers, it was almost cruel starting with like him blown out his achilles immediately and then all the other stuff and Yeah. I just can't think of, it's one of the worst free agent ac or I guess it was a trade. It's one of the worst better acquisitions in the history of the NFL. Right. And they fell for it again. Right. Like and they're they're trading assets for Yeah. To help 'em and they're firing people and everything. He had everything laid out for him. And Shane Ste tried to blow that game today.

(44m 24s):
Like how many times? Oh, can we talk about that? Let's do, I asked Lombardi Lombardi's the master of the nicknames. Yeah. He came up with the clapper. He came up with disc jockey Mike McCarthy. I was like, right. I was like, can you, what's the Shane Steichen nickname? And and he's texted us back. He is like, he, he put, he coaches like he's playing somebody online in Thailand. So we were calling him Thailand Shane like, oh, stupid. The guy, the guy I playing on Twitch, the stream went out in Thailand. So anyway, Thailand. Shane, I think the key thing for him is that, that there seems to be, I was thinking like he's in a dark room just shouting at plays and doesn't know the score, the downs or the situation.

(45m 8s):
He, he's just like E ride 45. Yeah. Has no idea what's going on. The best of all of 'em was the two point conversion with Richardson. They go up by one. They need the two point touch pass. Yeah. Yeah. It's like, I wonder if Richardson can on wait for a guy to cross the middle and then loft a beautiful touch pass. I'm like, I'm positive Richardson can't do this. There's no way. It never happened in practice. No way. There's no way this will ever, but at the same time, Richardson, which is what makes him so interesting, he can't throw a four yard screen pass. He has no touch on a pass like that. And yet he'll rifle a 25 yarder perfectly. Or he'll nail somebody down the sidelines or he will run around and he looks like, you know, giant Cam Newton and you're like, this guy is clearly something.

(45m 53s):
He's not a bust. Yeah, but how about you recognize that Shane steak, right? Like you, you, you're with them all week. You don't just inherit him at 1:00 PM Eastern on a Sunday. Right. You, you see the, you know, the limitations and everything else and it's like fit him in where it's you like, I don't know, I don't love golf, but you wouldn't use a sand wedge to hit a ball that was 10 feet from the hole. Right? Like just Yeah. Figure out where he works best. And they eventually did. It took a minute, but they won. Yeah. So good win. Ultimately Lombardi's podcast is the GM shuffle and I'm sure he is gonna talk about this tomorrow, but one, one thing he said that I'm gonna steal, but I'm giving him credit, he calls the game exactly the same whether it's Flaco or Tiken.

(46m 35s):
That's what Lombardi, I'm Flaco or Richardson. That's what Lombardi said. And I was like, that's such a great point. Yeah. But you have Richardson, you have this massive guy that you would think you could run QB draws with. You could roll him out like almost like a, like a giant fullback. Like he's Bronco gersky and yet they're running these goofy plays. I don't, I don't get it. I I support the benching from a couple weeks ago. 'cause I really thought Richardson looked terrible, but obviously they worked his confidence back. Can I what, what's their record now? Because they're, they're yes. To make the playoffs, but they're five and six. They're only plus 1 48 to make the playoffs. Are they? They don't really scare me.

(47m 15s):
They're five and six. Basically the case for them would be, well they must have an easy schedule, but I don't even know what that would look like. Is there, well there's two pieces. One is they're game beyond Denver. Do you trust Denver? The other is, there are only two games in the Lost Combine in Houston who keeps losing guys and just seems like they can never get all their guys healthy at the same time and haven't been that impressive to begin with. Right. You know, Houston's six and four, they've scored 224 points. They've given up 2 26. Yeah. So maybe the odds factor into that, but maybe frustrating game. They, they, yeah. I guess they have a couple easy ones. They have and they play at Denver.

(47m 55s):
That's another one. Denver's gonna have a interesting way of controlling their own destiny. Here they have the Colts and they have Cincinnati. Let's take one more break for the podcast.

(48m 9s):
This episode is brought to you by Old. El. Paso. Does game day hosting feel like an extreme sport? Not anymore. With Old El Paso Feeding your Hungry Crowd is oh so easy. Old El Paso's crunchy stand and stuffed shells. Bold seasonings and squeezable sauces are fumble free, flavor packed and perfect for cheering on your team. Football season is taco season with Old El Paso. Level up your next tailgate or watch party. Shop Game Day Essentials at Old El Paso dot com.

(48m 38s):
This episode is brought to you by PNC Bank. Unlike this podcast, some things in life should be boring like banking 'cause boring is pragmatic and responsible. Levelheaded wise, all the things you want your bank to be, you don't want your bank to be exciting. Exciting is for three point buzzer beaters, not banks. That's why PNC Bank strive to be boring with your money. Because when your money is doing what you need it to, you can do all the un boring things you wanna do with it. PNC Bank, brilliantly boring since 1865. Brilliantly boring since 1865 is the service mark of the PNC Financial Services Group, Inc. PNC, Bank National Association member FDIC.

(49m 19s):
Couple more quick games. Bears Packers. So Caleb was good today. Yeah. And they changed a lot about him. He was getting the ball, getting rid of the ball a lot faster. I thought he was way more involved just as like a quarterback and a leader. And he just seemed like he had more energy. I thought they outplayed the Packers. I would be alarmed if I was a Packers fan. 'cause you should have lost And you didn't lose because the Bears drove down inside what the 30 Uber flu just decides to. I'm gonna, I I I we're wanna be careful here. I'm gonna try to play for the outdoor 46 yard field goal. The Bears fans all hate uber flu.

(50m 0s):
And this is why, 'cause he does shit like this. He's just not a terrible game management coach. But I thought they should have won. And I'll go further. Sal Chicago's they lost that Tennessee game in week one that I think you bet on. Yes, they did. Yeah, right. Oh no, they won that game. No, they won. They won. Yeah, they won. I won against Caleb Williams in his first game. Yeah. So they lost that Hail Mary game. They lost someone today so they, they could at least be six and five. Sure. So maybe, maybe it evens out with that. They shouldn't have won the Tennessee game. I don't know. But whatever it is, their record should be at least one room better that Yes. And and I really think, I mean that Hail Mary really spooked the hell out of, I don't know if it, what do we call? Yeah, like the, the haunted Hail Mary, the curse of Caleb, the Windy City whisperer.

(50m 44s):
Like really? I don't know The ghost of Shane Waldron like that was that really? They can't, and now nobody blocks on field goals. Field goal attempts. Like hey I've say the Hail Mary. The hail Mary was almost like, like they, the whole team had a car accident. Yeah. It was like a traumatic event. It's like, hey, get over it guys. It's three weeks ago. But, but there's also the part of it where, what did they lost 11 in a row to Green Bay. Like eventually they had to be like, all right, we gotta get, by the way they shoved this rivalry down our throats. The league does the greatest in football. Even though you and I can't remember a good competitive game like that we cared about between these two in the last quarter century. But, well, but I think the reason it's special is just 'cause the teams have been around since like the 19 pounds or that's fine.

(51m 28s):
But, or whatever the fuck that's, but but so I'm not saying I agree. And we can't reem, we can't remember any good game from that. Like, you know, so we had a great Matt LeFlore moment in this game too. This was not, I wouldn't have called this a chess match today. Dave first down a goal from the eight. They're trying to score to take the lead late in the game. Somehow ends up being fourth and sixth. There's still like, I don't know, 10, 11 minutes left. Kick the field goal, cut it to two, try to get a stop. Nope. He goes for it on fourth and sixth doesn't get it. Yeah. And traps the Bears of the one yard line. But unless there's like two minutes left in the game, it's just idiotic. There's no other way to say it.

(52m 9s):
That's just idiotic. It's so hard to get a fourth and two. Much less a fourth and six. So many. You're basically hoping for like a pass interference or a defensive breakdown or Yeah, some sort of like gimmick play that the play broke down and your quarterback rolled out created something I that so it's, I just didn't think Green Bay deserved to win that game for the most part. You gotta take points in these rivalry games, right? Yeah. In the division games, again the rivalry, whatever. But in the division games, we sub the Steelers do it against Baltimore and you know, you don't have to be super careful but would've helped the 49 ERs. A lot of these teams. I thought the Packers had a chance to be better than maybe they're gonna be.

(52m 50s):
Yeah. Kind of giving up on them a little bit as, but we have seen around Thanksgiving, somebody comes outta nowhere in a sense heading in the playoffs. Can't rule 'em out 'cause of their talent. But I think it's been, it's a disappointing, I thought they had a chance to be the second best team in the NFC and I from what I'm watching. I don't see it. Well it's too right? It's like oh they should be better. But also like, you know, if you live predicted their fate after like love went down and getting in in Brazil. True. They're how they can't be seven and three and, and here they're, I texted Kyle Brat in the first half 'cause Caleb really did look good. I was like, Caleb exclamation point. Yeah. And he is like, don't worry we're gonna lose late.

(53m 33s):
He's a Bears fan. He's, there's no question we're losing late. And that's amazing. Speaking of coaching, scared Gerade Mayo, the Patsy yet again lost the game that they probably could have won the play calling. Was you upset by this? I thought we were doing better. No. 'cause Drake May is really special. And I feel like if you had just switched quarterbacks, we would've had the same result. Maybe he would've done better. But there's a thing on ESPN about all the coaching mistakes. Like not going for the fourth and goal doing a PAT instead of a two point when it was 28 19, et cetera, et cetera.

(54m 15s):
And then this is what the article says. Such decisions are always easy to second guess, but none worked out for the Patriots. Mayo has said he's taking notes throughout his first season and plans to learn from his experience. This game presented multiple decisions from which he can learn. Wow. It's week 11. Yeah. This sounds like something you, if, if you get an F on your report card and you come home and tell your parents like, yeah, I'm taking notes though, I'm gonna, I'm gonna kill you next semester. Yeah. I think my son said this last year when he was struggling in the 10th grade, like, Hey, I know my grades are bad but I'm learning some good stuff. May over go for Simmons. Yeah. I think that's what happened. It's so far. Like Kyle and I were going nuts 'cause they just don't, I I just, here's my advice for the Patriots.

(55m 1s):
If anyone from the Patriots is listening, no I'm sure they aren't. Go and watch like the 50 most successful Josh Allen plays and the 50 most successful John Elway plays. Just study what those plays were interesting. And then run of them. Run some of them for Jake May because every time he rolls out to his right, he can throw it across his body of the middle of the field. He can zing it down the sideline. He can throw it deep. He can take off and run. Yeah. Any QB draw with him, he is dangerous. The teams are so terrified he is gonna take off. They hand off on every first down. It's like that we have to start out. So it's second and nine or second 11. Like that's a must. I just, the receivers at one point he was 10 for 13 with three drops.

(55m 44s):
All of his receivers suck. They spent a second round pick on a guy who all he does is get a false start whenever he is on the field. Meanwhile, McConkey went nuts again today. But it's just like they have this incredible asset. It's like watching a team that has a diamond and they're like fucking playing Thanksgiving. Catch with it outside. Yeah. Wow. This is more biting than my Aaron Rogers eulogy. I think that's frustrating. No, but I think, I think Drake May is really good. It really is. This is gonna make you feel better. But at some point talent matters and not his, but the, the supporting cast and that's why the Rams were so good poking KU almost broke both of his elbows making that crazy catch that first touchdown. And they also, I don't really care.

(56m 24s):
'cause that was my best bet. The Rams minus four and a half and I'm And you somehow fucking covered your son Fish. Yeah, baby. Somehow we have two touchdowns, nine and two on the year. Best handicapper on tv, radio, podcast, YouTube, McVay said he looks like a stud, blah blah, blah. You can just see the impact that he has on his teammates. The way people talk about him here. He looks like he's gonna be a special player for a long time and he gave us fits today. Thanks Sean. Mcbe, you're in a good spot. Why do you wanna go? We're a great spot. You wanna go seven and 10? You wanna go wait nine. That's the perfect, my dad said that today's a perfect outcome. Yeah, he Drake did enough good stuff to make you feel great, right.

(57m 6s):
The team did enough terrible stuff to end up losing the game and Perfect. There you go. Broncos Falcons, Bo Nicks since the beginning of October, only two picks. 13 passing touchdowns over 1600 yards passing. And he was awesome in that game. Today what it didn't, it seem like some of these teams, they wear these uniforms and it's like, oh man, they look so fast. Like Denver was getting, he was hitting these guys in stride. There was no doubt that they were open. Yeah. Like, is Atlanta that bad? Like we know we, we know that's, they might be bad. That's a junk junk division, but my God, they, that was my favorite pick of the week. That was good. I just think the Falcons, whatever their record is, it could easily have been three wins worse.

(57m 50s):
And I think the Broncos are, I've said this for weeks, I think they're the good bad team. Yeah. I think if you put another like mediocre or worse team in front of them, they're probably gonna win. That's a really nice bounce back for them after what happened last week. But here's, here's my takeaway. After watching that game, can you guess what Atlanta's odds are to win the NFC South? I think I might've seen them by odds. Is it, is it minus 400 or something like that? They're minus five 50 to win the NFC South. Wow. Yeah. Look at Tampa's schedule. Tampa's five to one and their schedule's super easy down the stretch, right?

(58m 32s):
Yeah, yeah, I saw that. And and by the way, new Orleans somehow has four wins too with the Clogger. Oh, Clogger is two and Oh, he's the best. It's unclog in Cleveland all over the place. So Tampa's Tampa's at the Giants at Carolina. Next in Vegas. Next three. Look, look at those three. Wow. So that could be, they could have seven wins in three weeks. Hold on. Keep going. At Chargers at Dallas Home, Carolina home Saints. They could us six at one. Yeah. We're betting this all Let's do it. We're damnit Damn. Damn. We're Bett Tampa. Five to one. I I said I wouldn't we putting money in this decision. I said I wouldn't do it, but I guess 12 weeks is long enough a hold out there. This is like Seinfeld, the contest like how long can you last without betting the NFC South.

(59m 17s):
I'm in 12 weeks came in and it was super exciting because cousins looked like he was 130 years old. I thought that was the dumbest line of the week. So two weeks in a row as we've done guest the lines and there was a line and I was like, that's absolutely odd. So I wonder if that happens again this week. I'm gonna bid even more money. I think you're right because two weeks ago they had gotten blown out by the Ravens. It could have been easy for them to pack it in and then they lose on that dumb field goal to the chiefs and then they, they just light it up today. But yeah, they went over their, their win total five and a half already two weeks ago. Cardinals Jets was the dumbest line. So we'll see if we have a dumb line this week. Saints Browns. I, so Jamis is 21 and 33 in his last 54 starts.

(59m 57s):
Did you think that would be better or worse? I might have been wrong about him. I thought he would turn 21 franchise around. Yeah. He might not be a winning qb. Yeah, I, I got really excited about this is a revenge game and the Saints should have started him nine weeks last year over Derek Carr. But no, that didn't really matter. You can't screw with the Clogger. Clogger Clogger is 55, 31. Outscored his opponent. He's the only undefeated coach in the league this year. Clogger Hass got great energy on the bench too. Yeah. Definitely better than Lamar to call him. Thailand. Shane, Thailand, Shane. Yeah. He's beating a 14-year-old and mad at tonight.

(1h 0m 38s):
The Clogger iss mad. He wants to be called a plunger, but no, we're, we're sticking with the Clogger. Sorry. This Taste Hill fantasy conundrum thing is weird. Well it's a conundrum. What, how many times are you picked up? He's eligible for tight end and Right. Suiting up as quarterback. We've never really figured this out. Runs the ball. Yeah. Random stuff really quick. Why don't teams QB sneak anymore? What happened? The Chargers Herbert six six. Then they won't QB sneak with him on on first and goal from the one. He's six. Six Brady what did he not convert two QB sneaks out of 1500 in his career. Yeah, you're six six.

(1h 1m 19s):
It should be automatic. You should be able to get a yard. I'm with you. What, what happened? Is it because Mahomes got hurt that time? Everyone's afraid now. That was it. So we know. Well we know why he does it and or doesn't do it. Right. We know why Hurts does it because it's an automatic, he's gonna get launch six yards. But yeah, you would think it would be a Harbaugh thing. Like hey, we're gonna get our offensive line to be disciplined enough to get this giant forward half an inch. Tennessee, Minnesota. I watched zero plays of, yeah, I was thinking what's the opposite of a multi-view game? Interesting.

(1h 1m 59s):
It's like a, like a multi-view. Blackout. I I didn't know what it is. A radio game. Yeah. I had it on a small screen like, like like a post-it like a big post-it like that size screen. That's basically what I had this on. I'm good with not watching Tennessee again this season. Well even the Vikings are boring. Like, I don't know. We see Detroit kill these garbage teal. A A FC south teams like, you know, Jacksonville and, and Tennessee Vikings don't feel like they're eight and two Miami Dolphins four and six. We talked about this scenario two weeks ago and now it's now it's, or one week ago because we did it before the Rams game on Monday night. Right. And they won two games in six days.

(1h 2m 41s):
They play the Patriots this week and they could be five and six. They're at Green band at Thursday. Home Jets at Houston Home San Francisco. A game that suddenly seems a lot easier than it was on the schedule. And then at Cleveland at the Jets last two weeks could get to nine wins from four and six. The fights for the seven seeds are gonna be good in both conferences. Right. I don't know that they have a chance against the two seeds but it's gonna be good. Well I mean it really could be five I Sorry to jump. Good, good. But also not good. 'cause then we have to watch them when we're all together for round one and then it's a lot less good when we're watching the Dolphins in a playoff game.

(1h 3m 21s):
Right. Yeah. I'm just thinking now the NFC West division where everybody's five and five, I could see all three of those other teams going three and three the rest of the way and it, right, right. And then it's all gonna come down to the next week. Well I hope the Dolphins at least get a little more exciting because I think our friend John Reky who hosts The Ringer Sunday pregame show the king of the underdog. He did it today. I think your number one, I've known you a long time. I moved to, I did an Instagram thing. I be, I'm 22 years in LA now, so we've known each other 22 years. Your number one thing you hate over really anything else, including cancer and pestilence, like name All the worst things in the world is when people claim an underdog pick and either they're not an underdog, which the Fox guys used to do.

(1h 4m 11s):
They're like, I like the Browns. Meanwhile the Browns would be minus one and a half and Bradshaw's taking them as an underdog. Or somebody who takes an underdog. That's like a plus 1 0 5 or a plus 1 0 8, which is what JJ did today on the show. Beals plus 1 0 8, the Fox, the Fox guys are 80 years old. So you're teaching them how to, you know, you, you're, you're teaching. Yeah. They don't even understand gambling text. And they they don't, they're they're the brains are spinning out their heads. JJ does 17 podcasts a week on gambling. Yeah. Right. And he is very proud of his Bengals plus 1 0 8 by the way. Good. I'm glad he lost. Now I'm thinking I didn't care about that game. Now I'm, I'm glad. Yeah. Like houses is doing, house is Steelers plus 1 58. Like Yeah. People are doing real underdog pitch.

(1h 4m 51s):
I have the Raiders. Here's mine. Raiders. Yeah. Yeah. You're the Raiders. Yeah, exactly. You want to take Jake Paul too jj? I'm sorry. I don't know. He is. Is that an underdog? I'm like, come on. So yeah. And then he gets defensive about it. He got upset. Yeah. Jesus. JJ Plus 1 0 8. Here's, here's my courageous underdog pick. I was sending him cowardly Lion pictures. He didn't, he wasn't responding towards the end bro. That plus symbol, that plus symbol is all you need to see, bro. It's, if it's a plus symbol, it counts as an underdog bro. Good. Good for you. It's a pickle just hell hath no fury. If I get Juan Soto on the Red Sox, the amount of text I'm gonna be sending jj Oh that'll bring me right back with the Red Sox.

(1h 5m 35s):
The sabbatical will be over. They won't get over. There you go. Yeah. So playoff picture, Casey Detroit is the one Seeds. Buffalo Denver is one matchup two seven Pittsburgh Chargers. Oh no, I'm sorry Pittsburgh. Baltimore would be the three six. And then Houston Chargers would be the four or five if it ended today. Right. So that's probably the Shay's game. Houston Chargers. Houston Chargers. Yeah. A FFC South is locked in the, the other one we would have, let's see. I'm too confused by the NFC.

(1h 6m 18s):
I get it. I guess the stick it, the most important one is right now it would be Arizona hosting Minnesota in round one. Another possible shaky game. Then all the other one. So that's the four five. That would be the four five. It would be the four five because it looks like Minnesota's got the inside track on the, on the five seat. Unless Green Bay or Washington. Well, but Atlanta's a worst division winner right At six and five. Wouldn't they be the four? Yeah, you're right. 'cause those teams are gonna go backwards. Oh yeah. So it could be if Atlanta, that could be Atlanta. Atlanta, Minnesota. That's a tough Wanna the N ffc? I knew it's gonna up. That's a tough one to bet though. I don't like that. Hmm. One more break for the podcast and then we'll do Guest Alliance.

(1h 7m 4s):
This episode is brought to you by Origin. Y'all know how much I love my guy Murph, my dog. He has his own Instagram account. I take him on hiking trips and that's why Origin is great. They don't just make pet food. Their food is made with whole prey ingredients that nourish your companions and give them the energy they need for all your adventures together. And I have a lot of adventures with Murph, with nutrient dense animal ingredients like fresh meat, poultry, and fish. There's less need for a synthetic supplements. Feed your dog good food. Visit Origin. It's spelled O-R-I-J-E-N Pet foods.com to learn more.

(1h 7m 43s):
This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud and as rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. You need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn Jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals. With the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job. For free terms and conditions apply.

(1h 8m 40s):
Today's Guest Alliance is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR on one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves To future proof your organization. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit workday.com to learn more.

(1h 9m 7s):
All right, guest Alliance. Sal, what's the, what's our record for the year? All right, so what do we got? I won last week. So it's congrats. You're up 6, 4, 1 through 11 weeks. So you're like a plus 1 0 7 underdog. Could JJ bet you JJs all over it. And then Raheem, who's also on the show, who's been doing well lately and just can't, can't resist telling everybody about how well he's doing. He's, he's in the dugout being like, Hey, we're throwing the no hitter for five innings no hits by the other team. I love it. We just brag about other, we a bunch, bunch of characters. Then Joe, House, Joe, House. You know that pre-game show was an hour and a half and he holds the microphone for an hour.

(1h 9m 52s):
He's, this is a, it's a heavy ass. It's not, you know, this is not you. You're not hosting like holding like a calendar here. It's a pretty hefty microphone. He has to get right in there. Raheem is a confidence player. Yeah. How did Million Dollar Picks with me after the Washington game on Thursday night? Yeah. And he is like, I might have a few drinks. I'm like, great people love Drunk House. He was actually pretty subdued. And as we're doing it, I'm like, this actually might be drunk house. 'cause he is not loud and and like fun drunk house. He actually sleeps like he's had a few. So then today he is like, yeah the Browns. I was probably a little drunk on Thursday night. I probably should have suggested that one because he gave me, he gave me the Browns. You one him. But you're, you're betting a million dollars on these picks.

(1h 10m 33s):
They really should come from you. I know why you're so trusting. I know Thursday night Steelers, speaking of the Browns Steelers in Cleveland, it's really rough for the Browns. Maybe we should have seen it coming when they traded one of their past rushers right before the trade deadline and then they traded Mark Cooper their best receiver and that that should have been a red flag. Steelers at Cleveland on a Thursday night. And to me this has to be Steelers by three and a half. Really? You're still gonna get it. I said six and a half. It's four. It's four and a half. Hmm. Why is that even that low?

(1h 11m 15s):
Eight and two against two and eight. I just think the Thursday night you got a docket for the road Game Road team coming off an emotional, physical, I mean that Baltimore Pittsburgh game. We didn't talk about how physical I guess so, yeah. How much shit talking there was in that game. That game was awesome. Right. These games were awesome today. Pittsburgh, Baltimore. I know the, the, the Buffalo game was great. This Chargers game was great and this Skate Browns game would not be great. Yeah. Yeah. Sunday Marquee game. I think it's Packers Diners, right? Yeah, I think so. Green Bay some interesting ones, but that's it. Yep. I had a lot of trouble with this one because the Niners seem like they're getting a lot of respect based on past performance potential of what the performance is.

(1h 12m 4s):
And I really think this line should be at at least Packers by one and a half. So I'm gonna do that Packers by one and a half. Well you said at least you wanna go a little higher. You can go a little higher if you want. Motherfucker. I said two, it's one and a half. Hmm. You think that flips is that Niners minus one and a half George kiddo's back. Oh yeah. Oh they love flipping the one and a half. Both is healthy. They love the one and a half is so dangerous. The flip. Right. And now we're gonna add six and make a nice teaser and it's not gonna make any sense. Did you see there was a thing going around today about, and I don't know if it accounts for today's games or not.

(1h 12m 44s):
Somebody sent this to me. Active NFL Coach Records in one Score games. I didn't see this. And the worst coaches Ebra Flu at five and 17 in one square games. Wow. Zach ca Zach Taylor's 21 for 32, 21 and 32. Hmm. Peterson's 32 and 43 And And Kyle Shanahan's 29 and 33 in one Square games kind of feels that way, right? Yeah. Shanahan feels that way 'cause we, I think we examined this stat a couple like a year ago with Shanahan. You're telling me Zach Taylors won 21 1 score games. Yeah. Where? No way. Where were they? No, no college. What is it? How'd that happen in college? No. Tomlins 1 0 7 and 68 and one score games.

(1h 13m 26s):
He's the man adds up. Yep. Lale is 33 and 21. And then your guy McCarthy. What's McCarthy? 60 73 and 65. Oh that's right. But he had Rogers before Rogers was watched. That's not fair. That's not fair. But yeah, the Uber flu thing jumped out to me. And then Shanahan 29 and 33 with all the talent they've had thought that was, thought that was notable. Yeah. You think when you go for an extension they, they show you that tweet or whatever you saw. It's not good. You know what else is a good Sal? I only have two watchable games. Yeah. After the marquee game. And one of them is the Lions.

(1h 14m 7s):
Just because I think Lions Colts will be fun. 'cause I really enjoy watching Richardson. You just don't know what's gonna happen with Richardson. Right. Every pass is exciting. He might sail it over somebody's head. He might bounce it. It might be like one of the best 20 yard impasse you've seen. Just dunno. I have the lions favored by six and a half in Indianapolis. All right. Finally I get this. I had seven and it's seven and a half. Mm. They're just crushing teams though. They have to, they have to put it north. North of seven. This can't go lower. Feels like a tease, right? Yeah. They're not ready to lose yet. Detroit.

(1h 14m 48s):
They'll, they'll be a time. It's not yet. Campbell's. Campbell's definitely got the Drago's trainer face going during these games. Yeah. He just wants to like pour it on. Yeah. No. Seahawks Cardinals in Seattle and it, I was gonna go one and a half and I'm gonna say Seahawks minus two after today. You get it. It's one and a half. I said four. Why are Cardinal Cardinal's about a really good mon? I know they're getting a little too much credit here. Little too much. Two fairly watchable Vikings at Chicago is the first one.

(1h 15m 31s):
Something is not watchable about the Vikings and I can't put my finger on it. Mm. But I'm never like, oh cool. The Vikings are on offense and they have guys I like watching. I just, something's missing. Yeah. We don't like when you have a big play guy, a top three fantasy guy, Justin Jefferson and who never suits to get the ball and you're struggling to score. Like I think they average 30 over their first four games in the last two or three. They've averaged like 15 or something. So I'm gonna say Vikings by three in Chicago. You're gonna get this. I said four and a half. It's three and a half. Hmm. I think that ends at three.

(1h 16m 12s):
Did they play yet? No, they play week 15. I think that goes down. Yeah. I think that gets to Three Dolphins Home for the Pats is the other one. And I swear the Pats aren't bad. You swear you wouldn't lie to me. I swear they're not bad. And you can't tell me you weren't fucking sweating out that Rams game. No, I was. I was. Yeah. I'm glad they kicked. Pats lose to Seattle. 23 to 20 in a game that they coached Scared. And they had Brit instead of May they lose week five to Miami when they should have started May. I think they would've won that. They lost that one. 15 to 10.

(1h 16m 52s):
They lost that stupid Tennessee game in week nine by three. And they lost this Rams game today. It's a three and eight team that could like, they really could be six and seven couple plays. They're not bad. Whatever you say. I, I don't know how the three and eight get gets to six and seven. Like they really could have played two more games. I know. 11 weeks. I didn't. I wasn't, wasn't asked to do math. Well the the question is do do they have any, how many blowouts do they have? Like I look at the Cowboys, I'm like, oh, we have at least three or four. You have none. You have no blow like receiving end of a blowout. I'm saying. Oh yeah, we got blow down a couple times. Yeah. Houston. Houston got us. No, but Coming up like are you gonna have two or three or you know, you have what, seven games, right?

(1h 17m 38s):
Miami, indie Arizona. Buffalo Chargers. Buffalo again Six games left. Yeah. Yeah. Well I have that Pat's over under four and a half and they have three wins. Oh, you're fighting that out end of December For sure. But think about it, at Miami Home Indie at Arizona, at Buffalo Chargers. Buffalo. Like probably only one win left with this coaching stuff. You gotta hit this exact, I got this exactly. You did. I'm gonna say Miami by six and a half. Oh, you should have said seven. Very close though. I would advise people not to tease that. Hmm. I I just don't That seems like a classic Miami looking ahead game.

(1h 18m 22s):
Who does Miami play the week after this? They play. Well that's Thanksgiving week, right? Yeah. They're at Green Bay on Thursday that next week. So this is a classic. Hey it's the Pats. Let's just, we'll get by this. We got Green Bay on Thursday and then all of a sudden we're up 10. Nothing. You played tough with 'em last time, right? Wasn't it like 1510? Is that what you're saying? Yeah. I think we can play with that team Now the reason these games are so shitty is 'cause six teams are off. Right? Yeah. We forgot to mention that. Buffalo, Cincinnati some huge fantasy implications. Yeah. There's some like teams with fantasy guys. So the poop FACTA is, is loaded. We might need the Clogger to unclog it. Really? Sub doozies. There's five bucks Giants at, at in Jersey.

(1h 19m 8s):
Bucks minus four. Yeah, you get it. I said five. It's three and a half. Stupid. That's dumb. Except that we we're gonna bet Tampa to win the division. So they're definitely gonna lose the Giants. Yeah. So we kind of need to do that. 'cause I need, I need to be interested in week 12. Yeah. So maybe that's the first way to do it. Let's do it at the Bucks. Washington is home for the Cowboys. Watch out. God only knows how bad you're gonna look tomorrow. Watch out. I have Washington by eight. Oh man, you're edging me out here. I had seven and a half. It's nine.

(1h 19m 49s):
And a half's. Washington doesn't look good in a month. Well, Cowboys haven't looked good six years in a month. So fair. It should be interesting. Oh, you don't think the schedule can get worse? Can I offer you Chief's Panthers in Carolina? Yeah, you could. You could offer me a three team teaser. Well that's why I'm jacking this up because they're gonna have, this will be in the tease range. I'm gonna say chiefs by 11 and a half in Carolina. I can't get one of these. I had 12. It's 10 and a half. Hmm. They can't lose that. Put that on any teaser.

(1h 20m 30s):
Teaser from now. Whenever, however long you think you're gonna be betting 15, 20 more years. 40. Just try to try to get 'em on whatever FanDuel will allow. I had another 14 or 13 pointer by the way. Oh, I saw that. Wait. Chargers plus 11 Chiefs Lions and then the Eagles on Thursday night. Oh you must have won. Oh, you sent me something else with, I sent with the two. I think that was it. The U ffc? No. Oh, I bay UFC too. Okay. Yeah. Hitting everything Bo Nickel Good with John Jones, who could not have been more amazing in that fight. Too many watches. And then the lions and the Packers was basically even odds.

(1h 21m 13s):
John Jones figured out how to do a liver punch as a spinning back kick. Right? Yeah. Like I, I've never seen a UFC move that looked like it hurt more than that move. Yeah. If they did that to us, what would happen to us? I would still, I would, no, I would still be, I'd I'd say I'd still be in the ring, but I think they would carry me to my grave, so I don't think I would still be in the ring. Yeah. No. His foot fight did that break five ribs? Right. It looked like it really, like he was going to have trouble getting his foot out of that, that sternum. Right. I thought he was so good. Steppe was terrible. Steppe looked like he was kind of washed. Yeah. But John Jones was like, he played all the hits. Like he did the grounding pound in the first, first round.

(1h 21m 53s):
He's just like, he has this ways of just like, it's like 20 elbows and 19 of them land. He was so good. Right. Someone gave state bay a round, which was insane. Jesus. It's one of the judges there. Two more terrible games. Texans. Titans. This is in Houston. And I really, I, I thought about getting this to nine because I don't, I know they're gonna think everyone's gonna tease it, but the Texans just haven't been good enough. So I'm gonna say Texans eight and a half. I hate when you're, you're explaining it and I know I'm, you have me dead to writes, but I have to still have to listen to the whole thing. It it is. And keep a poker face. Yeah, it is. It's, I had nine and it is eight and a half.

(1h 22m 33s):
This is disgraceful. That's a slightly dangerous game for Houston. 'cause Tennessee's defense isn't bad. Short week for Houston. Yeah. Short week for Houston Battle. That's gonna be a battle against the Cowboys. Very physical. You know, this one might not be a poop Factora game with the way Bo Nix is playing, but Broncos in Vegas playing the Raiders and Bobby Blay, Antonio Pierce. Yeah. I was saying to you and Lombardi that Yeah, Bobby Blay was Uncle Junior's driver for two years and then like somehow a couple people died and he became a captain. Right. and it was like, how is this guy captain? He was like getting, getting the, getting Uncle June. Uncle June of Baba Goul. Yeah. gba, what do they call that?

(1h 23m 13s):
gaba, go, what's that? Gba do what they call baba goul. That was horrible. Was Karen's, Karen's last lasagna Jr. I've never heard of GABA before. You're not, you're not saying it right. It's okay. Gba gba. It's like your daughter's first words now don't even what it's was not, not in, not in the Connecticut, Massachusetts area, but yeah, it's like, like Antonio Pierce, they just cut to him on the sidelines and he just says this look like, I wonder if I'm gonna be able to do TV next year. I wonder if there's gonna be a college job.

(1h 23m 54s):
Broncos. I'm gonna say minus four in Vegas. All right, you got it either way. But this, I said three. It was three and a half. It went to four and a half. What kind of injury could there be on Vegas for them to move this align? I know their running backs both got hurt, but it was like Amir Abdul or whatever. But why did this move within an hour? Well, did you see any of the Vegas game? Oh, I know they're terrible. Yeah, but what Minsu had a play where in the fourth quarter he rolled out and he threw a pass and I think it was Jalen Ramsey. He fell down. So he was on the ground and the guy was open and Minsu somehow threw it to Jalen Ramsey who caught it when he was lying on the ground for an interception.

(1h 24m 38s):
I didn't never seen that before. That's good. Yeah. Tough times for Minsu. Jesus. I love, IIII just want so badly to bet that team, but they gotta be a stay away for the rest of the year. Sunday night Eagles Rams in la Not a bad game. Yeah. I have a crowd prediction for this. There's a lot of Philly fans that live here. Oh yeah. You put a lot of Philly fans together and if the game becomes frustrating or disappointing in the first or second quarter, the vibe slash energy in that arena or stadium completely changes and gets super weird. And I feel like that's gonna happen in this game.

(1h 25m 20s):
You put 50,000 Eagle fans who are furious. 'cause Sirianni went for it on fourth and three and Jalen Hurtz got sacked and just the, you can hear the grumbling all around the stadium. I'll never forget the Super Bowl Eagles pats like, it was the weirdest energy I've ever felt in a, in a game. It was just ev the Eagles fans were so mad. They was like in the second quarter. They're furious. But those are Eagles Eagles fans. These are gonna be La Eagles fans. Right. You think they're gonna be more mellow 'cause of the 'cause we have good weather? No, probably not. Yeah, I don't think so either. That'll be bad. But this means more to the Rams for sure. I do not have the Rams favorite Sau. I have Eagles minus one and a half. Yeah. I said two and it's three Eagles are a full, full field goal.

(1h 26m 2s):
Wow. They're rarely seen three. I think they're counting on what you're talking about. A lot of, a lot of Eagles fans showing up there. Well, there's a lot of Bengals fans. We getting a lot of Eagles fans. Am I, did I clinch yet? Or is this still up in the air? Well, you wanna quit? No. Yeah, it's like nine to three. Pull my starters. Yeah. Pull 'em all nine to three. You're up. Last game Monday night we get to watch the the Chargers again. Oh. Oh. Mike Raven's at Chargers. Raven's in la. I wonder if M Rubin will be in the house. I bet she'll, yeah. She doesn't leave her own house, but she might be in this house. I'm gonna say Baltimore by one and a half.

(1h 26m 45s):
Are they checking on an injury? Because it's not on fan. I pulled it up before and now it's not on. Mm. You you looked there but what'd you say? We both said one and a half anyway. It's it's three. It's the last I saw, but is Herbert. Yeah. It's, or somebody her might, Herbert might be Maybe he got hurt when they ran that play when he just got that option play when he just got annihilated. Yeah. And Collins where it's like, please don't ever run that play again. Oh, his right arm is to, he could throw left handed if he wants. He, we watch him. Still handsome either way, Mike. Of course. All right. You won 7, 4, 1 after 12.

(1h 27m 25s):
Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment. Be a finance and HR rockstar with Workday. To learn more, visit workday.com.

(1h 27m 34s):
So we watch Tyson Paul together at our cousin Jimmy's. Yeah. One of the most depressing sporting events I can remember. You felt in by the second round. It felt like it was over. I went back 'cause I remember I'd remembered writing a co a column about some fight that felt like the end of Tyson's career. Mm. and it was the Lennox Lewis fight, which was in 2002. Wow. And that was when I wrote a whole long column about, it was so sad to watch. It's over. It was literally 2002. This Drake May was born in 2002. Yeah. So I don't know why we were surprised. Well, I got to see his ass and that's all I really want. I told you before the night, I, I just, I just wanna see his ass.

(1h 28m 16s):
I don't care who wins the fight, but it bums me out because you were smart. You were the only one in the room who didn't have money on Tyson. And yet the way we broke it down on against all, I, I almost called it exact one. Like he's gonna show, he'll have like a flurry in the first couple rounds and then these gloves are too big. And Paul's gonna realize that Tyson can't hurt him. And so he is just gonna jab jab him to death. and it wasn't even that much. And I didn't even count on the knee brace. When your fighter goes in there looking like Bill Walton at like 46 years old. Yeah. The knee brace is just, oh my God. Automatic. I wish I didn't bet on this guy thing. So what, how many years was I off by? I know you wrote that column, but does he beat him at 48?

(1h 28m 57s):
Does he beat him at 30 44? I had, as we're watching the Chargers game today, I put on ESPN on the smaller tv. 'cause I thought SportsCenter was coming on and they were running Mike Tyson's greatest hits Volume two. Ah, depressing. and it was just him destroying the best one is the Donny Long, I think is my favorite. He's fucking half. I think he might have killed Donny Long. Oh yeah. He's just over and over and you just see how fast and crazy good he was back then. And then there's been this revisionist history since like, oh no, he was just, he was bo at the moment. Douglas hit him like anyone could have. There's no, my answer to that is no.

(1h 29m 38s):
Like him really through the Spinx fight was the most unstoppable heavyweight I've ever seen. Ferocious. Nobody's, I just dunno how anybody beats that guy. He's a fucking maniac. He's throwing upper cuts. He's ducking, he's round both hands. He had 17 different punches. Yeah, for sure. He could do too. And in the Jake Paul fight, he really only had like this weird, lazy left hook. He never threw his right. Never threw upper cuts and had no legs. It was awful. Well, in the Jake Paul fight, he had 17 different punches too. But tho those were over eight rounds. So total he had 17 punches. But I feel like betting on it, like I feel I'm an asshole. Like it's dumb going into it.

(1h 30m 19s):
I knew, but it's, it's, we don't wanna admit we're old. Right. Like this bet was basically like getting a facelift. Right. Like it's a risk and I know it's gonna gonna happen here and the surgeon got paid either way. But I can't admit that I'm old and Oh, Mike, you just killed us. He just killed us. It was so sad. Couldn't move forward in the training videos was he has 32nd spurts. Like it's nice. Right. I know. Well, he planted the seed after about he, he got hurt or whatever happened to him in June and he had that blood transfusions. Yeah. And he lost weight. So I, I felt like they're paving the way for one more. Oh, one more what? We need one less, one more fight.

(1h 30m 60s):
Really? I don't know. He made like 20 million for this. I know he got 20 million that, that's when you really feel like it. George, like George Foreman, you we're not gonna all get together If it's like him versus George Foreman. Yeah. For him versus a Evander. Holy Phil. Tyson three. Yep. Jimmy Carter could get sanctioned. I think they could do this. It's all about like the, it's the walkup, it's the anticipation of it. And then the actual fight is like a bonus. Yeah. I had buzzed Adam Corolla in my ear saying he is 58. What do you expect? I think I heard that about 25 times. Yeah. That seemed to be his, his go-to point. He's right.

(1h 31m 41s):
It was brutal. The woman's fight was great though. That should have been the main event. That was tremendous. I of course lost money on that surround. I was, the most exciting moment for me though is baby doll. Jimmy had like this big fire pit with the fire going. Yeah. Baby doll sees it and it's just like, it's, it, it's just like a, like a cheetah seeing it's prey. He just has to sit next to it and have at least two Marlboro reds in a row while flicking it into the fire and then eventually throwing a cigarette in there. Even though it's not a fire. It's like one of those glass things shoot up now. There's cigarette butts in there, which they didn't want. Yeah. That's supposed to put trash in there. It's like, but he makes it like it's a carnival game. Yeah. But he, he, he was, listen, I know what I'm doing, baby.

(1h 32m 23s):
I gotta get through these three packs before I open the other one. What do you got for Parent Corner? All right, I got a good one. So on Tuesday, this past Tuesday, my son Jack has a wrestling match. Right. And it's a dual meet against another school. So he is on jv. And when you're on jv, like if you're on varsity, you pretty much feel the full lineup. And you know, the opposing team is gonna have probably one guy at every weight class. So it'll match up. But if you're on jv, you never know. Like if the other team only has five extras and you have 20, you're not gonna get a match. So I have to go and I have to wait, whatever. So we get there, he comes in, he is like, I don't have a match.

(1h 33m 4s):
And my wife is work working the concession stand. And she's like, oh, well then you should eat. Then I'm like, well, don't we wanna wait? He is like, no, I don't have a match. So she's giving him like Costco pizza and like peanut m and ms and I'm like, all right, well I guess that's it. I'll, well, we'll stay and watch. Anyway, 15 minutes later he comes out, he is like, I have a match. I'm wrestling varsity. The regular varsity kid, he's out with ringworm. I was like, you kidding me? Ringworm the only, the only thing you can get from wrestling there. There's no other way to get ringworm unless you're wrestling. Wrestling for somebody from Yeah. Guess what? He's also his partner. So he probably has it too. Yeah. But anyway, officially you have it. Have it. Yes. We all have it now.

(1h 33m 44s):
So I have to talk to him now. So I'm like, all right. Shit, this is crazy. You're wrestling varsity, you know, so like, if you're losing, you're probably gonna be losing 'cause you're a 10th grader on varsity and you don't have much experience. You gotta save your team points. So if you're losing by five, don't give up. Don't go to your back. 'cause if you lose by 10, it, it costs a team more points than if you lose by six. So anyway, all right. Whatever. So he goes out there and it's a wild first period. It's like 10 to eight. There's a takedown or reversal every 15 seconds. The gym is pumped. It's sloppy. The other school probably not their regular varsity kit too. Like maybe their guy had scurvy. I don't know what it is. But anyway, this is a sloppy match.

(1h 34m 25s):
I have no idea. So it's actually nine to eight right before the end of the first period. Yeah. Jack's on bottom and he throws up the Domino's pizza. He throws up on the mat. On the mat, yes. Because he overdid it. 'cause he didn't know he was gonna have a mat. And then they come out and they clean it and they have to spray it and it's like a five minute, you know, like intermission there. And that's supposed to be it. Like they're, they don't really, they, they probably figure you're sick. Right. And then that you have to like leave the match. Right. Not that you had too much Costco. Pizza doesn't get the boom by the way. And is there video of him puking or No? I could tell. I'll send it to you. Yeah. It's pretty, is it better than when you puked or now he's three or No, nothing. No. The kid's got some ways to go, but Okay.

(1h 35m 7s):
But it was, it was interesting nonetheless. But I'll send it to you. He convinces him to let it keep going. And so he goes and he actually escapes to make it 10 to eight. So now the second period, same thing back and forth. They're exhausted. Jack's about to get thrown, but like leg trips, the kid right onto his back and the kid's exhausted. He pins the kid and the gym goes bananas. And the team eventually wins by six points. So he, he made a difference. So, wow. That was it. That was it. and it was, it was pretty fricking great. I have to say. It's like, you know, I, I could lose like a lot of, like a lot of bets and this would make up for it for sure. I like it. Yeah. So when they make a movie, it'll be called like Vision Puke.

(1h 35m 50s):
Yes. Vomit Quest. Vision Crust brought to you by Domino's. God, that's

(1h 35m 58s):
Parent Corners brought to you by Domino's Pizza. Check out their app. Domino's has a great app.

(1h 36m 3s):
Yuck. My parent corner, my, my daughter's boyfriend, Tommy, who's a great kid, she's been dating him for like a year and he was playing like a touch football game and some kid fell into his leg and he hurt his leg. Like he heard broke like the top of his tibius. He was like in a cast for four weeks. So he ends up moving in. 'cause my dad is like, like 12 minutes from where Zoe goes to school. So he moves in with my dad and my stepmom because it's too hard for him. He is like, has an apartment in Austin. It's too hard for him to go back and forth, you know, like, so it's just, and then my dad's excited 'cause he is like a live body to watch sports with.

(1h 36m 45s):
Right. So Tommy's been there for like a month hanging, hanging with my dad, watching, watching games and stuff, which of course led to, I insisted that he mailed me videos whenever my dad fell asleep during sporting events, which was every single night. So, so I'll be, I'll just be home and I'll just get this video from Tom and it's just, it's some exciting like fourth quarter of like, you know, Lakers warriors. And then the phone will cut to my dad and my dad's slumped. Like, he's like, like he's dead next to him. So I, well it's probably one in the morning, fourth quarter, like Right. Like my dad will stay up all this stuff though. Really?

(1h 37m 25s):
And then I'd put all these apps on on my dad's tv, including NBA league pass. Right. Which of course he has no idea. It's like all you have to do is you press the Apple tv. Yeah. The league pass will come up quick on that. The games will be there and it's like too much for him. All he wants to do is turn on the TV and go to cable. And then the smart TV part has Netflix and that's all he's capable of now. Tommy's in there and he is telling me how they're watching NBA games. He is like, yeah, Tommy knows how to get to these NBA games. And I'm like, you mean the NBA games that I put on your TV and was telling you like, you could click on this. And it's like, so it's, he made it seem like Tommy's like red and Shawshank, like Tommy's a man who knows how to get things.

(1h 38m 10s):
It's like, you mean Tommy just knows how to press the Apple TV menu? The thing comes up and he presses the thing. Why can't our parents, why don't they understand how to use remote controls? Like why is this, I Do your parents have trouble with this? The worst, like getting to the worst? My father's fingers are big, so he is, he is, he is breaking the shit out of whether it's a, a phone or a, or a little Apple remote or something. So it's just not for him. But yeah, it seems like it should click. It's not, they couldn't make it easier. They can't get it. My, every time my mom goes to see her mom lives here, and every time she's over the first 20 minutes are her fixing smart TV or something that happened.

(1h 38m 50s):
I was thinking, I said to fantasy, I actually think The Ringer, we might have to launch a podcast where every episode is somebody telling stories about interactions with their parents and technology. If you have parents over 75 and it's just like, all right, here's my story of when I went over to help, help fix my mom's internet. and it just goes, my mom couldn't get on spectrum for like two weeks and called the guys and the guys came like that. She thought there was a serious problem and all the guy did was just turn the box off and on and the spectrum worked. Right, right, right. Like the guy was like, a house call came in and that, that was the solution was have you tried turning the box on and off?

(1h 39m 31s):
My mom was like, what do you mean? And ugh. Did it. And all of a sudden it worked. It's, it, it, it scares the shit out of them. I didn't think my myself, because it makes me think, what are we gonna be like 30 years from now? Like ai, are we gonna be just as idiotic? Oh, we're gonna be fine. We're gonna be fine. We, we could navigate fan. We're good, we're good. But no, these people, like my father, I had to take him to DMV and you have to fill out all the shit on the tablet. You don't write anything. I'm like, right. If I wasn't there, he would be, he would be there. There wouldn't be cars. There'd be flying cars. By the time he got outta there, he wouldn't be there. Yeah, it's tough. But the bigger point is you're jealous of Tommy, aren't you? I am a little jealous. A little bit jealous. You're did, did make me think of when I lived in Boston and I could just hang out and watch games with my dad and then he would fall asleep in the fourth quarter or whatever we're watching.

(1h 40m 14s):
Yeah. Now Tommy, now Tommy gets it with his, with his grandfather in-law. This is terrific. But here's But here, the other thing, Tommy is a huge heat fan. 'cause my dad watches every Celtic game if he doesn't go. So he feels like he has to like, you know, kind of join the Celtics thing a little bit. But he is also heat fan. So what he does is he bets on the Celtic at every game. Oh, interesting. Alright. Yeah. See this is why this guy could be the one for my daughter. Like, he's well guy he's living that's kind of outside the box thinking he's living. This is a a, a crazy relations setup here, isn't it? Well, it's only one more week. He's got, he's around. He's gonna be able to start moving around in a week. Yeah. All right. My dad's like, I'm bummed out. We love having him here.

(1h 40m 54s):
I was like, what's going on? He's paying for the wedding. That's great. Anyway, that's parent quarter Al when you got to plug, well, I just came off The Ringer pregame show where I'm nine and two. You've put a long be best bets. Yeah. Nine and two and your best bets. Come on. Wow. Come on. You were plus 1 0 8 to be nine and two of your best bets. It was an upset who, who knew I could do it? Threw The Ringer with Tate Against All Odds. We had a nice same game Parley with the fellas Thursday night and Cousin Al's winning weekend with the great Jim Nance on Friday. What should I ask him? Hello? My friends. Yeah. I love friends. I think you have to make him rank his top three things he's ever called from three to one.

(1h 41m 39s):
Okay. Alright. You gotta get, want the bronze medal, silver marital gold medal. Greatest, greatest things. He's called, I have to hear, you know, he has his top three. Yeah. I also want the top three most annoying things about Tony Romo. I want, I'm gonna get it out of him, what he finds in the life. Definitely say like, Hey, three years ago were you mad at Romo when he just wasn't memorizing the numbers of the guys on the, did you get, did you give him a pep talk? Right. Okay. Yell at him. What happened? I love it. It's very exciting. Those are, those are good guess. Yeah, yeah, yeah. We do. Alright. Right. We have Ringer Sunday pregame show too. Where we launch. We have great, let let me, sorry. Let me shout out Allison Turner, the terrific booker for The Ringer. Oh, we love Allison Turner.

(1h 42m 19s):
Great job by her. She's great. I almost don't like that you shadowed her out Now. I'm more it's try to hire, hire away from, what do you mean? Oh, I, she's one of our favorite employees. Yeah. No, no, no. Her name is, she's actually really bad. Yeah, she's not good Thanks. Had to yell at her a few times last few weeks. Yeah. Joe House is the one you want to book your guest. The Ringer Sunday pregame. We came up with this new idea, the, what do we call the hot fudge Sunday with a y where everybody has to do a, a parlay of plus or a pick of plus 200 or higher. Put them all together. And today's was like 42 to one. How many legs did we hit?

(1h 42m 60s):
Not many. I think we hit two. No. One, one or two. I, I had the under 31 and a half. Doesn't wanna hit one of those. Tennessee, Minnesota. Yeah. Yeah. JJ hit one of those. JJ freaks out, JJ breaks out in hives 'cause he doesn't like anything over plus 200. He's like, what? Where can I, where can I even find this? I don't know. He wanted to do it has to be plus one 10 or higher for the Sunday. All right Sal, we'll see you next week. Good job by you. Good job by you Buddy.