(2s):
Coming up Silla and I did a live show in Denver and you're about to listen to it. Next.

(8s):
This episode is brought to you by the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute, to have music and the ability to do hands-free stuff. And just to feel safe, you can do it. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all-wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions.

(57s):
This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.

(1m 33s):
We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. If you like our pods and our videos, please go check out the redesign for The Ringer dot com because it's awesome. It was a long time coming. It's easier to read features and columns and pieces. It's easier to find your favorite writers. It's really easy to find your favorite shows and videos and some good sorting stuff, some good pages for pods like mine or for the re watchable pod. So please go check it out. The Ringer dot com. Everybody did a great job. Congratulations. We are eight and a half years in with that website and couldn't be more proud of it. Go check out The Ringer Moves YouTube channel as well. Re watchable has come back next week, the Bill Simmons YouTube channel where we run all the clips of videos from this podcast.

(2m 16s):
Hey, million dollar Picks. So I am going to do a podcast after Packers Lions tomorrow night so that we are ending up doing three episodes this week, the one today right now that you're listening to. And then after that, Packers Lions a reaction with some other stuff that I have banked that I'm pretty excited about. But I wanted to get a million dollar pick on the board for that game because I'm in Denver right now. Fando is legal here and I could not resist betting on the Packers plus four and a half Adjusted. Would love to throw at least 200 yards. That is minus 1 0 1 as a parlay. We were putting $200,000 on that for million dollar picks purposes. Coming off the best week we had all season, we won $870,000 last week.

(2m 59s):
Out of our seven big bets, we hit six and we are up 1.213 million fake dollars for the year doing pretty well this year. So we're gonna throw 200 K on packers plus four and a half with love to throw four at least 200 yards. And the rest of the picks will be in the third podcast of the week. Tomorrow night. What you're about to listen to is me and Ryan Celo at the Fillmore in Denver in front of an awesome crowd. So glad we did this. And if you wanna hear two guys talk about Nicole Yoki for a couple minutes, you've come to the right place. Welo and Simmons live from Denver next first, our friends from Pearl Jet, I shoulda worked out today.

(4m 7s):
I, I feel, feel scrawny. Thanks for coming out. Thank you to State Farm because I always forget to thank them before we start this stuff. But Owen story, thank you to story. Here's how this show happened. I texted Priscilla And I said, YOIC is in playing Golden State in the NBA Cup game on a Tuesday live show. And he was like, fuck yeah. Why do you love Denver so much? You know, I think it was, I had a bunch of friends, like, there's a big Vermont, Colorado thing, right? There you go. And I think once they were like, all right, I've kind of done the JV version of things in Vermont.

(4m 51s):
I'm gonna head out to Colorado. And when I left ESPN and I was kind of going like, all right, Manhattan Beach or Denver, it was like really close. Was it a toss up? It was, it was ocean or friendship and then friendship lost out to the ocean. I think that people in Denver, every time I'm here, they're disarmingly nice. That's what I, that's what I notice over and over again. I'm like, oh man, people are just nice here. But then I wonder, I think those are my friends, by the way. Then I wonder if it was just, they're stoned. I I can't tell friend shit. It's one or the other friend shit.

(5m 32s):
So we're gonna try to do a version of the pod that we would do on Sunday nights. 'cause we haven't done Sunday nights this year. 'cause That's right. We should wait till when the, when the Football season is over. N nfl. Yeah, we Have a lot of basketball stuff to talk about. But the real reason we're here, let's be honest, CE and I both love Nicole Okage. We're not gonna hide it. We love how the guy plays. He is about as reliable as it gets from an entertainment standpoint. Not just sports, music, movies, tv. I feel like succession got to this point for me, succession episodes where I was like, I just know this is gonna be a good episode. We just love Yoic and we wanted to surround ourselves with 1100 people who also loved Yoic, which is why this first segment is gonna be called Yoic Porn.

(6m 24s):
We're just gonna porn it Up. We don't have a slideshow for this, right? Yeah, No. So, oh my God, he did, he, we were sitting behind the scores table yesterday and he came up and we were just kind of marveling at him. We're like, look at that guy. Oh man, just amazing. Where do you wanna start? Do you wanna start with notes from last night? Do you wanna go big picture? Where do you, where do you wanna go? I, the only thing I would say is that, you know, bill and I have been doing this, whether it's together or separately for a really long time that I know personally, like players that I start to like, or start to hate have a lot to do with how the fans talk to us. So there's just players I know nothing about, and I despise them just because of what their fan base has said the entire time.

(7m 7s):
And Denver and Nuggets fans are seriously maybe the only like modern history, intensely annoying fan base about one guy. And you were totally right about it. So I think that needs to be said. 'cause more often than not, I'm like, nah, you were wrong. You guys are just annoying about the whole thing. And I don't think it was ever that we didn't, they just got to appreciate him, I think, quicker than we did because you, you were watching it happen and whether it was the draft and you're like, Hey, that that fat guy's kind of like fun to watch. Yeah, but what, like, what's he really gonna be? And then you're like, oh, he is gonna be like without question. Like, I mean, the list starts at one and I don't even, like, I love Giannis, we all love Luca and everything, but the, the gap between him and the next guy right now I think is significant.

(7m 54s):
I, oh, this is great. I'm already having a great time. I think what's crazy about this year is he somehow got better. I mean, he already went three MVPs in a title. See I told you we're gonna pour it up with Yoic. And I, I think the best, a friend of mine described it, and I'm gonna steal it from him, where Yoic was always playing chess when he was out there, right? He was always like two, three moves ahead. He was just so smart. It, it was always so admirable to watch how he just processed the game. But then Minnesota Boo Minnesota threw some stuff at 'em, right? They were like, yeah, we're, we're actually fine with you taking those threes. We're gonna beat you up. We're just gonna throw big guys at you.

(8m 35s):
We're gonna try to wear you down. And now this season it feels like he's, he's moved into this speed chess mode where it's not just chess. He's now solving stuff instantaneously and watching him in person last night, I mean, golden State was like, you're not doing the thing you always do. We you're, we're not giving you 14 assists tonight, right? You're, you're gonna, we're gonna take away everybody else and you're gonna have to do the thing you hate to do, which is score a lot. And he is like, all right, fine. Fuck. And ends up with 38, he's six for seven in the fourth quarter, makes all the big shots. But I just feel like he's solving stuff faster. Does that make sense? Yeah. 'cause I, I think he knows he needs to, and I think that first week, like I both hated and loved it. Like we all get geared up for the start of the season.

(9m 17s):
We all know we were worried about the bench. Look at me. I'm saying we, like, I actually moved here. But, and when you, you knew there were gonna be some serious problems with the depth and letting KCP go and the draft picks, you know, still kind of like a massive question mark about whether or not they're viable rotation pieces. And he took I think 13 shots in that opener against OKC And it get smoked the next two games. He takes 27 and 26 shots. And I was so happy about it 'cause it was like this immediate thing within 48 hours where he went, I guess this is what I'm gonna have to do. I mean, he's not shooting it that much, but he is shooting it more now this season than at any other point in his career. And yet his efficiency is in line with the best season he's ever had, which is probably the one he had two years ago.

(9m 58s):
So he can unlock anything in every single game at that size in a way that I don't know that we've ever seen before. I hadn't seen him in Denver. I've seen him obviously all over the place, but not here. He, he did two things last night. You know, you could pick up most of it on tv. One of the things was he was just trying to read what Golden State was gonna do from what Kerr was telling his players. So he would like run down and he'd be in the paint on the Golden State side just watching Kerr what he was saying and what he was flashing. And then he was yelling to his teammates, they're running five three and Curry would be like, what the fuck? Like, you're cheating. He was getting mad, but he was calling out all their plays, everything they do with Curry, which has been a recurring theme.

(10m 40s):
So that was one. The other one they're up to. There's like what, 16 seconds left. They're playing keep away and he gets the ball at the top of the key. Normally when a guy gets it, they either throw it back out or they dribble out. They're just trying to, they know they're gonna get fouled. And he was like, oh, they're gonna foul me. I'm actually gonna lurch forward drive into this guy and see if I can get a three point plate. Which I don't think I'd ever seen anyone process it that fast. So two little things, but we left, we were just like beaming. We, we didn't even know what to do. We were like, that was amazing. We, it was like the Chris Farley show with Paul Bacardi. Remember when we saw yo, that was awesome. Yeah. We, if if he had been in town and would've declined the request. 'cause he would have, right.

(11m 20s):
If we would ever get the chance, like I think I would be such a loser in that interview. It could be like, remember when you did that thing? Like what, what, what were you thinking about when you did it? And and I think honestly I think like the hard part with it too, and it's the same back to his drafting. Like when the draft comes around, I'm an athlete snob and you go, I don't know. Is, is this, is this going to work? And then it starts working and then you start comparing them. And we had all those nasty MVP conversations, which I just made me root for I think even more. 'cause it just me too, well it just was ridiculous. Like some of the stuff, and I know it turns into propaganda, And, it becomes really political and it's like, okay, but if your, any of your points are tearing this guy down, like you're just, you're not, you're either not watching or you're not being fair or you're not being honest or you can't see the things.

(12m 3s):
And I, I think it's such a visual thing with him that we've talked about in the past is other basketball players have done things that are just aesthetically more pleasing. I've seen him get back in transition where I thought he was gonna have a heart attack, right? Where I was like, does he have, does he have like polio? Like what the fuck is wrong with him right now? And and yet he's always in position. He knows everybody, everybody what they're gonna be doing ahead of time. And you know, when I say no, he's unlocked the game at his size. I mean certainly LeBron and I'm, I'm just giving 'cause Yoki just got an inch on him or two. And then magic the same thing. But like to be straight up a center and then know, okay, well if they're doubling me then it's all of these things. If they're not doubling me, he's just sitting there in the triple threat at the free throw line going up against TJD and he's just, he's just been like, all right, you're gonna gimme one-on-one and I'm just gonna just jab step you and hit this free throw.

(12m 55s):
Like I would like a night where he just did it 35 times. Like score 60, Right? They won by four last night. He played 40 minutes and was plus 23. So try to figure that one out. They minus 19 when you didn't play Well. Those first three minutes of the fourth quarter as you know, are the most horrifying. Yeah. It's you just panicking. Like there are horror movies that are more fun than those three minutes of every fourth quarter where you're like, they, they were minus eight in those three minutes. I'm like, golden State has to win this and they want it and then they still lose the game. 'cause he comes back in. One thing, sorry to get big picture on this, but one thing I was thinking with him, there's still like mystery with him. I don't know a lot about him and I and people are trying to figure out like NBA ratings are going down a little bit.

(13m 38s):
What does this mean to people like the product as much? Is it too easy to follow the sport without actually watching the games game in and game out? But I do think a piece of it is, there's no mystery with any of these guys. They, they're all on social media. You know, they're, they're doing like the infomercial documentaries about themselves. They're all over the place. They're super available and I feel like I know all of them And it when you think, like when we were growing up, we didn't know anything about anybody we watched and Yoic is like one of the last, I know he is got two brothers. I know, I know he likes horses. I I know he goes to Serbia as soon as the season ends and that's it. Like I don't even know like what kind of car does he drive?

(14m 19s):
Nothing. Right? What do you know? Do you know anything other than that? I know, I I think it pisses everybody else off that this guy is this dominant and there's not gonna be a workout program that he's gonna share with you. Right? Right. Like there's not gonna be a mamba mentality rip off of Yoic that it's like, you know, I remember, I know Mike Singer wrote the book about him and I was listening to an interview that he did. So there were some excerpts and it was, he hated practice. He didn't wanna do any of these things. Yeah. So it's, it's like the opposite of everything that you would tell your kid. Like this guy hated all of the extra stuff and yet he's this dominant. But it's, it's about his instincts and his vision and just simple things like watching people play basketball like I have now for, for like 40 years.

(15m 6s):
And you watch the ball come outta his hands and like even when it's off it's like no it's just soft. Yeah, it's perfectly soft. And it like cuddles with the rim a little bit and then it falls back in. It's his hands. Like I know that it was the water polo thing, but like however he was taught to look at the game, it's really special stuff because he, he just, he just sees in away that you have to kind of be born with that. I, I just don't I don't even know if that can be taught. See I told you it was gonna be yoic porn. You guys didn't believe me. You guys were like ah, they'll do five minutes. Yeah, it would be interesting like if Yoic started doing stuff that the other players do have, have startling would be where it's like Yoic just formed a production company.

(15m 48s):
Like what he wants to make independent movies, he does story, I wanna tell stories about un underserved stories. Right? Or he just, he has an it band thing on Instagram. All of a sudden he is running with no days off and you're like what Yoko Just bought a woman's soccer team. He did Big picture. Well it's 20 games. We're not gonna do the, he's gonna win the MVP. He's certainly on pace. He's averaging 30 and 13 and 10, he's shooting 56%. He is shooting 52% from three, which is more than half in case you can't do math. And if he gets a fourth MVP here now we're in the club with Jordan, LeBron, bill, Russell, Kareem, Abdul-Jabbar and Will Chamberlain and that's it.

(16m 36s):
What's interesting, two things are in play now. Well one, he is kind of clinched the the best guy of the 2020s. 'cause now once he gets Well we have some time still. Well We got, so when we're halfway through the decade we're heading toward the second half. I don't know who could make a run at him in the second half. If you just look at the candidates, like the resume he already has. If he won four MVPs, like who would be able to match that in the second half of the decade? We're talking this is a lot to ask for Lamella Ball is my point. Yeah, Yeah. He has some work to do. Yeah. You know, scoring a lot. I think we'll get to him maybe later in the show but yeah, you're right. I mean that's kind of why it gets back to even, you know, I've never rooted for the nuggets necessarily.

(17m 18s):
Like I've never, I don't have some thing that back in the day. Yeah I would've probably started two years ago and and tapped out after this off season. But That's coming up later too. There could be somebody that gets, well you're right, we're halfway through it. So who gets a second ring? That would be the the dumb ring count thing that gets in the way I think of, of just being honest about who players are sometimes. So you're right, you might be Right. It would have to be a guy that has to that is in their twenties that makes a huge leap over the next three years. So like I'm not well weby would he have enough time? So you guys are gonna laugh but the only guy I think could could be in the running is my guy Jason Tatum.

(18m 2s):
Yeah, I said it get him booed just, just if the Celtics won a bunch of titles, that's it. But I don't think that's gonna happen. Alright, settle Down. I'm just, is TA more athletic yoic? There's no bad idea to Brainstorm tomorrow. Come on. Yeah but no, no one has ever look Tatum I think is actually underrated at this point but don't worry, don't worry, don't worry. Wow. He's never once and never will be considered the best player in the world. Right. That's why it's not gonna happen. Best center since Kareem is in play for him too. But yeah, I was looking back at the day, What else is in play you're good at? Well I Was looking I think you update this stuff a lot.

(18m 43s):
I do, I do But I like it. You're keeping track. It's one of my things when I'm bored on an airplane when we haven't taken off it, I'm like, I think I'll, I'll work on the pantheon. How many Times have you ranked the top 20 players of all time in your life? I just did it four hours ago. He sent me the text. It's interesting. I mean doing best player by decade isn't totally fair 'cause sometimes people can peak starting in the middle of decade, whatever. But if you go back like 2000 tens is LeBron and Curry and probably in that order right? It's LeBron. Yeah, I mean I mean LeBron second we knew the ring count thing but you know even if Curry was winning MVPs and I, he had better Season sports bar could make a curry case he wouldn't be right.

(19m 27s):
Yeah that one in two thousands it's Duncan and Kobe and that's a bloodbath argument that we're not gonna have right now. Shouldn't shouldn't be. Yeah I have Duncan. But other people would say Kobe 1990s is MJ alone. There's no other person in the convo. Eighties is magic and bird seventies is Kareem is it Magic And sixties is Russell Wilt Longer run those Pistons finals Kareem in the seventies. Russell and Will in the sixties. The point is Yoic doesn't even really have a rival for the 2020s yet.

(20m 8s):
Which I think is interesting. I guess it would be Giannis if he could. I think Giannis is the second best player. You know as much as I'm like in love with the the yoic part of it there there's a health element to the Giannis discussion. How he'll age obvious the Playoffs the last couple years were tough. Yeah But well here's the problem. Dramatic pause. I think he's had the worst luck with teammates of any great player. If you're talking about the top 15 never played with an RNB. A guy Murray gets hurt when he got hurt costs two playoffs, now he's got Murray and Porter taking up 40% of the cap. And I hate to say it, I hope he is not here.

(20m 50s):
I doubt he is but the owner was fucking cheapskate. Like spend some money, give him the IC on your team you have one of the best 15 players of all time in his prime. Go into the second apron motherfucker. So you have four, you have him 14th as of today For all time. Yeah I need to see how this plays out but he is in the 9 2 13 range for me now You could argue you could make an argument for him as the ninth best player of all time today depending If he wins a fourth MVPI think it's in play. Here's where I landed The eight and see who he's hypothetically in range with. I'll give you the list just 'cause you guys all Jordan first 'cause he's the goat until I die.

(21m 36s):
LeBron Russell Kareem, that would be the Mount Rushmore magic bird Duncan Wilt. And then it's like I originally had co curry Kobe West and then Hakeem Shaq, Moses and Yoko is somewhere in that last six. But if he wins a fourth MVP and he carries this Denver team to like the western finals are better with what we watched last night where where he can't even come outta the game for two and a half minutes. Like he literally couldn't come outta the gate. The mike balloon in a call time out 'cause the team was cratering. So I think he's somewhere in that range. But I think for me, just as somebody who's watched basketball my whole life, I like he's he does the same stuff.

(22m 16s):
Bird of magic. Did I And he is been doing it now for six, seven years. Do you think he, see this is the ring counting thing. 'cause I, this Is but this matters. The ring part matters though. All those, those are the guys won rings. Especially when you put together that list. I mean Moses just has the one, right? Akeem's got the two. So then it Shaq's got three or four, Right? He has the fourth then the minor west Only had one though. Yeah, but the west one, when you're losing to the Celtics every single year in the finals, like I almost think we should just round it up to three for him. Yeah. When Yoka j when it's all said and done, if he stays in this pace like say another four years, you know as the MVP, I think the simple tins will just count the rings and be like, you can't put him ahead of those guys.

(23m 0s):
But from just an impacting a game at that level. And again, you know, we're, we're assuming a lot in the next few years, but the guy stays healthy. It's not like he's this wiry dude who has all these muscle pulls all the time. Right? Like, well What happens if he does remember Larry Bird that one year when he came, I think it was the 87, 88 season. Not as Well as you do. I, well all of a sudden there the big off season storyline was Larry Bird has quit drinking beer and he is in phenomenal shape and he showed up for the season. He had this follow up two hand dunk at a preseason game. We're like, oh my God, the legend, he's in shape. And then he got hurt within I. Don't know if I believe the quit drinking beer park. Well probably not, but I didn't, to me yoic like apparently has never really lifted.

(23m 44s):
I don't even know what his offseason change program would be. Whatever he is doing, it's fine. Yeah, Keep it going. Doesn't I sometimes I, I think the guys, it's like the old quarterback thing where Dilfer used to tell me like, I wanted to come in like 20 pounds overweight. He's like, I wanted a little spare tire tire down there so that I could, as I tapered off, I at least had something to take the damage. I'm not necessarily saying like that's what's up with You. MB does that too. I think M Mead's been trying. He's like, this is ridiculous. You know those, those next five guys that when you get to eight or whatever, like it's just a player. I don't know. I mean it's tough for me to put anybody above Dunking. I know just because of, of how perfect he was and how sustained it was and how long it went.

(24m 27s):
But the fact I'm even suggesting it's possible is, is the win as of today. So you loved, you love Moses and you love Hakeem, I love Moses and Shaq love, but yo is at least swimming in that. I don't think I appreciated Shaq enough, but I was also like a shithead kid and he was on the Lakers. Yeah. We held some weird things against Shaq where he was like, he made a rap album and we're like, what's he doing? Fni. Yeah, he made, He made Shazam or Kazam, whatever that movie was. We're like, what a dick. And then Dwight tried to do all of it and we're like, all you are definitely Dick. Yeah, yeah. You, you were the dick. I actually appreciate Shaq like way more now than, than I think I did. And that might've been just a Boston weirdo thing that some of us grow out of.

(25m 17s):
All right, last section of Yoic porn. We were, we were saying like, we try not to have biases, especially 'cause we have votes for ONBA and and I I like to think I'm levelheaded even like with the Celtics. Like I know when the Celtics, no listen, let me, lemme talk this out right Down the middle. There's been seasons where I'm like, they don't have it this year. Something's wrong. I don't like this. Like I, I try to be objective. It's really hard for me to be objective with with Yoic. And I think it is you too. So what are your other actual basketball biases that you can admit? Do you wanna go back and forth? So Yeah, so we're admitting that we both want Yoic to get that second ring.

(25m 57s):
So the commoners, as Long as it's not at the expense of the Celtics. Yeah. Like if the Celtics can't win, I would hope that he would be the one that won would be my bias. Yeah. 'cause Like the Curry fourth ring for me was such a big deal and him too. But I felt in that order I felt like it, it just changed. It gave, I don't even know that that many people hate Curry. I mean if you wanna find hay it's pretty easy to find right now. But with Curry it it just kind of changed. I think it changed a lot of the way he was looked at. He needed it. Yeah it was very similar to like the John Elway Super Bowl and oh I forgot we're in Denver, the John Elway Super Bowl.

(26m 38s):
But John Elway was like this stats couldn't get it done and they, they could drag a team to the precipice but not and then all of a sudden he won and we never talked about it again. And Curry was same thing. It's like ah, well he had Duran and that one year in 2015 all the Cavs got hurt and there was always an excuse. Now there's no excuses.

(26m 58s):
The NBA hit the quarter market this season in FanDuel America's number one sports book wants you to catch all the action. They're trying to help you right now FanDuel giving everyone three months of NBA league pass. All you have to do is place any $5 bet on the NBA. You can jump in on the NBA cup 'cause we know that's coming in a couple days. I like Houston over Golden State. They're minus three and a half. I just think that's a bad matchup for Golden State. And I'll tell you, I'll tell you something else. I kind of like Houston to win the NBA cup at plus 700, I think they can hang with all of these teams anyway. Next time you get a hunch on who's gonna win or how many points a player will score, you can watch your picks come to life live by visiting FanDuel dot com slash bs. You can get three months of BA League pass courtesy of FanDuel. Make every moment more with FanDuel official sports book partner, the BA you must be 21 plus in President select states or 18 plus in president DC. After three month free trial, the full price of League Pass will be automatically charged monthly. Cancel any no refunds, terms restrictions that embargoes apply. Limit one pass per customer. See terms@sportsbook.fan.com. Gambling problem call 100 gambler or visit rg help.com.

(28m 9s):
This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. When it comes to the safety of me and my family, there's only one home security system I trust and that's SimpliSafe. I love having it in my home. Helps protect every inch of it inside and out. And if you wanna try it for yourself right now, perfect time to get it. There's an amazing Black Friday sale going on for my listeners. I'm talking 50% off here everybody also reasons to have SimpliSafe holiday season's coming. Talk about this every year on the BS pod. Guess what happens during holiday season? People start kind of casing your house a little bit on Wednesdays before Thanksgiving. Are they home? Did they go away? Oh wait, there's no cars in the driveway anymore. I'm moving in Christmas packages. Maybe they're gonna try to steal those. Well they won't if you have SimpliSafe because you're gonna be guarded against the porch Pilots. SimpliSafe helps to stop crime before it happens. Professional monitoring agents that can see, speak to and deter intruders. And if someone's lurking around or acting suspiciously, they can and will take action. So check out SimpliSafe today, keep your home, your family, and your peace of mind protected. And remember, a massive Black Friday sale is being extended by SimpliSafe For my listeners This week only. You can take off 50% off any new system with a select professional monitoring plan. It's your last chance to claim the best offer of the year. So don't wait. Head to SimpliSafe dot com slash bs to claim your discount. make sure your home is safe this season. Once again, SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. SimpliSafe two is SimpliSafe com slash bs. There's s no safe like SimpliSafe.

(29m 42s):
This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.

(30m 17s):
Alright, So bias, gimme Another bias And forth. I'll give, I'll give you a small one. I'm rooting for the Pistons. I have a lot invested in my K to Cunningham position. I think that that's come around after some scary, like early developments. Jade and Ivy being allowed to play in front of Killian Hayes seems to be the right decision. I wonder if Monty Williams has watched one Pistons game on League Pass because I know he didn't watch one before he got the head coaching job. If I own the Pistons, I might've been like, we're gonna fire, you're gonna keep the 75 million but you're gonna be an analyst for 45 games this year. So Killing Hayes is not in the league. No. And they had the same records The Wizards last year. Think about that. The same record and like nobody wants to hear your pistons or sneaky kind of good, you know, we never did that monologue luckily, but I I would go how?

(31m 6s):
There's no way, like just even if all these guys are morons, they're way more talented. There's no way they're the wizards. And we've seen with a little shooting balance, a little spacing that if you don't lace some up for the pistons on the wrong night. Yeah. So I I just, there's A few teams like that this year. I like seeing a team that is, they're the more like I just, I just like them being somewhat more entertaining. 'cause I probably watch too many Pistons game because it's the always the first game on, on the west coast, like at four o'clock when I don't wanna be inside My first bias that I'll admit won't be a surprise to interview. Hate's a strong word with sports. I always like the word sports hate. I don't actually hate anything.

(31m 46s):
So it's in the context of sports hate anything. I, I hate the Lakers. I, I just, I just do like, and I think it's healthy. I think it's a good thing. I think there should be teams that you just don't like. And part of it's their fans. Like they started out well, right, first couple weeks and their fans got super chirp about how we took the under, right. Yeah. They lost by 40 tonight. Maybe like 41. But it's just more, it's more fun for me personally when they're not doing well and I might be a bad person, not gonna apologize. It is weird, you know, when you're from the Northeast, you don't think anybody cares about sports as much as you do and there's some elements of that.

(32m 30s):
But then when you go out to LA and you're like, oh, these guys are all soft or whatever, the Lakers thing is very real. Yeah. They have, they have good passionate fans. I gotta hand it to 'em. The other thing I've never understood is that there's just Kobe fans that aren't Lakers fans. Yeah. And they just hang out, you know, and I remember there was like a Lakers, like it was a big Lakers game and I think I was recording it, so I was like, I'm gonna go out, get outside, I'm gonna go to the beach. And then I just see all these guys in Kobe jerseys at the beach and I'm thinking like, this is a huge game. Yeah. What are you guys doing? It's like, well, you know, Talking Kobe. Yeah. One bias we have together is, So there was nothing else in that Lakers thing. There's no like, no. Is there a version of that that you want?

(33m 11s):
Like do you have kind of a thing you don't want share what you hope happens this season? The, the Lakers panic trade would be really fun. Like if they talked themselves into, you know, Zach Levine's contract, something like that. Just like taking more money on to try to save. But I, I think they know, I think they're so bad on defense. They're one of the top four worst defenses in the league. That'll be a weird time though before the deadline because when you're 30 and you're LeBron or hell, even when you're 35 in LeBron, you can kind of get away with putting the pressure on them. But so far the Lakers have kind of shown like, yeah, we're not like the the pixie came eligible, they didn't do anything.

(33m 56s):
I actually think they did a great job in the draft. There's yeah, me too. There's a version of a rotation here that should work where they're in the playoffs. But if they go through a weird stretch and they don't, they're not active or anything, the, the subliminal messages and that kind of stuff, like you're gonna have a good couple of weeks. If You're a scoring point guard or a scoring wing and the Lakers are in your schedule, you're fucking pumped. You're like calling family members like, Hey, make sure you watch tonight. I'm gonna have 48. One of our biases we share. Okay. We both are rationally root for Scoot Henderson Illa and I have a pretty big Scoot position and unfortunately we live in the era of people could just cut out clips from your video podcast and then torment you with them over the next two to 20 years.

(34m 42s):
And we had some, some pretty passionate pro Scoot takes during the draft and they're not aging well. He got off to a good start. I thought he looked bigger. I'm like, this is great. They're bringing off the bench sort of like a mental reset. The numbers are just as bad as they were last year. Yeah. I even got so desperate. I called like one GM that I'm, I'm pretty close with what I don't think lies to me. I was like, you like Scoot two though, right? He's like, is this off the record? Yeah. Like no, I just, just tell me that, that you liked him too. Right? It's like, well a team took him third. So I think a lot of people liked him. But yeah, I'm not giving up but I, I'm not giving up preparing myself for the day.

(35m 22s):
I have to, like when I had Jalen Suggs on last year, 'cause Jalen Suggs had whatever it was, it was like the worst offensive rating of any single player his rookie year. Right. Like anybody that actually played. And then I was looking up historically like who else had done it, scoot did. And then I was like, oh well Jalen Suggs did, you know, and then we had Jalen Suggs on after that and he's turned it around and I brought up that entire like stat profile to him and then I was like, what do you think about Scoot? And he was like, raving about Scoot. He's like, he's gonna be so good. I was like all these guys, what is he gonna say? He be like, no, he actually sucks dude. So you don't think like eight years from now we'll be in Portland doing a Scoot porn intro to our live podcast? Probably not ruling that out.

(36m 3s):
What I, We probably get the venue now. Yeah. If tickets are available. What else? Gimme another bias. I'm not sad about the Sixers And. it actually circles back to the MB yoic propaganda year where I don't, I don't even know who I'm really mad at. You know, I think Darryl's a great gm. He and I don't exactly, I don't think we like each other that much anymore, but it's okay, we'll get through it. But he, they did such a good job and yet all of us that have been around it long enough, you're like, all right, like I can see the good version of this, but are you investing in the right people?

(36m 57s):
But you also do have a choice to invest in other people and you don't. And then when MB took the extension like that And, it was kind of lost in all the mayhem. I think it may have been lost in the woe wake of him being, you know, and then the MB extension happens and it's almost one of those extensions where when it's done and you wonder if you're the team, you're like, he took it like he was like, yeah sure, we'll tack on three more years. Yeah. Keep adding them. I we were texting a lot during that time and the Sixers were checking a lot of boxes that I would say would, would I would call Silla trigger boxes. The guy saying just openly that it's all about April now. Yeah. And, and not playing back to backs anymore. The off season workout stuff, the victory lapping before we've seen the team yet is when that will trigger you from time to time.

(37m 45s):
What else did they do? Well then they also had Embi Bead. Everybody kind of knew that he wasn't really the locked in guy that you need to be. Like if you look, it's a very simple timeline in the NBA top draft pick score a bunch of points, you're gonna get your max extension and then it's like you're seven or eight. I think something kicks in for a lot of the special players we're like, okay, maybe it's not about all the points and I'm gonna get the accolades and I'm gonna make all Star and all this stuff. But like I almost have to figure out a way to be a more productive basketball player that's not just about the stat line. And I think there's a lot of stat line players out there that people talk about being really special that I'm like I don't know. I know they're good at scoring but I don't know that they're great at like all the things that you need to, Did they affect winning?

(38m 29s):
Right. And it as talented as MB is. And I've always really liked his game. I loved him before the draft, but we knew there was the weird injury stuff with him. I actually always loved his personality. I liked that he cried after the Kauai shot losing to Toronto when he got shit for that. I was like, that's ridiculous. Like this, this matters to him. Yeah. That's a great sign. So there was all these things for him that I was kind of rooting for and then you started hearing more and more of like he's actually not taking this stuff serious enough and you were wondering if that story was gonna get out and then it gets out within the own team meeting leaking. Yeah. And then he's like, I don't know who said this. I'm like, you know what? Yeah he Got mad about the leak. Yeah. You can be mad about the leak but be mad. Like you at some point you have to get more mad at yourself.

(39m 10s):
And I know he is had all these different injuries and all these things, but I've just, there was like a tipping point for me in you when I did the preview show with you where I went. Yeah. I cleared the floor for You because I remember Zach Lowe like Yeah I just was waving everybody to the side. Yeah. He Was like iso Well just like Lalo. But I, I, I remember Zach Lowe who he love like did his top five players And. it was this like unarguable list of, of the five guys of Yoka, Giannis, Luca, SGA and Embiid. And I went, I think we need to stop just penciling him in. Yeah. Despite that we know what he was statistically to start that year. And I think people are starting to like, it's not like, hey finally we're all on the same page or realizing but you know, get outta the second round.

(39m 52s):
That's it. We Don't, we don't value durability enough when we talk about players is one of my big lessons of the 2020s. That's why Boston's so good. It's all hypothetical and not Yeah Bo those two guys for Boston played all they All the time take seriously. Yeah. They wanna show up. They play back to backs. Quick biases for me, I want Seattle to have an NBA team again and I'll root for that team. And along what you just said, if you're not in shape, it's really hard for me to like you that much. And I I feel that way about Luca too. Thanks man. No, not you, but I just feel like when these guys are making the money they're making, it'd be nice if, if, if you worked out in the off season doesn't seem crazy to me.

(40m 41s):
Right? It's your job. Which Is weird 'cause Ben Simmons works out more than anybody. Right. My other biases quickly, I still defend Kevin Duran I don't know why. It's like being in a bad marriage. Like he flies out the end on social and I'm like, you don't understand. He was upset. They lost last night because If you wanted to just like, if you were forced in like debate class, like you have to be the anti Durant guy. Yeah. Like this is gonna be easy actually. Right. And I don't want to be that guy. So I understand that bias. I have two more biases. What do you have before? Go Ahead. Go ahead, go ahead. Well one of them is yours too. I hate heliocentric basketball. I'm just never gonna like it. I'm just not.

(41m 22s):
And I really respect what Harden Equippers are doing this year. It's, it's way better than I thought the rubber under was three, seven and a half. They, I, it was almost a lock for me. And he is playing great. I just don't personally like watching it that much and that's not gonna change. And then my last one is I want Jordan to stay the goat and I, I just, I just feel like he's the best and the years pass and people forget and I just think he's still levitates above anyone I've seen in person. Even Yoic. I have one last one little off the menu. I was so happy that you were able to witness not just the greatness of Yoic, it wasn't the best Curry game but it's all right. We'll get through it to see Tyler Ford handle a review.

(42m 4s):
He's, he's my favorite official in the NBA and we had a front row seat to it and I kept nudging the group. I'm like, watch this. He doesn't fuck around. Yeah. I didn't realize you had a referee bias. Yeah, well I mean he knows how much I love with him. Like he gave me the shout out before the game starts and my friends are like, the officials say hi to you. And Yeah, he asked us when the Sunday pod was coming back. Yeah. I was fired up. Yeah. And I think the other guy I tweeted a picture of being like, I like French fried potatoes or whatever. And then I was like, and so then he was kind of like, fuck him Priscilla. But Tyler, you know Bill Kennedy I think has a SAG card. Oh he's doing the Reviews when he does the reviews and so he's Doing a one man show.

(42m 46s):
Right. And then Tyler Ford is like efficiency, efficiency, efficiency. If you know who Tyler Ford is, he looks a lot like Jim from the town, which is one of the reasons SSC loves him. It's also A plus Because he looks like he's gonna at any time say who's cow we taking. All right. New gimmick here. We're moving outta porn. We are moving to what we're calling the Worry Scale where I'm gonna listen topics Start with your mom. You were having fun the first 30 minutes. I I didn't wanna lose the crowd but he might be coming up at some point. the Worry Scale one to 10 Curry ever getting a fifth.

(43m 30s):
Title one to 10. How worried are you? Well worried 'cause it's probably not gonna happen but it I the fourth one, like I don't worry about his next ring the way I would about somebody who I think deserves a recognition Ties Kobe though. Yeah but well I guess the number one option thing Kobe was the number one option for what? Two of them. Two of them? Yeah. Two for Steph? Yeah. I, I'm a nine outta 10. I don't know how they do it with this Warriors Team. I don't know how they do it either. Do you Think you'll ever be on another team? I don't. Do you think Lake Up is just, I gotta say I, I think not to suck up to the crowd, but I don't think Yoic is ever not gonna be in Denver.

(44m 12s):
I don't think. I don't think Curry will ever not be on Golden State and I honestly don't think Tatum will ever not be on Boston. I think, I think those are the three that I see staying whole career. Luca. Luca is an interesting one. I don't I don't know if I would bet on Luca staying in Dallas. I keep waiting for the first mad international guy 'cause it doesn't, it hasn't really happened yet. Yeah. Who's A bad, I mean IC seems to get upset but he's not really on the level of what we're talking about here. Well when you look at like the next pissed off NBA star that forces his way outta something. I don't say this because I think it'll never happen but it's just something that you notice that it, it hasn't happened yet. I think you're nuts to put Tatum in that group with the other two guys by the way.

(44m 52s):
You think he would leave? I just think it's, he's still so young. Never on another team. I just think those would be my three If I had to pick three Trey Young Hawks. 'cause if they haven't traded 'em yet, Lalo Charlotte Next Warrior Scale, Houston fucking up this Cool Rockets roster that we love. How worried are you On a scale of one to 10? It's a three because it's an awesome problem to have. But I like you, they're one of my favorite leagues. They might be my Go-to right now. Now They're the MVP. Right? Because I'm not only entertained, I'm trying to figure out how they're going to figure it out. And EM'S the best coach for this 'cause he's just like, Hey guess what?

(45m 33s):
You're benched for the fourth quarter. Yeah. And he'll bench Jalen Green, he'll Bench Jabari. They have to play Van Lee. They kind of make this defensive decision where they'll go with Thompson over Jalen in some of these spots and then Tar Easton comes into Rick shop and they're like, all right, we don't need Jabari spacing. So there's lineup stuff that they're matching there long term. I don't know how like they're probably better off getting out of the depth for the next guy. I don't know who the next guy is. A three for one. Because what'll happen is you're gonna end up ruining the value of your own guys 'cause there's just not gonna be enough minutes for dudes. Yeah. So it's a concern but not concerning enough that they look they're winning games too. So it's like a three. So the Rockets, they're in the, they're in the NBA cup, they play Golden State and they're, I think they're seven to one on FanDuel to win it.

(46m 17s):
I think they're a pretty live bet. I I was, I watched our OKC game on Sunday the next day 'cause it was against football and they, it reminded me a lot of Minnesota last year where we, nobody wanted to say that Minnesota was ready in like December, January, but they kind of were And. it was like wow, this would be soon. And then it just kept going. And I think Houston, that's how I feel when I watch 'em. They're so good defensively and they're so athletic and they have so many different lineups that they're just a bitch to play. I love that game 'cause it was one of those, you know, we've had some really cool regular season games and I feel like Houston's in a lot of 'em just because of the effort alone. But with no Chet, like I didn't, that game will be so different with the Chet decision and how they want to pull Shang goon away.

(46m 59s):
Or maybe they close with Jabari. Like that's what I love is that Eime is like, I know where you were drafted. I know you get paid this, you don't get paid. Right. He, you could care less. This is what I'm gonna do tonight. And it's, he's actually the tough love no bullshit thing is the best version when normally it's like the hand holder for all the young guys That game. If you guys didn't see it, you ever see those Instagram videos when the two cats are fighting and it's just like amazing to watch the how athletic the cats are and you're like, oh my God, wow. They just jumped off a table. You're watching a lot of cat videos. I I, I think the algorithm knows that I like them but they, they were just, The wife picks up your phone like I'm no longer worried But they were just so young and athletic.

(47m 42s):
It was, it was a treat to watch Next Warrior Scale towns in New York. I was probably an eight before the season. I think I'm like a two now. Seems like they like him And it. He's playing really well. I think the defensive part of it though, like their identity, their identity's entirely changed. So maybe they're, But that's what happens when you trade for Carl Anthony Towns. True. Which is funny. Stein, which is Funny that he is not on Minnesota and now they're defense isn't what it's supposed to be. Which doesn't really make a ton of sense even though I think like, look, nobody stops Yoic. But in that series, like he bodied them up and the fact that it stayed in front of him is better for towns than having to move around. The Mitchell thing is another one of those things I can't wait to see. 'cause TBS won't care.

(48m 24s):
Kat's already paid. Yeah. You know, he needs, he makes, he might have closing lineups where he is like, I don't want spacing, I don't want five out. I want some resistance to the rim. Or maybe the Knicks are like, as long as we're top five in offense and 15th on defense, we have a chance. But yeah, and he hasn't Look, if they lose then they're gonna get on his case. They're gonna be like, what's up with these interviews? But right now everybody likes it. He's kind of thrown a no-hitter right now. I don't think he's had one weird interview yet. I keep waiting for it. Maybe the PR just keeps turning down all of these invites and not even telling him. Smart. Well conversely, you mentioned Minnesota Ant, Minnesota Warrior Scale. I'm like an eight and a half. Yeah, seven.

(49m 4s):
That team, the body language doctor does not like what he's saying with Minnesota. And then Ant called it out. Ant had that press conference after he, he was like, we we're all, we're too negative every we're we're all doing our own thing. It was really kind of crazy. Yeah, look, they started 16 and four last year. Yeah. And they were the best defensive team in the NBA. So I mean this is like Nick's like to another level of disappointment to who they are defensively. But they moved out Kat, they didn't bring him in. So that part of it's really weird. But look, there's nights where Ant doesn't look like he loves playing defense. Yeah. And even though he is making a ton of threes, I'd rather him not take 11 a game.

(49m 46s):
Vincenzo hasn't been good and Randall puts up numbers, but it's, it's all kind of on his terms a little bit. So they look very disconnected. And it's a team offensively that I thought may get in their way of preventing him even making it the Western conference finals. As much as I like some of the guys on the team Last year, it really felt like they had an identity. I knew what it was. I didn't know if it was gonna translate to 24 playoff rounds, but there was something unique about them. They sure I don't know when I watched 'em, I don't know, they just seemed like another team. Well at least they had The defense. They knew they could rely like that Phoenix. They Could stops, they could take, they could take out Yage as well as anyone. Nobody takes 'em out. But they were at least, you know, big guys, they had a real effect on and they could guard Jalen and Jason as well as anybody.

(50m 28s):
Now it's, I don't know. I don't see it. I don't think it gets better either. Where does Randall rank for you on guys you wouldn't wanna play pickup basketball with four hours a week? It's like, oh man, I'm on Julius's team. Fuck. Ah, he saw me. You know what I, he's waving me over. Ah, I, I always think it's funny is when like people just knock the NBA product and you know, there's always like this weird push. There was even an NFL push this year, even though there's a few Sundays where I was like, this wasn't that much fun. But it's like, hey is the NFL product and it's always somebody with some kind of agenda, but there's a lot of the, the NBA part of it. And I'll have nights too where I'll watch a game and they're like, there's way too much three point shooting tonight. Or why is that guy taking that shot?

(51m 8s):
And then I'll go, do you miss post up? Do you miss them? Do you watch these games? You'd be like, I miss an Al Jefferson like entry pass so bad and Randall backs guys' down. It's like, hey, it's right there for you. Right? Like there you go. If you miss it. I had this coming up later, but I'm glad you're bringing it up now. They, this became that, that that one clip went around that was like two minutes of terrible Lakers, Lakers Threes. It was, it was bad. You guys must have seen that. Right? and it was just terrible Three terrible three And people were like, this is basketball now. And I'm watching it because I'm old and I'm like, you guys don't understand how bad the nineties were. Like watching Bobby Phils trying to post up whoever watching Anthony Mason trying to split a double team like Nineties were not good.

(51m 54s):
They had a Mark Jackson rule because your post up took too long and how Slow it was. Right? And like that, remember that Cleveland team with Brevin Knight where they ello like his whole goal? No, remember he slowed it down? Slowed it down to try to have like 65 field goals. A game like there's 90 Now. I hope there's one person in this audience that's YouTubing Brevin Knight possessions. No, someone in the back like finally Brevin Knight is been No, but I was thinking like that clip sucked. All right. Yeah. That and if you show that clip this and there's plenty of games, there's some DeAngelo Russell Warriors games where I go, I might have to take a year off from this team before they get rid of him. But then I think like, okay, what are you talking about that you miss? and it, there was no movement so much slower.

(52m 35s):
Like even last night's a nice reminder, and I hate this, this is my thing, but somebody posts one clip of a Piston's hard foul and they act like that was every fucking possession of every game from like 1978 to 1996. And you're like, actually that's just a really hard foul. And we thought that was hard when it happened at the time. And then you're watching guys cut and how physical even last night's game is we two teams. Yeah, we were with two teams that wouldn't even be suggested as like, oh those are the two most physical basketball teams. The guys are so much bigger, they're so much fat. Like they're hitting each other off the ball. The game is so physical and yet these dudes on TV just never want to admit that It might, it, it might be as tough even if there's more space.

(53m 18s):
Somebody did a study about how much more running there is now and it, it's, I just think basketball I've about it. Those have four sets. It's way harder to play basketball now. As Great as that stuff and, and how much we can get nostalgic over it. Like I'll watch a Celtics playoff game from the eighties once the ball is crossed, half court, Everyone stops. Everybody Stops. There's times I'm talking about like big playoff moments where they're not picking somebody up who has the ball in transition. Yeah. They're letting them because there wasn't, you know, the, the, the, I would say the lengthening of the court or the threat of deeper shots. 'cause people just didn't take shots back then the way they do now. But they would just almost let people get in to setting up what they wanted to do.

(54m 1s):
And I would challenge anybody like go watch some of that stuff for 30 minutes And it's hysterical how different it actually is in the way people talk about it today. Yeah. We have a league where somebody's trying to win the fourth MVP and he is shooting 52% on threes and his tennis assist and he is a center. People are like, this sucks. And everyone forgets that the mid two thousands when we, we actually, it was like a crisis with the pace of the game and just how much it sucked to watch that they had to change these rules. Anyway, next one for the, the warrior skill. We just gotta get it over with Jamal Murray.

(54m 41s):
Listen, we're all friends here, let's talk it out. I don't want this to be like the Sopranos intervention where somebody charges me. Let's just, let's talk it out. Jamal Murray, how worried are you Not as worried as you are you I don't know if I'm bad at it or you are dangerous. But you went in and you were like, I don't think he's moving well and I went, I he's not peak Westbrook so it's, it's always a bit shifty into his, His spot. I studied a lot. I studied how he was walking. He couldn't, he couldn't stop talking about him. He actually, I think the quote was, he's not the same anymore. And I went forever and then he goes now.

(55m 23s):
So We decided So that doesn't even, no that was a game. Doesn't have it right now or doesn't have it anymore. Right. Are two separate things. Right. But you said so we're right now because he looks slow, he doesn't look like he's in the same shape. He was bad last night. It was bad to see live. He walks, I'm gonna do some walking for the crowd. Oh Here we go. He does. He just looks, looks creaky. Like I, you know, I want my guys to walk around the court like guys making 40 million a year with their chest out. I just was, I just was worried. I left the game thinking that guy doesn't seem a hundred percent healthy. To me that was that I.

(56m 3s):
Don't know if I'm right or wrong, but that was what I saw Beginning of last year when he came back it looked different 'cause he was coming off the injury. Right. Yeah. And then I think you could tell when it, when you know you try not just go by like, oh he is scoring more. Everything is fine now but he's a tougher one. I'm not as good at this as you are. I'm admitting I I can't 'cause he is not somebody. So what? It's not like I have my own CBS show where I'm like the mentalist Would you turn it down? NBA A mentalist, that sounds great. The two here are the two things I noticed that he used to have that Elevator pitch. Doesn't seem to have the same way when he's going coast to coast and he is going fast and he's got the defender on his hip. He always had like a little super blast where he could get ahead of that guy and get his shot and he doesn't seem like he totally has that yet.

(56m 49s):
And then he has that little where he goes to his right, that little 12 foot or the Chris Paul shot which always used to go in and was like his kind of like that was his shot and it's not going in anymore And. it doesn't seem like he has the same lift on it. So that's just what I saw in person. We'll see if it's fixed but it's if you're the nuggets like your ceiling depends on what happens with him over the next four months. 'cause you know what you have with the other guys. Yeah. And he is been so great and huge playoff spots. Everybody knows that And like when you can do that, that tells me everything about you. That even if you don't have the accolades of the other guys, I think the no all-star team thing is completely overblown. 'cause if you go through it like every single year Yeah it's a million guards where he was and when he was healthy and when he wasn't the other guards that made the team.

(57m 29s):
It's, it's not as egregious as it's always pitched. Every time it's a national broadcast, which seems to be some rule. Like Jalen hurt, squatting, you have to bring up the tree. Jamal Murray hasn't made an all star game. But What are the other ones like that? Well the all timer was Kershaw and Stafford went to high school together. Oh that's a good one. Jim Harbaugh and John Harbaugh brothers What? Russell Wilson one? Yeah. Did you just yell Russell Wilson. Nice. Trying to throw us off. I have a, I'm an eight and a half for Jamal Murray for Word Put me down as a 6.5. He's too young. Hes too young. You're always conservative with this. I'm always like more panicky and you're more conservative.

(58m 11s):
Yeah, yeah. And be George Philly just as a group removing all your whatever. I'm like an eight and a half. See I think you're right. I this is why it's an eight, it's not a 10. Okay. The pelicans are an 11. Yeah. Philly there is, despite the time we just been talking to 'em, there's a version of it coming together. Well the thing is they only have to be like the 10 seed. That could be 34 wins With Maxi George Embiid. Yeah. McCain and McCain. Yeah. They have talent. I mean Ure who I can't stand has been pretty good for them for a couple years.

(58m 53s):
I'm not crossing 'em off and he's, it's not great. Like when re has to play somebody tough defensively with all that length, like he's, he's into it. He's kind of a different cat now so I gotta give it to him. So at least with Philadelphia, as bad as it is, it's kind of like the Clippers thing. Yes it's a huge worry but.dot do now. It never worked out for them and maybe it doesn't work, the odds are against Philadelphia but there's something, there's in place where I don't see why they couldn't put together a couple months and we start talking about them being like, hey that's gonna be a weird, that could be a weird one Eight. Here's why. Why eight and a half might be low because Embi was in the Olympics, looked slow, looked creaky, do his walk. That that one would be tough. I don't know if I could do that one Then before the season it's like we're taking it easy with him but he is doing great.

(59m 38s):
His knee's good. Sign the extension. That was a red flag. I was like why did you grab that extension so fast? That was weird. Then it was the ESPN sent who was at Bond temps to write the big feature about their whole master plan for it's all about April, may and June now. I was like, that's weird. Why are they telling us that? And then all of a sudden indeed not playing tonight it's like, ah, the season started. That seems like a problem. And then he played, he looked terrible, then he got hurt, then he was mad at his team. The team meeting happened. We haven't seen him since Suspended. He got suspended for Shoving only.

(1h 0m 19s):
He aint got in a fight with the reporter or not the fight but the, the shoving thing. And then I saw today another red flag. Embi is ramping up. What does that mean? It generally means you've been disappointing. What other life parents Should start using it? How's Doug ramping up for this summer? Like if my son's grades, if I'm like Hey Ben, how are your grades? And he is like, yes I'm ramping up but how are your grades? As long as you're ramping up. Like how's it going with the ladies?

(1h 1m 0s):
I'm ramping up. So you're single Lamella ball worry scale. Where are you Really high. You're high is high 30 a game. He's second in the league in scoring and I'm worried now I know there's a large segment, not the great city of Denver. Never want to hear Bill and I talk about Lalo speaking of Scoot takes and that's totally fair. I didn't like the Australia footage. Dunno how many times I can say it. Having said that, he's a incredibly talented guy at that size. The passing the, I talk about the time like his size, the start, stop, start again thing is is just stupid.

(1h 1m 42s):
But when I watch the games and I see like he took 35 the other night and I'm like, you know what's not a good shot is a one foot three from 30 feet out with 16 seconds left in the shot clock. And I think when you're allowed to just do that forever 'cause he is their attraction. He is kind of the Trey Young thing in Atlanta where this may not be great but the kids love him. I wonder now on another coach who was supposed to be the guy and by the way when he benched him in that Nets game, I don't think it was about the fourth quarter 'cause I went back, I was like, where is the moment where Charles Lee's like I'm benching you in a tight game. He made nine more substitutions in under four minutes. He was subbing in for offense. He was subbing in for defense and he never put La Melo back in the game.

(1h 2m 25s):
Hmm. And I thought it was about the overall approach that he has to have. He's obviously more talented and a more productive player than I thought he would be before the draft. But I think there's a tendency of like he just kind of gets out there and does his own thing. I think it sucks to play with and I think it's losing basketball and this is a habit that he has to break to be something in this league other than just a box score guy. Year five, good stats, bad team guy. He's probably the captain and His stats are awesome. Stats are great. Like Even even with the bad threes, like look at the three point, like the numbers. He's a better shooter in the NBA now than he was at any other level like And. it was immediate. I've made this joke before and I'm gonna make it again.

(1h 3m 5s):
His destiny might be social media 15 years from now with clips of people saying La Melo ball was a problem. And just like a one minute highlight tape of crazy shots he made. And that's where we land. We'll see Next one worry scale a Stringer Avon situation with Franz and Paolo. When Paolo comes back, are they gonna be in the balcony together? Franz is like, this is kind of my team now Here's why I'm not worried about it at all because when you watch Palo at Duke, he actually wanted to get other guys involved even though he was clearly the best player. He was gonna be the number one pick. Yeah. So he likes this.

(1h 3m 45s):
Palo is totally fine getting other people involved, which is why I like him. Probably. I mean when ign yamas in his own planet, right? But Paolo, to be that good, that young and not have to have the seven year run of, I guess I have to kind of find a way to play with other people like that's in him already. So with this Fran, I think this is just a nice Franz reminder tour of what he is and how pissed people got the Cavs series. So I I'm not worried. I think this is actually one of those weird injuries where it may be better for the rest of the magic. It certainly helped Franz. Yeah. 'cause he Olympics wasn't great for start of the season. Wasn't great. The cab series people were acting like he sucked.

(1h 4m 28s):
I was one of them. No, it's good. Orlando's on my radar. Good. I I'm the most worried about the Cavs in the east obviously. 'cause I think they're really good. But I think I would put Orlando next for teams I'm worried about because if Franz keeps up this for Boston or in general for Boston. Fran Franz keeps this up. The Boston threats are Cleveland, Orlando to you. I think Orlando 'cause of the defense and because if Franz can be the second guy that you never know who's gonna have the 35 point game. I'm not as, I just can't be as scared of Milwaukee with the, with not knowing what I'm getting from Middleton. I just don't know if we're ever seeing No, But it's to see that they turn it around 'cause Giannis has been insane and The Knicks are honestly just not good enough defensively.

(1h 5m 13s):
It's never worked when once you get to round three, round four, you have to be able to get stops and I don dunno if they can next one worry scale. LeBron going 89. Kareem on us as this year goes along. Revisit 89 Kareem for those that don't remember. So it was 36 years ago was the farewell tour season. Kareem was amazing. I mean he was, he had one of the most amazing careers in any sport. He was the finals MVPI think in 71 and 85. In 87. They ran the biggest play of the game for him in game four.

(1h 5m 54s):
He made it, he got fouled 88 pi at series. Biggest play of, of the entire series they ran for him. He was like 42. So he, he was an amazing aging player but he was obviously old and then all of a sudden, 89 it was grim. It was, it was bad. And LeBron like, he Put up 29 to then offensively he can still do it. The defense is, you can't even call it defense because he is not playing it. So he's basically, he's become a DH in basketball and you still play pickup. And I think you have a lot of pride in your pickup. I you are trying to figure out how to be insulted by that.

(1h 6m 41s):
I had a run and pick up when I was in my early forties where I really tried to keep it going. And then eventually you start learning all these tricks to survive in a pickup game when you're old. And LeBron's doing a lot of those tricks now where I'm like, I used to do that where he'd be like on defense Under The basket where he is just kind of doing this and then no, get that, get that guy and and he is just not covering ground. This is the worst comparison you've ever made. Thank you. Look, I can tell when somebody's trying to conserve their energy At a basketball done without because I did it without comparing it to your pickup game in the forties.

(1h 7m 25s):
I'm An only child. What do you want? I hope someone that despises you tweets that you said this at this show tonight with no context whatsoever. I might even Retwe it. You know what I mean though, playing These people. I know exactly what you mean. I know exactly what you mean, but it's Just, you're supposed to be my friend on stage and now you're undermining me. Well I think it's always good to be, you know, every now and then I gotta, I gotta disagree. No, but you know what I mean though. When the people What you mean don't move. I know what you mean. But I mean if I said like, Hey man, I always hit the cutoff guy in softball. Nobody trust me. Is somebody that tried to do that a few times. Like I was trying to explain why Mike, Mike Tyson, do you still Tyson move On defense and pickup?

(1h 8m 7s):
What's that? Do you still Move on defense and pickup? I mean it depends on, I usually will, like if you make three, I'm like, shit like Matt liner's kid just destroyed me a couple weeks ago. So how many years left for LeBron in your opinion? Well, everything you said is right, but don't you feel guilty holding him to a standard that we shouldn't hold him to? Well It's year 22. Yeah, that's What I mean. So I mean some of this defensive stuff he's been, he's been doing for a while. I mean he's had the worst defensive assignment for years, which I think is smart to try to pace him. I mean, but Now they have Austin Reeves and connect out there too. And it's like, ah, And dangelo Russell. dangelo Russell, Russell, Russell now to lock it down.

(1h 8m 48s):
Now he's Got John Marin. Anybody, I, I think I'm at a stage and I I've, I've talked about this before but I'm, I'm with you. Everything you said is right and when Denver played him, they had LeBron's guy stay baseline. So LeBron was the baseline help kind of in the dunker spot and they were running these cuts like it was a handoff at the high post and then somebody would cut down off of it and LeBron just never ever it over. Yeah. And you're like, we're just gonna keep doing this over and over and over again. He's had some tough fast break defense plays too. What, What, what did, I mean I thought he'd be, I thought he'd be on TV three years ago. You know, I guess go back to 2010 and we're talking about him and holding him to the standard defensively. So this part I actually feel guilty about even though you're right.

(1h 9m 29s):
I guess My reaction is based on the, the dialogue about him heading into the season and all the people in the media were like, he's still a top five guy. The answer is no. Next. Where do you have him in your top 100? He was not in the top 20. Whoa, that seems low. I'm sorry. I like defense. Do you have Rudy three Nest wor next worry scale. You still have worries? I have one more. Alright. The Celtics ending up with a crappy owner. Oh, all right.

(1h 10m 9s):
I'm, I'm laying out. Let's talk this Out. Well no go. 'cause this is your world. This is your, I don't know What's gonna happen. You're like an owner's insider. I am always nervous when I have a good owner and now I don't know what I'm getting with the next owner. I'm just gonna naturally be nervous about that. So I'm like a seven. What if the next guy comes in and it's like a arod mark Laurie's situation. They're like, Hey, we gotta trade towns. We gotta trade towns. He's too expensive like that. That's the shit that starts happening. We have the wrong owners. What if it's John Henry? Those guys have won. We're moving on.

(1h 10m 51s):
This episode is brought to by Uber Eats it's football season and Uber Eats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites. This week score a free medium, two topping Domino's Pizza with minimum purchase only on Uber Eats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day and deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more. Order Uber Eats now for game day terms, taxes and fees, the app for details.

(1h 11m 15s):
This episode is brought to you by Uber Reserve. You know it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to Hope Squeeze the most at traveling. Especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve you'll get an assigned driver, you get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.

(1h 11m 51s):
This is an ad from Better Help. Better Help has improved therapy, making it affordable and convenient and now it's even better. Sign up for better help between December 3rd and fifth to get one free month of therapy. Take a breather from the hectic nature of the holiday season. Better Help can help you pause and take care of yourself. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons between December 3rd and fifth for one free month of online therapy. That's better help.com/ Bill Simmons HELP. Better help.com/ Bill. Simmons valid for new US customers only.

(1h 12m 29s):
I'm gonna save Rather Have right now because I wanna get to your top five movie TV girlfriends. I asked Illa, we're gonna break Up the slide show, break Up the hoop of the little Pop culture, five movie TV girlfriends that when you watched the show or the movie, you were like, I'm in. Well, Meghan Marcus is available again, right? Is she available? Can you believe, is That the word in the street After? I think that podcasting didn't work out. I think she's still married though.

(1h 13m 10s):
No, but it was, it was a, we played in a celebrity flag football game together. And. it was all of the swimsuit models, so nobody was really paying any attention to Markle. So I was like, that's my lane. Like she's probably, she's probably downing herself a little bit right now and she's never been more obtainable. And then, I mean I caught the game winning touchdown over Dion Sanders, no big deal. And I was like, yeah, you know, I shot her a dm. She dmd shot her at dm. Yeah. And then somebody was like, do you know who she's dating?

(1h 13m 51s):
I was like, I don't know. I don't pay attention to any this stuff. And it didn't work out and no, it's the funniest thing. And so then the joke kept going. 'cause when Pierce Morgan would lose his shit about it, I would always quote Tweet above him, be like, it gets better, man. Like don't worry. And I was basically only doing it for like Sarah Walsh and Carissa Thompson because they knew the story. They thought it was so funny. So like nobody really knew what the joke was. And I kept doing it over like, again, I don't do it that often, but maybe once a year Pierce Morgan would have some other Meghan Markle thing come up. And then I would just be like, don't worry dude, I'm here if you need to talk ever. And he never responded. And the funniest person, the, you would never guess this, the funniest person ever to reach out to me after one of those Pi Morgan tweets was like, dude, what is wrong with you?

(1h 14m 35s):
She's not that great. Like, have you paid attention to this hairy thing? Like you're way better. And first of all, you realize she wasn't gonna go out with me. Right? So there's that part. Jeff Van Gundy. Come on, come on. Jeff Van Gundy texted me to tell me that I was better off without Meghan Markle. That's a thing that actually happened. And I was so, like I was at home solo and I'm, I'm on, you know, I'm like what's Van Gundy want? Because I don't, we don't text a lot. And I was like, oh no, he thinks that Pierce Morgan tweet is real.

(1h 15m 17s):
So then I had to explain the whole thing to him and he was like, I've lost interest now. Then Mark Jackson texted hand down man down I, don't think Mark Jackson. I don't think he was ever gonna text me after that. That one monologue that I did where I was like, why does everyone keep asking why he's not getting a head coaching job? And I just went through like a 10 year timeline. So not, not on your speed though. The thing is too is I loved him. He said Johnny, wait One more question. Yes. What was the DM to make a Margot? Was it like, was it like what Shaken? It was not what Shaken? How Are you? No it was really, it was a, Hey It's Ryan. No, it was a soft, very soft sell. It was, Hey I know the new season of Suits is coming out if you ever want to come on the show.

(1h 16m 1s):
Oh, show of those Promot. Oh come on the show. Yeah, it was really professional. Mm And it was like a gauging of interest. Like if I got an emoji back, who knows? And I didn't. It was ice cold. It was, oh I don't know anything about sports, but thanks for the offer. Next one. So Mega Marco. Who else? Well Is it weird to go all the way back to the Goonies? No, I left the movie theater in love with that girl. Does anyone know what I'm talking about? Not, not the one with the glasses but the other one. Like yeah, I don't, I don't know what the deal was but Just never happened.

(1h 16m 42s):
Yeah. And And who was that? Brolin. Was Brolin the bad bro? Brolin might have stepped in. Yeah. I Was like, what does she see in him? He had a car though and I think I was like 10. So I think that was the first one where like I went to a movie and felt a little different after I left. Yeah. You know what I'm saying? You don't know what the hell's going on, but you're like, right, why do I, why am I looking at Bob Magazine at the CVS the next week with her on the cover of that? So that's one. Did you have ones that I we, we don't have a slideshow for this, right? Because this now feels incredibly awkward. No, after I told the Marcole thing, slideshow Would've been good. My moment for that was the Charlie's Angels Hawaii episode.

(1h 17m 23s):
I was like, I'm just a different person though. What about the town? Alright, let's just get to it instead. 'cause I don't, I don't. So Blake lively in that movie. Like I had a stretch where I was in Boston where I would see the Blake Livelies and It's one of the most accurate characters in the history of movies. When you guys do the Oscar revisit thing, have you ever nominated her for like supporting actress? I mean we don't even need to. It's just a given. She nails it because she's so dangerous. She's the worst idea ever.

(1h 18m 5s):
And you know that you're in and I thought And has a kid. So with One of the most dangerous gang members in town, I love Kids. I love kids. So if somebody's smoking, We're in Denver, everything's possible. I think she might be back there smoking. She would smoke in the car When she met your parents the first time, the reason why she was modeled, she was modeled after these girls that like none of us really knew how to talk to. But at the same time, like you never, I wanted to date one and have every one of my friends tell me how terrible it was. I wanted to lie to my parents that I wasn't seeing anybody and I wanted to date her all the time. And I wanted to go up to like Medford.

(1h 18m 46s):
I wanted to go to these dangers. Like I went to Revere one night when I was in my twenties to scope this out. Like I was like, I'm going to revere. I just wanna see it for real. And I was like, I think I'm gonna get my ass kicked here tonight so I'm gonna have to leave. So it never really quite worked out for me. I knew what kind of hair was gonna be like a bad dye job. Like sort of a Jennifer Aniston thing that was weight outta style. And then the streaks that weren't blended properly. 'cause she went to some cheap place in a strip mall. Like I had a, I was like look, I'm on TV for the Celtics. There has to be some like oh he gets, he gets fucking great seats. Yeah. You know, but I was losing my hair and I was losing my confidence a little bit. So never happened.

(1h 19m 27s):
She's still the ideal though, right? I think I have a little different standards now. Should we tell the story about when we met? Yeah. 'cause that guy, that guy, that Guy would've loved the Blake Loudly character. That guy. I actually was, to be totally honest. There was one deal that was sort of close and I got dumped because she got on a reality show. Really? I wasn't bummed out. That was the best thing is that you know, it's bad for you and when you get dumped you don't even care like A cable show or a network show. No, it was like fairly, fairly popular. A prominent show. Yeah. And then when she was, I was like, you you didn't even win.

(1h 20m 7s):
Now you want me back? Yeah. So we met, do You remember it? Oh yeah. He tell that story. Well it was, it was the first great Celtics moment in nine years. It was the game when the playoff game against the Nets game three where they were down like 25 came back. Really ugly game but really fun And. it was, everyone was just so happy. The Celtics had a nice happy playoff moment. It was like, it just literally nine years is forever. and it was a day game and everyone went out And. it was one of those just drunk, drunk, drunk Boston days. And that's where I met Illa and he was not sober.

(1h 20m 52s):
It wasn't that game. I thought it was No. Was it a different game? It was a Pacers playoff game. You're Right. That was the weak. It was the weak. That was Also a great game. That was the Paul Pierce over. I knew it was a playoff game from back then. So are You sure it wasn't that night? I think I might be right. No, 'cause you were getting married that week. You're right. And I had just started at that station, the zone in Boston. Yeah. And you had just left and gone onto other things and so we had just kind of missed each other.

(1h 21m 32s):
Like just missed each other. He came on like did a phoner. He was, he was nice enough to, to find some time for us. And then I hadn't actually met him and a bunch of my guys from Vermont came down 'cause it was like the first time I had ever been able to like do my friends a favor with a hookup. So I got us like four seats in the suite and like you know that age you're just gonna get after it 'cause your friends are in town. And then I was like tight white T-shirt. I mean I looked like an extra that I remember the Outsiders and Bill's there with like his soon to be wife. I think her parents. Your parents. Oh it was at the fours I think.

(1h 22m 13s):
Was it the fours? I have a completely different Memory. And so he was down down. This is great. It's like, And I was like, well we're colleagues so I'll go say something and I was just like, hey the eth cliff slocum trade for Vertech and Lowe was the best since Andy Dufrene bought that rock hammer from Redline Man. I'm like, that was, that was something else. You know? And I've got like a Coors Light and I'm like, you know like yeah well we're getting married tomorrow so you were nice. But it was, it was over And I, I didn't, I realized 30 seconds later after it was over I was like, oh I guess this is over now.

(1h 22m 54s):
And that was the beginning of this. It's funny. That's not what I remembered. This is what happens when you get old. You have these memories and then they morph into a different memory. It, it'd be really weird if we had met after that Nets game and then the, but I know where I was after the Nets game. Can we play some Rather Have right now? Yes. Yeah. I got a list. I'm excited And beat or Kawhi. Who would you rather have? I Have the same one down for you. That's hilarious. Embiid. 'cause he doesn't have a ring. I think I would Rather Have Embi too. What's the Kauai argument?

(1h 23m 34s):
My Clippers guy was telling me Kauai's coming back before. Is he ramping up Before Christmas up? And he is up? I think he's ramped up. He's ramped up ready to go. But I don the Mbbi thing just doesn't feel like it's headed toward a good place. Right? Like what, what? Give me the best case scenario for the indeed situation. Like comes back, he's like, you know the team meeting, I really, I did some soul searching. He needs to follow the Dunking model. He has to get lighter. All right, Well that's not gonna be this season. Zion or Trey. Yeah, it's actually Trey. I mean it's Zion thinks. Can you believe that you were like Zion's number one guy.

(1h 24m 17s):
I'm no longer his number one guy. What about Zion or Jah? Jah. August. What you have said Jah. See to though Shaka and Willie's That was here, right? Should we have done the live show at Shaka and Willie's? No. Oh, I know a guy. Barely is Jesus. See I had John the gun. Jah or Halliburton? Jah or Halliburton. I think this room's a little high on Jah. I'm still in on Jah.

(1h 24m 57s):
He's, he's awesome. But I mean he basically said the other day he's gonna stop dunking. That seems alarming. Yeah, Because I Do, I would like, every time I'd watch him I go, I I I love this And like those grizzlies like spikes that didn't really amount to anything 'cause they were always hurt. Like they put together some really nice stretches. Yeah. Like maybe this five. And I think the front office does a really good job with everybody. But I thought there was like a jaw Zion off the court thing. Did you see Zion hit up that ring girl from Alabama? I did. Well I guess the question for me is if they, they who knows, Maybe I could take a couple lessons If they could get out of the Zion contract after this year.

(1h 25m 41s):
Do you do it is a question. I can't believe we're even asking. But I think it's serious. But a serious question. He's Be reevaluated in two weeks so I'm excited for that. But that story today that the pelicans aren't gonna wave him. Like there's sometimes you're like maybe this isn't really updated information. Like no shit. You're not gonna wave 'em right Next. Rather Have. Oh, Nick or Jaden Daniels. Jayden. I agree but can you believe this is an argument?

(1h 26m 21s):
No, But Bo Nicks looks like Drew Brees like, it's like Peyton has just sprinkled Drew Brees Kool-Aid all over him for eight weeks. Well Think about this like McShay and I did this two weeks ago of the, alright, so it's six quarterbacks in the top 12 panics hasn't played. JJ was hurt. So we've got Caleb, we've got Jaden, we've got Drake, we've got Bo. And if I asked you right now, hey if in five years any one of them were the best of this group, it's all still on the table, Right? Except it's not. 'cause it's gonna be Drake May.

(1h 27m 1s):
Hey, I'll fucking leave Drake May's amazing. I'll say this with Nicks. I watched that Jets game, would he have 60 yards and the bad weather and the Jets kicker missed the field goal and the Broncos somehow won. It was before the Broncos turned the season around And. it looked like he was gonna be like out of the league in three weeks. And you watch the guy the last couple weeks and he just looks completely legitimate. Like he can make every throw. He runs around, he'll make like two mistakes. But I like his leadership. I like that he gets in fights with the other team, starts barking at defensive lineman and That Max Crosby highlight. Gotcha. He just has it.

(1h 27m 41s):
I I don, I think he's got it. I think he's got charisma. I like him. I don't know what the ceiling is and that, I know he is like 25 and maybe this is the ceiling already, but he's, he's a, he's an average to above average starting quarterback's. No question. I'm serious. So like, if he ends up being like a real guy, you know what I mean? You know what we're talking about here. Signing up for 10 years. I, you know, I don't know if we started counting Super Bowl rings here, but he answers your quarterback question for a decade, which is really what you're hoping for with, with any of these guys. You may have to just start drafting guys and be like, how many games have you played? You haven't played 50 in college, right? We, we don't want anything to do with you because they, well how many reps did he get wrong?

(1h 28m 22s):
And when you look at how many games he's played, how many games Jayden's played, like, and maybe it's just trends and it all kind of changes year to year. But it seems like there's real value and avoiding and at least avoiding the guys that have like 25 starts to their, their career in college. The situation piece which everyone talks about. I mean he, he came into an incredible spot too, which can't be understated, right? Like Sean Payton is like, I'm taking this guy 12th, I'm making this work. I'm going to turn him into a qb. This is, this is all I care about. And it actually happened. I also thought it was, I think he's gonna be, he's gonna be in the playoffs. Yeah. Like and when he got knew it was Sean Payton, then it kind of turned into a thing where it was like, oh, so Bo Nicks can do this but Russell Wilson can't.

(1h 29m 2s):
And I just wanted to be like, maybe Bo Nicks isn't the most annoying human being in the NFL. What did you have? Alright. Mathre or Peyton Pritchard. Let's just say IHI handed in a ringer 100 top players list today. No you didn't. Oh, not only did I, I put him in the eighties. He's been incredible. He's the best. He's the best bench guy in the league. He's been awesome. I mean there's met when I was going through my top 100 and doing it and I was looking at like, you know, just all the different things you wanna prioritize or are there any secrets in here?

(1h 29m 48s):
Some of the metrics stuff for Pritchard. I'm like, how is he, he's up here with these guys. And by The way, white's white got scratched the other day and I was like, Pritchard's going off man watch. And he had like 29, I can't believe you're not in on this. He's been, he is been the best bench guy in the league. It's 20 games 80th best player in the NBA. It's a 350 player league. It's in the top quarter Or four 50 McCain or Scoot Pass. Okay. We don't pass. Tina How about Tatum or S-G-A-S-G-A Really the advanced stuff is like, You used to be on the Tatum side of that.

(1h 30m 39s):
Mm, no I love Tatum. I I think Tatum doesn't get enough credit for, sorry to steal your routine here but His, his setting the table like even some of the bad shooting nights through the playoffs last year, like watching those, you know the Curry MVP thing in 15 to this day is gonna bother me the rest of my life when I die. I hope the first thing someone says will be, he was still really mad about Iada getting the 2015 MVP because everything that happened was dictated off of what they were doing to Curry. Like Yeah. You know, and I got it because LeBron was held to 40. And so when I think about Tatum's impact versus all the other people that benefit from it, I think that part of Tatum's game isn't discussed enough because he also, you know, can be a bucket whenever he wants.

(1h 31m 29s):
But the SGA thing is, it's kind of hard to deny some of the advanced stuff there that he's just at a double level than Tatum. I have Tatum Sled Edge. Alright. Shocked. Hey listen, I, I had SGA over him. I thought the last month Tatum played was the best. I've seen him play on both ends. Everything he's doing I, I just feel like he's gone to another level. His shot, he fixed it rebounds. He plays hard every night. I just think it's harder to find six, nine guys than Guards. Is He's East Coast Yoic? No, I would never say that. Played Center on Defense in the NBA finals. Played point guard on offense. Yeah it isn't Does he love horses?

(1h 32m 10s):
I got one for you. Jordan Pool or Draymond Green as a roommate. I think that would be a fun one for road Trip Jordan Pool on my basketball team. Probably Draymond Green Dinner. Interesting. Maybe Draymond Draymond definitely might have A couple good stories. Yeah. How about Ohtani or Connor McDavid? Gimme mc. Jesus I think I agree. I started like putting Oilers games up on while there were NBA playoffs games and I had to, I had to turn off mc Jesus 'cause I would turn back to the NBA games.

(1h 32m 53s):
You haven't Watched this. You were like missing it. I Was like I haven't watched 20 minutes. I have no idea what happened. Anthony Edwards or Drake May. I don't care about the Patriots anymore. So Post Brady don't care. Ant a hundred times outta a hundred. Drake May has it. You've heard me. Did you say any of these things about Mac Jones? He is comparing him to rookie Mac Jones is insane. He's so much better than Mac Jones there. Mac Jones had a good first three months. He was good. I remember Level a Little Mac is giving off early Brady Vibes. It was 2001 Brady Vibes. That's What, that's why I said earlier. Game Vibes game Band.

(1h 33m 34s):
I always love that. Amazing. It's a great paint manning rule. And I, I need to do these. I'm gonna track these, maybe write a small book on it. But whenever a rookie QB has a million interceptions, they're like, well Peyton had 30. I'm like okay, I guess he's gonna be Peyton Manning And anytime a quarterback didn't do a ton but they just won games. You're like Tom Brady 2001. Like great he'll, I guess he'll be Tom Brady. You or me here. I got a couple left, I got like two Left. Go ahead. Mobley or Lively Mobley. You like lively that much? I just wanted to see where you were at with it. I'm still, I kept my Mobley position. But You're aware he's not going to be like that, right?

(1h 34m 16s):
I'm not giving up. I'm an optimistic guy. We'll see. Okay. Team's playing well. How about this one? Sean Peyton or Jim Harbaugh. Wow. A lot of Harbaughs. Harbaugh's my new neighbor. Give me Harbaugh. I think I would take Harba too, but I think Peyton's done a really good job at the Broncos. Jamal Murray or Dame Lillard. Ah, I thought Malone's comments last night were pretty interesting because like Jamal was getting hunted late in the game.

(1h 35m 5s):
Yeah, like that was the primary thing that Golden State wanted to get into. And then Malone was like, I hope he knows and he takes pride in the fact and like make sure that doesn't keep happening. Having said that, Dame will be hunted defensively. He's hunted on the way to the game. So he's a, he's probably a better like peak holy shit score. But see as I say that like Dame's had more of that in his career but those Jamal playoff games are a huge deal for me. So Jamal and the age thing I would take Jamal 'cause I, I feel like there's another level to where he can get to where Dame is, where he is now at the age he's at and who he is. Dame's a much worse ator too.

(1h 35m 45s):
It drives me crazy. Roger Goodell or Adam Silver. Well if we both picked silver, people are gonna think we're doing. Although if you picked Silver, I think people would understand why I'm gonna go with Silver just because I felt like the NFL had a stretch there. And again the commissioner's the mouthpiece of ownership so you always have to remember that. But the NFL ownership run there was just so gross and so arrogant and so dismissive of people. Like the NBA's never had a run like that. That's well put. I think if I was an owner I would Rather Have Goodell.

(1h 36m 27s):
Is that because of your but As a human being I would Rather Have Adam Silver. But if it's somebody to run my business like right now, like 'cause Paramount got bought the NFL has it out in their deal and you just know Goodell's gonna be like fucking Tony Soprano with it. Like he's like you're gonna pay us more and that's how it's gonna play out. And he's just, it's who he is. Yeah, The TV thing is a lot like college football to me. 'cause anybody that's heard this ran, I'm not, I promise I'm not gonna do it again right now. But like there has to be a point of diminishing returns of having I. Don't know Cal Play SMU in an a CC fucking game. All right, so when I look at people losing track of who's where and how dumb and imbalance the schedules are and leading to all sorts of nonsensical results from the season, it's like okay, how much further can college football push the money grab to where it maybe start turning people off And clearly you Think the NFL's there?

(1h 37m 17s):
Well No because I think the live rights thing, as we both know, you know whether it's our time at ES ESPN and understanding of being the priority, which it should have been, but they are treating it like cocaine and they are cutting it up as much as they possibly can and they're putting it on every single corner and you're like, I still have an NBC streaming subscription. I'm like, how the, how did that happen? And when they did that last round of packages, it's like they don't even care. And it's actually kind of smart. It's like why are we doing deals with two or three networks? Put it on eight and everybody will get their little piece and that'll drive up the price.

(1h 37m 58s):
And I, I always wonder if there's a moment in time where it's like we did too much of it And it actually kind of hurt it. I don know I don Dunno the Answer. I wondered that as well. And then I was so excited. There was a Black Friday game. I was like hey I apparently they could have the NFL every day of the yeah three Thanksgiving games. There was like, wait, the Raiders are playing. I get to watch Aiden O'Connell I don against a chiefs team that doesn't care. I'm in. Do you guys remember that Denver Thursday night or two years ago? Colts right? Denver Colts. I was in Vermont, I was in a hotel room. I'm watching it on my laptop 'cause I couldn't get Prime on the TV And. it was one of the worst things I've ever watched.

(1h 38m 42s):
And I remember this amazing like empowering moment where I went, I'm gonna turn this off. Yeah. Like I don't have to watch this. I think they've done a better job with the Thursday schedule this year. Thursday schedule is way better, right? It's Packers' Lions on Thursday. That's The other thing. The NL does game. The NFL is like as soon as you get a couple games you're like, we're gonna give you some really weak product. Yeah. The first We even like the Christmas games. The games are pretty good. Well, did like Casey Pittsburgh might actually matter. The nice thing about the NFL doing their Christmas thing is that Gade told us that it was because football is family. I'll say this, it it really bothered me that the NBA got rid of Thanksgiving games and that they're so scared of the NFL now.

(1h 39m 26s):
Well what About the Thursday t and t thing? Like we have to wait. That was another one basically. Now so that, and look, I used to love betting on Aaron Brooks at UVA in college when it was the Virginia Thursday night, a C thing. Like that was my shit. And that was one of the great college games. And. it was so awesome to have that on a Thursday. And now like again, don't, everyone's Just so terrified of them. But I thought the NBAI thought it was nice to have those two and instead they have 15 games on a Wednesday. You can't watch, you know, as you can't watch all of 'em at the same time. And I just I don't know, like I feel like they've moved too far away. They already got the TV deal. It's not like, oh, ratings are down. People always look through this with the NBA, the ratings are down. Well who cares? They just signed an 11 year deal.

(1h 40m 7s):
You think they give a shit like they got the money already. So put more games on times when I wanna watch, I don't even know what ratings being down means. 'cause every time it happens then the TV deal triples the previous one. I don't either. I don't know. I've never Been a ratings guy When you have them? No, I'm just like when it became like a thing about, oh, ratings are down 12%. I was like, all right, I like fastest growing show in America. Oh, that's a good one. There was a couple shows at ES PN that just were had a zero and they were ramping up or They replaced the worst show possible. Yeah, right. And then I'd be like, who keeps track of fasting show in America? That would seem like a huge deal.

(1h 40m 47s):
It's like, well if you start at zero, who can really Say either's 700 Channels? I have one more for you. Yeah. Would you rather watch nineties NBA players at the TNT desk after a Wizards Hornets game or an M-S-N-B-C panel after the election. Can I pass up both? I got one more for you. Yellowstone or Landman Early Yellowstone. There's a version of events where if I had moved out here, I would've modeled my entire thing after Rip Duly super inefficient gasoline.

(1h 41m 33s):
The wind visor hat probably would definitely get my ass kicked more than Rip did. But you know, there's sort of like we're all, you know, we can be a certain age, but this is all a little make believe, I would hope some of us. So yeah, earlier Yellowstone Rip is is really high up there for me. Although I think the, the show its tentacles went into a bunch of different directions there. I love Landman. Have you watched? I've seen the clips. I've not, I've not dug in yet. Landman is unbelievable. It's Billy Bob Thornton clearing out La Melo on the Charlotte Hornet style.

(1h 42m 14s):
He's just like, can I shoot 35 times today? And Taylor Sheridan's like, you can, and Allie Larder comes in and she's like, can I just be like a way crazier varsity blues older person version of that? And he is like, absolutely. And then I'm like, should we do stuff with the daughter that's kind of inappropriate with older characters on the show and Taylor Sheridan's like done it and then things blow up every once in a While. you, it's great. Can you, where are you with John Ham texting? Can you text him after an episode? Yeah, I would not. I would not. I, yeah, But I think that's like a, a real, you and him actually have. I would text him if I liked it, but I wouldn't be like, eh, I don't know about episode four. Well I didn't expect you to do that.

(1h 42m 53s):
That would be actually be an amazing friendship. The funniest thing is to me, like, Did you realize you peaked The, the funniest thing is Demi Moore's in this show Good For her. I actually like what Sher Sheridan's casting is awesome. You didn't Let me finish. She doesn't have any lines. Oh, I haven't watched it. I think she's had like five lines in four episodes, but they make it seem like she's in it. But she's kind of like Joel Amida on the Sixers where it's like he's that he's not playing again. So I don't I don't know whether they were doing her a favor or she couldn't be for the first five episodes or what's going on. Maybe it's, here's The deal. We want your comeback story to be this, but you don't have to do anything.

(1h 43m 33s):
I I haven't watched it. I I'm in a, I'm in a deficit here. I really liked it. But you do watch old succession episodes. Yeah. I love it. I it, I think I had an epiphany recently where it has surpassed everything else as my favorite show and like we could all go with The Wire and Sopranos and I loved Mad Men. I loved it. But there's something about succession where the show found a way to put stuff in it that it didn't need. Like I'll use a small example here and I promise not to go too long on it, but the election night episode where they already have everything they need, right? It's gonna be this close election. The Roys are gonna have to be put in a situation where they're gonna have to make this decision and call the election for Mankin and Shiva was gonna fight against him.

(1h 44m 14s):
So they got the back and forth and Tom is just lost in all of it. But the fact that in that dramatic I don't know hour long show, but in that moment it's a few minutes that Greg gets wasabi on something so that their data guy like there Nate Silver Yeah. Gets wasabi in his eyes and Greg is dumping lemon flavored LaCroix into his eyes. And in the script Greg is yelling, it's not that lemony, it's just a hint of lemon. Yeah. The brilliance to be able to write like all the stuff that mattered and that, that episode could have not had that and it still would've been a great episode. And the tension of the election night.

(1h 44m 54s):
Yeah. And now what's at stake and how wrong they could have got it and everything that develops off of that that they were like, let's just have a moment where Greg gets wasabi in the data guy's eyes. There's just not a lot of shows that would that off. It's great. So you've been Bing Succession. I've been bing Sopranos and I might have to, I I I did the full circle. I started on like right at the end of, of season four. Right. Went all the way through to finish 'cause it there was a marathon. I'm like, all right, I wanna keep watching. And I got to the end and I was like season one. And then now my and my wife is just furious now. She's like what the really again, you just did this two years ago so maybe I need to shift to succession 'cause I feel the same way about the Sopranos that you do about succession where I could just watch the same episode over and over again and just learn, find new things.

(1h 45m 43s):
You know? You know What I love when I rewatch and I think AJ was awesome. Yeah, he really was. He Was so good. Gained Good. AJ got food. That doesn't seem very nice. He didn't. No. Well let's, let's end with this. How many cities could you have actually lived in? And I mean actual cities, they can't be like, you can't say off the be path like cities that have to have at least one sports team. How many could you live there Have to have a sports team. You have to have at least one professional Sports team. So Harford's out. Yeah. Hartford's out. That's side Hartford was gonna be one of my go-tos. Well I always wanted to move to Manhattan Beach accomplished. I did want to live here. It was close, but I could live here.

(1h 46m 25s):
I love it here. Great group of friends. I've just never had a bad time coming to Colorado. So Wyoming we're over for one. I Just got that one. Thanks for me Boston and LA which I've already done. I absolutely could live here. I really like it here. What about San Antone, Texas? I'm out Chicago. The, the extreme weather, I'm out. That's why I love Boston, Seattle. If they had an NBA team, I'd really consider it. And that's, that's about it.

(1h 47m 5s):
It would take a lot to get me to leave LA just for like it was on Thanksgiving it was 70 degrees. What About where the Panthers play? Where's that? I don't know. Wasn't that the joke? So that's it. So you could move here but you would, Well once you said NBA town it screwed up my whole St. Bart thing. I didn't say NBA You could have any team. No, because I think I'm at, because some people are like, Nashville's getting momentum now. No, 'cause you guys think I bought this boat for like luxury purposes and it's actually my exit strategy. St. Bart's rye boat captain NBA pod once a week to cover the boat exercise tax from the Boat.

(1h 47m 46s):
No, it just needs something to cover the taxes. Which I know I'm not supposed to bring up anymore. But, So you'd have the boat in St. Barts I don know I've lived there. But you'd have YouTube TV. Yeah. Unless they do some weird thing of like, are you here permanently because you just keep clicking on visiting. This would all lead to you disappear And we do like an eight episode ringer podcast. Well there was, Yeah, There was a narrative thing about what happened to you. There was a south of France thing where I was looking at something on Zillow where I was like, I could just have the worst schedule ever and do NBA pods from here. Like I don't really, You don't get five in the morning. I Don't have anything telling me I can't do it.

(1h 48m 27s):
And then I think something came up and I was like, I can't, can't This What was, what was the shortest amount of time where you decided that you were flying somewhere that wasn't in this country and then you were actually going on the plane? Alright, This is actually kind of funny 'cause when I flew to Revic in Iceland, the flight from Minneapolis to Revic is like five hours. 4 45. And I was like, dude, if I meet just some smoke show from Revic, like I could just, it's not that bad a flight. It's, it's two and a half to Minneapolis from LA And then so you Could live in Minnesota, you get the timber Timberwolves. No, I could live in LA and then I could commute through and then I could be a Vic.

(1h 49m 8s):
We'd split time. You went through this thought process. I just couldn't, it was, it was like you sit in the, like I remember when I flew to Greece once, I was like all pumped up and I like turned to the guy next to me and I was like, what have we got like six, seven hours here? 'cause I was so used to the East Coast Europe thing. The guy's like 11 and I went, fuck. Like I have not mentally prepared myself for 11. So what was the fastest? So you've gone on a trip though, Right? So that was, that was the, the Iceland one. Once I sat down and I saw the thing on the graphic, I'm like 4 45. Could I, should I look at property?

(1h 49m 48s):
Yeah. And. it was all because the, i, it wasn't seven hours, it was under five And. it was really stupid. I mean all these things are stupid that I do. I I San Sebastian applying for a job. Do you tell people when you're like all of a sudden on your way to some country, do you, do you, are there five people? You're like, Hey, just FYII am I'm gonna be in Spain for a while. No, I actually was in New Zealand hop hopping on like this, this prop plane over Milford sound and you had to sign all these waivers and I was like, I probably should tell somebody. So I, I remember I forwarded my trust and Will to my brother and I was like, Hey, I'm in New Zealand. I was like, did you get that email? And he is like, what the fuck are you doing right now?

(1h 50m 30s):
He's like, are you all right? I was like, no I'm fine. I'm going Where they fill more to the rings. You were like, so SC Hunter saying gets 10%, you get 45% to Yoic say goodbye another horse. I just hope Scoot gets a second contract and he won't need any of my money. Last thing, what's your prediction for the Denver nuggets? The season? How many rounds? I don't know. I don't know what you're trading unless you just pull a plug of Michael Porter Jr. And you think it's an upgrade. You look at the Kind Of the, the contracts, it's, it's, it's Gotta Be Porter Who's, who's the impactful person that then makes you better because Gordon, like I love Gordon on this team so much.

(1h 51m 17s):
I don't know that I would, yeah, there actually there's no version of him. I would like as much as this one because of Yoic and the baseline stuff and all that stuff. But, Well the other thing is it's harder to make trades now, which I didn't, I'm still kind of figuring out the machinations. 'cause we gotta get it ready for when we start doing fake trades in about month. Yeah. But it's not even what the penalties are in place. It's the fear of what the next one will do to you. Yeah, But even also just matching the contracts and be like, no, no, you actually can't do that because you're over this apron. So you can only it it's, I I didn't get into sports to actually have to figure out fucking math. I gotta, I'll tell you that much and it's the most confusing it's ever been. But like even you look at it and you go, well why wouldn't they trade Michael Porter for Zach Levine? That would be an interesting trade. Right? And it's like, no you can't.

(1h 51m 57s):
'cause then you gotta give him Zeke Nadji. Well I'm j it's a hypothetical. Some Porter fans. Huh? Jimmy Baller Is another one. I think it's a matchup thing. Like I, I think some teams still have real like question mark. There's some teams that want to close small all the time. Like I'm noticing it more and more where teams will just like match each other with small lineups and like, hey here we go again. So it depends on the draw but they're certainly not the favorites. But here's Phoenix who's falling apart again. Well How many West teams do you really like? Because for me it's like assuming check comes back I kc, which we have no idea. OK C's the only one I feel great about. Yeah, Dallas is turning it around. They're gonna be good but I don't know if there're lot Dallas probably second qc but if were Dallas, Denver, I mean it also has to see how it looks in March and April.

(1h 52m 43s):
But I'm trying to think of a single team in the West that would be psyched to see Yoic. I'm gonna say the answer zero, but OKC would be, you know, they're just like take your 40, we'll take out everybody else. We have a way better team than you and I I don, I, that'd be a really tough one. So I would have OKC and then I, I just think it's TBDI liked Phoenix and we went big on them in the over unders and you know, Durant's been hurt twice now already. We're not even in when They're together. They're really good in December. Yeah. But it might be One of those. Yeah, One of the things I'm, I'm thinking about with this season is just do we count on these mid thirties guys too much? You know, forget about LeBron the age he's app, but do we even Curry 36 Durant in the 2007 draft on and on.

(1h 53m 30s):
And we see like the best case version of them when they're actually playing. But the season's like too fucking hard now. All these teams are good. The style of play is really hard to play and you flying up and down then you got four playoff rounds. It's like maybe you know somebody like Curry. How realistic is it that he could get through a season like this where he is carrying the burden he is carrying and then when four straight playoff Rounds. No it's not. No. Look, I want to defend Curry all the time. The second player isn't good enough. I don't even know who it is for a playoff team to get through multiple rounds in this west. Two years ago or two and a half years ago. They barely got there and they got a lot of luck. But you know, I just wonder if this is the year where it's like Boston, Cleveland, OKC, these young talented hungry teams and it's just, those are gonna be the three I think Cleveland's in the conversation though.

(1h 54m 16s):
I, I believe in them. I do. But I do think it's gonna be tough to close those two bigs and that's why they're benching Jared Allen down those stretches and I think that's what it'll look like and that's probably their best chance to not, I just don't know how you can play three out with two nons shooters in a game in the playoffs in today's league. But I'm not done with Minnesota. Phoenix is a tough gamble. Denver Denver's in that mix with those teams. You're done With Minnesota. No, it's December 4th. I'm done. If this is the roster, I'm not who Booed Boo. Thought you guys all hated Minnesota. They knocked you out last year. A Lot of, there's a lot of transplants in Denver Bill. I do not like the body language or the ball movement on the Minnesota Timber wolves.

(1h 54m 59s):
You know what I want from you? I don't like the dueling banjos. Your turn my turn. I'm out when that was When we get ready, when we do our first NBA Sunday pod. Yeah. I want your five favorite body language teams. Five favorite bad body language Teams. No. Five favorite body language teams. Oh, like raving about high fives. Oh My God, I thought Golden State was great last night there everybody was standing body language doctor noticed that. OKCI like when they all do the post-game interview together. Heartwarming Boston I think has has great stuff. Everybody's pulling for each other. You can see, you can tell which teams like each other. Looks Like you already did the segment. Be easy to prep.

(1h 55m 39s):
Hey Denver, this was great. I'm glad we came. We we got an incredible Yoic game. That was the other reason we came. He delivered. He was great to watch a person. What a treasure. I hope you guys appreciate him. We love being here. Less words. We'll see you at the gun. We will not see you at shotgun Willies. Thank you Denver. All right, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kyle Creon and Steve Saru for producing thanks to Silla for joining me in Denver.

(1h 56m 20s):
Thanks to Elizabeth Fearman as well. Thanks to everybody who came out for the show. It was great. Don't forget to check out The Ringer dot com's relaunch. And don't forget third podcast of the week coming Thursday night. Well after that, Packers Lions Game. And don't forget million dollar Picks Packers plus four and a half would love to throw for at least 200 yards with 200 K on that. That is a very, very nice Parlay minus 1 0 1 on FanDuel, wherever you can find FanDuel. That's it. I'll see you in 24 hours.