
You're listening and watching The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel our friends America's number one sports book and they've made it easier than ever to get in on the action during an NBA playoff game, even after Tip off, just look for the live SGP tab on the FanDuel sportsbook app and build your own bet slip and sit back, relax, track the outcome of your parlay right in the app. And if You don't already have it, download the FanDuel app today to make every moment more The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus on President select states game prom. Call one GAMBLER. Visit rg help com. Coming up a little Memorial Day weekend basketball talk with Ryan Illa. Next.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats. Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny Days delivery with Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well, you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken Parmesan delivered. A cabana That's a no. A banana, that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats. Order Now Alcohol and Select Markets product availability may vary by Region C App for details.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network where we have new re watchable coming for you on Monday night. It is, It lasts episode of Big S seven News Month. We did Heaven Can Wait. It was me and Van Lathan and Chris Ryan. So that's coming Monday night and you can watch on The Ringer Movies YouTube channel as well. You can watch all the videos clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel or you can watch it as a video podcast on Spotify. Ryen Russillo is next. We tape this Sunday morning before the Pacer's next game three. So it's Coming up next first our friends from Pearl Jab.


Alright, We are recording this. It is a little past 11 in the morning Pacific time on Sunday. We are not doing this after Pacer's Knicks because it's Memorial Day weekend and sometimes real life takes over the podcast schedule. I don't know what to say, but Ryan Illa is here. We have a bunch of fun stuff we're gonna talk to. We're gonna be able to talk about these playoffs even not knowing what's happening in game three tonight, which started out pretty shocking with the Pacers taking a two oh lead. I'm gonna start here. Illa, Indiana and OKC, if that ends up being our finals, what's interesting big picture is you could argue each of those teams is the team you would wanna be for the next four to five years in their conferences.


And I think the OKC is a pretty easy argument for the West, unless you wanna throw San Antonio at me. But for Indiana, the fact that we are now, I don't know, two two plus games in the conference finals, the thought of them being the team you would most envy in the East was like 50 to one odds. I would say in January, how did we get here? Look the Thunder thing, you're right. Whether it's roster or the flexibility of what all these future draft picks are gonna be and you know, look in the future draft pick stuff, sometimes it's like, oh that didn't work out and then there's like a pick in 2029 and you go, oh my God. Like I can't believe that ended up happening and you're gonna have to sell me a little harder on the Pacers.


Like this is a really nice run, it's awesome. They're up to, oh there's tons of great things I wanna say about the Pacers, but to map out the next five years of them being the franchise you want to be, you gotta sell me on that Sell. Well, so let's go, let's go this way first. Who would you rather be in the east? Gimme a team because, because I felt the same way as you where I was like, oh there's gotta be somebody. And then I'm going through the conference and I'm like, Detroit, Orlando. Hmm, Boston. No idea what their payroll is gonna look like in two years. Philly, I gotta deal with Embi and Paul George New York. This might be where we peak with them right now with these five guys that the, the first two games that they played the plus minus was an abomination.


And I don't know how that plays out over the next two years. Milwaukee, I think you throw in there as a like do you wanna pick them? Probably not. No. Yeah, I don't who else is there? Yeah, I thought about it because for all of those reasons but this almost feels like, can I take the field? Which isn't fair and it isn't the right answer but right. As great as this pacer thing is and we were texting this morning about it, I brought it up in the pod this week. Like this is really great but it's also usually not the way it works and as much fun as it is in the depth and Haliburton kind of reminding people like what he can be, it's just hard for me to be like, yeah, I want to be the team that doesn't have a top 10 player in the NBA.


Like gimme that for the next five years. I guess my question is he did, did he move into at least the top 15? He did make all NBA now there were some guys that were injured so that's not necessarily a great litmus test, but he's, he's somewhere in the top 20 to 22 I would say. And then the fact that he's found a way to raise his game in the playoffs, I think that counts for something. The fact that he's so unique with where basketball has gone, where we just don't have guards who run the show like this in the same way anymore. We have these guards that are trying to get their stuff off and you know, you gotta, the offense around them and what they do, he just kind of is additive.


It makes everybody better. And I don't think like you, you, I know you've studied at least the top five in this draft and everybody likes Harper and it seems like the Spurs are gonna take Harper. It seems all the indications are like that that pick is really not available and they're gonna take Harper and they feel good about it and that's where we're going. But I don't think he's an inclusive player like Hal, he, it's, he's more of a, the way guards have gone this decade where they score, they can also bring the ball up, they can set people up, they can run a fast break, but they're not constantly just thinking about involving everybody else. Harper definitely wants to get his points so right. Like if we were doing a, I'm not really ready for it, but if we were doing a draft conversation, like the craziest thing about some of these picks is you go, all right, even if you love Harper and you should draft based on talent, you shouldn't be drafting on fit.


Especially when you don't really know who you are but you're like, how do you play Harper off of Dre Fox? Like it's, especially if you think like San Antonio with a healthy WMA is gonna be a real player in the west and then you know, you think about Ace Bailey standing around watching those other guys and, and look, he got used to standing around because he watched Harper and played with him. So that in itself is like a really interesting conversation because we're not used to having these teams pick that, at least with Philly, we know they're established and what they want be and then San Antonio the assumption that we kind of know like who their three guys are. But yeah, you know it is, it's one of those questions where as soon as you send it to me, I just, I was like, what is he doing?


What? What are you talking about? Right? But when you run through all the known versus unknown, if the Pacers are your answer, you're like okay, that's the known. But there's also the turner part of it that you're always bringing up and that this group does not pay the luxury tax. And Turner, you know, is gonna be whatever you think of him, he's especially in this free agent class, despite the irony of it feeling like he'd been available in the trade market for years. Yeah. That he provides something to them and you know, 20 million a year in this new NBA world is probably not going to cut it, but that's like a minor issue compared to some of the other obviously like when you look at the Celtics with all this stuff, I guess I still would rather Mean, would you rather be the Celtics?


That sounds like you would Yeah, I think I would. I think I but that's gonna get weird quick. I mean the Drew part Of it, we know Tatum, Tatum's gone next year. Drew's gonna be 35, 36 Tatum. I just don't, Tatum's not playing next year. Oh wow. He's out. Okay. Yeah, yeah, sorry. Jaylen's gonna be at 60 million. This Indiana, the way they set it up, Tyrese and AKA next year are 91 million combined, which is pretty great. Normally if you're paying two guys who are in the top AKA's, you know, always one of the best nine to 10 forwards. He is never one of the best five or six, but he's always in like the top 50 for players.


So you put those two together, 91, he's probably higher than That. Yeah, I mean I'm, I know like I had a Hugeum game one thing where I'm like he has to initiate more and then he comes out and almost drops 40 on him in game two. So he was terrific but he was great. Yeah, I feel like he's what in the top 30 pretty Consistently? Well for the, usually the market, wherever you wanna put 'em, if you're paying those two guys normally with the way the current NBA structure is, that's 115 to 120 million combined for those two spots. So they're getting a discount on those two spots. Then they smartly sign Emhart to 18, 19, 20 as an extension, which is right around where his value is. I don't know where the cap's gone. Knee Smith's at 11 and 11 the next two years, McConnell's at 10 and 11, Toppins at 14 next year math's at nine and they still have Walker at 6.6 and Shepherd at 2.7.


They have all their own picks except for 26 and have the ability to, I don't know, pet either package dudes together, they have the ability to dump somebody, you know like if they wanted to trade Mathen this summer, they'll be able to at nine if they wanted to either upgrade him or try to get a vet or do whatever. So I think the flexibility is what's appealing. But you made the key point, they don't pay the luxury tax. I think the owner's like 90 and in general they've just, you know, they're like a few of these teams just don't do it. OKC is another one that we we're gonna find out how much they wanna keep this team together when these guys start getting expensive. But at least with Indianapolis, I know what I have with my top two for the next three years.


I can add around it. I might have guys coming in who wanna play with this nucleus and I'm in a much weaker conference, which I think is the other appealing thing. I'm in like the JV conference, Well that's another part of this exercise. You go through it and you're like man flag ends up in the west. You know, what if Harper's a stud? He ends up in the West Wema just a couple years ago, right? You know, and then maybe And then Atlanta's like, we'll take Che, you know who I actually do like and, and thought he showed a lot of promise as a rookie here, but when you were thinking about the lottery going like, Hey, can the East at least get flag, just try Like if he's gonna be this special and you know, we've had this happen before where it felt like there was this massive migration which really mirrors history Bill where you just kept pushing things further, further out west.


But look, I'm gonna say something that's gonna seem really stupid when they're up to, oh and they had just eliminated the calves, but I'd rather be the calves because they're three guys are better than the Pacers three guys. And I know it didn't happen in the playoffs. I could point to the injury stuff, but you know, there was some games in there too where it's like, what? What's wrong with you guys? I think Orlando is in this conversation because I think Palo's gonna be better than anybody on the Pacers. I Looked at them as well. The problem is they're already paying their top two. They, they're getting no advantage out of their young guys anymore. They've already paid the top two plus Suggs. So they're kind of all in with the team they have and it's hard to move around the margins for them, but there's definitely a case for them, you know?


Yeah. But this, This feels like one of those exercises where day of like any other answer seems like I just named the team they got rid of in five games. I mean that seems on its surface like least stupid. I don't feel good about anyone in the east. That was why I thought this was so interesting to talk about. It's so, it seems so improbable to me that Indiana would be the team you would land on, but it probably is the most stable with the most flexibility of all these teams. Even Orlando we talked about. Like I don't, I don't know how you make that team better. Your nucleus is what it is. Unless you, you either trade Franz or Palo and they're not trading Palo, but that's gonna be kind of their team and the thing that they need is for black to hit To become Right.


Well, sucks. Sucks being healthy and, and honestly like at some point you're going, should I give this guy an MVP vote? Because it's like he, like they're just not going be able to play offense now anymore. Right. And I think they got into some, look, I don't think they were the best offensive team. This has been two years of this, but they I think got into some really bad habits offensively here with this whole thing. I'm more open to it than when you first suggested, I think another thing in the Pacer's favor, if you were gonna go ahead and pick them and it just still feels like if you're picking the Pacers, you're kind of going like, all right, I, I guess I'll pick, it's a recency bias six, but they did make conference finals two years in a row. That's not nothing. That's exactly it is that this is now year two.


This is in Atlanta getting to the eastern conference finals. This isn't Dame in that Portland team, you know, whereas Dallas, right when they got there with Luca in 22, you were like, is this real? And then it's, you know, they're in the finals two years later and here are the Pacers back to back years. Just, you know, getting through the east in a way where you were like, I don't know that I've ever thought about you this way during the regular season. Like if they were really this good, you know, why were they not up there competing for, for 60 wins with some of these other teams? So The counter to that was It lasts two thirds of this season. They were on that pace. They started out bad for a bunch of reasons, but last two thirds of the season, that's why we kept talking about 'em.


We're like, this is, if you go by last 50 games, last 55, whatever, it was like they're, they're playing at the same level as all these other teams. And the odds, I remember we were talking, they were 28 to one win the East. The odds didn't really reflect what It lasts 50 games of the season were, which kind of happened last year with, with Dallas too. I think Cleveland I had on my list, Boston's a really interesting one because first of all, it depends on what they're gonna be able to do this summer. And I think they have to get under that second apron because of the repeater tax and all the money it saves, it just sets 'em up for the two years after that. But what they have to give up to be able to do that and then when do we get Tatum?


You know, and I've heard a variety of things about that, especially like how fast he got the surgery and there's stuff going around that he might be able to come back in February, March because he got the surgery so fast. But who knows? That Achilles thing seems like, it's, seems like it could go as long as a year and a half. And if you're following the Durant model, who's the most successful example of coming back? Durant was a year and a half. So if you're just doing that and you're like, look, next year is a wipe out, they wipe out next year, get under the apron and then they just try to reset around Tatum and Brown and Derek White and you know, they then they're still in good shape for this conversation too.


I think your instincts on Cleveland, 'cause there, there's some fixes for them, right? And you could talk yourself into Garland. He was hurt. He was such a huge part of what they did. Indiana caught them by surprise, bad style for them. They lost one of the flukes games in the history of the playoffs except for the other two fluky games in Indiana would, you know, they, you could talk yourself into wow that was stupid. Let's not overreact. Which I think should be the answer for them, but at the same time I still feel like they're gonna make a move this summer, don't you? I don't feel like Cleveland runs it back.


I I don't always, I always feel like everybody just runs it back. Really? Man, I feel like everybody gets every I, I feel like everybody always makes a move when the playoffs don't. You do. Yeah. Even the Celtics think about It lasts couple years. Like they, they made a move after every year starting 22, 23, 20. They, they always did something didn't, they didn't really, because they won weren't, They weren't giving up anything though. They gave up a first round pick and a Derek White Deal. They gave up Brogden and Robert Williams, they gave up in the Drew deal. They gave up, They trade. Smart smarts are smart was a big trade.


That was a pretty polarizing trade at the time. People were surprised Don. Now it seems like a no-brainer. I don't think. Yeah, I I think fans in the media were like, I think the Marcus Smart stuff was, was pretty predictable even though the fans in the media kind of was like, I can't believe, you know, they'd be getting rid of this guys. So I we're not talking, I was saying Jared Allen for Cleveland would be the one that wouldn't shock me. That's fine. But like Jared Allen still is a better player than any of the guys that we've named that Boston has shipped out here. And then if you start taking it to like the Garland level, that's a whole different thing. I mean if you're getting Drew Holiday for the package of Celtics, like that's a no brainer. The only thing with Pingus was talent wise and how it allowed them to be different made a lot of sense.


But you knew that for him to opt in to do the trade and then to give him the extension, you're like, that dude gets hurt a lot and he is missed 65 games with the Celtics and you know, do they win last year without him? Probably. I know he had some nice moments. And then of course you have this, the end of this year where, you know, watching this Pacers Knicks thing, you're just going like Pingus killed. I mean there's a bunch of things went wrong for the Celtics and I don't wanna recap that series again with you, but you're just like having, you know, here's the Pacers trying to survive with Turner and then Tony Bradley's playing now because Thomas Bryant is just not a solution. And then you had the hand thing and that's like, man, Tony Bradley's out there running around for a few minutes and you're up, you're up in this series A Knicks team that just destroyed Boston around the paint and just was the more physical and just the bigger basketball team throughout all this.


It feels like an answer. Like I'm not, I'm not sitting here saying like, you're crazy because the more you think about it, the less crazy it is. I would push back on like if you go from January 1st to February 1st that the Pacers are playing at the same level as other top teams net rating wise. It, it isn't like those other teams were, were just far superior statistical profile teams than what the Pacers were. But it does feel like it answer, I don't Dunno if I go far superior they, because they were in the top five or six for, It lasts 50 plus games. I don't know. I mean I've got it up in front of me now. OKC was plus plus Okc, Boston, Cleveland were eight above everybody. Cleveland was plus eight. Clippers are plus seven. Indiana were Five and a half.


Yeah, Great call plus five and a half, 34 and 14 in It lasts 48. I think you undersold Marcus smart a little just because how we felt about the trade versus I think what his actual value was. I think people really thought he had value when they traded him. That's why they got two first round picks for him. You know? Wow they got two first round picks plus poor Zingus for Marcus Smart. So he had to have real value. And I think Jared Allen will have real value if Cleveland decides actually our, our move might be. Okay, let's, Let's do it then. I mean do you think open market like Marcus Smart a couple years, Jared Allen right now it's the same demand. Pingus the equivalent of Pingus in two firsts for Jared Allen.


I mean the, the best thing with him is he's, I think he's 20 and 20 and then he goes up to 30, 30, 30. So it's a five year commitment to him and there's a lot of teams that need a center. I think gaffer's gonna be in demand too. I think both of those guys, if Dallas tries to trade gaffer, I think he's gonna have real value because we just see it every year. These teams like the Lakers that killed them, that they had to play Ja couldn't play Jackson Hayes, you know, going down the line. Like Milwaukee couldn't find any center to play because Lopez finally got old. Yeah, I think, let Me ask it. Let me ask you, I Have Circle as a guy that I think could move this summer. That's fine. The Allen part of it. I guess I was thinking of some of the more aggressive stuff that we've tossed around with Cleveland.


But yeah, think the Garland, I Think, no, I just think the default is, and we've already done this, but the Cavs going, Hey look we didn't have Mobley game two. You know, whatever. Like that's, that's usually I think what teams do, like if you talk to teams you'd be like, Hey, what went wrong? And they'll paint the picture of like the things that wouldn't be repeated the next time around. The problem is is you have the Mitchell history and never getting outta the second round. Yeah. Like I thought they'd figured some stuff out where I, you know, other playoff years, I'd look at them after the series was over and go do they have like just real fundamental problems? And I don't know that I feel that same way about 'em, even if history tells you the exact same team. But again, they were just so good in the regular season.


I don't know that I'd be in a hurry to be take like, it's one thing if there's a trade that presents itself where you feel like, hey, talent wise we're at the same level and maybe we're a little more malleable in the playoffs and maybe just allows Mobley to, to turn into this whole deal. But then I think you almost would need a center again instead of just running Mobley out there for like 36 minutes a night playing center. Especially with how big the league is and, and how yeah. You know, these teams are going back to playing a real center and a power forward. The thing that I would get back to like 20 minutes later here is just, is this the kind of answer where a year or two years from now you're like, holy shit. Like we even asked that question because it does feel a little like that. Well remember after you could have gone after every single year we've had for It lasts five or six and there was two teams we felt awesome about and then that was kind of the peak for us feeling awesome about them.


I would say Dallas last year was a good example. Yeah, But Dallas. Dallas looks really set. Dallas. Dallas, Yeah. And by the way, like if anybody, everybody had been healthy like in a full year with all those guys and like I thought they were gonna be a really good team in the West again this year. If they were ready to go in the playoffs, You know, pick them a as top five team you'd wanna be last summer, you know? Yeah, No question. Luke alone makes you say that. I think Denver after the summer of 23, no question. And then even after last summer, you still would've said it. And now this summer you're wondering what the hell they're gonna do because the league has shifted and you need 78 guys. Realistically they have four. So what do they do? Four and a half, depending on what they get from Porter.


But then going back even further, like they think about that Buck Suns finals, like, oh man, these teams are, these teams are set. Suns look great. And then within two years that Suns thing completely fell apart. Let me ask you it this way. If you got the phone call and it was the owner of the Cavs, the owner of the Pacers and the owner of, well we can't even put the Celtics in here. I don't think You can Orlando, it's Too much money. No. And it would, you'd be too emotional about it. You'd be like, hold on, I gotta sit down first. If if you were just the hot, like, hey man, it's, it's like Pick a roster. Pick a roster. Yeah. Peak.


Just like, look, he's been putting in the hours, the, the 20 plus years of hearing his thoughts on things like out of this NBA owners meeting down here in Tampa, Bill Simmons is the story. They wanna make this guy a GM and you've got these three teams fighting over you. Pacers Magic. Oh I let category did that. Yeah. Right, Right. And be like, all right Bill, like take your pick. I think I have won Indiana. I think I'd have the, I think I would, I think the Cleveland piece, there's the amount of money you have to shell out for the team they have with all this apron stuff I think is really prohibitive. Orlando, I, I really would have to study Orlando because I would have those three guys would have to be my guys.


I think with the Cleveland part that's interesting is you have outs all over the place. I could trade Garland, I could trade Allen and I could trade Moby. Like I have three guys that I know have real value that I can turn into multiple pieces if I have to. Whereas Indiana, I probably have less outs to blow stuff up. Cleveland, who's the third Best player on the Pacers? I Don't know but th but this is what's so crazy about this year, you're almost better off having a team like how they built it versus the traditional three guys and then a bunch of James Posey Eddie houses like that. It feels like those days are over. You know, that's why OKC, I mean they and OKC is clearly the answer in the other conference.


There's a moment with that draft when when it seemed it, it seemed like they were gonna get the seventh pick where it wasn't just they were gonna get the seventh pick from Philly, Dallas was also gonna get fucked. And they have Dallas's, I think it's like top two protected 2029 pick. So they basically lost two picks in that trade. Like two prime picks because Dallas was never gonna get back there. Lemme see I have this, they Have swap rights with Dallas in 28. Yeah in 28. Think about that. That's three summers from now. So instead of like them having this juicy swap pick at 28, they're like oh three and then on top of getting seventh pick in this draft, which would've been huge, they don't get the seventh pick.


And then Dallas gets replenished and that pick's probably not gonna be that important. But I'm not crying for A okay C because they're still pretty loaded. Some of had the 15th and 24 picks in this draft. I don't even know. I mean they have so many players. I don't even know, I assume I was trying to figure out how they could work around the fringes because you know, they have this SGA contract now he, he can either make 200, he can sign a four year, 290, $3 million extension this summer or he can wait and sign for 5 3 80 next summer. Either way he's, he's going from making 38 million to like 60.


And then Chet and Jalen Williams are both extension eligible pretty soon. I think this summer. They're gonna have to deal with that at some point. They have hartenstein 28.5 next year. And then team option on that after they have doored at 17.7 team option after that Caruso at 18, 19 and a half and 21, they have Wallace on a cheap contract. Wiggins, I assume if they wanted a trade, somebody to create some money, I would assume Dort would be the guy, right? If you wanted to send money out because you know you have to shift that money toward SGA. I think Dort would be the most expendable. And I also think Dort would have a lot of, I think a lot of value out there.


That's the kind of guy everybody's looking for. Get somebody like that for under 20 million a year. But other than that I think this is gonna be their roster. Plus they have Toch coming out, Coming up the knee surgery next year. So you could, he's gonna get some minutes from somebody. So I would assume Right, you agree with that? I think DOT's on that team next year Just give his well minutes to Wallace. Yeah, I, I mean clearly you can already see the replacement there. I don't know that Wallace and it doesn't have to be like a perfect fit because there's gonna be some stuff that DOR can do against bigger guys. As much as we've all enjoyed watching Wallace grow into a player here, we didn't even mention who's mon Jang. So I mean they unleashed that beast.


I would rather Just kept your stock, huh? I'd rather be expensive and worry about being expensive than be less talented and less expensive. We just haven't seen them have the appetite to spend would be the counter. I wouldn't, I wouldn't say they've been money. Yeah, but I think you're missing team. Like you're Throwing a lot of like, hey look at what this like is gonna be like and all the second apron stuff that we've been talking about. It lasts few weeks and all of this looming. Yeah, I mean sure it, it'd be great if you were running a team that had some flexibility but I'd, I'd rather have the talent first and then figure out what my salary's gonna look like as opposed to being cheaper going, do I have that kind of high-end talent?


But you Know, well they know but they know they have money coming with those three guys specifically the SGA that's coming that's here, that's probably here this summer. I don't know what if he's gonna pick this summer next summer for that extension and Chet and Jalen Williams are gonna be be, max guys are close I would assume. Right? Yeah, I understand all that. The Jalen Brown, right. Jalen Brown corollary on those two guys I think is gonna be hitting, although Chet's an interesting one 'cause he is already been injured twice and plays a position that usually it's a little discounting at the center position compared to the other positions for whatever reason. So maybe, I don't know. I don't know what he lands. You could tell me any number. I would believe it.


Yeah, I think he's gonna be really good if he's healthy. Mean he just has moments. I mean he took Rudy, I mean granted game three they got destroyed. Like he had a flavor like Rudy was on him and I mean he, he worked him like dunk. He was dunk a point guard dunk. Yeah. And I went, holy shit. Like he has these moments where, you know, more touches on a, on a weaker team would probably mean his profile was even higher. But there's just in the course of the way this team works, I mean he's rarely gonna be the first guy they're looking at unless the players run for him. But that just doesn't happen very often. I, I'll tell you the same thing that I've said throughout all of this, like if the Pacers end up in the finals, you know, who knows what happens there. OKC was a great shooting team.


The the kind of, I don't know like Thunder fans understand this but I was going through their shooting numbers and it really doesn't have anything to, to do with getting their As game three, but they're just not shooting the ball well at all. And Denver made that playoffs. Yeah, Denver made that gamble. And I know I think at some point we'll talk about the Western Commerce finals, but Denver makes that gamble and it, you know Sure Game seven goes the way it went so it doesn't feel like they were in it. But I mean to get them to game seven, considering what we thought of about those two teams to close the regular season and you keep trying to figure out like the offensive ratings still pretty good for them for a bunch of different reasons but this team is just not shot at well at all. And they've been one of the best shooting teams in the league and it seems like, you know, Denver was the one to go, we're just going to find a way to sell out and not trust that those guys are gonna hit those shots around you.


And for the most part they were right. So I, I don't think there is another argument though. I, I think there's probably some stuff but I feel like that is like rounding way up for anyone to pick San Antonio because of one guy versus what this roster's been from Presti. Did you see he might have grown. Did you read that story? People were studying photos of him and they think he might be seven foot seven now that he grew an inch. I hope he isn't. 7 7 7 Seven's nuts. We talked about it at the draft. I mean it's the first player I've ever heard of the agents trying to temper his true height the other way. You know, like he's Goes Seven Point, they're shooting 32.4% from three in these 14 games and it was something they've, you know, they've just been killing everybody and their defense is so great but it's also a team that if they fall behind by 20, I feel like they just can't come back 'cause they're not explosive enough.


Right. And part of the reason they fall behind by 20 is 'cause their younger guys are usually not playing well but when they fell behind by Minnesota in game three, it just feels like they don't have that same kind of explosiveness unless it comes from their defense and their defense. What did you see in that game that you felt like Minnesota unlocked anything? Well the number one rule that I always have is you can't fake desperate and if you're any good and you're down two oh and you're going home like there's just no way the other team's gonna come out of the tunnel with the same desperation that you have. Okay. Yeah. Game two Finch and the staff through the kitchen sink defensively at OKC and Finch talked about like going back and watching the Denver series because if there was one concept for the Denver series, it was like once they got settled into that zone, they're like look, if we can at least stop the first thing that they wanna do, which is SGA coming downhill at the top of the key and Denver deserves credit for disrupting that part of it.


And that's where the stuff we were talking about earlier with the gamble that you're willing to take going, I don't know if the guys around SJ are gonna hit enough threes and they still really haven't. I mean you're right like these offensive numbers, I mean 32% in the playoffs is 13 out of the 16 playoff teams, they were six best in the NBA this season. Granted, you know, the number doesn't feel like it's that big of a difference at 37%. The offensive rating is okay, the defensive rating is off the charts. It's even two points better per 100 possessions then it was in the regular season when it was historically one of the best defensive ratings a team has had based on the differential from the average defensive rating. So they've cranked that part of it up even more. But back to the original thing of like what you had asked Minnesota clearly when they were just dazed again in that third quarter, you could see like Finch has pulled Rudy, then he is put him back in, he's had 'em in drop.


I thought that they did less drop in game three when they went to Zone. They were a fucking mess. 'cause they know they don't play it. And Fin had even said like, we saw them do the zone stuff. So it was like, hey, we'll do some of that too. And then Minnesota's letting Caruso and Chet and these guys get this super easy catch that once you have that catch in the paint inside of a zone, then everybody's scrambling. And if you don't play it, yeah, then it's just, even NBA players are gonna be making mistakes being like, wait, where's like, who am I helping off of? Or if I'm helping here am I, is there somebody behind me? And so that turned out to be a disaster. So look, it's great when Ant comes out and scores 16 points. It's great when the team starts shooting threes because so many of their guys have been abysmal on the Minnesota side of shooting threes in the first two games.


But they were so much more aggressive to kind of getting back to who they are of just letting their athletes get after the ball handler. You guys, Shannon played, You love that. You know, he's older than an, he's 25 in July. Come on Young Shannon. Yeah, It's gonna take him under his wing. Even though was two years old. Hey Leonard Miller was out there being like, I'll give you the whole package son. We want. Well it sounds like, it sounds like yesterday they were just like, we need more athletes out there, Shannon. Go out there, be an athlete. An athlete. I mean the score was so one-sided being that, I don't know like any of the tactical stuff necessarily Matt, but like game two I thought was defensive desperation.


And I don't even mean that as a criticism bill. Like all right, we gotta figure something out. Like, like you could see at the very beginning of this series SG a's like, oh shit, I get to drive again. Yeah. And it was like, all right, this is finally like, this is who I've been for six months. I mean, does that make sense to you that Yeah, I mean we could talk tactics and all that stuff, but when you're down 20 like that, you know, I don't even know. I don't know if we'll see that zone again, but it was, I thought they were trying everything in game two and it was just a mess. I agree. The biggest thing I noticed other than the zone was that Randall was getting the ball in the right spots without OKC doing the thing where it just felt like he was getting smothered every time he had the ball.


And this is the part I don't understand with OKC, 'cause we saw in the Denver series too, there were games where it felt like yo Cage was doing every single thing he wanted from all the spots on the floor. He wanted do it. And then there were other games that just felt like he was in a tsunami. And if OK C's not playing with that tsunami defense, at least for Randall, it's great. And I just felt like he was physical and impactful in a way that in game two it was like, is he gonna be playable anymore? He is just had three awful quarter, three awful halves. He was really good in the first half of game one and then just disappeared after that. So they unlocked him. They were able to at least survive with Gobert out there. Which In fact that felt iffy in the first, in the in especially in the second game.


Isn't Gobert crazy because it's like certain nights you just go, oh, thank God he is out there. Yeah. You know, he's deterring some of these drives and then other times you just go like, and I think you've seen that from Finch throughout the playoffs. I mean, even in going back to the Lakers series, it, there'll be these stretches and I think that's kind of what playoff basketball is, is that the same thing can look like a completely different product 48 hours later. But Rudy has, has had moments where it's like, thank God for Rudy. And then other times you're like, all right, Finch is gonna get him out of there. Yeah. Then he had one possession where I, I saw like he tried to go small and then he was, I think it was game two and fin was just so frustrated. I think he put Rudy right back in the game 'cause he was like, all right, whatever.


Like I, it was like such a bad defensive possession. Do you, do you have anything like is there any part of you with OKC as we looked at this Final four being like this is their title to Lose. Does, is there any resetting for you at all with that kind of result in game three?


I'm gonna answer that question after the break. This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. We all have our routines during the playoffs. I'm the same man who once wore the same t-shirt every single day during the 2003 baseball playoffs. I am the same person who will tell my wife to come into the room when I need a team to win because she's good luck during the NBA playoffs. These are things that happen. Well MICHELOB ULTRA, a great addition to any game time routine. It is a superior LIGHT BEER. It's really great. And they're getting fans closer to the game with exclusive prizes, including Courtside seats. To see your favorite team play sign memorabilia lots more, enter for your chance to win at MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash courtside MICHELOB ULTRA superior access Courtside 2024 to 2025 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open a US residence, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit MICHELOB ULTRA dot com slash superior access slash courtside for free entry. Entry deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply void. Were prohibited.


Alright, so you asked me if I fail any differently about OKC after game three. I left game two thinking that they were not gonna lose another playoff game and that they had gone up a level defensively and they were just gonna go on one of those runs like the 91 Bulls did. There's some great young teams over the years that just as the playoffs went along, they started going up levels and just waxing everybody. I think the oh one Lakers were like this, Tim, and they basically only lost one game in overtime to Philly. But teams that just got better as the playoffs go along. And I thought that's what we were watching with OKC. I don't get surprised very much. I know game three it's always a zag, it's always the desperation thing. The line was only OKC minus two, which I was talking with Raheem and JJ and House and Sal about the line and just like, this might be our last chance ever to have OKC at a spread that that's low.


And finally it went up to three and then they just sucked and they seemed young. And I wa I was surprised by it because I, I figured they would know that Minnesota was gonna come out like they did. I thought Ant was good in game two. If you look back at like his, the pace that he had and how he played and the decisions he made, it was really good. There was some good stuff about that the next day. But I was just surprised they seemed young. And I, one of the things that stood out yesterday was Gobert just seemed big in some spots in a way that I, I just didn't feel in the first two games. I felt like physically they overpowered OKCA little bit. Ultimately. I don't think O KC loses again. I would still bet on, I think this is now five instead of four and Minnesota at least showed they had a little un reserve.


But I, I still think OKC is just, I know they can crank up that defense for whatever reason. When they fall behind 15, something happens to them psychologically. I don't think they're a very good come from behind team. They did it once against Memphis in that John Morant game when he got hurt. But in general, I just think they're built to have a lead and protected. It's almost like those NFL teams that they just need to go up 10 and then their defense can finish the game. I think that's who they are. Well I think some of the three point shooting numbers that we talk about would be part of that. I mean look, when they were having some of those bad closes against Denver and then that entire storyline shifted when Denver looked like the disastrous team late and then they win game six with having the straw game.


You know, sometimes you're like, okay, so OKC only played 24 clutch games. Does that mean that they're less comfortable in clutch games and all this other stuff? And you're like, I don't know if they played in seven more Clutch games, then they would, they would be. I mean it just sounds good because you have something to point to and say, Hey, nobody's played less clutch games. They're, they're but over a quarter of their games were still technically clutch games in regular season. Right? It's not like they played four of them out of 82. So I think it sounded really good. It was hard for me to buy it and then guess what happened? Like the better team ended up figuring it out. The team with the MVP figures it out and you know, you expect the shooting variance at some point to kick in here. But if you're trying to figure out like how do you get your ass kicked that bad, maybe part of it is like Minnesota I think is good.


You know, I, I'm surprised that at least one of those games in OKC wasn't a down to the wire game. I mean we could sit here, Look at it felt like game two, which was heading that way and they just couldn't land the plane on it. And they let a couple ball. That's what's crazy about this KC C team. We got a 10, they had these 10 oh runs and all of a sudden you're like, fuck, we're down 12. What happened? You know, especially with their defense at home. And it might be one of those things, KC might just be an awesome home playoff team, right? And they're gonna have home court and maybe they're just gonna be one of those teams where old school, like the splits at home versus them on the road is a little different. I, I think there's one way Minnesota Hanks, and I think you would agree with this, Edwards was I thought really good in game two even though his team wasn't.


And I thought he was really good yesterday and maybe that's the roadmap for them. I thought he was patient. I, I really felt like he was trying to solve what they were doing. They were throwing all kinds of dudes at him and he was handling it and I just was really impressed. I thought it was a sophisticated game. Whereas compared to last year in the Dallas series where I thought he kind of unraveled a little bit, the more Dallas threw at him, I thought he had trouble handling it. And this in those last two games I didn't. So that would be the case if you're excited about Minnesota's like, hey Ant might be something might be happening here, But it only happens when the other guys are making shots. So when you have NASM true 17 straight threes, Steve Vincenzo who, you know, I don't always love every coach after a game being like, I liked our looks.


Right? I've yet to ever hear a coach. I don't know if I've heard a coach. I mean it's probably been said at some point be like, you know, we didn't have a lot of good ones tonight. Didn't Love our looks. Yeah. Di Vincenzo who I would agree with Finch, like I've liked so many of his looks, he's gonna be better than five 18. And granted he hit two in game three, but he only took three. I mean, granted some of the overall stats again from game three, I don't even know necessarily what they'll mean. 'cause you're down 20, 30 minutes after you're tying your shoes if you're on the thunder side of things. But none of the ant stuff works unless these guys are making shots. And for the first two games it was pretty abysmal. Minnesota was under 30%. And then I think the other part is kind of the Randall, it's getting close to midnight conversation of, if you look at who he was in those first two series and you go on any metric you wanna look at and who he has been throughout his career in the playoffs and like, it just ends up being part of the national broadcast.


I know they have access to this guys and it's, it's like, you know, people doubted this kind of play. Like, well no shit, we doubted him in the playoffs. Like gimme the evidence that told me I was supposed to be psyched about it. And he played great and his matchups, you know, he, he was like, when he got LeBron on him, seeing it live and then seeing on tv, he was shocking. Let's go was shocking. You know, Draymond very, very honest. Which is sometimes like surprising. And he talked about how much Ccam had eaten him up and how much Randall, you know, had, had taken him out in his matchup at granted. I think Draymond in that series against Minnesota was tasked with doing a ton of stuff. Yeah. So I don't look at like, I don't look at Draymond's defensive run to the playoffs against Houston and Minnesota and I'm not sitting here upset.


'cause I, I think he was asked to do a ton of stuff and for the most part battle. But you look at it and you're like, holy shit. Like do you realize like how special Randall has been with these 10 games? And it's like, okay, well Now you get OKC and it's not just the primary defender, it's all of that other stuff that's happening and immediately like the start of game one, it's like, hey, this back down turn dribble thing that takes a little while for you to set up. So Randall not being that secondary on ball creator and getting benched in game two, which is all you need to know, be like, Hey, I wonder how they feel about him. Well, he played 32 of the first 36 minutes and now he's not gonna play any of the fourth quarter. They had it to 1 0 3 90 and Was, she was social quit, but he was telling his family to leave with like six minutes left in game two.


I thought that was weird. It was like Finch told him not, you know, we're gonna make a run without you. Don't get mad. I need you for game Three. It looked weird. I'll admit, my first instinct now on any social clip is that I don't believe that is the thing that's being told me. I think, By the way, right, that's a great first instinct. The first Thing when You get the press conference clips where they're just like doctoring the audio outta the guy's mouth and you're like, wait, that guy said that. Right? And then you realize, oh, they did AI with this. I think I fell from one of those once, but I didn't repost or anything. I was like, holy shit, Harbaugh's like letting them like I know horrible. And anyone was like, oh. I was like, I don't think he'd say bitches though.


Yeah, I, I saw that clip. I mean if that's what it ended up being, you know, he handles it the right way. And I also think there's a part of this too with, with OKC, it's incredibly frustrating and that first game was frustrating. I mean, SG has seven free throws at the seven something mark of the first quarter. Yeah. And you know, when Jayden chucked him during game two, I kind of liked it. Like people just could pile that in to be like, oh, you know, they're breaking at the seams and Timberwolves are just so frustrated. I didn't kind of like it, I loved it. It's like, fuck this guy because he hit first. That's the playoffs we grew up with. Yeah. And then it, it kind of gets packages like, oh, this shows that Minnesota's breaking. It's like, nah, I think he's just pissed and he's sick of this guy.


And by the way, that's not s gs free throws to me are not necessarily even the story, the outcome of the first two games here. But It wasn't the free throws. It was, it was the calls he was getting when he banged in other bodies that didn't resemble everything else that was being officiated in the entire playoffs. He was doing it. He would be side side with somebody and he put his arm out and the, and McDaniels had a couple Fs where he is just like, what the fuck am I supposed to do? Am I, should I run backwards When he fell down? Should I fall Down When he fell down and they challenged it and the official was like pissed at Alexander Walker for being like, you've got like Alexander Walker was like unhinged because he knew.


Yeah. He's like, he just fell down and then the ref kind of looked at him and like a ref when they get, and I can't imagine being a ref and having guys yell at you for two and a half hours. Like eventually you get sort of defensive and you know, all these guys that testosterone's flying around and the official gave it this like look like, hey, you know, you foul them and it's on him and it's like a little extra emphasis on what he's doing back to the scores table and you see the review and you're like, yeah, he just fell down. That's why those guys were all losing their minds. So they definitely got way too caught up in all that stuff. I, I think Minnesota's a good team. I wasn't gonna pick them in this series. I thought the odds were a little crazy then the odds looked like they might've been too low with the way the thunder control those third quarters, the stuff that the thunder can go to here.


But you know, there's a Randall piece and the three point piece that makes Ants Night. Like it's predetermined if Randall can't do Anything. Yeah. If you're gonna get 20 for 40 from three and Randall's gonna play well and t's making good decisions. They're a really good team. There you go. With that said, Caruso nine minutes. Didn't get a bunch of fouls Though. Yeah, I'm just, he was minus 16 when he was out there and it was the first bad Caruso game in a while. Wallace only played 15 and he was minus 30 in the 15. I don't even know. Do these numbers matter though? Yeah, I'm just, I'm trying to figure out, like to me defense is gonna be their identity in this series and my guess is they're gonna try to come back and be like, dude, we got here on defense.


Let's play some defense again. When Caruso goes out, there's like, give me Randall that guy's not doing that again. He takes him, they'll throw dudes at Edwards, just try to make him give up the ball and they're gonna see if Minnesota can go 20 for 40 from three again would be the strategy. I still like. Ok, scene five. Yeah, look at the Caruso foul game was was game two I, I just don't know what any of the stats will mean from any of the guys. And then you know, they were talking about it 'cause I was watching the broadcast a little bit with game three with with Ruco Legs and our guy Kirk Goldsberry. Yeah. And it was fun. I watched some of that too. It was, although it was, it was delayed by two seconds.


So that, that, I like to get as live as possible. So I went, ended up going back The two Seconds. Really? Legs. He's having a big year. Big big legs year. He's been great. Can you gimme an actor equivalent of like 20 years later it's like, man we appreciate this guy. Yeah, Maybe it's kind of the surroundings. Yeah because if, if You're in in a neighborhood where you have one of like many good restaurants in the neighborhood and then you're one of the only ones left and it's like, man, the food this place is great. Might be one of those. Yeah. But Travolta is great. I'm trying to do a Travolta here for you, but Travolta's Peaks were higher than earlier.


Legs Peaks. So Travolta just went away And A tra the Travolta comeback cannot be compared. No it it's not. Not back. He literally, literally six feet under in the ground and came back. But he had these peaks. I don't think there's a Saturday night fever for legs. What I'm trying to think of is the actor who has been around forever and then later on, I mean you can't even it It's a Lee Neeson. Yeah, but I don't, I don't know. I don't know About that. Tommy Lee Jones be no country Furled Ben is it? No Country furled Ben for legs. It might be because he was around, but I mean I think it felt like he was having a bit of a comeback with the Fugitive.


Right. And then he had that run in the nineties, then it tipped again, then it came back. Or he played The same character for a decade. Legs is doing great. That might be it. No country for old man. It's like you can build the whole thing around this guy. Did you not realize this? He'd been here the whole time. Yeah. He's fucking awesome. Give him a giant monologue at the end. He's gonna crush it. I was thinking, I don't know whether the, I would call this the sea Change Season or the something's different season. I mentioned this to you last week and I was going through seasons that just feel like something has shifted Goes back to your Pacer's point. Because if this is real, if this is normal, this is the way you wanna build your team. This goes against anything we've ever accepted.


Yeah, We've gone from it's better to have nine than three. That's pretty weird. But think all the things that happened this season, LeBron and Curry feels like those eras are over as like if this is the best guy on your team, that doesn't mean you're even gonna make the finals. Tatum goes down in the Boston thing, which goes from 2016 to this year. Now feels like it's in flux. The Luca trade, which was the biggest trade in the history of the league, Cooper flag to Dallas and OKC has arrived and San Antonio feels like they're reloading and it just feels like, it feels like the seesaw just went like this. It lasts time. I was looking through all the seasons, trying to think when I felt like that with the season 2016 when Cleveland B Golden State, golden State had beaten OKC and then the weird salary cap thing and Durant just went to the Warriors and we're like, oh.


It just felt like a shift. And for those listening, bill did a thing where his balance, I did a thing with my arm. I did a, I did a fake human Seesaw. Imagine a plane in its wings dipping a bit. Yep. 2010, 11 season right after the decision in Miami and the lockout was coming and it felt like the Celtics and Lakers had kind of run their course. We were in the tail end of Kobe and Gessa that felt like that was not going to the best place. KG p Pierce Ray that felt like that might be getting creaky. OKC was coming with Durant and those guys. And we had all those awesome drafts in a row in oh 7, 0 8, 0 9 where just all these young players are coming to the league and it was like, I don't know what's happening but something's happening.


And by the way, we went out have basketball season next year. So it was just, it was just like we're on edge. And then the only other one I can think of was after mjs, he wins his last title and we immediately go into the lockout and Kobe and Duncan are coming and the league's about to shift that way. And it seems like Grant, it seems like it's gonna be Kobe dunk and Grand Hill mjs gone. We have this lockout, the salaries are super weird every, they're trying to get rid of these three year contracts for you get, you're in the week, three years, then you can sign for a hundred million dollars. And it just felt like everything was fucked up. Those were the seasons in, It lasts 25 plus years that you could just tell something had changed.


And I think this season feels like that. So I wanted your take. I would put it in that class. If the Pacers win this whole thing, Well that's like, right. Yeah. Then we're getting canned goods. Even if they make the finals. I think it feels that way. We get an Indiana OKC finals, it's fucking crazy. But what'll happen is it'll, everyone will agree with you and say that this now is different. And as I've said this entire time, like I would need to have, have this happen. This would have to be the new normal for me to accept that this is the shift and that the league has changed. I feel like we're already here though for this reason. Did you see that? That there was a graphic about the 25 most followed Instagram accounts?


Yes. In the NBA, which includes people like both Ball Brothers and Ben Simmons. Yeah, but it was like the, the NBA players are the most Instagram followers and none of the four teams left. Had a guy in the top 25. I was like that's feels like something. Well Bridge's posts suck. I'm just kidding. Too much Tommy. No, it just, it just feels like, I think you add everything up combined with where we're going with this lottery and it just feels like something And then the second apron thing, I didn't mention that part. Well we're, and just where we're going financially, I don't even, I I don't like you add all that together and say I don't know what this, what's gonna happen with this league.


I still will refuse to believe that the outcome of this league will be dictated by players outside of the top 10 consistently. I Forgot to mention we the media rights deal, we have new partners, we have the inside the, Yeah, what would have to do with the results? Just that the flux of this year, like feeling like we're adding, we're ending something and heading towards something. And there's also a study that says icebergs have gotten bigger for the first time. Global warming is maybe Over And the salary cap, I don't know that I believe that it's over, but there's da, there's new data Bill, You're not with me. It doesn't sound like plus Cooper flag coming. Well hey if you want to hit me with all of the guys that are the marquee names and they're all kind of heading towards the end of this whole thing.


Yeah, you are right. You on the Lakers. I mean If you're asking me like, hey new teams are gonna start winning, it's like, well no shit. Like sports are so, but Sometimes that doesn't always happen though. Well like we're gonna have Utah tanking I guess for the rest of the decade and still God only knows what's gonna happen with them. Look at Charlotte, look at Washington. You know it's, and then you go on the other side. Did, by the way, did you know Brooklyn has four first round picks For some reason I didn't realize that until I was studying the draft and all the draft picks. Yeah I did Because I, that's in a really interesting spot. I saw some bad like hey package all four, like it's the NFL draft, like that is one of the biggest disconnects of all time.


Like if you were in the NFL and you say I'll give you 12, 17 and 20. Like who knows? Like you might be able to get it up to the top five, the NBA when it's like we don't want 2021 and 27, like that's not gonna get you Right. Even though obviously Brooklyn's first pick is a lot higher than I was as I've mentioned. But even even in the NBA, like if you're sitting there with eight and two other firsts, it's like hey can we get to four? No in the NFL you could the NBA A 8 19, 26 and 27, how high could you move up with those four? Could you get to fourth? Would Charlotte do that? No, I don't think he could get to fourth. You don't think Charlotte does that? You think Charlotte wants four more rookies? No, No one wants four more rookies.


By the way, The only team I was thinking about that could potentially get excited is Darryl. 'cause he would just have all these picks. It would be like his Super Bowl. He'd be like, I'm gonna get, I'm gonna build an entire bench right now for my guy Joe will Bie. Yeah. But even the most confident GM is isn't gonna assume that he's gonna hit on all four first round picks and then they're gonna be rotational pieces for a team that when Philly's healthy has, you know, Eastern conference finals aspirations, championship aspirations. Yeah, It's funny when, how often do you look through when we think about all these teams that are loaded with all their picks and then you actually look at the picks.


You know OKC is one of those that I thought OKC was just like, holy shit, they have so many awesome picks and Now you go through it and I'm not sure they're that awesome but they have two Denver top five protected picks down the road. I assume yo could is still gonna be there. They have the Dallas swap in 28 but now they have Cooper Flag, they have Clipper stuff in 26 and 27 swaps this year and and this year. But the Clipper as simulate they're gonna be at least pretty functional for the next two years. And then they have the Philly 26 first top six per sec protected top four protected the next year. And Philly seems like they've reloaded, They have the Utah Top Protect top eight right in 26 top eight.


Right. That's not too much. Did you say that? Sorry. No, no I didn't say that one but I, I almost assume Utah's gonna throw next year. See they don't really have like a genuinely juicy pick. Whereas you know, like Houston has Phoenix's 27 first, you know, and they have the ability to choose between Phoenix or Dallas's first and 29. Like those are picks where you're like, oh fuck, those are some, those are some winners. Brooklyn has a couple good ones too but, but again, it's like Brooklyn can swap with Houston in 27. What does that do for you? Houston's gonna be really good. So sometimes when these teams put together all these picks, Utah's interesting because they still have a bunch of those Minnesota and Cleveland picks left.


But ironically the best pick they have is that sneaky trade they made near the deadline that weird trade Phoenix made where they gave up to three first for their 2031 first, which Utah now has. If their 2031 first, who the fuck's gonna be in Phoenix in six years? You know, that could, that could end up being, yeah it might be both of us. The the other one, there's some other weird trades that I just Forgot. Three of us just hanging out. Well Washington got Memphis's first round pick this year because they took Marcus smart to go back to our Marcus Smart Trade. He went from, I'm with Kristaps Pingus and to first basically to, you have to trade a first to get rid of me to go to my next team.


That's pretty, pretty dramatic. Anyway, there was a reason I brought all this up. Oh, because of, 'cause we were talking about how fast things can flip for who we think is looking good. Who knows? You'd think Utah, if there's somebody that's available that the agent says, yeah, my guy will stay there. Because the idea of Utah taking another rookie guard. I mean unless the evaluation, they just look at him and go, Hey, he's better than everybody we already have and this was an upset and he shouldn't have been here. You know, maybe it's just because I, I think Edgecomb should be in the conversation with the other two Rutgers guys a little Bit more than years.


Like, I, I knew you were gonna be in this corner. I've been waiting for it. I need to do more work. But I am a little surprised that after the combine, whether during the combine or after, it's like, okay, well clearly we know who number one is and then it's Harper and then it's everybody else. And I'm like, yeah, I, because I, as I said to you a week ago, I'm even though all indications is Sania san's taken Harper, I don't know, Edgecomb seems like a, they're, I know they already have Castle. Like it'd be weird to have both of them I guess, but I don't know. And Harper's shooting is better than his numbers.


The reason his three point shooting percentage is way lower than you would want is 'cause he takes some terrible shots. Which a lot of really big time, high profile, high school guys come in being like, you know, I've gotta, I've gotta take these to show that I'll take them. So Harper I think is gonna be a better shooter than the numbers prove out. And he does so many really good things like running the high pick and roll that you see all the time and all this stuff. And like, you know, Castle's had a really nice year and he certainly seems to have the mentality of like, you would think he's going to attack this as a competitor, that he's gonna care, you know, that he's gonna love basketball and he's going to be frustrated in those moments where he feels like he's not good enough.


Like it was just everything. You know, we're always trying to guess with any of these guys. But I don't feel like I see the same separation between Harper and Edgecomb that the draft conversation seems to be at right now. So I'm trying to remember when was It lasts time That's happened where when Tatum in like April May, we were like, oh no, here's gonna be the top four and then something shifted as we got to mid-May June. Oh no. Yeah, Tatum was, Tatum was like consensus mock third. I just thought at the time, no, But Tatum's a good, you watch good. I think Tatum's the right example though. Yeah, But everybody knew it Was gonna be everyone. Like false is going first. Right? And everybody knew Lonzo was gonna the Lakers, so at least that was a little bit more accepted.


It just, you know, ACE B if he was better is your number two guy. Like there's Don't, isn't it more likely that he could drop versus go up? Like when I found out he was six, seven and a half and not six 10, I thought, I thought that was a complete game changer. Okay. But remember we're going off and I hate the league did this and I'm probably one of the few people that even cares about this, but no shoes, the no shoes thing. Cha like Harper's listed at six six and he measures six, four and a half of no shoes. So now it's presented as this huge disappointment or like what the hell's going on with these college programs. Like I think one year in lacrosse, one of my roommates just like, they were like, Hey what are you? And he was like 6 4, 2 30 and he, I didn't even think he was six feet.


Yeah. And they just let him do it. So that's been going on in college for, for years and years. I mean it's probably a little bit tighter when you're one of the top players in the high school circuit and then you end up, you know, at a D one program. But Harper is listed at six six and then he's six four and a half. And so it's the same thing with Ace. It's like, oh I thought this guy was 6 10, 6 10 from six seven and a half is a little bit different. But it, it frustrates me because then you've just, I mean I know the simple thing is like, well hey now they're just not in shoes. So factor that in, but then it gets relayed as if all these guys are just across the board comically shorter than all the listed heights. But it's Because like Flag was another one. Yeah, well it's because they used to let them up until very recently the official measurement was the measurement in shoes.


So all Of this I think we need, this is where we need a sports are to really decide one way or the other with the measurements. So we going shoes or no shoes, it's like when we talk about NFL season, are we saying that the 2001 pats or the 2002 pats that won the Super Bowl so the year the Super Bowl was played or the year we had the regular season, there's just some things we haven't figured out as a country. Well maybe they were just Like, we need some stability. Maybe it's a lot like the tariffs bill. It's like we need, you're gonna have to take your medicine. Yeah. Okay. But but trust us on this one. Yeah. Not a statement, not a position. Just obviously the rationale behind it. Hmm. And maybe the NBA's looking at the same way like well if he's gonna just start taring everybody you maybe we can start Taring Height.


I I think it would be most likely Ace ba Ace Bailey falls out of the top three then stays in the top three. And I, I still have Edge. I think climbing. Let's take a break. I wanna talk about Haliburton.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business here, success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is LinkedIn. You know, hiring is a big deal for small businesses. Not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is presented by State Farm on the basketball court. The best players know when to pass and off the court. You still need teammates who are there when accounts. That's where State Farm comes in with agents to help you find coverage that's right for you. You can focus on what really matters, whether that's hitting game winners or just getting through the day Like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. State Farm coverage Options are selected by the customer. Availability and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines. Great games, great matchups, great game sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher the official beer partner of the nba. Plus they're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob Belcher superior access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit michelob belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


Alright, Tyrese, the Haliburton we're taping this before game three so he might, he might go one for 15 tonight with 12 turnovers. I was thinking they don't turn the ball over a lot. That's true, that's for sure. I was thinking he's the best what if guy of this decade considering all the teams and all the fan bases that can look at him and go even Golden State And there was no way Golden State was taking him at two during the COVID draft, which the COVID draft we'll be doing documentaries about because we had no March madness and nobody could really work out. You're just doing Zoom interviews. Golden State knows Haliburton is absolutely perfect for them and there's not quite enough of a resume to take a guy who's probably in the seven to nine range at number two.


It would've been really ballsy that you would've had to absolutely love the guy. And they did try to trade back from what I heard. But nobody wanted to trade back 'cause it was the COVID draft. Nobody. But here's a guy who I would assume Curry is the perfect Steve Ware, but Halliburton's probably a close second for how he sees the floor and how he loves the unconstructed chaos. So you have them, you have Detroit taking Killian Hayes over him, you have the Knicks now this is a what if in both directions because they take topping over him, but it also leads to Brunson and all the good stuff that happens. So you're, you're probably fine with that. It worked out. If you're a Knicks fan, Washington passes on him and takes our guy. Abia Phoenix was the most indefensible And we said this in the moment because they actually needed, you know, to think long-term Halburn and Booker together, they take Jalen Smith who they wave after two years and then San Antonio passes on them.


See if all of those teams before we get to Sacramento, number 12, then you have, this is my favorite one of all of these Philly could have traded Ben Simmons. For him it was the Haliburton healed trade. And I've argued with people about this for two years. It was like that was never on the table. That was never the trade. It was like, well they traded Saboni for Haliburton and healed and they were offering Saboni for Ben Simmons. So you can't say like, oh this couldn't have happened. But I just feel like if if Sacramento wanted Ben Simmons, which I think they did 'cause their stories about it, could that have been Hal Burton and Heal then? I just don't think, I don't think Philly thought he was a big enough star.


See have that. And then you have the Sacramento piece. Sacramento had him for 109 games were Cilla, they had him for a year and two thirds and they were like Fox and Halburn. I don't know, this doesn't work. They weren't going anywhere. They had a chance to trade for s bonus, which made sense at the time it worked out. They made, you know, they made, they won a playoffs, they got to the playoffs, they did all the stuff they did but ended up trading him. So that is 1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8 teams that are like, oh fuck, we could have, we literally could have had that guy and now he's in India and he is not going anywhere.


I don't remember another player like that. I, I would have to go back to like the 1990s when Jason Cade got traded twice and and felt like he was available for a while there in the, in on Dallas in the mid nineties when that team wasn't working out. But for somebody as talented as Haliburton to just kind of be available both in the draft and as trade bait, it's pretty unusual. The Dallas thing is good but I remember just having Mashburn around who just was one of my favorites back in the day. The early PN stuff and you'd be like, you know, and he was like it, it was that bad. Like it was just that bad. Yeah. And so, you know, when you're with it every single day it's easy for us to be like how could you ever be in the business of wanting to move off from Jason Kidd?


But then again, you know, of his own doing it, it led to another transaction later on for him. So I was just talking about kid I think with Raja the other day and you know, his highlights hold up in a way where I like watch the highlights and I fear we're never gonna see anything like it. You know, I go, were we ever gonna be like this lucky to see a player that could see the game this way? And you knew when you were watching it, even back when he was playing in college. You're like, dude this, there's something like incredibly special about this guy. And again, he has this awesome career in the, in the whole thing. I don't know that we're putting Haliburton on that level but I, I like what you're doing 'cause you're trying to figure out like why would you have moved on from it.


I think the funniest thing about this Saboni Haliburton deal is that it happens. It's like how do you do, you can't, no one ever does a deal like this. No one ever takes a lottery pick and then moves on from him this quickly. Especially when it looks like you got it right with the pick and you can't believe he fell to where he fell and then s Really fun trade when it happened. Right. But then it, it's like oh here we go again with Sacramento. And then Saboni makes all NBA two seasons and it's kind of Funny they were 48 games. Yeah you look at and you also look at like Saboni career stuff this year. Everybody's like no thanks, you know? Right. Because the numbers are still really, really good. But it's pretty clear like when he's your center there are just limitations on what you can do.


But Sacramento to even have that, that high seed a few years ago, like how can you get on their case when they took a surplus and added a need and it's worked and it's worked for team that doesn't really get to sniff in this area. But you know, now we get to like we're we re-litigate this trade so much that I think it just proves once again you can't ever give up on lottery talents you think have worked even if you think it's redundant. Well But, Or maybe you could make a they traded the wrong guy a case too. Well yeah, I mean did Different time, did you think at the time it's like hey trade Fox because Dein felt like He, You know, of all the things that that I prioritize and I've talked about it but like can you get your own when it matters and Deins that guy, it's always felt like he's more that guy than Haliburton is The case for trading him was that the money was kicking in with him faster.


So you had the Haliburton on the, on the sure rookie deal versus paying more for Fox. But yeah, I mean it was, I think the Knicks were trying to get Fox there for, they loved him obviously 'cause the Kentucky piece and what kind of Godfather deal but I don't think they ever shop Fox and, and I think Haliburton was kind of being dangled just 'cause the Fox Hal thing didn't work. Which in retrospect is kind of crazy. I actually think when you think about where the league's gone, It lasts few years. They actually could have built their own version of what Indiana has with, you know, around like around two guards who had the ball at the time who were attacking. I think the other piece though, you know, it's so funny like Rick Carlisle felt, felt like he got old in Dallas in a lot of ways, right?


And then they finally moved on for him where, how inventive he was for a lot of his career. But it just felt like maybe the league was moving in a different direction or something was happening. But then you watch what he was able to re how he rekindled how everybody felt about him as a coach in Indiana and how, I mean the stuff they were doing to, to the Nixon game too. I was watching the, the Twitter clips the next day and some people are putting some good stuff on 'em. Watch what they you do to towns. What yeah, what, what did you like? Just chaos. You know they, they had, they pushed the pace so they get a lot of, one of the things the Celtics, I was watching it more from, I was driving myself crazy about those first two Celtic games which are are moving up the ladder of all time worst losses still, still healing from those first two games.


The worst Celtics loss of my lifetime was 2010 Game seven finals, game 4 22 is up there. I think when you lose a game that actually like where you could've won the title and you didn't win because that, those have to be the highest. But I think the combo of those two games, it's really up there. Historically we like blowing two 20 point games in a row but part of the reason they blew it and you're watching Indiana's doing, they're pushing the pace. They're just trying to make towns stagger around at the top of the key. Not having any idea where he should be or using Robinson. There was one awesome player where they ran the same play with McConnell twice in a row on the right side. And the first time Ccam stayed in the corner and Robinson was kind of guarding him, guarding the rim.


And then the second time Sicca snuck up and got this wide open three that they were using all the shit the Knicks are bad at against them. And it's, it's, he was doing the same stuff last year. Like they really gave, went toe to toe with Boston in that eastern finals and that series was way closer than I, I think it felt it was the closest sweep I've ever watched. I never felt comfortable in any of the games. But anyway, I just thought, I think he's figured out pace and chaos in a way that's really unusual for a league where everybody wants to know exactly what they're doing. Play Boston's the worst possible example of that. Let's walk it up. Let's play one four, let's wait till eight seconds.


Come set a pick. We're gonna hunt this one matchup and I think the Knicks just got used to it and they're not, they, they can't get used to whatever Indiana's doing. I hate talking about this before game three, but that's what I noticed. I I just felt like the Knicks were frazzled by Indiana, you know what I mean? I do. I you know look, you can just tell a lot based on like sub patterns too. 'cause in that fourth quarter there, he doesn't go back to KA until it feels like they need his offense because he didn't, I think it was, I mean I've got it somewhere here but I mean he was in at 2 25 when it was 1 10, 1 0 1. So at that point you figure he's coming in because they gotta make up the nine points somehow and they're willing to give up. I mean he was subbed out with nine minutes to go.


I thought the other great thing was that the Pacers won that start of the fourth quarter because I thought in game one they were losing the game because of how bad they were. When Brunson goes out with a foul trouble and then it's a 10 oh run like that in two minutes ago. This is supposed to be, I mean even would be a disappointment because Brunson is out in these minutes right now and you may have just lost this game with OG getting a couple buckets. So if Tibs is taking out Kat with nine minutes to go in the fourth quarter and they're not really making up any ground and then he brings him back in at 2 25, he realizes how much of an issue Kat is. And I think you said something because sometimes it is very straightforward. It's let's get to switch on Cat, let's see what we have, let's attack.


But for Boston it was always just that, right? It was always no plan. Just that there's been a couple things and it even takes me like a second time to, to notice it where it's like you think we're switching into the cat hunt here with the ball handler but what we're really doing is there's this other thing where somebody's like crossing underneath it. Yeah. And that's really what the whole play is because we've, we've shown you this, it just, I know what you're Saying. Yeah. We're really trying to catch Mitchell Robinson asleep. You think we're going after Kat, but we're really trying to get Mitchell Robinson to forget that somebody's about to back up behind him Or we're using the screen. The first screen doesn't really even matter. So Kat's overplaying and he's freaked out but actually what he has to do is make up ground and follow that his his first primary defensive.


Yeah. Like assignment is now actually setting a screen for somebody else. So now you're like, well shit, I was worried about Haliburton at first but now I don't know if I'm supposed to take the cutter or stay with my original guy. And so it's just a little bit, again, I don't know how many times this happens but it's not just, hey high pick and roll even though there's plenty of that. I mean Haliburton, when I was watching game two, I'm kind of like getting frustrated even with Haliburton dancing with Mitchell Robinson for such a long time. Yeah and sometimes it works and sometimes it doesn't. But you're like, okay this is, this is a little predictable and it's getting a little late and then shot clock. I could totally understand being a Celtics fan and watching some of this stuff going, it was all right there. And when Kat's not the one to attack, Brunson's the one to attack and why, why is that complicated And why aren't you pushing the ball?


That's the other thing I, one of the things Indiana is doing is again, Indiana's just brought, Indiana's brought back the fast break which was basketball since the entire time we've started playing it is we gotta rebound go Aka Has been chilling them crush athletes On leaking out. Yeah and you know, I was very critical of AKA after the first game 'cause I went, you know, this is kind of who I like some good numbers and you know in the playoffs he hasn't shot it really well from distance. It lasts four years of being in the playoffs and you know, there's a marginal decline in place which isn't you know, the end of the world or anything like that. But you know, he's so big and you're like there's no matchup for him out there. There's no matchup for, I mean is it as simple as hey it's OGs on him and we know how disastrous that was for any ball handler with Celtics going at og.


But the fact that they early on we're like, we want to get you going and then he starts hitting everything and those were like really nice shots from AKA too. That mid post back into you hit, you fade away. But you know, I, I wouldn't be shocked for New York matching even though it's on the road New York matching, you know, again we don't know what's gonna happen here tonight but do you think there's this massive gap between these two teams? 'cause I do not. I Don't, I don't. I'd like to see more bridges. I think it's interesting and again we're taping this before game three. I think it's interesting that all those Detroit games were so close and that they were down 14 plus in the first five Knicks games.


And that the bigger the sample size gets, they just don't have a lot of games like KC they sucked in game three but OKCs had a lot of quarters and stretches and even entire games where they've just killed teams. And that's what would worry me the most if I was the Knicks fan. They're not having Game six against Boston was the only time they like killed the team. Right. And that was a team that had Pingus and a borderline coma, not Tatum, et cetera, et cetera. Can we Bridge Has taken 17 shots per game. So maybe we have seen, I just, every time with him, I feel like he finds a way to get space into a really great look and you know and Nobody can figure out that weird 45 degree angle jump shot he has, he has goes into the body control, he bends and nobody blocks it.


I don't know what his testing would be on, I don't know if it would show up even in the three cone with him. He had two plays in game two. Yeah. One was the fast break like football outlet to him where he has only a foot to catch it and stop To then Get up and still make the layup. And you're thinking like, first of all the pass is great and it hits him and it, but his feet were gonna be wrong. And it was like, I've gotta catch this and then get my feet right and then still go up and finish And it was awesome. And then he had another play where he comes baseline, he turns and it looks like anybody else's body would just like over rotate because if he was trying to like pull a trick on a snowboard.


Yeah. And he gets turned and I know there's other players that are athletic enough to do this stuff, but he gets turned where you'd think his body would keep going and then it just kind of stops in midair because he has such great body control so that he's able to get himself squared up and everything. And I don't, I don't know that look when he's going to the side and those hard dribbles that we saw even in It lasts round when he would have that, that huge fourth quarter moment in game two, he, when he gets all that momentum going with his dribble to one side and then he is pulling up with his length and the way he's leaning, you're just not contesting that shot. So I know he is taking 17 shots of game here and I'm saying more bridges but I, I don't like it when he gets through these stretches where it's, you know, he's, he's just kind of stuck in the corner.


I think we saw probably maybe too much earlier season. Yeah It was shocking to watch what he did to Derrick White. I thought he was just able to score on him whenever he wanted. Basically quick 2020 NBA redraft Minnesota takes Edwards again. Right? We can pencil that one in Golden State took Wiseman second. I just think they shouldn't do that again. No, I don't think so. I think Wiseman is no longer the second pick and I think it's Haliburton. I think they take him and they're delighted by it. And then him and Steph Curry. This is a quite an altering universe. Charlotte had the third pick. They took MLO ball.


Tyrese Maxey still on the table. You'd think they'd take Tyrese Maxey or MLO Ball the third pick. I think they would still take mlo Really interesting over Tyrese Maxey. I know who I would prefer but Well let's say we were the conci areas for the pick. Who would we tell them to take? I would tell them to take Tyrese Maxey. That would be my suggestion. All right, we'll give 'em the ball. So Chicago is at four.


They took Patrick Williams. I'm not sure they're running that one back. So you think they would take Maxi here? Yeah. Alright, so Melo Maxie here. Three four in some order here. If, if Maxi goes three, I mean you're not gonna drop Lalo four Lalo. I had Lalo four, I had Maxi three though. Cleveland's fifth they took Isaac Coro. Who'd you have for here? I had somebody written down. Well Or you want me to give you the name? No, I think I, I might take Jade McDaniels or Bain At Bain.


You'd rather have McDaniel's and Bain Normally I'd rather have scoring than defense. I, I like where this is going. I do, I think whatever the end of this season is for Minnesota, it feels like a win on the development part of Jayden McDaniels because he's never gonna be the first or second option for this team. Yes, he gets stuck in the corner a lot. He may never really develop into a guy who, hey we can run some stuff for him with the ball in his hands on the other side. But whereas like there's some players I go that's never going to happen And it's still like unlikely for Jayden. There's a lot I really like about him. Even though Bain has just been a flame thrower since he stepped into the league.


Bain would probably more fun for you to work out with Or it'd be super He's in the gym. Depressing. He's in the gym a lot it seems like. So he's almost, Bain is, I'm doing an age thing here. Bain is almost 27. Yeah and Jayden is, he's two years younger. So for the people listening, if you don't remember, Bain ended up going 30. He got drafted by the Celtics and then traded And this was one of the reasons the COVID draft is so legendary because like just look how we did the first five, number one, number 12, number 21, number three and number 30 we're the first five.


Atlanta is up next. So it sounds like you would add McDaniels or Bain, whoever's left over in this spot, which I agreed with. Yeah, Well he went 28th McDaniels. You know what my biggest criticism of McDaniels is? It has nothing to do with anything about him. I think he gets no respect from the referees and I don't really understand it and I've noticed it over and over again. He gets called for touch fouls that I don't feel like any other elite defender gets whistled for. And I don't really fully understand why, but you can kind of feel it too. Like I remember going to game two with the Lakers and you're just like, ah, they're just gonna foul him out of the game.


I can see where this is going first two OKC games. I felt like the whistle was not fair with him. And then in game three all of a sudden started getting a good whistle again. Alright, so Atlanta, Jayden McDaniels Detroit took killing Hayes. Number seven. I'm gonna say they're not gonna do that again. This is either yeah. Devin Vasel, Denny Abdi or Aaron Nesmith. Were in that range. I think they're one of those three. Who do you have? This is funny 'cause I didn't think I'd spend my Sunday Memorial Day weekend going Who says no between Denny and Vall. It's, it's just an unexpected joy for you. You know, people were like, you get a lot, what a bonus.


You get a lot of work this weekend. I was like, yeah, kind of like you're gonna have any fun, you're gonna have any fun. And I was like, yeah this right, Right. When we say goodbye at the end of this pod, Are you kidding? Who do he I think the sells The pick but I I, I'm still kind of holding out like I think Denny's gonna be pretty good and maybe is more, there's a little bit more to av dia than there is of VA cell. But I think va cell's the more proven like hey come in and get buckets and score and give us spacing and, and all that kind of stuff where, I mean Denny's just so aggressive in the rebounding. You know I have Viel here as well. He went 11th. I have Denny going to the Knicks with the next next pick.


He went ninth to the Western Wizards. I can't believe Pritchard's still on the board for years. Oh yeah. Then I have knee Smith going to Washington. Any arguments Over a Congo? Yeah, I'm just watching Aaron Nesmith with flame shooting outta his assets Nick series. It's a recent sbi. Then the next three are a Congo quickly and Pritchard with Phoenix, San Antonio and Sacramento. All on the clock. A Congo ended up going sixth to Atlanta, quickly went 25th and Pritchard went 26th. So in, in Phoenix, as we talked about, famously botched this pick.


So I'm gonna say a Congo for them. This is where it gets exciting. Yeah, I'll admit with a con, I always, you haven't given up think he's better. No, I always think he's better. I think they think he's better. They finally made the change this year and maybe it's just the idea of him or maybe they were, I don't know if they were trying to keep the, keep his value down a little. I I don't, I don't know. I I kind of like, like him. Me Too. And basically you wanna buy Some property with me and a Congo Island. This feels like a make or break a Congo season.


How's That think? I think that's totally fair. Yeah. Then I have quickly going to San Antonio and Pritchard going to Sacramento and then we don't have to do anymore after that. He already has the extension of his super easy number here. But he Pritchard No, no, no I meant a con. I'm still, oh I'm still on him because he only started 40 games this year. But it was very clear after never starting any games. I mean he did technically start games. Feels like a congu time is on the horizon down there in Atlanta quickly. Or Pritchard I Think can't factor in contracts. No, I honestly with Pritchard I think he is more adaptable to what you need from him.


Where if quickly just doesn't get, you know, 16 shots against the second unit and look quickly was awesome a couple years ago. Okay. Yeah. But it was very clear. It was like hey, it's quickly time. Right? And I think he needs that freedom to be as impactful where Pritchard Pritchard man he, I mean it's not just the dribble pull-ups, it's not just the dribble drives, which he got really good at I thought this year. But it's also the catch and shoot. So I think he's a little bit more versatile in how you can use them as an offensive player where for the most part it's like quickly just gonna go, Alright so we just did a top 12. That's exciting. And the guys where they were actually picked versus how that top 12 went.


Number one, one number 12 21, 3 30 11, 9 28, 14 6, 26 and 25. That is fucking nuts. And we don't have out of the guise in the top eight, we only have three. So just makes you think like when we were gonna spend all this time on this draft, maybe you're better off with the 13th pick than this fifth. Like who the, it's such a crapshoot every year and we always forget it. Which is why I think the redrafts are always kind of interesting to redo. This one is a crazy one though. 'cause of COVID. This was not considered a great draft by the way.


Also city bays healthy, who knows, you know, maybe he's in the conversation. But you're right, like I, I'm shocked 'cause I do it usually around this time every year and I'll probably have a segment, it'd be a slow opening monologue night before. But the number of guys that are in the top 10 and how rare it is now, like for that person to be on the team that drafted them and I mean the team that actually like has them not the draft rights thing, right? 50 50. Which can make me even more confusing how many of those guys get to their fourth year. I think one stretch, I did it over like a five year stretch and it was, it was less than 50% of the guys in the top 10 because we knew. Yeah like that was always my point of like, you know, oh cool, I'm trading picks in the twenties all the time.


Like who gives a shit? And history still tells you like there's a significant drop off and when you're grabbing a rotational guy that's gonna make it to his second contract somewhere in the twenties, that's a massive win. Also speaks to your boy Ang too because you start going through this age draft where it felt like Boston had To move he to Pritchard. Rob Williams. Yeah, he was nailing them. I mean he's, he's had some really good picks that like hey that guy's gonna play like 10 years. So yeah. So as I talked about the 20 stuff, which we've talked about for a really long time, teams were on this for a long time. I always felt like those picks were just a little overrated, but it sounded really cool to be like, hey this expiring vet or whatever. And like, you know, it depends if he's expiring and you're getting something, so I'm not criticizing that transaction.


But then it's like okay so that means all the top 10 picks are really valuable And then you look at those and you go, my god, Yeah This isn't, this is where the stars are. So that means a chance at one of them is valuable but the return on even the guys in the top 10, you'd be shocked and I'll do it again this year, but you'd be shocked how many times the guy is not even on the team in the fourth year of the rookie contract. Also crazy how many times an awesome player falls until the 12 to 17 range? 'cause it happened in that 21 draft too, right? Se she goon and Trey Murphy fell at 16 and 17. Haliburton fell at 12. Where did Booker go? Like 13, he Follow up 12 Maybe.


I dunno. Yeah, somewhere like in the 1213 range. Something like that. Yeah. Well the problem for him was that team in Kentucky was loaded. So yeah, 13th pick. Good call. There's always one guy in that range that nails it.


This episode is brought to you by Better Help. There's still a lot of stigma around mental health. Let's change that. This mental health awareness month. Let's encourage everyone to get support when they need it. And if you're not sure where to find that support, check out better help with a network of over 30,000 licensed therapists, they can help you find the right fit. We're all better with help. Visit better help.com/ Bill Simmons to get 10% off your first month. That's better help HE p.com/ Bill Simmons.


This episode is brought to you by degree Original, cool Rush deodorant. Remember last year people got really bad when Degree changed their cool rush formula One dude even started a petition. What was up with that guy? Well, guess what? Degree listened. They admitted they messed up. They're bringing back the original cool rush scent. And thank God you've gotta love what a brand can own its mistakes. And it's in Walmart, target, and other stores right now for under $4. Grab some find out why it's been the number one men's antiperspirant for It lasts decade. And by the way, you should put that on. Especially, we're about to hit the summer, it's getting sweaty in the summers, the original degree Cool rushes back and it smells like victory for all of us.


All right, before we go because we're gonna go enjoy our Memorial day. I asked you to, you have to give me one absolutely crazy prediction for the summer. That deep down you don't think is that crazy Nets, run it back with Kyrie. All right, make the case. Let's hear it. Josiah, all is forgiven. That's that's not I, you gave me this like one minute before I jumped into the Zoom. Yeah, it was like 20. There's not one. There's not one. It could be like a Jalen Brown ends up in Houston kind of level.


I I think there's gonna be three major name transactions I do because I think one will go and then the other teams that we're working on at all FC are gonna feel left out. And I'd imagine one of those top five picks move, which I think is, yeah, but it also could be maybe Utah just says we have to do something. Like we have to figure out a way to package this. Unless, you know they get done with the entire draft thing and they go, Hey look, Edgecomb fell to us. The Kyrie thing was kind of a joke though because I was thinking about his negotiation and he can opt out of the 44 million this year, right? And you're thinking, okay, but what, what do I have to pay you?


And you're not going back to the nets. Like the one team with all this cap space isn't going to the nets. And now if you're kyrie's representation, you can go, it doesn't matter what our leverage is or isn't. But we said, said this two years ago with him and he still got that awesome contract from them. Remember we were like, who are they competing against? Didn't matter. He got the 40 million a year. Yeah. But it was almost like they admitted we had to give him this because what we gave up for him. And you're like, okay, you could argue it's going to be the exact same thing, that he's gonna get everything that he wants because of even with the number one pick and bringing in flag, he's like, so wait, you're gonna play hardball with me now though, when you talked about this, this window and wanting to build this team around me and Anthony Davis.


So I was trying to be cute with it. I don't actually believe that that would happen. But I don't know what Brooklyn's gonna do with all of their cap space. Would Detroit try to, and they might not have enough space with the way that Cade's contract goes up a little bit here, but would they just go, Hey, we'll give you the full four years to Miles Turner. You know, we have a stretch five to go with dur. Oh if we wanna switch this and try to take away from a team team that we're Competing against, it's tough because we know I, I was looking at him, we know the center market and it's in the, it's around 20, that's where these guys land and over and over again except with the exception of a bonus. So we think it's 20. But then we know with free agents, especially when there's not a lot of them out there, all of a sudden somebody gets some crazy deal.


I do you think Miles Turner's worth more than 20 million a year? I think he is. When there aren't any other good free agents out there. I mean he's still only 29 years old. He just turned 29 2 months ago. Even though it felt like, again, we said this at the top, it felt like he was available there for a long time. But he was available in that way where it's like, well we don't wanna just give him away. Like whatever you may think about his deficiencies, there's still a lot of really good stuff about it. Yeah. And now here they are two games away from the NBA finals and, But he was available partly 'cause he got kept getting thrown into Laker trades that seemed like they were just coming from Laker fence, you know, where they're like, oh they're gonna trade for Miles Turner and Buddy Hill. It's like, are they, what's, I dunno why is doing that? Like I believe he was available for a while but they weren't just give Away but they weren't gonna give him away though.


They wanted to get a good player back for him. Alright, I'm gonna give you mine. I didn't really give you one. You You didn't have one. You didn't have one. I got, you know what though, 20 plus years of doing this, we got a few minutes out of it anyway, so thanks in advance. I have a good one. What can we talk about LeBron and Cleveland? Sure. Can we just talk it out? Yeah. For sures There's a couple ways it could go.


It's a really interesting last act for him. I'll start here with what they have with their assets they have with him. Luca and Reeves together. Reeves, I guess you could try to trade him this summer, which you'd have to with the way his contract is gonna go. But I'm not sure if you're getting a piece back that if you put Luca and LeBron and whatever that piece is together, I still don't know what that gets you. If you're the Lakers and the goat stuff, which just doesn't end ever. And every time you think it's over now the agents are Friday, Now you have David Falk defending mj and then Rich Paul's like, well I've gotta defend LeBron. Now we have the agents of the two guys involved in the goat discussion arguing about who's the goat, that's how bad it's gotten, how stupid it's gotten.


I want it to end so bad and it like, I just thought after a certain age, honestly with LeBron, to me at this point, there's only things he could add to his legacy playing this long. I don't think there should be any result, any stat line where you're allowed to then go, well you know, I thought you were this but this age 41 season I've gotta reassess things. Right. You know I, Steph is kind of getting close to that. Like Steph Lewis in the first round. It's like oh this guy lost this many times in the first round or didn't get. Yeah, The resume is complete. Yeah, we've already printed it out in our printer we have it. That would be a good segment where it's like once you're past this threshold, like we can't, it's like the over 38 rule but it's legacy talk where we can't, we can't take anything away from you Now you know it's like LeBron has 40,000 points but he didn't get 42.


Yeah. You're just looking for what He's coasting a bit against Minnesota Second. Second team on NBA. Is that good enough? If you're doing game four breakdown and saying, Hey I thought LeBron wasn't showing the initiative that he showed in game three, that's totally fair. But if you're then using that as some like Hey Jordan will never do that. Jordan won't never fucking go. It's like dude, I don't wanna do this. It makes me actually wanna talk about Angel Reese more so that doesn't happen. Look Angel Reese post up. I think we should have, I ran into Rich Paul recently and it was funny 'cause I thought he was coming over to give me shit about something I said and honestly dude, he's so good.


He's so good with people. I was like, Hey man. And he is like, what's up? And I was like, are you getting on my case? Because he's like man I don't care about any of that shit. He's like, I dunno what you're talking. And then he started talking to me about college football. He's like, I love like the stuff that you and Van and how much you love college football. And I was like, God, I forgot. 'cause I hadn't talked to him forever and I was like, I forgot like how good he is. Compliments our currency. Yeah. Right. And he but it again in a very genuine way, which I think is like our good friend Tim. Tim Walsh, he's like the Rich Paul of my friend group. Timmy Walsh. Right. Tim is interested in you.


He's complimentary, he's sincere and it always is actually very genuine. It's not, it's us. So anyway, I don't know that I'll have Rich Paul on to defend himself against David Faulk 'cause I can't fucking take it anymore. Every time I see a first take clip that actually like legitimately addresses It. He did it on Friday. It couldn't have been more news. It was basketball news galore. But Guess what it, it's the same reason why like when ESPN tagged the Kaitlyn Clark, like they lost it was Brianna Stewart got that awful foul call. Look at me, your guy. And there was, there was like the headline was like despite Kaitlyn Clark's efforts Yeah the Liberty, did they lose the Liberty?


I don't know. And then it was like, oh look what? Look what they're doing. It's like no they're not, they're not doing anything. They're giving you what you want because somebody is going to click on that. Because it led with Caitlin despite Kaitlyn Clark's effort not hey Liberty win on controversial late free throws. And it is the same thing as LeBron is that like until people start going, I can't fucking take it anymore. I'm not clicking on this, I'm not watching the videos. But I imagine the results are still there even though what is left, there's not only, there's no fucking bone left, forget meat on the bone. The bone has disintegrated the carbon dating on this thing and I've yet to meet anybody.


Have you met anyone who's changed their mind And I again, I just did five minutes on it. So you go, You mean the one person who was like I was having a, I was at a party on Memorial Day weekend. I met this guy and he thought LeBron was the goat and we had a drink and I laid out the case for MJ and he changed his mind. He was like, I hadn't thought of it that way's, I'm now on team MJ for the goat debate. I'm telling you right now, like if you are a guy in the TV opinion world and you already have to be like being invited to being on shows. Like I can't, the college kids listening right now, I'm like, I don't know if you're gonna have the platform do it. That would be the move. Like instead of, you know where Skip was just, he was moving all of his belongings out just to be open LeBron storage.


Yeah, but like Skip was moving his stuff outta the LeBron storage unit and he was putting in his ant storage unit because he thought he was like, you know these old timey writers think these nicknames are actually fucking funny. Where it's like Can't man can't man. And you're like, oh that's can't man ruffles McHenry in the Globe in 1981. Thought of That in the shower as he's doing the Ray Liotta finding out the heist happens. He's a can't man I did it. The move would be for an opinion guy that's like not maybe not getting the, you know, it's like ah, I got another fill in shift. Like I'm not even a headcount. Yeah, the move would be July 5th show. That's when you're having me Wait. So the jump is live on location and then it second and you want me to be the backup third person in the LA Live.


So videos But greenie's not gonna be on Getup. And I'm only out of the first half hour That happened to us on getup once, it was like, who is it? It's Cassidy Illa and who? Right. And that person didn't show up July 5th. Yeah. Yeah. I think that'd be a win. I think that'd be a real lane. Its' be like I'm open. I haven't decided No to go on record and say after the next 'cause it's gonna come again. Come up again. Be like, I've been in the lab, I've been doing the research, I'm gonna lay it out. I've changed my mind, changed my mind guys. I don't think he exists in TV right now.


Here's the, here's, it's funny 'cause we're making fun of this, but I'm also talking about a LeBron Cleveland scenario. I'm just wondering if it all ends with him going back to Cleveland. By the way, I'm not inventing this people, this has been floating around for, It lasts three, four weeks and people have been wondering just be after how it ended for Cleveland. It's like, okay, what could they do? There's a couple different ways. First of all, I'm pretty sure, unless I, I, unless I don't think I'm wrong, that they could just trade Jared Allen and Deandre Hunter for LeBron James and take the second year of his deal and maybe give him a one year extension. That's a trade that I, according to the trade machine, which still operates on, on, on ESPN.


Apparently that's a trade that works. Yeah. I am so nervous with the trade machine now too because stuff that works it's, It's like stat news. You just don't dunno. Yeah, you just dunno. Stat news, It's just like, it's says it, I, I don't know if I believe it but it's claiming this works. You could have the LeBron opt out and then sign for a smaller deal. So like they, it could just be LeBron for Jared Allen a trade that I'm not even sure Cleveland would wanna do because LeBron's gonna be 41 years old next year. But he could opt out, do a deal around like 20 million straight up trade for Allen. Or he could opt out of his deal and sign with them for the 12.9 mid-level or he could sign with them for the minimum.


Yeah. But I don't know. See this is where You could just be like, I'm passing up, I, I could have made 50 million. I wanna win one more title in Cleveland. So badly I left that money on the table 'cause that's how much I wanna win. It'd be nice if you would do it for the Lakers Would be like help. I'm off their cap now. Help. Yeah. I felt like I owe this to the Lakers. I hate to, I hate to do this but Yeah, you kind of like this. No, no, no. But this is the problem. Like whenever you and I are just bullshitting and talking about trades and like different stuff and then it's like, oh that actually isn't allowed. And then you just want to yell at it.


No, I did some, I did some chicken. We're Third team in this guy. Just pick one third team to move some of the stuff around. If Cleveland is over the tax though, they're not gonna have the full non-pay tax mid-level, which is 14 I think. I think this year. So now we're talking like 5 million. Look, if he's given up 50 million You might be right. He's, He's probably giving up. I would say one of the things that was very consistent about the way LeBron has handled the finances here is that even if it wasn't that much of a haircut, because it was a sign of trade in Miami, but there was always like this position of, hey, LeBron isn't the highest paid player in the league, isn't the highest paid player in the league.


There was always like 97% He was, he was pretty much right there. And then when they did this last deal, my guess is they're doing these deals the way they're doing 'em so that he has the flexibility to opt out and then tack on the next year with the next option. And the Lakers were just, I mean I guess the Lakers could have played hardball with 'em last year but they didn't wanna do that. Kobe famously was like, I'm going to get paid every dollar I deserve. I'm I deserve. Yeah. Until the end of my career. Yeah. Because I've made you guys a shitload of money and there will be no haircut. Pay me. Just fundamentally, if they were able to add LeBron and keep Garland, let's say he did the minimum thing, let's say he said fuck it, let's stack the calves.


And they were finishing games with Alan and Moby and LeBron and Mitchell and Garland. It's pretty interesting in a weakened east. I don't think it's gonna happen, but it was the craziest thing I could think of that I could also, I wouldn't be like, oh my God, like with the Luca trade, I wouldn't be like, oh my God he is going back to Cleveland 'cause we've already done this with him. And it would be an interesting way for his career to end if he felt like he had one year left. What do you think Mitchell reaction? And Again, I'm not the first person who thought of this. I'm not taking credit for it. What if Mitchell, what do you think Mitchell would say to his closest friend?


Awesome. This is sweet, Cool. The goat. I think there's some pretty, there's some pretty interesting issues that come into play pretty quickly, right? Yeah. I don't, I get what you're talking about here, but I don't, I don't really know that it makes that much sense for them. It feels too risky weirdly for Cleveland. Yeah. Who won 64 games like the Allen and Hunter for LeBron. If you're doing that, it's partly because you're trying to maybe dump contracts in the long term. You're gonna take the hit for one year with the money, but then long term you're actually gonna reset your your cap.


'cause they can get away with some second apron stuff next year. Just not the year after. I was trying to think, is there any other team I could see him wanting to go to that would give him a chance to win the title? The Pacers for the mid-level? I don't think of, I don't think the Pacers would go. Dallas was Interesting. Full circle As as one too because a kid, a kid in Ad and Cooper Flags there, Kyree coming back. I dunno. That was the only other one I could think of. Because otherwise he stays with the Lakers and they trade Reeves. And if I was a Laker fan, I'm not sure that's the outcome I'd be hoping for.


Right. Like, oh cool, we're gonna now if to trade res, although Luca, I don't know if you saw the pictures of Luca recently. He's, I don't trust pictures. I don't trust video clips. I don't trust pictures. It's slim. Looks like he had some Caesar salad wraps. Some carrot juice. I don't know. You gimme a golf weekend with my buddies and a Monday. I look like something's wrong with me. That's how I'm gonna feel after this three day weekend. Is Something wrong with you? Did you go out last night? You, you were a little, you were a little choppy to start the pod today. What do you mean choppy? I'm just tired. Were you tired? Were you up late last night doing something in Hollywood?


No, I'm just old. That's what it is. What's going on? I think we need to address this. What's up with you with the pickleball thing? You hit that guy right in the head. What is it? I don't play pickleball. That's what I would tell a jury. I've never ever played pickleball. You've never played pickleball indoors and assaulted Somebody. I've never played pickleball. I've never held a pickleball racket That wasn't, I think ball is reprehensible. That wasn't what wasn't me. Whatcha are talking about. There's footage of you.


Of Me. Yeah. Go in. Let's do this. We'll do this, do a live. Okay. Are you gonna send this to me? Send, yeah. You know what, I'll actually send it to you. Okay. Because I've been tagged on it a million times and I, it was unavoidable. So let's see here. This is people getting pissed. Our mobile Giannis thing again. Oh, was That people still mad about that Two weeks ago? Can you, can somebody? Nobody's with you right now, right? Alright, I'm gonna, I'm gonna go into the hell of Twitter and Google my name with pickleball and see what happens.


That does look like me. I would, first of all, I would never wear a green shirt. Definitely. Oh, oh my God. Gave it to that guy, The kick and another guy comes in. How about your backpedaling though? Like that guy looked like he was ready to, he was on the longest drive at some charity event after like a couple noo. It Was not me. I swear. Swear that's not you. I swear in the lives of my kids. I've never played pickleball. I'm glad we could clear that Up. Yeah. Thanks. Thank you for clearing that up. I didn't know this was a thing. This is amazing. Yeah, I hate pickleball.


I'm already on the record. I think it's one of the worst things that's happened in, It lasts 10 years from a competitive sports standpoint. I don't like hearing the noises. I don't like the people that play, there's a ton of injuries with them. 'cause people feel like they're like playing like a adult ping pong and don't realize they're gonna blow out their ligaments and Achilles. It's fucking stupid. Just play tennis. Just play tennis. Tennis is great. We've had tennis forever. There's tennis courts everywhere. Pick up a tennis court, you'll get more exercise. That's where I stand on pickleball. Well, it seems like some people take it a little too seriously. So that's another thing Apparently For your argument.


Plus indoor fighting Jesus with rackets. All right, Illa, you're doing your podcast Tuesday. I'm doing something Tuesday night. If you had to pick a, which series ends sooner? Right now we're We're doing this for Indiana and New York. Okay. KC, You think KC five still? I feel like there are more problems that are unsolvable for Minnesota in that series than I do for New York Pacers. But you know, I also say that knowing, I thought Minnesota would be more competitive in one of those two games. I guess you could say they were competitive for quarters one, two, and four, and both of them. And you look at the halftime stuff like, hey, they're sort of in it.


I just look at OKC as being that much better than everybody because of that defense. I did two Indiana bets before the series. For the series. I did two bets in the KC Minnesota series. I bet the over five and a half games and I bet OKC to win parlayed with Indiana. Those were my two. I thought it was gonna go six games. Minnesota wasn't feeling too good about that after game two, but five or six. We'll see. All right Racc, enjoy your Memorial Day weekend. Thanks for popping on with us. Alright, thank you. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Priscilla and Gaal and Eduardo. Don't forget new re watchable.


Come in Monday night, heaven can wait and Iowa Avenue. New podcast on Tuesday. Enjoy the rest of the weekend. See you then. You Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in president dc. Gambling problem. Call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland.


Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by MICHELOB ULTRA. What do I look forward to every NBA playoff season? Well, I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens. I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Belcher, the official beer partner of the BA plus. They're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside. Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary. Open to US residents. 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mick low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free. Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules, message and data rates may apply void where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. Every basketball team that's still alive in the playoffs has one thing in common. Their key trades and signings throughout the season paid off giving each team the talent needed to make a run at the championship. With a small business, your success directly depends on the new talent you add to your team. And a great place to find that talent is linked in. They know hiring is a big deal for small businesses, not only because small businesses are wearing so many hats, but also because every hire is crucial for a growing company. That's why LinkedIn pairs you with the best candidates using data you won't find anywhere else from unique skills and interests to the connections you have in common. LinkedIn also lets you go beyond candidates who are actively applying in a given week. 171 million LinkedIn members aren't actively seeking jobs, but they are open to new opportunities. That's a big pool to miss out on. So find your next grid. Hire on LinkedIn. Post your job for free at LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.