
Coming up. I got a lot of football for you, including a Pat's Jets reaction.


Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action with FanDuel. They have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays. They have same game parlays. They have boosts. I'm gonna be doing boosts every single week during the NF NFL season. And you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. And when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg-help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode for additional details. Must be 21 plus President Select state's game problem called winning 800 ga. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network, where we put up a new episode on Monday night. We did John Wick. It was me and Chris Ryan, an old friend Shea Serrano. So much fun to have him pass through our universe again. We missed him. you can watch that podcast on The Ringer movies, YouTube channel or you can just listen to it. Hey, speaking of The Ringer Podcast Network, we launched a new podcast this week. The Ringer, WNBA show hosted by Sead Sohi. We tried out a couple episodes on The Ringer NBA show and now that the playoffs Coming up, we said Fuck it, let's launch it as its own feed. It's a really good podcast and if you like the WNBA and if it's been growing on you, you've been a long time fan, whatever, I think there's something for everybody.


But playoffs are Coming up this weekend, four games on Sunday. All the matchups are gonna be set over the weekend and, and we are gonna be off and it's gonna be really interesting. Wwn BA has got this weird thing for round one that I think they came up with 'cause the travel. But the first two games for the higher seat are at home. And then the third game, if it's a decider, the do or die game is actually at the Lower Seeds place. So there's a chance Caitlyn Clark in Indiana could potentially be playing at home in the Do or die game, but pretty interesting. A lot of good matchups, lot of lot of possible ways it can go and see.


It's gonna be covering all of it. So check that podcast out. Please subscribe. And there you go. Coming up on this podcast, we're gonna talk to Joe House. We're putting him at the top today because we're gonna react to Pat's jets and then we're gonna do Billion Dollar Picks. And as you know, it's late night house. All bets are off. There might have been a couple beers. He's gonna be a little groggy. We decided not to go live on YouTube with late Night House 'cause it might also double his drunk house. But anyway, he's coming out. We're do Million Dollar Picks and then playing five favorites after that with Steven Ruiz five Hottest Takes. After two weeks, he has an absolute doozy about a certain coach. I don't wanna spoil it, but man was it good.


And then Craig Beck, our friend who produces the re watchable podcast for me is on The Ringer fantasy football show and do five favorite subplots after two weeks. So that's the podcast in our, All right, we are taping this a little after eight o'clock Pacific time. Just watch the Patriots get absolutely annihilated by the Jets.


Joe House is here. We're gonna do million Dollar Picks. But let's talk Pat's Jets first. The big Takeaway from me, house Rogers looked kind of like Rogers. Like there was stuff he was doing in this game that was just different than the first two games. He was moving around. The quick throws, the timing. I, I just thought he looked really, really good. Didn't you think? I did. And this is the version of the Jets that had some of us investing in Jets Futures, this preseason jets as potential a FC East Division winners. Is this, is this late night house or drunk house? I can't, or both? It's, I don't Two bourbons.


You tell me. Two bourbons. What's that? What's that count? It's, I'm not slurring yet. I'm not, I'm not like slurring my words, but couple bourbons in. That's all I should have. Promo a drunk has better. Anyway, your point, your point being we believed in the Jets. I I had them to win the A ffc so did you, right? Yeah. Yeah. This is the version that we kind of imagined, right? This is what our mind's eye saw. It was the combination of an effective and efficient offense with multiplicity, right? Tight end co conlin plays, Brie Hall plays. Nobody knew that Breland Allen was gonna be this good, but he is. He is this good. Garrett Wilson got his touches.


Aaron Rogers moving outta the pocket. Aaron Rogers on the run. Super efficient on the run. Aaron Rogers. And then on the defensive side, just a complete shutdown of a one dimensional offense. Oh yeah. I didn't know we had a dimension. The Patriots actually ran the, the Ball pretty, what's the, what's the, what was the one dimension? The running, I guess The Patriots ran the ball pretty good. I mean, re had over 20 carries in both of the first two games. Of course I lost my over 16 and a half carries prop for tonight. 'cause the Patriots had to move off way from the run. Basically after the first series, The Pats did not get to 20 minutes time of possession in this game.


Yeah, they can't block. This was the Patriots team that I thought I was getting in August when I had all the unders and I was making them one of my locks. And they, it didn't seem like they were gonna be able to block tonight. They couldn't block Brist. Can't throw the ball more than six yards. The Jets, for some reason, the Bengals and Seahawks didn't fully realize this. And the Jets were like, we're moving everybody up. We might be sending blitzes. We might not, we're not afraid of you throwing over the top against us 'cause you won't. Everything's gonna be short and we're just gonna like completely collapse your line. Which it did. And the Drake may question that The Pats have, he came in for the last drive. I was as nervous as I've been since I was watching my kids play on like jungle gym equipment.


Just, he was like, they're gonna hand the ball off with him, right? No, no. He's just taking big hits. And the question is, do you play him? When do you play him? Is there like a Bryce Young situation where you throw him in too soon and the guy loses his confidence? 'cause the spot to play him would be after San Francisco, week four. Then they play Miami week five and there's a little stretch where you could say that's the spot. But if they can't block farm 'em, I don't think you can play them. So here's the grain of salt that must be applied to tonight and why I would recommend like not using tonight as a referendum on, on what's to come. It was A Thursday night game that you don't wanna overreact to After an overtime game on Sunday.


Yes. Like one of the worst spots. I think now the number is two and 16 against the spread and equally abysmal straight up for teams coming off of a overtime game on a Sunday into a Thursday night game. And then you layer on top of that Jared Mayo rookie head coach. Another trend that is just brutal. It was a terrible spot for the, for New England. So this was kind of, I mean, Raheem on East Coast bias that ran Thursday on FanDuel TV said this could be a smash spot for the Jets. And it was a smash spot for the Jets. I thought the Pats were gonna either win by three or lose by 20. And the 20 seemed more realistic.


But A after the first two drives, You can't overreact after a Thursday night game. You can't overreact after Adrian Woodkey retires either. Like Adam Shefter did. He wanted his life back. He didn't wanna have to work on holidays. He didn't wanna have to be away from more family gatherings. I'll say this, he Didn't wanna wanna take a shower with your phone up against the shower door so you can see a text that's coming in or take your phone with you to the urinal and hold it in one hand while you take care of your business in the other. That's the life we live. That's the thing Adam Schefter said on television. What is, is it very dramatic asking? Was he an ER doctor during that? During Covid?


IIII wasn't sure The phone in the shower could go a lot of different ways. I mean, you Imagine, oh my God, the Charlotte GMs texted me, I gotta hold this piss. What, what happened yesterday? What was that? I'll just say this. Whenever you kick me off this podcast, I will say I take great comfort in the idea that I can retire and then I'll be the GM of the Holy Cross basketball team. That's about that. I have, you Should do front of me right now. Would is that job available? Well, I don't want you to fire me. I don't wanna get fired. I don't No. if you were the G of the Holy Cross basketball team, I'd be excited. I don't know if sounds good. Trade off. I like this. This is better. I could have two bourbons and talk to you. It's kind of, you know, it feels like less pressure.


Other highlights from tonight, pat Jets Rogers kind of had a weird moment with SLA on the sidelines after a touchdown that it seemed like SLA was going in for a hug and Rogers kind of shoved him and, and then people were trying to read his lips. So what, what happened on that? No, that was, you know, two highly awkward men doing a, a machismo thing. That's all. Yeah. Like that was their version of whatever. I'm a badass. No, you're a badass. We're badass. That's what I think it was. Do you think it's Aaron Rogers? 'cause he sleeps three nights, three hours a night? Or is that agent Roger, You're asking, we cannot talk about anybody's Three hours a night.


Was he sleeping three hours a night in mid-August when there were no NBA transactions? Or was he, is he like a bear? That's when he was getting more sleep after that. The longest pass by the Patriots to wide receiver this year in three games. What do you think the number is? I mean, it's definitely under 20, isn't it? Is it, is it 15? They had a 20 a 22 yarder once A 22. Okay. Yeah, there you go. The Pats are one of those teams. If the, if they're down 10, it's a wrap. It's a wrap. If you have them On the multi-view, take 'em off. We're done. Million Dollar Picks Week three last, last, last week. Didn't do that. Great. We argued about some stuff you had some good instincts on.


Watch out for week two. Watch out for all the underdogs. Be careful your advice was good for the most part except for Pittsburgh. We're gonna try to align a little bit better in week three. But what are you looking for with, with week three trends? So we, week three, I'm still swimming in some dirty water. I try to look up the lyrics for, for for Dirty Water. I thought I might sing tonight, but I'm not, I'm not up for it. The o and two teams that are underdogs in week three tend to have some value. And the reason for that is because, you know, the inflation of the market in looking at the teams saying, oh, these are the teams that really suck and there's a, a, you know, layered in some adverse pricing on them.


So there's a handful of teams I'm looking at. I I I really like Tennessee this week. Now they're a favorite. They don't fit that trend. But I like that. I like Tennessee the Cults. So did you read about Tennessee? Tell me about Tennessee. Will Levi, his number got out his cell phone number and people were being mean to him? Oh no. And he had to change his cell phone number's bad. His Coach was also mean to him. I'm worried about the will Levi Mojo slash what's his confidence gonna look like? I don't think he's Mr. Popularity in Tennessee right now. And that's also a home game. What if things go sideways?


Are there, are the Boo birds gonna be out? He's, do You think we could get FanDuel to ride a prop for how many times will Brian Callahan ask Will Leviis, what the fuck are you doing? It was like, set it at 0.5 and then let us jump in on, on that market. I think that would be the best part of being an NFL coach. It might be the last job where you can scream at somebody that works for you. What the fuck are you doing while you're being filmed by cameras all over the place? Hey, before we get to million Dollar Picks, actually I, for the first time ever am gonna be diving into WNBA playoff bets. Hey now Yeah, I've been following it just enough.


We just launched The Ringer WNBA show with sir it and there's four games on Sunday. We like gambling on basketball. We're not allowed to, to bet on the NBA until the season starts on October 22nd. We we're just not allowed to bet on preseason at all. 'cause it's stupid. But WNBA they have the series prices House. Would you like to hear them? Yes, I'm very interested in this. Okay. I'm glad you asked. Indiana is gonna be playing the Connecticut Sun a sneaky stealth, don't be surprised if some shit happens with them. Team. Which one? The sun, the fever, every, you know, the fever of the most public team probably in the history of, of women's or men's basketball where they probably had to juice the line a certain way knowing all the Caitlyn action was coming in.


But what do you think that line is? Sun versus fever? You mean for the series? Is there a series price for Yeah. Games one and two in Connecticut. And if it's game three, it's Do or die, it would be in Indiana. 'cause they have this weird rule with that. So what do you think it's Connecticut is the, is the tiniest favorite like a teeny tiny favorite Connecticut minus 1 78. Wow. Yeah, that's a giant number. That's way they're Playing than guess they've been really good the last few weeks. So you got that. Do we really think, do we really think that the WNBA in this first season at the tip top market place Yeah.


That the fever occupy is gonna count against Caitlyn Clark getting knocked out in the first round. Do we really think that? Well here's the question. Commissioner Kathy, I don't know if she's got David Stern in her, but the question is, yeah, what would dj what would DJ JS do? Listen, I'm getting into a game three. No matter what happens, you have to go 1999 LJ four point shot level officiating. Yeah. How many kids did Bennett Salvato have? And what are they doing right now? And are, are any of them eligible to be A-W-N-B-A ref? That's my only question. So you have that the links are minus 900 over over Phoenix, which could be TE Rossi's last stand, the ACEs minus four 60 over the storm.


That seems like a layup. And then the Liberty are heavily favored against Atlanta. So the smart the smart parlay house would be Minnesota, Connecticut and, and Las Vegas plus one 11 on FanDuel. Oh, I like that. Now why is that the smart parlay. It's the smart, it's the thinking man's parlay. The problem is you're betting against Kaitlyn Clark, which means you're betting against fun. I'm not doing that. Yeah, I don't, I don't wanna Do that. But I think that would be my recommendation. And I've, I've, I don't wanna root against Kaitlyn Clark. Yeah. Like all of America. She's been super fun. She turned that team around with that said, I think that's the, the thinky man's smart be okay, fine.


Let's talk about some stay aways for week three. NFL. Let's hear it. Bears Colts to me is just a complete cross it off. I want no part of that game. I don't know if the Bears can block the Colts have the worst defense in the league. I don't wanna bet on Anthony Richardson. I don't wanna bet on the Bears. I don't wanna bet on Matt Iber fleece. I want no part of the game. I kind of like the Colts. I understand your, your perspective. The danger for the Colts is that the Bears Defense I think is sneaky. It's a little frisky. Yeah. Very Good. Yeah. I mean they're, they're with what they did to, to CJ Stroud now for Houston. We just watched it was a a, an island game.


Right. We got to see the full, at full game. Both of those teams. When Joe Mixon went out, it really changed what they were trying to do. Yeah. And you know, there are a couple teams now that that really could use a running back. Houston is one. Kansas City is the other that comes to mind immediately. They ought to be out there quietly in it. I Mean, Kansas City's starting an undrafted white guy and they just signed Kareem Hunt who was running a 5 2 40 last year. So this is what Yeah, so I, I expect to see Houston. I mean maybe Mix could could be back. It sounds like it's possible for this weekend. I don't know. But the Chiefs were like, yeah, we brought back Kareem Hunt. The guy you waved after that video. Well that was six years ago. He's a different guy now.


We need to run it back. We're back. I got, we worse things on this team. I like the cols in that cult spares matchup. That's all. I don't like either of them. Broncos bucks. It's Broncos plus six and a half against the Bucks. And I actually kind of like the Broncos, but I wouldn't bet on it. I I was really impressed by them in the second half of the Pittsburgh game. I thought that kind of controlled the second half. They just, you know, didn't make a couple plays to have a rookie qb. But they played really hard in that game. I Think your instincts are right. I am into the Broncos in this game. It's too many points and it's many Points. Two one score games for Denver.


Really the only thing holding them back is their rookie quarterback. Right. The defense is not horrendous. This that's a tease buster game. That's one of those, oh, I'll put Tampa and Tease. They're good. And I'm not putting Tease, not me, Packers, Titans, you mentioned that. I just, I'm out both ways on that. Plus there's like some Jordan Love possibilities that line's moved because now they're thinking he might come back for that. Giants Browns was one I stared at for a second because I just don't think the Browns should be six and a half over anybody. But I can't get there with the Giants 'cause they stick. But that line, I I thought that line was too high too. It's Too high. I mean this, this is the, the both the Giants and Denver fit the trend and it's a 60% hit rate and there are at least five teams.


So three of these five teams are, if you believe in the math over the last 25 years gonna cover, so both the Giants and Denver are eligible. Oh. And two teams against the spread is underdogs in week three, 60% hit rate. Brian Dayal should do the just randomly retire and be like, he wanted his life back. He didn't wanna have to diagram place for Daniel Jones anymore In the shower. He was staying up at night thinking of ways to, to roll. Daniel d Jones's out when he can't throw Complete pass his phone in the shower, diagramming Danny Ds runs, bailout, runs Raiders, Panthers, Raiders, Panthers a complete stay away. I want, I would probably lean toward the Panthers, but I'm not betting On them.


It is, it is. The Panthers is the only side to play there. Yeah. And then Bengals, your team Washington, your team has that late garbage time. It's Bengal seven and a half. Your team has that late kind of garbage. Nobody's watching anymore. And Daniels is just lighting it up in the fourth quarter of a meaningless game. But I'm not betting on that either. Well those, That game is interesting for a couple of reasons. There's a couple angles I want to just sort of observe out loud in the first place. Washington very quietly by some advanced metrics has a really efficient offense. Yeah. They are running the ball and they understand that there's an advantage to running the ball early in the season. Now, unfortunately, quite a bit of those runs are coming from the quarterback and Right.


He is not built for running. I mean, at least I had one text exchange on Sunday like, oh that's it. We're not gonna see him now for another two months. He took one shot in the ribs, was like, oh he just broke four ribs. Yeah. So there, there are going to be at least one of those hits a game. I really like Cincinnati in a teaser capacity in this game. Yeah. And I also have to, we're not doing Teasers. I, I cannot, we're not doing teasers this week. I cannot, I cannot emphasize this enough for all the betting buddies out there Washington against a top receiver. This is the third straight week. You must look at Jamar Chase D'S nuts overs, Jamar, chase D's nuts over receptions and over receiving yards.


Look at Malik Neighbors. Look at who they play in week one, both Godwin and Evans. Evans had, you know, one of his career games. Jamar Chase these nuts overs. Gotta do it. Wasn't that that was Chris Berman's nickname for him, right? He did it three the fastest three minutes in football. Yes. That's the three minutes. Jamar chase these nuts. 49 ERs Rams is just a stay away. And Jawan Jennings looks like he might be the number 1 49 ERs receiver. I don't know who the number one Rams receiver is and No thank you. Good Luck. Good luck to anyone trying to figure that game out. I like the Falcons against the Chiefs plus three and a half.


But I'm not betting it because that seems like a classic. Oh I, I liked how they looked on Monday night. But then you think about it, the Eagles just should have won the game outright and I don't wanna bet against the Chiefs. Let's just Stick a tiny bit longer on that game. Okay. It's worth observing that the Chiefs have not been very super impressive. Now they did have games against Baltimore and Cincinnati. Two of their all time conference foes. They were crucial games. Both of those games were 50 50 games the Chiefs could easily be owe to. And the Chiefs as favorites of over three points. Mahomes in his career. Not that great of a record. Not that impressive. Well plus they're not gonna be able to run the ball with the lead. 'cause they have That's right.


Carson Steele and washed up Kareem Hood. But I don't wanna bet on, on Kirk Cousins. And you don't wanna bet on Kirk Cousins. I don't. So Let's not bet on Kirk Cousins. Here's the big one I wanna talk out and I think we're gonna land on, let's stay away from this. But Seahawks minus four and a half against the Dolphins, that line's moved down toward the dolphins. And there's, you know, the Seahawks can't really block, they barely beat a Patriots team that as we just saw tonight, is borderline abhorrent. Kenneth Walker's out. Char Benet wasn't great replacing him. You could argue Little Ewing theory possibility with, with possibility. Skyler Thompson. I was looking at Seattle first half Seattle game minus one 20.


Yeah. Which, which is a bet that's been good to us last year and this year too. The question is Skyler Thompson, I heard you on The Ringer gambling show. You guys were mentioning like he played well in that Buffalo game. And I was like, I don't remember that that way. And I went back and researched it. So they lost that Buffalo playoff game with Skyward Thompson 34 to 31. It's like, wow. He put up 31 points. That's great. He was 18 for 45 for 220 yards. He had two picks the game, it was 17, nothing. Buffalo Allen, Josh Allen had two interceptions and a fumble touchdown that went to Miami.


So that was seven of the points. So really they had 24 and they kept turning the ball over Miami got a 50 yard kick return. Miami had field position on Buffalo's 48 Buffalo's, 27 Buffalo's 18. And they got the fumble td and then when they actually had a chance to win a late Thompson couldn't make a play. So if you're gonna use that game, I would actually go back and look at the details. And if you look at the rest of Skylar Thompson's game's, not not great. I, I think we've swung too far with the two A thing where it's like, yeah, somebody else could go in and do that. And I don't think that's the case. So I'm looking at that Seattle defense wondering if they just take a lead and put the game away.


But anyway, first half game minus one 20, what are your thoughts? So I absolutely prefer that to messing with the spread. No, no doubt about it. My hesitation with Seattle is the tough spot. Like we just watched New England coming off of that overtime game into the Jets game. Now there's a huge difference between coming off of that for New England, a sh a short week into a Thursday night road game. But Seattle off of that overtime game having to come all the way back across country. And you say, well Miami has to go across country too. Yes, that's true. It's a long flight. But they had all, you know, the 10 day rests, right? 'cause they played Thursday night last week and they've had that extra time with McDaniel to scheme Skylar.


Now for sure the numbers are abysmal. They're not Malik Willis abysmal for Skyler Thompson. But there's a noticeable material difference in the output of both Tyreek Hill and Jalen Waddle and especially Waddle with Skyler at at quarterback. I don't think we have to bet it, but if we did have to bet it, I would do what your instinct is, which is you might have other bets. Lake, Seattle, first half and Seattle to win the game. All right, we're gonna take a break and then we're gonna hit the games that we're targeting here.


Football is back. There's no better place to get in on the NFL Action and FanDuel America's number one sports book. Right now all customers give up $5 to get a three week free trial of NFL Sunday Ticket from YouTube and YouTube tv. And then you'll be able to watch every regular season Sunday afternoon out out of market game Plus the FanDuel. You don't have to even leave the app to access realtime stats and data to help you make even more winning bets. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. You must be 21 plus 18 plus in DC President Select states offer ends 9 22 24. After three week free trial, the full price of NFL Senate Ticket will be automatically charged seasonally, cancel anytime, no refunds, terms restrictions and embargoes apply. YouTube TV base plan required to watch YouTube TV redemption requires a Google account and current form of payment gambling prom Call 100 gambler or visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by the HBO original limited series. The Penguin Max, the city will be his starring Academy Award nominee Colin Farrell as Oz Cob, AK the Penguin. The eight episode HBO original limited series continues the epic crime saga that began with the global blockbuster. The Batman. Don't miss the show. Everyone will be talking about the Penguin now streaming with new episodes Sunday at 9:00 PM on max.


All right, games we're targeting in no particular order. First of all, feel free, is there a way for you to hurt me through the Zoom screen? Can you electroshock me somehow? Feel free because I like the Jaguars again. I like I'm back the dumbest team in the league. I fucking hate their guts. And yet they're getting four and a half in Buffalo and, and I'm seduced yet again. I hate myself. I I I'm with you there. And the reason is because the Jaguars have won the box score in both of those first two games. It is, you know, they, they have absolutely snatched defeat from the jaws of victory.


They sure have twice they should at an absolute bare minimum have one win. And it's really taken a a a series of, you know, a a folly series of folly for them to be in this position that they're in. It's a tough spot. All we're Asking for. It's a Monday night game, by the way we should mention. Yeah. All we're asking for is the version that they've shown us in these first two weeks. And then just don't make the stupid plays. Don't do the bonehead thing. Don't have the turnover in the red zone zone. So four and a half is is the line right now, right? I it's too many Points. They're two, it basically, this is their entire season.


Yeah, right. They're playing at Houston next week, then they have home Indianapolis Home, Chicago home Pats. There's a world where if they could just win this game, if they can split the next two, they're four and three after week seven. And we're like, oh, remember when Jacksonville fucked up those first two weeks? I watched both of those games and I just couldn't believe they didn't beat Miami and I couldn't believe the Cleveland game. I just couldn't understand what they were doing. Buffalo's had they lost Terrell Bernard, who they lost him against, neither him or Milano. They also lost Johnson, their slot cornerback. So they're missing 3, 3, 3 good starters.


Now they still have a pass rush, but the, the back half, the secondary just isn't there. And if this was ever a game for Lawrence to get his shit going, this is the game. I don't know why they don't throw to Brian Thomas Jr Moore, by the way, you're gonna hear this before Monday night. You're gonna hear it in the pre-game and you're gonna hear it during the game. Trevor Lawrence has lost seven straight games. I feel like this is a kitchen sink game for them. They have to win this game. This is it. You're pulling all the, all the tricks. You're opening the trunk of your car and fucking going hunting in the back for anything. I think they hang around. I like their cheap touchdown potential too. Even if they're down 10. I'm with you a hundred percent.


I, I I Like this. So we're, I endorsed this. We're In plus four and a half the, I hate myself. Let's run it back a third time somehow. Weeks. I'm gonna make a joke that Saru and Kyle are gonna have to edit, but I just wanna get it off. 'cause I was, I I was thinking it the whole time. All Right, we're coming back. We have to start this part again because late night house just crossed a couple lines, but we're back. Umm, probably maroon on the YouTube. Alright, next one. Steelers Chargers. I heard you saying Ringer Gambling show. This is Steelers minus one and a half. And you, you like the Chargers on a, On a tease. I love it. I still love it. I'm not chasing my mind, Which I'm not against. Yeah. Pittsburgh's defense. Top three in red zone.


First Downs allowed third down. Percentage turnovers, points allowed. They've been awesome. Awesome. And we're just, when you think about what they did to Atlanta versus what Philly didn't do to Atlanta, a week later, they've been really good. The Chargers run, run, run, run, run. Herbert's banged up. It's easy to do when you have the lead. This to me feels like a, whoever gets the lead first. I just, I like the Steelers team. I think this is a tough spot for the Chargers on the road with receivers. They don't really trust, not really able to throw the ball one dimensional against, I think the best defense in either conference. And I think this is just defense field goals.


Tomlin Fields makes a couple plays and I go into this eyes wide open that I know Justin Fields has a pick in them. A fumbled snapping him, a fumble, trying to do too much. I I, I will never at any play feel safe with him. But I like the, I honestly think the line should be three. I think there's, I think you're getting a point and a half here. So I'll confess that my single biggest regret for million Dollar Picks last week was not listening to you and joining you in the Steelers bone minus two and a half against Bone next. I I yeah, because but your Instincts were right on the other one. On the other one. You coach Tomlin fan of Cleveland Coach Tomlin against a rookie quarterback.


I was a little bit concerned about, you know, the Steelers as a favorite and it was a tough spot for them. Two consecutive road games. The altitude, I just talked myself. I let myself get spooked by it. There Were real reasons though. There are two consecutive row games altitude. And by the way, they barely hung on, they didn't do anything in The second game. Well that, I mean that, that, that's right. Not gonna make that mistake this g this week. And here's the reason why more prominent than anything else, if Justin Herbert is compromised in any way, shape, or form, and it seems like he's probably gonna be compromised even if he does indeed play. Yeah, this is a super tough spot because the thing that Pittsburgh will do is take away the run.


Yeah. The Chargers have been extraordinary at the, at the run, but that is their one dimension. And Pittsburgh I think has the right defense to take that dimension away. So if Herbert has to face a pass rush and he is immobile in the way that it seems like he might be, this is a bad spot for the charger. So I really like this, this Steelers lean, Everyone was afraid of the Steelers because of their 11 week, 11 through 17 schedule Properly. If they get through this game, they win this game. They're at Indie next week against Richardson who the ball is just flying around. You have no idea where it's going.


Home Dallas, on a Sunday night, week five at Vegas, week six, and then home for the Jets. Home for the Giants. Bye week they win this game That, that could be like seven and one, six and two range. And I think their defense is good enough. I really think their de you could argue the Saints might have the best offense in either league right now, regular season version. And you could argue the Steelers have the best defense. So we both like Steelers minus one and a half, that's two Lions minus three in Arizona against our beloved Cardinals who have covered both weeks.


Phenomenal. Who we should have taken. I actually, I thought we agreed last week to take them and then I forgot to do it. What? When I actually did the picks. Yeah. I went back and I was like, wait, I don't, I don't think I actually said Cardinals. My, I I just fucked it up. So that's our fault. But couple things with this game and Raheem hit on the angle that I had planned for this, for in on The Ringer gambling show that the lions, you're just, you're just getting good value on this. 'cause they only scored 16 points last week against Tampa. But if you actually watch that game, they dominated their game plan was was super wonky. They threw 55 times. 'cause Tampa's secondary was banged up. They should just run the ball. I think this is like a, Hey, let's get our offense going.


Let's get back to who we are. Let's pound the ball. Arizona can't stop the run. Let's fucking pound the ball, let's run down their throats. Little play action. Let's get our guys going. It's indoors and let's just get back to who we are. if you believe in the Lions as a Super Bowl contender, they have to win this game. The cars house money they won last week. This was probably the hardest game and the hardest home game in their schedule. And if they hang around, it's a bonus. So I, I don't know, I I just think the lion should win. It's a perfect number. And the look ahead for this game was Detroit by four and a half. And it's moved a full point and a half from, you know, just, just at the end of the summer up to this moment because of, you know, the, the, the Curious inability of of Detroit to score any points.


Yeah. They had 20 points in in, in the, over the course of the regular stretch of the game against the Rams. It took them over time to get to 26 points against a Rams defense that's supposed to be in transition. And then a Tampa defense that all of the handicapping going into week two was all the injuries that are decimating the Tampa secondary that this Detroit team couldn't take advantage of. And, and you know, some miraculously, Clint Kubiak has jumped right over Ben Johnson as the sexiest assistant in in the NFL, maybe Maybe Ben Johnson's rattled. We need, We need Ben. He's like, I thought I was the sexy oc.


I'm not the sexy OC anymore. Oh, I'm gonna have Jared Goro 55 times. Ben Johnson better put the Johnson on the table. It's time to rush the effing football, hit the ball off, run it down there. That's it. But when they did that in the overtime in the Rams game, he was like, oh, you know what we should do, run the ball. Oh really, doc? You think so? So the other element to this that I love that matches up with the way that we're scripting this thing out is the under 51 and a half is a crazy number if we high that what Detroit is gonna do is just ball control. Own the game with the best offensive line in football, which is what they have. Yeah. And, and just take care of business. Come on, Detroit, I'm, I'm not messing with that 'cause of Kyler into the game, into the half stuff.


I get it. That guy can put up seven points in like five seconds. So Lion's minus three re marking that down. I can't believe how much I like this next one. I'm just gonna admit the defeat on the Saints, I thought they were gonna be terrible. They've been completely reinvigorated by the new coach. And I wonder like maybe there's like 16, 17 teams that are all basically the same team. And then if you give them a really good coach or somebody who's innovative, that team can just jump. 'cause this Saints team was dog shit last year. Now all of a sudden it was kind of shocking to watch how fast they were, how creative they were.


And I think it's sustainable. And a lot of the stats from those first two weeks, we talk about it later in the podcast too. But a lot of the stats from the first two weeks really for Bode future, at least regular season dominance for enough to, For Bode or foretold For, I we're old enough to remember foretold. I listen, it's late. I I just watched Drake may get thrown down nine times in four minutes in Rattle. I who had to bourbon. Go Ahead. I've only slept three hours that we're old enough to remember the 99 ribs that came outta nowhere. Nobody believed it for weeks, weeks. We were like, what is this Kurt Warner Arena football?


What's happening? Whoa. They look fast. Oh, I watched the Rams again. They put up more points. What is this? I'm not saying the Saints are that, but I, I've, after the 9, 9 9 rams, I'm prepared for anything in an NF NFL season. And that team has is speed and they're well coached and they're playing this Eagles team that's bottom eight right now in passing the defense, passing Rush third down. They're 31st in yards per play. They hit Kirk Cousins twice in the entire fucking game after he got annihilated in week one. And I, I just think the Saints are gonna be too fast for them. And how about this? Maybe the Eagles aren't good.


So here, here's the caution. Yeah, the look ahead for this game was Eagles by three or by three and a half. And when you have a line movement of, you know, Six Points, six points in some point instances. I mean there are some markets, Saints' two and a half on FanDuel. But I saw some Saints by three out there like that. But Don't you think it gets a three? It probably will. Yes. I, I mean because everybody just saw the Eagles basically forfeit a Mother Fing football game. I know tees football not, I mean, kill teases, kill money, line parlays, kill it all. And it was just a complete self-inflicted wound by Siri, Mensa Siri.


And here's the thing that really to me though, kind of pushes it in the direction that we want to go. The AJ Brown thing cannot be understated or overstated, right? Whichever one is, is the Correct word. They said no explosiveness at all. Right? None. And they, they will, they can and will run the ball. Saquon's been amazing se saquon's nuts amazing thus far this season. But you know, without that, that threat, that vertical threat, we would, if Atlanta did a damn good job against this Eagles team, I thought on Monday night football. So defense Seems slow. I'm not sure their defense can play for three hours at that kind of speed.


And I like the spot for the Saints. I just, I I don't think Dallas is very good, but I thought what the Saints did to them was pretty crazy. And they scored six touchdowns in a row. So the one thing, the only thing I'll observe and, and our good power, he made this point on a East coast bias, The, Ringer gambling feed. if you like the Saints in this moment, then go just bet them For the odds. Yeah. The Supers get them, get them both for the NF to win the NFC conference and, and get a Super Bowl number now because if you're that they're, they're the, those markets don't reflect them being in the same category as the Eagles and they're favorite over the Eagles this week.


You know what's funny about that since he said that the Saints went to 12, they're 12 to one now in the NFC and they're 30 to one for the Super Bowl. When he, when he had that, it was like 15 to one. And so I think, I think some people are thinking that way anyway, But they're still behind a bunch of teams. They're still behind. They're still behind the Eagles, they're behind Dallas. They're coaches Dennis Allen. They're Would a true fact that's, that would Be the, that would Be the, that's a fair rebuttal. That's the zag, their quarterback. Is there a car? Another zag, but I think they win this game. Okay, Ravens cowboys. The only thing that worries me about this is it looks a little too easy. The Ravens are in Dallas and they're laying a point and a half.


The Ravens lose, they'll be oh three to say it's a big game would be an understatement. I don't think an own three team has ever won the Super Bowl Dallas. I don't think they can stop the run. Me either. I, they have one wide receiver target CD lamb and he's hurt Ferguson might play, might not talk about one dimensional. They have the worst running backs in the league and they look good in week one 'cause they played a shit team. They got killed last week. And I just think the speed and power of the Ravens, you know, I don't love the Ravens defense and I'm sure Dak can, can throw the ball on them, especially if they're behind. Maybe he gets some cheap, but I, I just think the speed and power they're rushing the Lamar Derrick Henry combo, that should be enough in this game.


They're just better than Dallas. It, I, I share this view with you and we're asking for so little, what's the line now? Is it still, It's minus one and a half. They can't win by fucking a fucking field goal, right? I mean it's almost worth, the money line is probably e equally fine. Just playing Baltimore on the money line rather than the one and a half. Didn't even messing with the one and a half. Yeah. Like, you know, it, it can't be that expensive to play Baltimore on the money line there, but I We'll, we'll see what's fan FanDuel might have something to say about that house. Let's find out. Oh yeah, you're right. It's minus one 12 to play the money on. So let's just do That. There we go. That's the play. That's the play the Baltimore money line.


At the end of the day, we could do all the X's and O's. Baltimore's been really bad one the right side of their offensive line Fala. I don't, you know, they're trying to figure stuff out. But I, I prefer Coach Harbaugh and Lamar to coach McCarthy and Dak and that's my handicap. I'm with you. So we can do double your winnings on a money line bet. Okay. According to FanDuel. Alright, We did it last week and it hit, we can do it again this week and we can put it on Ravens minus one 12.


Let's do that And basically bet 1 12, 100 12,000 and win a hundred K, but then double that to 200 K. Okay. Because this Is all make believe money and I can do whatever I want. But that's what we're probably gonna do with that one. Okay, good. Texans, Vikings, Texans minus two and a half at Minnesota. And this is a fun one because my instinct when I saw it was like, oh yeah, come on Houston gonna do that. And then I really dug into the stats. There's some bad offensive line stats with Houston. Yes. They're 24th in Sachs. This is their offense.


24th in Sachs, 27th in hurried, 22nd in their quarterback getting hit Minnesota in those categories. First. First and first. They're gonna be coming the whole game, right? So if you're, if you're betting on Minnesota, you worry about is Jefferson, is he gonna be healthy? Is Addison gonna be healthy? But they've been running the ball pretty well. I have a a a same game parlay for you. I know we haven't done the same game. Parley, I just wanna throw it at you. All right, I'm listening. Vi's up to plus eight and a half. Love that. That's one of my favorite teaser legs this week. The over under, all the way up to under 51 and a half.


Fine. Good. I it 52 points to, to beat us. Yep. Stroud throws for 200 plus yards, which is minus 700. He's done it in his last nine full games. He's thrown for at least 200. You put those three together, that's plus one 20. Look at that. That's not even asking very much. That's a three Leger. Yeah. It fits a, a a a script where you're really not pushing down too hard on any aspect outcome. Give yourself a lot of outs with that, right? Yeah. Eight and a half. That's, that's two scores for, for Minnesota. Who's Been she touchdown late? Maybe One of the best coached teams in the NFL through the first two weeks.


The Stroud 200 yards. Right. So the concern with Houston is, is mixing, mixing being al out Playing. Yeah. What are they doing with the, with play action? What does that do to CJ Stroud that gives you, They're the thrown out cam acres That gives you oh my god. Cam acres. Lord. But that also feeds into a nice underplay. Yeah, I think we're onto something here. bs I like what you've done. So you like that one? Okay good. I do. And then the last one was that, that Seahawks, which we, I'm happy to dump Seahawks. First half Seahawks game against Skyler Thompson. Let's stay away from it. So we're dumping that one. Okay. All right.


Wow. So we have 1, 2, 3, we have six. Six bets for the million. Dollar. Picks. Did we Have an argue pick this week? Did we argue on any of Those? We might have had more. I think that's a good sign if we're aligned. More agreement than, than arguing. Oh Yeah. I guess our argue pick we could make. But I didn't really feel strongly about Bears Colts. Could we argue on No we didn't have an argue Pick. Can't force the argue. Pick Let's not force it. Have, Yeah, let's not force it. Alright, so last week we lost $240,000. We are still up 124,000 on the year.


Good. And straight up we're five and three and we've split the argue picks so far the million Dollar Picks for week three. Steelers going against their Spider-Man meme rival the Chargers, whoever. Whoever goes up three, nothing wins the game. Steelers minus one and a half, we're gonna put $200,000 on that. I finally sucked you in with the Steelers. Well Happened now What do you mean finally? That was one of our favorite bets of week one. And it was, it went exactly according to script. Listen, that's why you kept me around. That's why I didn't have to Retire. I don't wanna hear facts, I don't wanna hear facts. That's why I didn't have to retire and go be the GM of Holy Cross Steelers. Suddenly I want you to be the GM of Holy Cross.


That's gonna be unbelievable. Let's throw your hat in the Ring. Steelers minus one half, $200,000. Detroit coming off a dumb loss last week. Is Detroit really gonna lose two in a row? Are the Cardinals really just gonna clean up an awesome team at home with, with a crap defense man Campbell eight. No A against the spread off a loss. Lions minus three. You said the look ahead line was what? A couple weeks ago. Four and a half. Four and a half. Yeah. We're grabbing Lions minus three in Arizona. 200,000 on that. We're gonna ignore the look ahead line. What happened with Saints? Eagles, saints minus two and a half against an Eagles team?


That let's just be honest, was probably overrated heading into the season And that's where we landed. No AJ Brown, probably a Saint's offense that I think what they did those first two weeks I took seriously their Home Saints minus two and a half, $200,000. Next one, Baltimore going to Dallas Jerry World possibly in shambles. They've got one receiver, they've got no running backs. Their defense looked glacier like last week. Raven's coming in desperate trying to fight off oh and three speed of Lamar Power. Derrick Henry. We're taking the money line on this minus one 12 and we're taking advantage of a little FanDuel gimmick.


Double your winnings on any money line bet now they have limits when you do it on FanDuel. We don't have limits on million Dollar Picks 'cause this is fake money. We're gonna double our winnings if we hit this bet Ravens minus one 12. We're doing that for a hundred K and if we win, we win. We win 200 and then we have a little same game parlay in FanDuel's, honor Vikings plus eight and a half at home against Houston. The under 51 and a half. When I told you this one day, I honestly I thought you were gonna take your pants off. No Stroud Stroud 200. I only do that when I have to look at my phone in the shower. Stroud 200 plus yards, that same game.


Parley is plus one 20. Now we could take that under up to 54 and a half and get that at minus one 10. No. Alright, so you want the 51 and a not necessary. Okay. Yeah, Vikings plus eight and a half under 51 and Stroud 200 plus yards. That is plus one 20. We're gonna put 200 K on that. And then last but not least, the dumb ass Jaguars, they're getting four and a half in Buffalo on a Monday night. Buffalo's defense is impossibly banged up. The Jaguars need to win. They're about to go on three.


If they don't win this game, they have lost two of the stupidest games of the year. I vowed not to bet against them or on them or anything with them on Sunday. And now five days later we're here. I think they keep it close. I think they could potentially win. There's cheap touchdown potential. This is a game that should be a three point game one way or the other. Jags plus four and a half. Are you good with this? I, I'm good with this. We're not gonna argue with it. I endorse it. Any last thoughts for Trevor Lawrence? Best of luck. Get a haircut. Those are your million Dollar Picks for week three. And you can see House this weekend on YouTube TV and on FanDuel.


On The Ringer Sunday pregame a fantastic show. You know who else is popping on that? Show me you. I'm coming on for the last like 15 minutes. I'm gonna take Sal spot so Sal can pull out his little hunter Biden sheet and write more bets on it. So yeah, that's gonna be at 11 o'clock et on Sunday. We'll be going over all these games. What do you think the biggest line move is gonna be by Sunday? I think the Saints is gonna go to three or three and a half. That would be one of my predictions. It Depends on if there's more news about Herbert. Herbert would, would really alter that Pittsburgh Chargers game. Right. All right, Hass, I know you need your three hour sleep. It was great to see you and I'll see you next week for Billion Dollar Picks.


Now it's time for a special part of today's episode sponsored by NF NFL. Sunday Ticket on YouTube. TV NFL Sunday Ticket has awesome features to help you stay on top of all the action like multiview, my buddy, where you can watch up to four games at once or layer on stats and fantasy views, or track your favorite teams and players. And by the way, when you bundle NF NFL, Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV, you get access to every game every Sunday. That's the most live NFL games all in one place. Local and national games on YouTube, TV NFL Sunday Ticket for market games excludes digital only games device and content restrictions apply. All right, so what are we looking for this Sunday? We're gonna talk with Craig Beck in a little bit about some of the fantasy stuff. The biggest thing is the Saints. Is this real? If it is real, do you have some of the guys on this team, is their offense gonna keep putting up big points? I think that's an important one. Steelers, chargers, one of those defenses is probably gonna win that game. Which one's it gonna be? Ravens Cowboys is another one. What's gonna happen on that one? Are the Ravens really gonna not win a game for the first three games of the season? Who's gonna be the better quarterback? So just some good sub pots. I really like the week three slate actually. So can't wait to multi-view it and go nuts. Thanks again to our friends at NF NFL. Sunday Ticket on YouTube TV. Don't miss a, a moment, a minute, a second of the action. Watch every game every Sunday when you bundle NL Sunday ticket and YouTube tv. Sign up today, youtube.com/bs. My initials, local and national games on YouTube tv. NFL Sunday Ticket for outta market games. Excludes digital in the games device and content restrictions apply.


This episode is brought to you by TikTok. It has never been harder to parent your kids. You have less idea than ever what they're doing on their phones, on their computers, wherever it is. As teens start exploring online, it's natural that parents wanna make sure what they're seeing on TikTok is safe. So it's great that tiktoks family pairing feature let's parents link their TikTok account to their teens, helping ensure the content they're seeing is safe. This is a great ad. As a parent, you can restrict access to search, you can enable restricted mode to limit content that may not be age appropriate. And you can choose words or hashtags to filter from your teens feeds. Learn more at tiktok.com/guardians guide.


Alright, we're taping this part of the podcast on Thursday afternoon. The Take Masters here. Steven Ruiz. He came on last month. I asked him for his five Hottest Takes heading into the F NFL season. His number one hottest take was that Bryce Young would be benched. Now do you get demerits? 'cause you didn't say he would be benched in September. I feel like that would've been the elite take. Right? I think that's fair. I do think that's fair. I should have seen that coming as a Panthers fan, as someone who watched this guy play for 17 games or 16 games last year. I should have known. Yeah. Better. But I, I'm sorry. I'll be better this time. I'll have hotter takes this time. What if it's not the players? What if it's the Panthers in the city? Because I saw there was a picture circulating on Twitter of Sam Darn next to Baker Mayfield in Panthers jerseys, which brought me back to a couple years ago when I think I lost week to week more money on the Panthers than maybe any other team.


And they almost still made the playoffs. Baker flamed out came in, actually did pretty well. He flamed out down the stretch down. But maybe it's what, is there more something sinister going on here? Is it like a horror movie? I, I don't think so. Cam Newton seemed to do fine. Fair. I think Andy Dalton, Andy Dalton did fine when he, when he stepped in for Bryce Young last year. I don't think that's it. I think it's, I think it's David Tepper. I think he's the who he's the, he's the villain of the So he's the Horror Movie. Yeah, he's the horror movie. I do think that's fair. But more, this is more like, I guess like a, a financial movie where he's kinda Wall Street, maybe So it. Like the big short Yeah, Yeah, yeah. It's around, it's it's like that. He's definitely to blame. Like I I I don't think Bryce Young really had a cha I was low on him before the draft.


Like he watched him play. Yeah. I honestly don't give myself too much credit for calling him getting benched. 'cause for me, I, that was the, the take I felt strongest about going into that last pod we did. Just because when you have like a historic outlier like him, you're 5, 10, 180 pounds, those guys don't get drafted in the top five. I think it's like, you either have it or you don't and you can tell right away and with him if you weren't like holding on to hope that he would become the Panthers savior. As a Panthers fan, I think it was very easy to watch him and be like, this guy doesn't have it. It's not viable. And then this year we just seen it get worse. Yeah. And he lo once you lose your confidence as a quarterback, you might as well just go hide in the hyperbaric chamber. Has one good thing happened with Teer since you bought the team?


No. Has there been one positive? No. No. Maybe taking down like the old owner statue is the best thing. They Oh, I, I got one. They, they switch from having the NFL logo at midfield to having a Panthers logo at midfield. Like that's literally the best thing that's happened for fans. I would say it's the best thing probably for the other teams in the area, like for the basketball team. Tepper's amazing. Yeah, because the basketball team just got new owners. They actually seem like they know what they're doing and then Tepper's over here and they, they just look, I mean, there's also this alternate universe where he got the Panthers over Michael Rubin, the guy who owns Fanatics. And I don't know what that would've looked like, whether that would've been better, but I don't think it would've been worse.


Yeah, I I think it would've been better because his problem, it's not the Dan Snyder problem. Like I grew up in Washington. I grew up around Washington fans. I was like alive during the entire Dan Snyder period. Yeah. Dan Snyder's problem was like, he was a, a Washington fan who happened to own the team and he acted like a fan who owned the team. Yeah. That's not the problem with David Teer. David Tepper's a finance guy who thinks all of the lessons he learned in finance applied to the NFL and you could just hear it in his press conferences. Every press conference there's a reference to his career or his other, you know, his other business ventures and it's just not the same. And I think that's the problem is that he wants to, he wants to get things right, but he wants to get things right on his own terms where he kind of gets credit for doing it a different way.


Yeah. It's weird that the owners don't come into the league and study the successful ownership groups that have worked and how they've worked. And in the NFL especially, every time it's collaboration, it's multiple people. A lot of times you don't even totally know who the owner was. And I know, I know Kraft tried to change some of that history after the fact that the documentary he did. But let's be honest, one of the reasons he was a good owner was he stayed outta the way and let Belichick do whatever. I, so the Panthers, I think the over under for them heading into the year was six and a half. And a lot of people were like, watch out. Oh. Like we had people, a a couple people on our ringer gambling show, d Buno Raheem, these guys who know stuff trying to talk themselves into a division title possibility.


And it turns out it, it was the Saints were Yeah. The wild. He's Gotta bring me on at that point and I'll just go The quarterback's five eight. Okay. He's five eight. Like that that's, I I feel like I was taking crazy pills in the run up to the draft, how this guy was not only like the consensus QB one. Yeah. It's like why aren't we questioning that he's even a top five pick to me, like I, I wrote about this on the site. I I compared him to many Joe Burrow and I don't think people realize how derogatory that comp comp was supposed to be. Right. Because think about Joe Burrow, he's like a pocket passer. if you made Joe Burrow five eight, it wouldn't work. Like he doesn't have like the, you know, the top level arm. He's athletic and can move around, but he is not Lamar Jackson. He's not Anthony Richardson. He's not like a game changer in the run game.


There's no fantastic traits, no exceptional standout traits. Like even a player like Kyler Murray who's five 10 and I don't even think Kyler Murray's five 10. Like he seems to shrink every time I watch him play. Yeah. But he has the arm and he has like the Russell Wilson, you can't sack me no matter what and I could throw on the run just as well as I throw stationary kind of thing. Bryce didn't have any of that. He didn't have any of that at in college and he didn't have any of that over his first season in the pros. Well, they always talked about poise. That was his best trait. Kyler has the escap ability and you know, he always has a knack for extending plays that I think I just didn't see with Bryce. I remember The Ringer draft coverage that year.


Danny Kelly, who I think is the most even keeled member for our football, extended football staff. And even he was like, ah, this would basically be a historical outlier if Bryce Young was good but wasn't against it. But he was like, just so everybody knows, like this kind of doesn't happen in the NFL. Yeah. The the one thing is like the confidence and the pick the confidence to trade up the confidence to like, if you read the accounts, my favorite thing to do after like a a a a coach hiring or a draft pick goes bad is to go and look at the team website and what they wrote about it. Yeah. There's like this like 4,000 word write up about like the pre-draft process. And in hindsight it's one of the funniest things you'll ever read.


But oh my god, At one definitely Read that point at one point they're like, oh yeah, at the dinner, Bryce Young, he ordered a, he ordered scallops and a salad. So, you know, he wasn't worried about being perceived as a small guy. And like just the, the tea leaf reading that we do during the draft Mean I, I have no idea. I'm like scallops, I'm six foot and a half. I know like if he ordered a big steak, would've they've been like, oh god, this guy's compensating for something. Yeah, He's got small man's complex. So on FanDuel, the Panthers under two and a half wins is plus two 20 under one and a half wins is plus five 20. So if you think the Panthers are gonna go oh and 17 or one and 16, that's plus five 20.


Is there any evidence that this team can put together a couple wins? Dalton comes in as the quarterback and the line immediately moves almost two points, which is another bad sign for Bryson. But yeah, that's a very bad sign. That's a, yeah, that's big movement. Yeah. Like I think they're a decent team. Like you watch the Chargers game, the pockets are clean, receivers are open. Yeah. The defense is whatever, but like in terms of offensive environment, a a decent quarterback can get the most out of this. We haven't seen much of Andy Dalton over the last two years, but when we've seen him play, he's performed well. Like the stats are good. Like P fff graded him as like a top 10 quarterback two years ago when he was playing in New Orleans. I don't necessarily agree with that, but it just shows that he's competent and I think we're gonna see that.


We're gonna be like, oh this was worse than we thought in terms of Bryce and this situation isn't nearly as bad as we thought. Well have you noticed and you're part of this, but the, the 2024 we're, it's late Monday morning, early Monday afternoon Pacific time and all these different people I'm following on Twitter or people who are retweeting other stuff and just these video breakdowns now are instantaneous. Yeah. So when Bryce Young is bad on a Sunday, by Monday I'm watching a 10 play compilation that somebody made of like, watch all these open guys that he missed over here. Watch how he makes a completely wrong decision on this play. And I just, I guess I'm just happy for Mac Jones that we didn't have this stuff in the same way last year because I think it wouldn't have been great for him.


Yeah. I wonder like how we would've thought of quarterbacks if this like sort of media, social media environment would've been around like in the late nineties, early two, like in The 1970s. Yeah. When people were throwing 30 interceptions in a season. There Has to be some guys back then that we all like take for granted as being like a great all time great player. But if like we viewed them through our lens right now that we would be like, oh they were a system quarterback. They were like, you know, propped up on this. Oh my god, there, there were so many the guys in the seventies who we thought were the great quarterbacks and you go back and look at their stats and it's hilarious. Now granted they're going back to pass, guys are diving at their legs, guys are clothesline them after they throw, they're throwing over the middle guys are getting clotheslined, guys are getting headhunted So. it was way harder to throw the ball, but it's still kind of funny.


All right, so you're here for your, your five Hottest Takes two weeks into this season. We're gonna go in reverse order. We're playing five favorites. Your five favorite takes. Number five is what I'm gonna go Jalen Hurtz isn't a top 10 quarterback do.do in the NFC. I don't think he's a top 10 quarterback in the NFC. Now. I am. I will say one thing, I am reaching a little bit here 'cause the 10th guy, I don't really know if he's better than Jalen Hertz, but I'm like 85% confident in the stake that he is not a top 10 quarterback. Wow. So who did, who did you have against him for the 10th spot that was on the bubble? Baker Mayfield. I'll throw Kirk in there too because I don't know, we don't know what Kirk is.


We still don't know what Kirk's gonna be coming back from the injury. But I think if like Kirk gets back to 95% of what he was last year before the injury, I think he's, he's definitely better than Jalen hurts at this point. But Baker is the one that I kind of, I have a hard time putting him over hurts and only because Hertz provides as a runner. And we saw that on Monday, like when the, the offense was totally neutered. He couldn't do anything in the pocket, he couldn't do anything in the passing game, but he could scramble. So he always has that like Trump card he can go to. I don't think Baker has that. And I think when Baker tries to play that Trump card, that's when you see the worst. The baker when he tries to do too much. But all these other guys, like I, I'm confident in saying that they're better than him. Every quarterback in the NFC West, I would take over him right now. And I'm not a Brock Purdy guy as everyone knows, not a Brock Purdy guy.


But I think he allows you to run a certain style of offense that hurts, just doesn't allow you to run at this point. And I, I'm trying to think of the other guys where I, I kind of, you know, it's 50 50 for me. Like Derek Goff I feel like is definitely better than him. Jordan Love definitely better Dak definitely better. Derek Carr. I think it's easier to say now after the first two weeks. Yeah. But I probably would've thought about it before. Come on. That's, well let say this. What does he do better than Derek Carr? That's my one thing. I don't think he's a better thrower than him. I think I, I think Jalen Hertz is one of the more overrated throwers because he's so good at running the football. We assume that he is also good at throwing on the run. But when you like look at his stats and you watch the tape, he's one of the worst throwers on the run that like in the league he's very stiff as a, as a he's, it's almost like an action figure where his joints can only move in certain directions.


And I think you need some like hip flexibility to, to be able to throw on the run and he doesn't have it. The Shorty yarded stuff with him is great. Two years ago I thought he was good enough that my 2023 fantasy strategy was just to try to get as many eagles as possible and then watched him all last year and it just seemed like he was off. And it's like, well he must've been hurt. Yeah, you Watched this de what watched this week. And it's like, all right, he is moving a little better, but it doesn't explain some of the pocket stuff. And then you pull out one weapon and they were just struggling to do anything down the field. I mean they, I it's a team that I certainly am excited to think about going against this week. The cousins thing is interesting because the Eagles never touched him.


And I still don't know if it's, there's two Kirk cousins. It's like Kirk Cousins with protection, Kirk Cousins under duress. I still, Kirk Cousins under dur duress I would have below her. No, I agree with that. But I think like Jalen Hurtz puts himself under duress more often than Kirk Cousins puts himself on under dur. Like Kirk Cousins is gonna stand in the pocket for two seconds and if there's, if there's no pressure before that, the ball's gonna come out. Jalen Hurtz is gonna stand in the pocket for two seconds, look at one read and then start to look around and see where he can exit the pocket. And then he runs into pressure. You don't have to worry about that with Kirk, but there's also like a downside to that. He is not gonna create anything outta structure. He's not gonna scramble, he is not gonna throw on the run outside of the outside of structure. So it's really a matter Ofs for me. Bumps who, who would you take for fist pumps?


Cousins had a great one on Monday night. Cousins, Cousins when they got go ahead touchdown or the close to whatever, the late touchdown. And he did the, he does the stare at the sidelines. Triple Pump Is very, he's a contrived leader. I'll say that. I, I think he's the only quarterback that Prew writes his pre-game speeches. You know how like the quarterbacks do the, the pre-game high speech. You Think he he performs them. I think he performs them in the mirror. Like I think his wife like lets him know what's working, what's not working, what he has to switch out. Yeah. Yeah. Take that second graph out. I just think you just go from the first graph, that third graph. That's funny. I I think Kirk does that. I know for a fact that Russell Wilson does that. Like I don't have any inside information, but I know he Does that. No, he uses chatbot whatever Cha chat g bt He's in uniform when he, when he practices it too.


So I mean obviously these are Hottest Takes. I, I find it hard to push back against this Hertz thing unless he starts playing better because Yeah, they've given him this year, the line isn't as good as it was last year, but he's always had a good line. He's always had weapons. He's got Barkley this year who's, I still think one of the five best running backs just seems like a team that should be able to score points and Atlanta had them pretty flummox anyway. All right. What's number four? All right, number four. I'm gonna have to explain this one 'cause it's, it's gonna sound crazy off the top. Andy Reid is no longer a top five play caller in the league right now. I think that's what he's known for. I still think he's in a lead head Coach. Okay, let's hear it.


They're 12th in EPA since last year. They have not figured out how to throw the deep ball even though they have one of the most talented quarterbacks we've ever seen at throwing the deep ball over the last like three years. I think it went away Tyreek's final year and now we're on year two without Tyreek and they still don't have a reliable explosive passing game. Yeah. The run game is up and down the screen game is up and down. And then one thing that I think he's lost that I don't know if anyone's caught up to it yet, is you remember when he would a Andy Reid off the buy was always like the scariest thing. Andy Reed. Oh he never loses off the buy. They always, you know, put up a bunch of points off the buy the last three years they've won two of the games. But one of those games they went to overtime against Malik, Willis' Titans and scored 22 points.


And then the other game they scored 20 points against Teddy Bridgewaters Broncos and barely won that game. Those were two struggle wins. And then last year they scored 17 of Philly. I watched the tape and I'm never thinking like, oh he's making Patrick Mahomes job easier. Like, oh he, he created that wide open guy running down the seam. Oh he created that wide open crosser running down the seam. It's usually Mahomes kind of overcoming the weaknesses of the, the personnel around him. They haven't had two good offensive tackles in years. They haven't had like a strong receiving corps in a couple years. Kelsey has been good, but I don't think he, I think he's been kind of washed the last couple years. I think it's all Mahomes right now. But I will say this, I think Andy Reed is still a top five coach, but it's more about like the program situ like the CEO Situation infrastructure.


Yeah, Yeah. Like, like the ramp up to the season. They played their guys in preseason. They're never cold to start the year they get off to a hot start and that kind of gives 'em a buffer. And then also the other thing is like the freedom he gives Mahomes and Kelsey and those receivers to kind of improvise in between plays and like take ownership of the offense. I think it's like the opposite of Kyle Shanahan on the other side of the spectrum of Kyle Shanahan. And I think that kind of makes the chief's offense as good as it is despite the lack of structure we've seen the last couple years. So I do give him credit for that. I'm taking guys like Sean McVeigh, Kyle Shanahan, Ben Johnson, Shane Steichen even in terms of just like play calling, who's the guy on the headset sending in the play to the quarterback?


I'm taking all those guys ahead of him. I I think Reed's kind of lost it in that area. Can I zag on your take? Yeah. Maybe regular season. Andy Reed is not a top five play caller anymore, but I still feel like he saves stuff for the playoffs 'cause he knows they're gonna be there and it's almost like a standup comic who's going to the comedy store and he is doing his bit, but he knows the Netflix special's coming and that's gonna be his best hour. So I, I feel like he is more in workshop mode. They know they're gonna win 12 or 13 games. Right, right. You know, I have a take off your take about play calling. So I've noticed this with offensive coordinators that have a lot of smoke blown up their asses like Ben Johnson did last year.


That that week two performance, which house and I talked about earlier, A million Dollar Picks with the, with throwing 55 times with Jared Goff. And it was almost like, oh, look at all those injuries on Tampa. Oh, I'm gonna do this instead. And I, I actually thought that was a really badly called game because all they had to do was just run the ball. And I don't think Tampa would've stopped them. And sometimes the lions are built to run the ball, run the ball, run the ball, play action, and that's who they are. I don't know what would make you think you should throw the ball 55 times. It was like Tampa Jedi mind trick them to do that and then they did it and, and they lost. So I don't know. I'm not Ben Johnson's on my watch list.


I I think that's fair for him to be on your watch list. I I think like anytime you are an up and coming oc and it's only been two years since you've been considered like a great one. Like I need, I'm still trying to show it. Yeah. The best. Yeah, I think that's part of it. And I think the best ones are the ones that like, they start out good, they hit a wall and then they bounce back. They find an, an adjustment. Like we've seen that with Sean McVay. I think we've seen it with Kyle Shanahan to a certain ex extent. You don't really know about a play caller until that second act, until they have to adjust until they get beaten down and they come back like of, of course the play calling is gonna be good two years in a row. He is working with the same personnel. Like he still has that offensive line. That's, that's always a funny thing to me is like, like even a guy like Purdy, and I'm not trying to shit on Purdy right now, but he's just the best example.


Like PE people are like, all right, if Purdy does it again, like he's proven, he's the guy, well he's still in that offense and he still has those superstars around him and he still has scholar training and calling him play. Like he's not really proving anything differently than he did. Like I expect him to have a big year again. So I think you could say the same thing about Ben Johnson who is working with the best offensive line in the NFL, which I think like if I'm an offensive coordinator outside of quarterback, that's the first thing I want is like the offensive line that allows you a lot power to do anything. Yeah. I think one thing that bothers me with play calls, and you saw this the other night, the Eagles lose that game because they run what seemed to be the perfect screen pass to Barkley and then he drops it. It's like, well the play was there, the play was the right play. And it's like, eh, was it Yeah, because you were running the ball really for whatever you wanted.


You're throwing a barley in the flat and if you talk to literally any Giants fan, they would be like, he used to drop that pass all the time. As great as he is. And he is an awesome running back, but it's not, there's three things that can go wrong in that pass. Right. It can get tipped, the quarterback can fuck up the throw, Barkley can drop it. It's so there's real variable, even if the guy's open, there's still variables. Yeah, yeah. But running the ball twice on third and three where, you know, you have the T push two, which they haven't stopped all night and you're keeping the clock going. I I Think that's on top of like a, a drop screen pass. Stop the clock. So there's, that actually was a horrible call. Yeah. And I couldn't believe people were debating it the next day. No, no. It was actually the right call. He was open, so No, it wasn't.


Yeah, I agree with you. Like the pro, the result was ultimately good. Like Saquon Barkley wide open. if you catches it, it's the first album, but like the process going into it, I agree with you. It was not like the sharpest process. And like if, if the defense, if the Falcons have a guy in the flat there, then, then what happens? That plate looks a lot worse. And then we're questioning like, right, why the hell would he give Jalen Hertz the opportunity to hold onto the ball and take another sack? And you know, I just Don't want, I don't want any scenario where the clock might stop when there's a minute 40 left, the other team doesn't have any timeouts and I'm already up three, I'm not taking any chance stopping the clock. I honestly, they don't lead into the, the tush push thing enough. Like I'd be running it on certain three I, it's two yards of play. Why Not 33? I'd run it. I don't, I don't, I don't understand that.


What do you got for number three? All right. I, the Randy Reed one was, I there's gonna be some Angry Chiefs fan, but that's, that's, that's the whole point of Hottest Takes. I, I don't mind. Alright, this one's gonna get a fan base. Angry Gino Smith is better than Joe Burrow right now. I mean his, his late game stuff speaks for itself. Yeah. His his any quarterback but better in the last, in the fourth quarter of games in the last year plus two games. And, and I'll take it a step further, like Gino Smith is the quarterback that people want you to believe. Joe Burrow is like stylistically and it, you watch them back to back, you're a, you're a Patriots fan. You watch them back to back, you watch Joe Burrow and Gino Smith, they're running the same style of offense, which is like, yeah, get in the gun, spread things out.


We're not gonna call play action, we're not gonna run the ball. You just gotta read things out like you're like prime juris or or 2007 Tom Brady, it's not working in Cincinnati and hasn't been working for the last year. It's working really well in Seattle right now. And you watch those two games back to back. I think like the environment is the same in terms of protection, in terms of receivers getting open. The difference is Gino Smith is making throws into tight windows downfield like anticipating throws. Yeah. And being the quarterback, the field general, quote unquote that you wanna see. Whereas Joe Burrow is kind of checking down early. He's not holding onto the ball. I think he's making bad reads that we didn't see him make before. I think he's kind of pressing and trying to be this guy that he's been built up to be and it's not working without the support, without t Higgins out there.


Meanwhile Gino Smith has been placed in that same situation and I think he's thriving. No weapons for the Bengals other than Chase They had Last year counter. No, the same for these first couple games. But yeah, No, I agree on the borough part. Like they, they had the ball that chance to just close out KC in the fourth quarter of that game. Right. And they didn't get a first down. They had to give back to him. And I, he hasn't jumped off the screen like he did a couple years ago. But my thing is like, he took a team to the Super Bowl, he's won huge games in places like Arrowhead and I'm not willing to panic yet, but he has had a couple injuries at this point. And that, that's the part that makes you think like, eh, It's definitely like, it's a concern.


Especially when like you came into the league without like these like great physical gifts. Like I don't think his, his, you know, athleticism was bad, right? His arm was bad. But like you talk to GMs and maybe this is old school thinking, but the reason why they love big quarterbacks, they compare it to like car insurance. Like you get a big car, a big SUV, like the insurance isn't as expensive. You get a a small sleek sports car, you have to pay a lot of insurance. And it's the same thing with quarterbacks. Some of these quarterbacks, they take a hit and it affects them for five years. A guy like Josh Allen, like, you know, he takes a hit and he's fine. He continues to play. Like he, he gives the hit. Yeah. Like we saw a a just a, a calf injury, what it did to Joe Burrow last year, like it turned him into 40-year-old Ben Rothenberger.


And I don't mean that as a compliment. And then we, I Think T 12 diet might be in his future. Yeah. Burrow man. That might be the next step for him. Yeah. And like Tom Brady is like the, the guy that you look to if you're one of these like lesser athletes because Tom Brady got better as an athlete as his career went on. Like I think he Was faster. you need to, with Dr. Alex Carrero, maybe Maybe, he needs to hire him. Him bring Alex Guerrero in, in Cincinnati. I don't I don't think Mike Brown would pay for that though. That's The problem I liked, I actually liked coming outta that. I talked about this Sunday night. Even though they're Owen too, I like their situation a little more than the Ravens because I like that they talk shit all week. I think they still carry themselves like they're good. Yeah.


They still have good pieces. The Higgins thing, like when he comes back all of a sudden the team looks different. But I agree with you. Burrow doesn't seem exactly the same. What's your number two? My number two is Bill Belichick is gonna be coaching the Jaguars next season and we'll know it by New Year's. Like we, it won't be official, but it will be the worst kept secret in in the NFL that Joe, that Bill Belichick is gonna be the next coach of the Jaguars. The Jaguars. Okay. Without A doubt in my mind. Okay. Why? Well first of all, I know some beat reporters down in Jacksonville and I think, you know, there's already whispers there. I'll, I'll, I'll start with that, but I I I'm not gonna, I'll go somewhere else with to prove it.


I think like the way Shad Khan is kind of ramping up his coaching hirings, like he starts with like the no name GM who or no name Defensive coordinator and Gus Bradley. That doesn't work out. No. The no talent defensive coordinator. Bradley the, One of the worst that goes a lot Ball Talk. He goes with Doug Marone, he goes to the other side, another, you know, assistant and then he goes for the splash hire, he goes with Urban Meyer, the guy who's won, but he hasn't won at this level. Yeah. Then he goes to Doug Peterson. Guy who's That was Splash, that was a body overboard being thrown off a boat Splash. Yeah. That was, that was awful. And then the next one is Doug Peterson, the guy that's won at this level but hasn't done it consistently. The one who hasn't like done it again, I think next to line is, is Bill Belichick. And then my, the real reason why I believe this is because like we talked about earlier, like Shad Khan is a hands-off owner.


I don't think he's gonna get spooked like Atlanta did when Bill Belichick comes in and goes, I wanna run the, the organization like this. I wanna have GM powers, I wanna be able to hire my own coordinators. I wanna be able to like decide the the lead direction of this franchise. I don't think he's gonna get spooked by that. I think he's gonna like that. I think he's gonna want it. And then if, if Belichick comes in and he throws those rings on the table, I think that's enough. I think Shad Con needs a, a proven winner. Someone where he can't get blamed for hiring the coach where it doesn't fall back on him. 'cause if you hire Belichick, it doesn't work out. It's like, yeah, he's the greatest coach ever. Of course. Fault. Yeah. Nobody's like mad that you hired Bill Belichick. So first of all, I forgot how many coaches the Jaguars have had. That was, that was a pretty great list.


Second, they're a bottom three worst coach team of the, of the first two weeks. I just, it's just stunning that they lost both of those games and how stupid they were over and over again. It really made me mad. Third Belichick taking a job from Doug Peterson. There's a poetic justice in that. Yeah. Since Doug Peterson sold his Super Bowl and fourth old guy moving to Florida. It adds up. It's perfect. That's What Brad did. It's seventies. This is what this is. Old people go to Florida. So Belichick just goes there. I had him go to the Giants though. I thought that that one in my head made the most sense because he's, you know, that's where he made his bones. He won his first Super Bowl. The history of the Giants, he's Very personal to him.


I think there's There's great franchise. He's always talked fondly of them. Lawrence Taylor, Phil Sims, the whole thing. Yeah. He, when when he goes back there, I think there was like an NFL film thing, like following him throughout the season. He went back there. He is like getting emotional and tearing up and crying in the Oh Yeah. He loves, he loves the Giants. But, and it feels like that's gonna be a complete reboot Reall after this year. But if you have Trevor Lawrence in place, you have the quarterback there. You just have to develop him and make sure like he's not surrounded by just terrible coaching. And then you compare that to the Giants quarterback situation, which is like, what do we do? We're drafting Shado Sanders, are we drafting Carson Beck? Like, I think like that is the deciding factor. That's The type, I dunno if this is the week to say they have Trevor Lawrence in place and I have the most Trevor Lawrence stock right now.


I have bets on him. Don't. So 4,000 yards. I have him on two fantasy teams. I bet on him two straight weeks. I have a lot of concerns. I know I'm gonna be like, I I thought this was gonna be the breakout year and it's been the opposite. It's been, my face is breaking out from betting on him. I know I'm gonna be like the tape guy. They'll like take my word for it. Like, you gotta watch the tape. It's not, it's like, oh, it's terrible for him. He's actually playing. He's actually playing well. But like, I don't know what to say. I watch him and I'm like, it's not his fault. Like the no one's open. And when they're open, open, they drop the pass. And when and when they do get open, the the pass rush is gets there and like it's, it's just a poorly coached team. I think it's a poorly constructed team too. Like Trent bulky, I, I don't, I don't know how he survived the urban Meyer situation. That's insane to me.


He's, he's like the cockroach of the NFL. You'll be happy to know a million Dollar Picks. We took the Jaguars for the third straight week. We after, after we had ran on Sunday night. I'm ranting about how stupid they are. I hate myself. I'm never taking them again. And now the, the line in Buffalo is just too, too High. I had the, I had them in my survivor pool last week, so I'm with you. Oh, Jesus. Yeah. All right. Your number one hottest take is, This isn't my hottest take, but it's, it's something like everyone's been talking about. I don't know if you saw Melku or talking about banning two high or whatever because the scoring down. But like, I think the most obvious explanation for why the scoring down scoring is down is because all the good offenses are being wasted on mediocre to average quarterbacks and all the good quarterbacks are stuck in mediocre to average offenses.


I think that's the biggest explanation. We have Jalen Hurtz wasting Philadelphia's supporting cast. We have Baker Mayfield in Tampa Bay where he has Mike Evans and Chris Godwin. Yeah. And one of the better play callers to start the season. We have golf wasting that, that offensive line. Sometimes we have Brock Purdue who I think like he's playing well. But if you put Patrick Beholds in that offense, they're scoring 50 points a game and scoring's right back up. We have two in Miami. Darnold is in Minnesota with that supporting cast. And then you look at the other side, look at the top of the league, like Josh Allen is throwing at Khalil Shaki, he's his best receiver. Patrick Mahoney's best receiver is a four, like a 38-year-old tight end. And his second best receiver is fa facing eight felony charges. Justin Herbert Doesn't. And he, they just signed Kareem Hunt to help out the running game.


Yeah. Great side. Who has been dead for three years. Yeah. Their their their great hope is Hollywood Brown coming back. Yeah. Justin Herbert another bad situation. Trevor Lawrence, we just talked about it. Another bad situation. Burrow's got one receiver. Burrow's got one receiver and he is hurt all the time. Dak Prescott like that. I, Mike McCarthy is, I can't believe he's getting away with this for a second straight year. Especially as the play call now that he's the play caller and we can like evaluate what he's bringing to the table. I'm surprised Jerry Jones didn't move on from last, our last off season, but Dak Prescott, he's been put in a, a bad situation. So we have like these top quarterbacks kind of overcoming their sin, their environment. Isn't that a cause Andf effect that Ruiz? 'cause like you're paying so much for your quarterback.


It's not like you can then get 70 weapons for 'em. You know, you're the, the biggest, most expensive quarterbacks, they're 40 or 50 million bucks a year. So now you have to like try to patch it together and grab Curtis, Samuel and Shaki and that's, those are your receivers. But, and hope you get lucky with James Cook. I do think that's part of it. But a lot of these guys just signed their deal So. it hasn't really taken effect and like a lot. Yeah, good point. And some of the other guys like golf is making 50 million too is making 50 billion. Baker Mayfield's making 35 million. Like these other guys are getting paid too. Like Derek Carr's making 30 million and he's benefiting from a, a great supporting cast right now. So I think that's really the issue. And I think there's other issues that obviously factor into it.


I think the o-line thing, like the o lines aren't good anymore. I think that has to do with it. I I do think like playing more too high coverages and not selling out to stop the run, that also helps. But like that's been a thing for the entire NFL like the seventies Steelers were the original cover two team built Up. But the thing that the, but the thing that's changed the most is the preseason and the practice time, which just doesn't exist anymore. Like I, I couldn't believe this 'cause I don't follow the preseason they nobody plays. But that brace young really only played like one series in the preseason. It's like how do you not have that dude out there for three quarters a game trying to build his confidence up against four stringers? What? You're just saving him for the season. He hasn't done anything. Well it turns Out he's a four stringer too, but like Michael Pennix not playing.


It is just right. Mind boggling Be but that seemed more, that seemed more sinister though. I think they, yeah, yeah, there's some, they didn't want a situation where he was awesome in preseason. They'd obviously seen Kirk at that point and that he couldn't really move. And it's, I think that was like, lets leave Caitlyn Clark off the Olympic team because everybody's gonna be talking about her the whole time. Even though she probably belonged. But I think that's the biggest reason I don't think it has to do with like this too high coverage thing. 'cause like people have been playing those coverages forever. Like Tony Dungy was playing it, lovey Smith was playing it like totally. That's not what it is. It's it, I do think like the post 2011 CBA is a different league than it was beforehand. No question. It you can feel it when you watch all the games.


The timing just seems off constantly. Like constantly. And every game you're watching it's like, oh, that guy fucked that up. Oh that seemed off. Oh, false start. Oh that guy jumped too soon. And it just feels choppy. And look at the talent at the quarterback position we have. Like I don't, I I don't know if just name a random, I don't know if Dak Prescott is better than whoever was the fifth best quarterback in 1995, but like the quarterbacks didn't have this well-rounded skillset. Even even the top guys like Pey Manning wasn't doing what Lamar Jackson is doing for his team. Yeah, true. He couldn't be the run game. He couldn't scramble if you, the, the thing on Brady was like, if you get pressure up the middle, he's cooked. Like he can't step up in the pocket.


He's, he's no longer, you get you, you get pressure up the middle on Patrick Mahomes, it doesn't matter. He just, you know, he rolls out and he finds an open guy anyway. And I think that's more common now and we don't see as much as like the limited skillset. Like even Brock Purdy, I'm gonna give Brock Purdy some credit. The reason why he's better than Jimmy G is he's not a statue. Like he's willing to make a play and he makes plays outta structure all the time. If Jimmy g was in that Lions NFC title game, they lose that game. Well that's why I can't wait. When the Pats finally unleashed, the Drake may monster in week five, which I'm hoping his ability to escape a pass rush, create extra time. We, I don't know if we've had that as a Patriots fan.


I don't know if I've ever had it. 'cause even like Bledso, he couldn't really move around. Brady could buy time in the pocket. Yeah. But he wasn't a rollout. I'm gonna do stuff. I I've just never rooted for somebody who could do that. So He yeah, Brady actually hated that stuff. There's like a coaching clinic. Yeah. He Didn't wanna get hit. Bill O'Brien was like, yeah, we, we, we could've done this stuff. But Brady was like, I don't wanna do this. So we, you know, you, you catered to Tom Brady. He's Tom Brady. But yeah, that's, it just wasn't a thing back in the day. Like you, you didn't have these guys. That could be so much of your offense. And maybe that's part of it too, like we're putting so much on these quarterbacks and expecting them to like patch up all this other stuff. That's why we're paying them so much money. It's just hard. It's a, it's a 53 man roster. It's a 22 man sport. It's really hard.


Ruiz, great job as always. I'm sorry about the Panthers. I'm glad you have a little bit of hope with Andy Dalton, but always fun to hear your takes. Good to see you. Thanks for having me.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is on the line. With LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons, that's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by the 2025 Lincoln Aviator. SUV. Hmm. The 2025 Lincoln Aviator nails that feeling In next level confidence. The updated grill and sleek lights, total head turners under the hood of refined twin Turbo V six powers you through with authority inside pure comfort plush three row seating, custom climate control available massage seats keep you ready to tackle whatever's next. Explore more@lincoln.com. Some models, trims and features may not be available or may be subject to change. Check with your local retailer for current information. Lincoln and Aviator are trademarks of Ford or its affiliates.


This episode is brought to you by an all new season of survivor. Survivor is back for season 47 and it's even better when you watch with your tribe, friends, family, anyone who's in for the adventure of a lifetime, Jeff probes returns to Host. And trust me, even after all these seasons, you'll still be surprised who will outwit, outplay and outlast. It's anyone's game. you can even follow our podcast on The Ringer reality TV podcast. We love Survivor Gather your tribe. New episodes Wednesdays eight seven Central on CBS and streaming on Paramount Plus.


All right, our friend Craig Beck is here. He is the Producer of the re watchable. So you can hear him on the very excellent Ringer Fantasy football show. He helps out with the town with Matt Bella as well. He is a busy guy. Our fantasy quarterback's dead Craig. They look like it right now. It's a mess right now out there. I mean that passing in general is just in a massive decline through two weeks. There's been 69 touchdowns, which is the lowest in a decade. It was 105 five years ago. Now it's 69. Well, What happened to us Passing you yards are the lowest they've been in like 10 years. Teams are averaging 193 passing yards a game like this.


I know Sal's complaining about it on Sunday night. Like it's just not fun to watch. Mahomes is averaging 220 yards a game. Aaron Rogers one 70 Justin Herbert's averaging 130 yards a game. So are we back to next 2025 draft? Quarterbacks are now $1 again and maybe kickers are the new inefficiency. I guess. Why Maybe? you gotta spend like $9 on Brandon Aubrey. Yeah, I mean the whole, the kicking boom. I, we might have to add kickers back to fantasy. I I booted them out of all my leagues. 'cause I thought they were irrelevant, but now they're, oh, I Love kickers. Kickers are the Best. Now they're like kind of sneaky. The se like genuinely if you have a good kicker, it's like the third most important player in your offense. Yeah, because now now you can get the ball at the 30 and guys are hitting 67 yarders. You only gotta move the ball 20 yards to be able to hit a field goal.


you need two first downs to kick a field goal. Now I did nothing right in fantasy this year, except in all three leagues. I have dicker the kicker in all three leagues, the Steelers defense and I prioritize them. I got them early. Yeah. I threw both of them out on auctions. When people aren't ready to really think about defensive kickers yet, did the $2 on each just like, gimme those two. I'm ready to go. The Steelers defense is, that has to be the number one defense, right? I don't Know if they are by fantasy scoring, But, but just who you'd want. Yeah. I I would say so. The only problem is their schedule. The second half of the season's brutal. But right now they look great. All right. I asked you to come on and do five favorites about the fantasy season so far we're only two weeks in, but this is also the most fun part of fantasy we have.


We've already had devastating injuries, Christian McCaffrey, which by the way, if you've fucking read anything online or read anything, it it, there was a lot of arrows pointing to him not being healthy at the start of the season. But it's even worse than we thought. Yeah. It was also, you know, it was a caff injury in the off season and then the second the season started, oh it's actually an Achilles injury. Thanks for letting Yeah. And by the way, you know this 'cause you're a Warriors fan, like a lot of times those two go hand in hand. The calf and the Achilles, you had to do it, the calf's, the gateway drug to a worse injury of the Achilles. So yeah, Durant, it was, it was the Raptors finals year when he hurt the calf missed like half the playoffs led to the Es, rushed it back, popped the Achilles.


Yeah, that was poor Zingus last year. All right, what do you got? My number one favorite thing? I mean, it's gotta be the Saints man. The saints boom is like the most improbable NFL storyline in years. Derek Carr, number two quarterback in fantasy cera number one running back in fantasy. Rasheed Shahid, number eight wide receiver in fantasy. And that doesn't even mention that the, the actual probable, you know, best player on their offense is Chris a lave who I think is gonna pop really soon And their kicker, all of a sudden their kicker's getting picked up. Yeah, it's weird 'cause you, I we have the same strategy I think, where sometimes you'd wanna go in and just grab an offense that you like. Nobody would, Nobody Would've had the Saint's offense that would not have been a combo.


And it's this Clint Kubiak thing. I I the shahan thing, the coaching tree is getting so ridiculous where it's like literally everybody who comes from under him and McVay to a degree is just so good. Yeah. Did did you know that there's a second Kubiak who's the, the passing game specialist on the Niners? What? Yeah, That's, how Are there this many Kubiak? That's Clay Kubiak. And then I found out like the Hemsworth, there's a third Kubiak whose name is Klein Kubiak, and he's a scout for the Cowboys. He'll definitely be the head coach of that team in like two years. So they did, he did the thing where he named all his kids with vaguely similar first names that all close. Hopefully The middle names are not Ks. Yeah. Yeah. That would be a bad move.


A bad look. But Yeah. So you think, do you think the Saints thing is real? Like what's, what's the take of the, of the fantasy show? Are you buying? We're buying because all the, all the history of putting up that many points in the first two games of the season is really favorable. I I, I am buying it. I think the Clint Kubak thing is real. I, the joke we were making on the fantasy show is like, man, how bad was Pete Carmichael, the former OC of the Saints? Like that guy just must have been the worst. And if you look at the numbers, it's kind of true. The Saints last year were dead last in play. Action in motion. Yeah. They're first in both this year, so you're like, all right. I mean the Saints haven't even tested. Derek Carr has the least amount of pass attempts in the league. Yeah. He's averaging 19 pass attempts a game and he's the number two quarterback in fantasy.


I mean, this is a joke. I thought they were gonna be horrible. So did everybody, I didn't understand how prehistoric their offense was. I just thought Carr sucked. I didn't realize like they, Sean, there was some good articles about it this week that Sean Peyton, when he left, he just kind of left his offense behind and then the people that took over were like, oh, this is how we do stuff. And it was super complicated and dated. And then Kubak came in and just was like, Hey, we're gonna move some stuff around. But they have speed. Yeah, because I didn't watch the game Sunday, but I ended up watching it after and it was striking how fast they were. They feel like they're the fastest team in the league. It was a little 99 Rams ish. Yeah. And they're like getting the ball to these guys in space now.


Cama looks like the old cera, Chris Avi's getting the ball in space where Shahi Shahi is super fast. Yeah. And I think the big thing everybody was worried about was that the offensive line was gonna be a mess and the offensive line isn't good, but Kubiak is scheming it up. So it's not really a, a problem. I believe their offense, I'm not sure if I believe them. It's my biggest loss of all my preseason stuff. 'cause I was like, I was out on the Saints, I was out in the NFC South. But they're definitely gonna score points and be heard from it feels like. Yeah. And like, you know, you look at somebody like Brock Purdy who can like thrive in this niner system because sh the Shanahan offense is so advantageous. It makes it work. Derek Carr is like a guy who's perfectly capable of making all those throws. Like, you know, he has the tools and he has like the brain To do what actor is Derek Carr.


Wow. He's like not, he was never quite good enough to be the lead of a movie, but he's been in some really good movies. But then when he got his chance to have his own movie, it was terrible. But he's still kind of lingering. It's Gotta be somebody who was always good. Or basically when they were in a movie with a good director, they really popped and you were like, wow. When they're yeah, when they're in the right system, they can really work that. I don't, if it's like putting an actor in a Tarantino movie and they just come off the screen, I gotta, I gotta workshop that one. I gotta think about that. All right, so you're in on the Saints, what's your next one? The, the old like old school fantasy is kind of back and the running back Renaissance is here because of all the passing slump stuff.


Running back is back and they're playing all three downs again because yeah, these offenses don't wanna, don't want defenses to know what they're doing. if you have a guy who's just like your third down guy, you know, you're passing. So all these guys, Seon, Bries Hall, Bijan Re ETN, Kyron Williams, they're all just playing a ton now. And it's, it's great. It's all, this is what, this is what I grew up playing fantasy with. It was like you, you needed to get LaDainian Tomlinson because he never came off the field. And right now every position is struggling except running back. They're once again, the only thing that matters in fantasy, it's like the cable bundle. It's like it, it's coming back. You know, bundling is back, running backs are back. I just wanna say I really appreciate you throwing Armand in with all those other awesome running backs.


He so good. Jordan Mason. Yeah, There's been a lot of them. Yeah. I do feel like we're back to like the, the early nineties because now thinking back to five, six years ago that stretch when all of a sudden Mahomes was going for like 24 bucks and you kind of felt like you had to have one of the best quarterbacks or you had no chance of winning your fantasy league. And now that I think that's over, but Yeah, now it, it's like it used to be a lot of running back by committees. Now this year there's 12 running backs playing 80% of the snaps. Last year we were at seven. That's crazy. Well right now Kamara has the most fan, our leaders for fantasy points right now.


At least in the My knockout league. Alvin Kamara, baker Mayfield, Derek Carr, and Kyler Murray is our top four. Yeah. I wonder what that, what that quado would've paid in Vegas if you predicted that after week two. Here's our top four and fancy Vin Kamar. I remember a year ago you guys were doing the research about how his legs were different sizes and they were all excited that they had gotten them close to the same size. Maybe they finally figured out his legs. They did. I think he says his legs are now the same weight. It was the muscles in his legs were imbalanced. Christian Watson, the receiver on the Packers had the same issue. That's why he kept getting hurt. He fixed it. He didn't miss a single, single day of practice in the off season. And he's been healthy so far.


So I kind of believe in that stuff. He's been healthy so far. Running wind sprints as Malik Willis. Just hands the ball off. Yeah. Not great if you drafted a Packers wide receiver like I did. Yeah. All right. What's your number three JK Dobbins? He's back. Yeah. I mean every year there's kind of a guy or two in fantasy that will like define the season. There's always a waiver wire guy. You know, last year it was Raheem Moer who went for like three bucks. Yeah. And then led the league in touchdowns and swung a bunch of leagues. And now you know, it's like there's years where you pick up like Philip Lindsay off waivers. I remember when I was in high school, I think DeMarco Murray, I grabbed him like week four mm on the Cowboys and he like won my season.


JK Dobbins looks like that guy this year he leads the league in rushing despite being 21st and Carries chargers are just running the shit outta the ball. Gus Edwards, the other guy looks old and you know the Harbaugh Energy, they Dobbins loves Harbaugh, I think comeback player of the years and play for him. I mean, again, we talked about Achilles Tears tore his, he tore his knee and like in eight different ways three years ago and then tore his Achilles last year. Right. And now he's back. He's only 25 years old. But this is, this is ridiculous. All right, so the top, top five running backs right down in fantasy through two weeks are Kamara Barkley, Dobbins Ahan and and James Cook. Yeah. And Then Brie is down.


Brie will be heard. We're taping this before the Pats giant Pats Jets game. The two that I feel like will really be heard from are Brie and Derrick Henry. Yeah. Especially, I'm not sure about Bijan as spectacular as he is just 'cause I, I don't have a feel for that team yet. Can I make the case for James Cook? Sure. Potentially being RB one at the end of the year. It just feels like he's the most integral of all of these dudes on a good team week after week after week for how they're gonna move the ball. I mean obviously it's Josh Allen on his team, but the explosiveness, I think he's gonna get touchdowns. He catches the ball on the backfield. He's already at, he's already at almost 19 points a game.


But he's really jumped out to me the first two weeks. I didn't know if last year was gonna continue with him and it feels like it has, right? Yeah. He was just that guy that always got like Vulture by Josh Allen in the red zone. He was good. He got you. Yes. Maybe That'll happen again. He got you to the 10, but now it seems like they're easing up on Josh Allen, the Brandon Bean, the GM of the bills is like, we don't want Josh to run all the time. We want to preserve Josh a little Bit. Right. Good for James Cook. Yeah. And it's actually, it's working. We'll see, I think when the game is on the line Josh will, you know, stick his head down and run into anything. But right now Yeah, when it, when it's not. So Who do you have as your top three RBS right now? If he, like if you were starting over in fantasy? I still think Brie Hall is probably the number one guy I would take. Bree is still right there and, and I think the Jets are gonna get back.


I don't like, well we're again, we're taping this for the Jets game tonight, but I don't like how Braylin or Allen is kind of already renting a cottage on Bri Hall's corner. Yeah. And that kind of ruined my Sunday. They had. Yeah, it's weird 'cause he's good. He is good. They used Brie on a decoy at once and gave it to Braylin Allen. I'd still think my top three it's, it's Saquon. It's Bree Hall and it's, and it's eight chan I think. Oh the veal chop. Which he's my next, if you want me to do my next guy, it's, It's no do number. Is this number four? Yeah, It's the eight chan guy. It Skyler Thompson Era's gonna unleash the eight chan. That'll Be fine. The eight chan thing. The eight chan thing's paying off. Well yeah, we were talking about how he's, he's the veal chop. It's like the item on the menu that you weren't sure is worth the risk.


It's an $80 item that you're not sure whether you should get it or not. Yeah. David Chang, he incredibly upset about that take by the way, why he thinks the veal CHOP's great and disparaging in the veal chop and he is against it. You know What's funny, I don't even think I've ever had a veal chop. How is a veal chop different than like what is the difference between a veal chop and a steak? Sometimes it can be super fatty. They undercook it a lot. Like it's really hard to get the temperature perfect on it. You have to be at the right restaurant and there's just a lot of ways it can go wrong. But Chang's like you're wrong. You're just gonna, the wrong restaurants. The veal CHOP's great. So It's just like more, it's a more temperamental steak. It's just 'cause it's a baby cow, right? Yeah, yeah. Interesting. You're eating a baby cow.


That's lovely. That's That. You don't think about that part. So Cap, we say calf so you don't have to say the word baby. So A chan, you feel like this is legit. He's gonna have at least a couple of those like 35 point games, crazy games and I think so we're fine. He's, he's the third best guy in fantasy right now at running back and you know, you pair a guy who's like the fastest player in the league with McDaniel's offense, which is a massive cheat code and it's kind of the perfect combination. He just needs to stay healthy. What's lucky for him is Raheem Moser's already hurt. He's on IR and they're starting to throw to eight chan a lot more Skyler Thompson. Although, you know, that's gonna be probably pretty tough in general for Dolphins fans.


He checks down a ton and eight chan caught a ton of passes in week one. I think he's gonna get the ball 25 times a game. Maybe, you should sell high because he weighs 175 pounds and he'll probably get hurt. Right. Have one good game and then trade him. Yeah. So maybe that's, that's the case. But for right now, like I think you're riding really, really hot with him and it paid off. He, we had him in his own tier when we ranked our guys. Yeah, I love that. Because he was like so unique. Who's your fifth guy? This isn't, this is a favorite because I think it's hilarious, but I, I just think it's, it's awesome that all the tight ends suck again. The LaPorte is beyond sucking. I I think he's, he might be dead. Where is he? Yeah, they're all bad.


And I feel like this was the year where we finally decided that tight end's finally good. It was like, oh, this is great. You know, and there's not even like a clear number one, it used to be Kelsey, then a little bit of like Mark Andrews and then the rest of it was crap. And you would spend $30 on Travis Kelsey and that was it. This year it was like, oh, everything's fine. We got Kelsey LaPorte is now the new guy. Mark Andrews is still there. You have Tre McBride. Laport is the new Kelsey. Yeah. Trey McBride in Arizona is Frisky Dalton Kincaid. This is the, the big leap year. Kyle Pitts finally has a good quarterback Brock Bauers. Okay. And now they're all terrible. You know, Travis Kel had one catch last week. He's the, he's the 28th best tight end in fantasy. And just like across the board, if you look at all the numbers, I was reading a lot of stuff on online.


I mean, tight ends have eight touchdowns through two weeks. That number's never been lower than 16 since 2014. Like, we're just in a horrific spot again wi with, with fantasy tight ends and it's how it should be. It's like 2012 again. You just gotta draft a running back. You don't give a shit about tight ends and, and everyone's hurt. There's one tight end I love. Can you guess Brock Bowers? I think Brock Bauers is gonna be the dominant tight end this year for, for fantasy stuff they threw to him all the time. He catches everything. You can't cover him. And I think they finally figured that out in the second half. And I'm just expect I have him in one league. I'm just, I I'm so fired up.


I I just feel like he's gonna be the best guy. McBride's weird because he was putting up some of those stats last year before they had Harrison. Yeah, it's now they have Harrison. You know, they, they have other good receivers they got Connor and I, I just don't know if he's gonna get the touches. And then you mentioned Kelsey, like they, you know, he's just, he's just on ice until January. It's so obvious. So I people are spending big bucks on him in drafts. I didn't get it. Yeah, he's been kind of replaced by Rashi Rice as like the over the middle guy and Yeah, you don't need to play him not awesome. I think we should load management dudes like that. I mean, the Chiefs do not need Travis Kel to play 17 games if he, He's What about your guy Who Remo?


To be honest, they don't use him that much. Arthur Smith is doing like, he has like two, three tight ends out there every play now. So he's all right. You know, the Steelers don't score a lot of points unfortunately. So Because at some point they're gonna have to figure out is there a second person on the team other than George Pickens that they can throw a pass to. Yeah, I know they tried to steal the first two games on the road, not have fields make any mistakes, but now playing the Chargers this week, I just feel like that's not gonna work. You, they, they've scored 31 points in two games. I know Arthur Smith, I think has been doing a really good job with Pittsburgh because he's putting fields in positions to kind of succeed. Yeah. Fields is basically just like, is my first read there? No. Is the second read there? No. Then I'll run.


Yeah. But we, I mean the Steelers haven't been down really that much when they're down 14 in the third quarter, then I kind of think we'll see, you know, a little bit of the old fields and Yeah. The, the outside of Pickens. We have the worst receivers in the league. I, I, I wanted IU so badly. Is there, before you go, are there two people that we should be trying to trade for specifically me, because we're taping this well before the podcast goes up, two people out there that are like kind of declining stocks that you feel like you should just swoop in and grab. Yeah. if you want, I mean quarterback, I think you should absolutely go after golf. Golf right now is the, I think he's the 29th best quarterback in fantasy.


But there's a metric out there called expected points and he's second in that which basically Yeah, because they were one in seven in the red zone last week. Yeah. I mean he's still throwing the most, he has like the second most yards. He's playing all of his games indoors. He has like great weapons. I think if anybody's getting sour on him, you should definitely trade for him. I also think that, you know, Garrett Wilson and a lave are two awesome number ones on their team with good systems and good quarterbacks. I think they'll, they'll pop. I'm trying to think of who else. And then I, I actually love my guy. Is Khalil Shakira on the Bills? I think he's really good. I just think every time he catches the ball he's great. And I'm in two leagues and he's, he's great. The, the one I was thinking, and I have him unfortunately on every team is I, I do feel like there's gonna be a DJ Moore moment.


Yeah. 'cause Caleb looked so like fre fish outta water the first couple weeks. But DJ Moore was open a few times. There were stories this week about how his body language was bad on the sidelines. 'cause he was getting so frustrated. It was tough. It's like, yeah, you're right. I gotta work on that. But he's getting open and they're gonna eventually figure out how to get the, the ball to him would be my Guess. I agree. We mentioned them on our, on our Wednesday fantasy show. We did bylaws and we had the, the, honestly the whole Bears receiving room. But it, it is nice. I will say George Pickens is no longer the least happy receiver in the league body language wise. So that's good. Pickens and Fields are kind of the friends. Yeah. 'cause Pickens knows now he is gonna have his one catchy game that gets called back. Yeah. Because of holding.


Yeah. There's gonna be another, another play where he is past interfered for 50 yards. It doesn't count on his fantasy, but he created the drive and then he'll make one awesome play. Yeah. He's the best like out of bounds receiver in the league. His highlights of of plays that are were just out of bounds is better than anybody in the history of football. That catch he made last week where it didn't even seem clear on the TV how he caught the ball where he was just running. Yeah. And the ball was like somebody just dropped the ball. It was like CGI or Forrest Gump or something. He Has a good connection with Fields. He honestly does. Yeah. It you can admit that you like Fields. Go ahead. I do. It's fun right now. This is good. But again, we we're in like the per we played the Broncos and you know, it hasn't really exactly been that tough.


We're winning games like 16 to 10. But yeah, I like him. He's playing like a, an adult, you know, we'll see if he, if if like he gets triggered and then reverts back to his old ways. But right now Smith kind of has him in a nice little, a nice zone. Am I the only person you know who picked the Steelers to make the playoffs? Yeah. You you think they'll I actually do. I I I think their defense is that good and I think their defense can actually go up a level. You know, they're playing teams like they're playing Denver last week and Denver's just trying not to have Bo Nicks really do anything and Chargers this week, same thing. They're just gonna try to run the ball and then first half, you're not gonna be able to run the ball in this Steelers.


But when they start playing some of these better teams, I think their defense is gonna rise to the occasion. Yeah. I think they're really good. Yeah. I don't know. Would you rather have Fields of Russ then if you're trying to get into the playoffs? I like what Fields does. I think they've figured out how to get fields to gravitate towards the stuff that he's good at. And maybe not try, but he's still, like, he's done it a couple times already in the first two games. Like he'll, they, they'll snap the shotgun and he's looking over the tight end. He'll like hit him in the mask and he'll fumble a snap. Like he can't, he's gonna put the ball on the ground at least once a game. You just have to know that going in. But they, they've been really careful about not throwing the ball over the middle with him, which was like his big Arizona.


I like how he's playing. I think his teammates like him too. Like I think Pickens likes him. Definitely. They, they seem like On the sidelines, friends sidelines. It's like they're kind of have a thing together. I Think he, I think Fields is like a real locker room guy. DJ Moore loves him. Yeah. He was upset that he left. He was like, you know, he was getting angry at reporters who were saying that Fields wasn't good. I think people really, really like him and Yeah, they're just like, that's The thing, if you have a coach and a quarterback that the team likes, it's a good start. Yeah. You got a good defense, great start. They have a home field advantage they haven't even used yet. They haven't had a home game. I know. Yeah. They're doing a good job. And then they're in a division that, do you like anybody else in that division? I know it's tough. Yeah. If the Ravens might be oh three on Sunday night, This is probably gonna be a nine, a nine and eight, 10 and six division, whoever wins And you have an awesome kicker, which is a weird experience.


Yeah. Bo Aswell has quietly been the, like the best offensive player in the Steelers in the 2020s. I like the Steelers. Yeah. I think, I think the a FC has hit this point. Just put the Chiefs on the side. Yeah. Where if you start going through who are the other best teams? Everybody has one unit that does something really well. And then Holes. Right. The bills have, they got Josh Allen and then it's like, eh, they, you then you go to like Baltimore, it's like they got Lamar. It's like, oh, they can't walk, you know, you can throw on them. Everybody's got something. So Pittsburgh's things are like, yeah, they're not explosive. Okay. Yeah, I know They're kind of built to win in December and January with what they have.


I I, I just, I like their team. I can't explain it. I've seen this too many times. They're gonna go nine, eight. I know you have, they're gonna go nine and eight and lose by 30 in the playoffs. You're the healthiest. You've been heading into late September though, knock on wood. True. Yeah. That's fair. Usually the, yeah. TJ Watt didn't get hurt. Cam Hayward's playing. Yeah. Things are all right right now. Knock on wood. The Other thing is you can trade for another receiver. Can we who? But you can just get like Kendrick born in mid-October and at least have somebody who can get open on a third down. We definitely need to do that because, because Calvin Austin and I can't Maybe you second receiver. Yeah. It's Calvin, Austin, van Jefferson and a rookie Roman Wilson outta Michigan. I've watched both of your games and I don't remember any of those guys involved really at all.


Jefferson had a couple plays I guess, but Yeah, they just get called for holdings because they weigh 160 pounds. I like the Steelers. I think you should be more bullish. Craig Reback. Oh, what, what was the re watchable movie you hated the most this year? Purple Rain. I didn't love Purple Rain. I respected Prince's performance. But the movie Come on. That movie. That was not a good date movie. It turned out Purple Rain. No, Liz didn't love that one. What was the most popular date movie that we've done on the re watchable this year? Oh, this year? Yeah. I gotta say, whenever I pitch them to Liz, I'm like, Hey, it's called Night Shift Henry Winkler. 1980. Yeah. Michael Keaton 82. She's like, I'm good.


Jump out. Yeah. It's these guys. They're gonna run a run a brothel out of a morgue. No, yeah, no Bites. She like, she likes Twister. We both hadn't seen Twister. So that was that was a good one. That's a good one. But yeah, we got Blair Witch coming on at some point. We just recorded that. I don't know when it's coming, but did you watch that one with her? Absolutely not. She had no interest in Doing that. Oh, she's not, you're not a horror family. No, we're not. Are we? We're doing horror month, right? In October. I Think we might do horror month. Yeah. Yeah. See now we're, we're spilling re watchable beans. That's fine. Do you wanna tell people what Monday's gonna be? No. Okay. I don't. It's too important. Okay.


You haven't seen it yet though? No, I don't think anybody who's my age has seen that movie. Okay. But that, that doesn't mean it's not an incredible, awesome movie. Look, I can't Wait. Every time you give me a movie in this kind of category, I end up loving it. So I'm very excited. What was your favorite of that category without spoiling the Movie? Movie? Does the Running Man count? Yeah. Oh yeah. The Running Man was good. I love that movie. They're remaking it with Glen Powell. Did you see that? You Love Toy? Yeah, I did see that. You love Toy Soldiers? I did love Toy Soldiers Boarding School. Terrorist Attack is like the most elite idea. You love some of the Egal. Yeah. Under Siege was my favorite there.


Yeah. I can't, I can't believe who I'm becoming. You like the von Dom? You've liked some of some of that Sudden Death. The hockey one is good. The hockey one. Yeah. He has to play Goalie. Yeah. That's good. Yeah, there's a lot out there. I really liked War The Roses. I know I'm switching gears, but yeah, look, you, you're putting me onto a lot of movies that, that I would've never, ever, ever watched. I'm glad that's part of our job in the rewatch list. Yeah. All right, Craig, we're all back. you can listen to him on The Ringer Fantasy Football show and excellent show, Craig. Good to see you. All right. That's up for the podcast. Thanks to Craig and thanks to Ruiz and thanks to House and thanks to Kyle Creon and Steve for producing as well. Don't forget all of the videos and clips from this podcast are available on the PIL Simmons YouTube channel.


Have a great weekend. Don't forget to subscribe to our ringer WNBA show 'cause it's good. And we're gonna be reacting all through the playoffs and having a good time with that. And I will see you on this feed with because live on YouTube on a Sunday night. Until then On Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc.


Gambling problem call 100 gambler. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny or text Hope Y in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. When you're a small business owner, every new hire needs to make an immediate impact. Like Xavier worthy already making a big difference with the Chief Speedy guy, find a player you can be confident with LinkedIn Jobs as the world's largest professional network. LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need every minute eight candidates are hired on LinkedIn. So I hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn to post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Post your job for free terms and in conditions, apply.