
Coming up the rare Saturday afternoon out of nowhere. Podcast off a pretty crazy NBA trade.


Next it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally, back you can dive into all the action with FanDuel, they have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays. They have same game parlays. They have boosts. I'm gonna be doing boosts every single week during the N NFL season. And you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available. And listen to the end of the episode. For additional details must be 21 plus President select states' game problem call hundred gambler. Visit rg-help.com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It's normal to worry about your kids, but did you know you could worry it a little less with a SimpliSafe home security system, it'll help protect you and your family when you need it most. And you know when you realize you need SimpliSafe, if you subscribe to one of those neighborhood newsletters and you get those notifications this happened, that happened, and you go, wait, that's only a couple blocks from me. Well, right now is the time to get SimpliSafe. For a limited time. Get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system, plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network, where you can find off guard with Austin Rivers. He's gonna be popping on this podcast in one second to talk about a pretty bizarre out of nowhere Nicks Timberwolves trade that could have dramatic ramifications for the 2020 4 25 NBA season. We're gonna be talking about it in one second. Don't forget, you can watch all the videos and clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel where we're going live on Sunday night with Cousin Sal. Breaking down week four NFL, doing Guest Alliance for week five. you can join us on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel live. All right, let's get to it in Pearl Jam. Here's Austin Rivers, let's go.


All right. We are taping this Saturday afternoon Pacific time. There was a huge NBA trade last night. I was at a dinner party, I was having drinks, my phone started blowing up. I'm like, what the hell? I see the trade and all of a sudden text after text and I'm just going, I'm not doing this. I'm putting my phone away. I'm gonna read about this tomorrow. And then was reading about it today a little bit and I'm like, what the the fuck was this trade? And I'm battling on it. You texted me and you're like, yeah, what the fuck was this trade? And we just decided to hop on the pot and talk about it. Yeah, pretty Much. Austin, Rivers Austin. Rivers is here. You have a special bonus. You played with towns, but yeah. So we'll go.


I want quick question and then a big picture. Eight questions for you. Yeah. But quick question. Now that you've sat with it for a few hours, do you feel like one or the other won this trade? If I had to choose, I would say the Knicks. Okay. Tell me why. And I might, and I, at the end of the day, I do think Carl Anthony Towns is an upgrade from Julius Randall. I think Julius Randall's a fabulous player, a really good player. But Carl Anthony Towns is I think a different level. And then you add to that, his abilities, I think align with what they need in terms of spacing the floor. You have a big that's gonna be able to do that. The pick and pop game. I think with Jalen Brunson's gonna be fantastic. Carl's highly skilled, doesn't need the ball in his hands a lot.


He's more gonna shoot or he is gonna make a move right away. Yeah. I think Julius is a guy that you throw the ball down to and you gotta watch him take his time. You know, he takes time to get his baskets. He needs rhythm dribbles, multiple jab fakes, multiple pump fakes. It's, it's almost like it's tiring watching him score. You actually commend him for having the conditioning to do it. Right. But so I think that's what they wanted to do. And I think they made that decision when they paid og. Okay. You know, when they paid him $200 million, they're like the same position, but they're different types of players. So they're saying kind of they're going that route. 'cause he is not a three. I don't like OG at the three. I like him as a undersized kind of four, especially in today's NBA. So yeah, it's interesting. I don't know. I think they would win. I get why people like David Zo.


So I'm going the other way. I'm zagging. Okay. So, and I don't even know if I feel like I'm not gonna be like, mark this down, put it in magic marker. I'm right on this. Yeah. But as I sat with it for a few hours, I actually liked it more for Minnesota. 'cause they got outta that towns money. Yeah. And I don't know if the way the team was constructed with the ownership influx with how much money they're gonna have to spend on Edwards, they have to keep Gobert and just in general then to pay towns 220 million for four years when I don't know what your ceiling is for him. Yeah. And now you flip him into Randall for a year, you get Vincenzo who is, can be your sixth man who's a proven guy who can finish games and you have more flexibility.


Nas can get the towns minutes. And it just makes sense to me. But the Randall piece is the part I can't figure out. Okay. So I'm leaning Minnesota. You're leaning Knicks. But I wanna go through, if I have to, Yeah, if I, if I, if I to and I, and by the way, I don't, I'm not saying like, don't put that a magic marker. That was just my lean. Yeah. Eight questions. First one, why now for the Knicks, why right before training camp, where was the patience? Because I remember I was talking to Nick's like three days ago, Nick's buddy of mine. And I'm like, I kind of like that the Knicks are saying, we don't know what our roster is yet. We lost Hartenstein. We might, we might not have Robinson for three months.


We don't really have a center, but we don't have to figure this out. Now it's 82 games plus four rounds in the playoffs. Let's see how this goes. And we'll make a move. And now all of a sudden they're just, they're they're, this is it. They're pock committed to now this roster. So why now? What happened? I think the only thing you could hang your hat on in this sense would be, what other big are we gonna be? I think Carl was made available and they're probably thinking, what other big are we gonna get of this guy's caliber? Right to, So you're looking at like the Chevi. Yeah. It's like, yeah, you're there. This is this best case scenario right now. We're gonna wait till the season and hopefully get someone better than Carl or Carl's like probably the what, third, fourth best set in the league. So it's like, you know, at this point you're just like, you know, let's move somebody.


I don't think the Vincenzo was a guy they wanted to take, you know, or you know, make a part of the deal. But that was the only way it was gonna get done. That was my feeling as well. Because I, I'm thinking like on the one hand, this deal is there for Minnesota in January. Right. They're still doing it. 'cause they can get off the town's money. The only way it's not there in January is if Minnesota comes out like gangbusters. Dillingham is good right away. They're like 24 and five after 29 games. They're like, yeah, we're actually not gonna mess with this. My guess. And I don't know, and I asked around, I was trying to find out, and I still feel like my bet would be New Orleans, but my guess was another team was creeping around towns and it became a shit off the pot thing with the Knicks.


They're probably talking for a couple weeks with the Knicks and Minnesota saying We're not doing this without DDV. He's gotta be in it. Nick's like, well we can't do that. We'll put, what about Robinson? We'll do Robinson and Randall and we'll throw whatever out. They're like, no, we want d dv. Like, well, we can't do it. So then maybe around Wednesday, Thursday you get New Orleans. Maybe they're like, Hey Brandon Ingram. And we have picks and can, can we get towns because they don't have a center either. Maybe it's the Clippers, maybe it's Houston offering a three for one. I, I don't think it was Golden State 'cause I don't think Golden State wanted to be in the towns business. But does that make sense to you that maybe a second team or maybe they use somebody as a stocking horse to make the Knicks do that trade.


Right. That's all it takes. Yeah. All, all it takes is for one other person to like you or have interest and then, you know what I mean? Then suddenly it's, it's now it's okay now, now we got a war here. We gotta make a decision here. He might go, he might go to New Orleans tomorrow. No New Orleans is talking and things are progressing. I mean that's like the language that happens in the front office. It's always those type of words and people just kind of make a decision. I would've liked them to go to the season and just seen what worked, what didn't, who fit in who did it. Di Vincenzo is a very underrated loss. I don't think people understand the shooting he provided the Knicks. I know he is a good hustle player. I know he made all the little things. That's great. And those are not overlooked things, but they have a guy like Josh Hart who does that. The differences, no one in that team can shoot the ball like di Vincenzo.


Especially after last year where he was shooting it. And not only where how he shoots, he's a catch and shoot guy. Catch and shoot quick shot. Raquel's a rhythm shooter. Josh Hart's not a, you know, a shooter. He does a lot, you know, all the other things in terms of spacing that concerns me. Their two guard spot. Josh Hart's gonna start, you know, you've gotta hope Josh shoots above 37, 30 8% there. They're gonna need him to be around that mark from Three. But they would say towns would be the, the extra spacing. 'cause they weren't gonna have center of Pac of pacing. So that's the switch For sure. And that's, that's and that's the upgrade. That's where they get that, right. Yeah. On. So that's why I said the Knicks kind of, when I, you told me, chose told me to choose. I, I went the Knick side just due to the fact that at least You didn't love it though.


I don't love it. I don't love it. If I had to pick, can we talk about I about DDV for a second because that's such a big part of this trade. I'm so glad you said that for sure. He was 18 a game and 43%, three point shooting last year. Crunch time guy fearless. Yeah. Proved that he can play big minutes in big games with big states on the road at home. Right. Wasn't like anybody else. They had. And I think it's a huge loss for them. Not to mention RIP the Villanova four. I had this as the third question. Like we didn't even get to see the four Villanova guys together. That's something we just saw them and just saw their pictures next to each other. That was it. Crazy. That's how I know. And, and just by based off of Carl Anthony Town's reaction, you know, the dot, dot dot.


Yeah. You know, I think both sides were stunned that this happened. You know, I we've seen all of this hoopla around Villanova having this pretty much the vi you know, the Villanova, Nicks, all those guys have a history of high success obviously at the college level. Yeah. They got a coach that seems in line with how, how they play and who they are. Thibo know Hards, the real chemistry that you have when you've played with dudes that you grew up with. I thought that was really special. Those three Guys, if you put me and my four college dudes together that I win a national title with on an NBA team, man, we're gonna be playing like it's, you know what I mean? Yeah. Like that's gonna be natural from day one. So that's, it was disappointing to hear that he is in that and then he's the best shooter on the team. So, you know, again, they got Carl Anthony Towns, which is great, but like, man, if I'm guarding Josh Hart and, and, and Brunson's right here on the top of the key where he likes to operate.


He likes to, you know, operate on his 1 0 1. I'm right there in load side, man. Like, yeah, you, you gotta, you gotta pass the Josh, you know, where before I'm like hugged up on Di Vince Chino, if I gave him one second, that ball is launched. You know what I'm saying? Right. At a high clip, that's a big deal. So, you know, they lost a lot. But on the flip side, they had no center. And I don't know if we can make that exactly strong enough. They must have really feel, felt like Robinson, you know, it was like, oh, it could be two months, like in NBA time, two months could be six months. We're doing this with Pingus. Now they're like December now they're like, might be November. And then it's like, that could be February. You just don't, it's like a three month range or whatever date. So they were gonna have to play basically Randall and Ano center.


He got Randall and a contract ear. Yeah. Now playing out a position who seemed unhappy anyway. And, and that goes back to the, this question of where was the patient's? Why now? Yep. I feel, and you know, I might've might've heard a couple things too about this. I feel like there was some real chemistry concerns with Randall. Yeah. You know, that bringing him in Under, you know, as, as kind of the, the, the ugly stepchild of this Villanova four team. And he's over there and he is underpaid by the fact that he is a top 50 guy. He's gonna have to play outta position, Brunson's gonna have the ball all the time, and they must have not liked something. Right.


That's, that's fair. Well it's like, you know, it's always hard for a player, especially a star player when things don't go to plan. And the plan was never for Brunson to be the best player. I mean, when they traded for him, they thought he was gonna be a good player. I don't think anybody thought Brunson was gonna be this level of a player where he is like an MVP candidate and the top point. You know what I mean? Like, could he be The top three guy in an excellent team? Yes. Yeah. Like, and now we had these answers were before people thought they were crazy for giving him a hundred million. So now we're here where he has a, a new friendly contract that he did, which was crazy. But this guy's, the guy Julius has had to take a natural backseat. He misses games last year. OG plays, they go like 23 and four, some crazy number.


Right. I don't know what it was. So it's like they have this success without him. And reminds me of like the Boston Kyrie thing. Like, they were really good without him. So when he came back, people were like, we don't really know if we want him. Or like, we have young Guys, right? What is this team Now? Yeah. What is this team now is this is weird. And then they pay OG who I know is like a three, four tweener, but it's like 200 million man, you know, that was a decision right then and there where they're like, this is kind of where we're headed. You know, if I, if I'm a two guard and someone pays like a, another scoring guard, 200 million, I'm be like, well, what's their plans for me? Right. You know what I mean? Like, long term they keep 'em, both of us, you know, like, who's finishing the game? Are we playing small? No, we can't play small. We can't play both of us together with Josh, we have no shooting.


So it's like, I I it was a decision right then and there. And again, I think they panicked. Like you said, someone might had an interest in in Carl and they're like, yo, we need a center. We need a center now. Carl's the best available. And by the way, Carl's a really good player. We gotta lose Divin. Shinto, we gotta lose him. Maybe we could figure out some shooting. They got big Bri, they got some other guys that could shoot the ball. you can always kind of maybe find shooting here and there. After all, they did find de Vincenzo. No one thought he could shoot like that before he came to New York. So, you know, I, I think you get Carl. Well, fundamentally, fundamentally, they're looking at last year's team and they're like towns replaces de vincenzo basically in Hartenstein. Right. And the Mitchell thing going then bridge replace is Nobody like Bridges is just this Yeah.


Added piece. So I guess Bridges would replace DDV and then, and then towns replaced Hartenstein. That's, and both of those guys are better than the guys replacing now. They gave up every asset they had to get to that point. Yeah. But fundamentally, that's what it is. I, that's, That's why I go to New York though. Well, the thing is theoretically, it's like this is one of those theoretical teams now where you look at them and you go, man, shooting everywhere. They're kind of built like the Celtics, right? Two really good two-way rings, a stretch five, who can actually shoot 40%. Somebody who can handle the ball on crunch time and they can run the offense through. And there's just threats everywhere of Josh Hart, man.


Unless he just goes sideways with his three. Yeah. He, I defensively their wings, like you said, man, that is to have Mikel, Josh, and OG all out there at the same time on the floor when you talk about like 50 50 balls and rebounds and all that. Like, they're going to dominate because that's one those guys, that's what those guys do for a living. You know what I mean? Right. Like, they're gonna be a very, this is a tip, this is a tip of O Dream team if I've ever seen one. You know what I mean? He, well, Except for the nightmare of coaching towns, again, because they, those guys didn't like each other. That's the, that's, that's also interesting too, this dynamic of him back with, with the, I mean, especially after I, you know, I've been, I played for the Knicks. I play forts and I play with Carl. The fit is unique.


I don't, that's gonna be interesting Terms of, I wouldn't say this is peaches and herb reunited just a lot of love on stage. No, no, no. Just a lot of romance. I think this is, there's gonna be a lot of good acting. You know, I, I talked to Carl sides. Well, we, we hashed, we hashed things out a couple years ago. You know, we kept it between us. But I, I think we're in a really good place. Like what is, what else is Tips gonna say? Yeah, I hated coaching him. And we fought all the time. We didn, you know, Carl was young and immature and I was on his ass all the time and we never really clicked. Yeah. But now he's older. I get like, what, what else are you gonna say? Now he's older. Maybe he's more mature, You know, personality wise, they don't even like, just knowing both of them.


They just don't even, that doesn't make, but again, like you said, man, wait, they're gonna play the faces. Wait, That's the understatement of the century. The town's personality and the tips personality, I'm gonna say, what are those two guys have in common? Oil and Yeah, it's, it's, it's complete opposites. Polar opposites. But you like counts. But you can, I do like him. Like I, you playing him, I think he's a nice guy. I think he's vastly misunderstood. Yeah. I get, I get what's frustrating about him, some of the things he does in the game as a coach, you wanna like pull your hair out. Like just like some decisions he makes. The fouling, some of the stuff you do, you're just like, Carl, why? It's like the same thing over the foul and Over 35 feet from the basket when everybody has four fouls and you just crash Car. He has a bro, he has a history of just the, the silly fouling amongst some other things.


But it's, it's overlooked. No, he's, he's the worst. Silly Fowler. He's the goat of silly fouling. I dunno, in N NBA history, who's been worse than him with, at he, with timing. The, the dumbness of the foul. I, the consistency of it. But we overlook it, dude. The talent, you know what I mean? He's so good. He's so talented, man. He's so fucking good, bro. But he's, he's one of those guys that we see on Twitter the 25 years from now. Carl Anthony Towns was a problem. He shot 40% and it's like, yeah, he was a problem, but he was also a problem if you're trying to win the title. So he's, that leads to the second question. Gotta Up some stuff. My second question was Carl Anthony Townsend, New York City with Knicks fans.


Is there a more exciting NBA subplot right now? Because this could go, It's either Way. Every direction, Either way I'm gonna go for him because he's good. If that dude laces him up, you know, one thing they'll appreciate is if you play good, you know what I mean? If he's out there shooting 40%, dropping 20 a night, they're gonna love Carl. They're gonna love Carl. There are gonna be times where they're, you know, Carl's got to be prepared to play in that type of atmosphere. You know what I mean? He's a different type of guy. Emotionally, personality wise. Yeah. He's been in Minnesota his entire career. Yeah. This is a huge stage for him. This is a different stage. You were always on the young bad team that was like up and coming and then last year y'all really got there. But now you are thrown in a team that's like, we're trying to win right now with a coach that expects right now with the coach.


Historically, we know you and him weren't the greatest. And that's an understatement. And now you're being with him again on the biggest Broadway show in basketball, sports. I mean, this is, this is what it is. So it's like, it is an very interesting dynamic. I I, I mean, well On the one side, incredible situation for him, right? Because conceivably in towns, I, I think I've probably been of anybody who has a Plat, a relatively big platform, probably the most frustrated with him. Priscilla might be number one. I I, maybe I'm number two. But just the talent's there and you just, he's one of those, when's he gonna get it? When's he gonna get it? And there were real signs for last year. Right? But then you look at him with this Knicks team, the best version of him is as a stretch five on a team that think that can then handle some of the rebounding and some of the defense for him.


So he doesn't have to be a traditional center. Right? Yep. That's the Knicks, an Nobie can really help with an nobie can in some ways almost be like a, like the surrogate center with some bigger guys and guards, some big dudes. Or you have the pick and roll piece with Brunson. He, it's just a better situation than putting him with Rudy Gobert just is Yeah. And then the same shooting and the spacing. And if he can ever figure out some sort of pick and roll thing with Brunson, you've got that. Yeah. For bigger stage for sure. Like you said, it's a bigger stage that you can't compare Minnesota to New York City. You know, it's like, no, every single game is a play, is like a playoff game in Minnesota that he is gonna play in New York.


And if he's good, the fans are gonna love him. If he starts doing weird town stuff, he's gonna become super polarizing. It happened to Randall and it'll be, I think, worse. Right. And Randall was not exactly Mr. Popularity, Which is cra and this just tells you the amount of pressure it is to play for that city. You know, what was, what was Randall 26 and seven a night? Right? You know, like, this is a guy putting up some phenomenal numbers for you guys, man. Like Knicks fans. I mean, just, just for the general idea of like, they hated a guy who gave him 25 a night. You know what I mean? Like that concept, it's hard to like, in player terms, you just start thinking like, wow. You know what I mean? Like the pressure of that. I know Julius is probably relieved in some ways, probably like, let me get outta here, play somewhere else.


Like I, this, this has not been great for me. I've had great moments. You know what I mean? I've really broke out my shell here. This is where it came together for me as a, as a, as an NBA star. You know, in some ways he probably was gonna look at New York. You have to look at his success. If you're Julius, before you were in New Orleans and LA trying to find your way, wasn't really working. Then you go to New York, you become an Allstar So. it was very, you know, pivotal for him to have a stage to do that, you get to do that in New York. And now he probably gets away from that because it's a little toxic at this point. I had some Rational Knicks fans in my life who were like, I just don't like him. I don't like the faces he makes. I just don't like him. Julius Ball stopper. Yeah. Julius, I don't, I'm glad you, I don't like the look on his face. I think he, I think he's a black hole.


I don't get it. I don't think he's a winning player. And then when he got hurt and they played better without him, all the people that was felt that way, were like, see, I was telling you the whole time. Just Yeah. Just, yeah. Sometimes you're one injury away from being great. And we had that injury and I just, They needed him in the playoffs. They did, They did need him in the playoffs. They never, The four players, they needed them. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. Yeah. Brunson Brunson had to do a lot at that point. And he could've used Julius. But you know what? I'm glad you said the ball stopper comic, because I'm a fan of Julius's game. You know, he's a very talented player, hardworking guy. One of the hardworking players I ever play with. But his style of play, like you said, man, he takes his time. You know, he, he is, I don't wanna call him a black hole, but like, listen, he iss a scorer.


It's called, they're all black holes. They're all ball hogs. All the best scores in the leagues are, right? Yeah. Any guy who's averaging above 22 points a game is a ball hog, bro. You know what I'm saying? Like, just for the most part, unless you're like a Nicola Yoic type guy who's plays in a whole different way, everybody else, they get the ball and they, they require a lot of dribbles and a lot of time. And Julius is definitely one of those guys, right? Like Brandon Ingram's another one of those guys. Certain guys. Yes. And that's why when you put them in the international, when the ball has to move and the flows different, those guys really struggle. And that's why this for Minnesota, bro, I don't know. I'm gonna let you ask your questions because that might be one of them. Oh Yeah. Well, two more things on towns. First of all, the contract 49.5 this year.


53.1, 57.1 61.0 player option. So to say that, to say the Knicks are pot committed would be an understatement. Hey, listen. And they got Bridges coming. Bridges gonna be basically a free agent in 26. Yeah. And he's gonna be another 40 minutes. So this is like, they've traded Onlan Olympics. Dolan. Yeah. Dolan. He's Going for it. He's going for it. He's Going for it. But you think about, so we do The Ringer 100, right? Where we, we, we, everybody ranks, we aggregate the rankings. And I had towns, this last list I just handed in towns was 32 on my list, 32nd best player in the week. Randall had 45th.


Okay? And Dante was 93rd. So they basically took 45 and 93 and their last Detroit pick. That's not even, not even, who knows if that's even ever be a first rounder to move up to 32, right? Yep. So you look at that and you go, well, that's not, but that's not why they did it. They did it because of the, the shooting and because they needed a center. And because theoretically this should be an awesome team. I just, the question for me that everyone loved that Knicks team last year, the overachieving such a tips team. Oh, the Villanova guys. And now you bring bridges in, everybody's like, this is great. Don't do anything else. I love, I love what we're doing. Let's not panic. And now they've done another thing. And now if that team doesn't look like last year's team and it's a little choppy, people are gonna be like, why the fuck did they do all this?


I like last year team. Lot of pressure year's team. Yeah. Lot of pressure. Especially on Carl. A lot of unfair pressure. I mean, it is, it's called for what it is. And I, it's hard to say unfair when he's getting paid that much, but he, they're expected to be really good right away. Yeah. When, when is it unfair? How much, how many million dollars per year? You Said? 60? I I He's a 49.5 this year. So, it might be mildly fair, Fair point. But a lot of pressure though. Well, and also, oh, a guy that we have wondered about. Actually, let's take a break. 'cause I, I have this, I wanted to talk about his, the career moment for him. So one quick break.


This episode is brought to you by Netflix, which we should be showing Mr. McMahon on September 25th, starting five. A new 10 part Netflix sports series provides an intense behind the scenes look at the 2020 3 24 NBA season through the eyes of five of the league's biggest players, Jimmy Butler, Anthony Edwards, LeBron James De Monte Saboni, and Jason Tatum. Obviously, I'm always gonna think about this season, think about the fact that the Celtics and Jason Tatum won the title, but Anthony Edwards had a breakout superstar season. They captured all of it. Starting five captures the biggest players battles on and off the court, giving sports fans an unfiltered view of life at the pinnacle of pro basketball Watch. Starting five October 9th, only on Netflix.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob ULTRA, a superior light beer Michelob Bal ULTRA good for so many things. Camping barbecues cheering on your favorite team. But it's especially great to have while watching a basketball game or while sitting outside on a nice summer night. Thinking about a basketball game. People you know, they'll, they'll mess around with the Michelob Ultras. Maybe they'll put a little orange slice on it. Maybe they'll pour it in a nice cold, frosty mug. I'm a bottle guy. I like bottles. I like grabbing the Michelob ULTRA like drinking outta the bottle. I've actually, as I've been getting older, I went through a phase where I wasn't drinking a lot of beer. Now I feel like I'm drinking as much beer as I have in a long time, especially during the summertime. And Michelob ULTRA is perfect. Well, it may not be basketball season yet, the preseason will be here before you know it. So make sure you stock up while you can order a pack of Michelob ULTRA today. Have it delivered through doordash.com. Enjoy it responsibly. Copyright 2024 Anheuser-Busch Michelob ULTRA Registered Light Beer St. Louis, Missouri.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan. Bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state or we're talking about Carl Anthony Towns.


This is such a fascinating career moment for him. And this happens sometimes in the NBA, right? Like Bridges gets traded from the Nets to the Nicks. I don't really have any questions about Bridges. I know what kind of player he is. I think he is a winning player. We've seen him succeed on a finals team. We've seen him at least try to hold the forward on a bad team. But he's probably more meant to be on as the third best guy on a finals team or a team like this current next team. I don't, I don't have any more questions about him. Towns, I've had questions his entire career. And that Minnesota team hit a point during, in the playoffs where it was like, shit, they figured this out. They have this crazy size defense on the wings. I remember doing a podcast about this team has a chance to be the best defensive team in 20 years.


Now all of a sudden they've blown it up and towns comes in as this guy who just is gonna be this 20 years from now. Carl Anthony Towns was a problem social media guy, but maybe he could also still be really good and maybe he could be the second best player in a title team. We saw this happen with Andrew Wiggins. Andrew Wiggins was the second best player on the Golden State warrior who won the title. Yeah. Which gives me hope for towns. Yeah. But I wouldn't bet on it. Wiggins adjusted his game though. I mean, especially, I mean, look at the growth in his game. The arc. He, we went from being like a guy who just didn't really know how to play basketball, scored the ball to Minnesota. Really like Wasteless points, you know, those type of Points.


Yeah. 20 shots a game. Yeah. To where he's playing efficient basketball. He is like the third, fourth option. Some games, some games, the second option, some games, not defensive guy rebounding what he, what he did to Luca. I mean like those series after series after series. Even Jalen and Tatum, the way he was guarding those guys, you know, that's why we've been kind of harsh on them the past year or two. We're like, what happened, man? Yeah. Like it looked like you figured it, you figured it out. Like, what's different now? You know, like, just be that guy. But yeah, I have, I really hope Carl can put something together, but I feel like people have been so hard on him. I, I get it. I know he gets paid a lot. I know this, but people attack him, his personality, the, the, the, the whole nine yards, you know what I mean? I just want the guy to go somewhere.


And it looked like you said you nailed it right on the head at one point, man, last year in the playoffs, we were watching them like, I don't know if anybody's gonna beat this team. I was like, they might, they might be able to beat Boston like this. They look incredible. When they beat Denver. I was like, this team looks insane right now. They're all blocking shots and rebound and running the floor. They're all long and athletic the way they're guarding Jamal Murray. I'm like, bro, this team is, they're good. Like good god. You know what I mean? And then they just had that weird series verse Dallas and certain things got exposed, especially in the pick and roll. You know, Luca picked that team apart, man. And I think that was like the final straw for this experiment where people were like, yo, we did have a great year. We gotta, let's, let's see if we can make something shake here between the two bigs. One of 'em gotta go.


You know? And, and Gobert doesn't have the kind of trade value to get Randall. He doesn't you not to get the return. Yeah. You're not to get the return. Exactly. So I think Carl was the guy and he always been that, you know, he's been dealing with that, you know, as I, this is just interesting right now with Julius Randall. Can we talk about the Minnesota side Like that? Yeah. Well I had one last thing on towns. This is an, a legacy of the Knicks that predates when you were alive and even before your dad got into the league. Like, we're going back to the seventies with Spencer Haywood and Bob McAdoo and you know, through Stefan Marberry, Larry Johnson, the legacy of this franchise. And one of the reasons they haven't won a title since 1973 is over and over again.


They get seduced by these expensive superstars where it's like, well maybe this will be the city and the team for him and towns is kind of like that. Like this is a 1976 Nick's move where you talk yourself into the glass half full version of a guy that if it doesn't work out, you're fucked. Right. And I, and I understood why they make the made the trade. I see it. But they could also be fucked if this doesn't work out because there's no second home for him. If it, if this bombs in New York City and now you're talking about, look at Zach Levine right now. Like they, they look at Brandon Ingram right now with one year left on his deal. They can't find a suitor for him. It's become harder and harder to trade these expensive guys when there's a fire sale sign on them.


So this kind of has to work out. And the history of the Knicks is not great with this. Maybe they'll be able to change it. Yeah. It's, it's, you know what I mean? No. Hundred percent So It history and the skeletons becomes part of the DNA. It's weird. It's an energy thing. That's the only thing I can come up with. You felt, you felt In the Clippers, like Yeah, the fucking energy and DNA around the clippers overcame the clippers. It just felt like, yeah, no matter how good we were, something was going to hold us back. I, I don't know what, whatever that is. I don't know. Something wasn't gonna work out. Someone's gonna get into it. I totally understand what you're saying. This is definitely, if we're talking about the, this is like the frustrating part of being a Knicks fan. I mean, this is what Stephen a and all these guys yell about every time they're on. I mean like, yeah, as good as they get.


It's like, even like you've just said a couple minutes ago they got Mikel and everybody's like, okay, we're good. This is, we're good now. Like what A fun team. I Love it. Yeah. This is, we can, we can work with this. We'll see how Julius and og if it gets weird then we can address it then. But like, let's, let's throw these guys out there and let's figure it out. And then like they make this train. It's like, here we go again. Is this gonna work? Like, 'cause now we're here. The Vincenzo was a big part of this team. He's gone. You know what I mean? Julius again was a guy. Even you can say whatever you want, he's put in 25 a night. You know, so it's just like this is, this is a big risk. You know, Carl, like we said is a personality. Is it gonna work with him? And tips first and foremost, let alone the environment of playing in the Knicks. Well now he's got Stephen a, he's got W fan, They're gonna be on his, he's Got a way bigger spotlight with the Knicks thing.


And then if it doesn't go well, who are they gonna blame? I I guarantee he'll be the number one person who gets blamed. Season's the only person Go Well person. They're not gonna blame another Villanova guy. Yeah. They're not gonna be any of those guys. Brunson's The most popular athlete in the city, they love, they're gonna love Bridges. Narobi listen After the $113 million give back. You know, I I, he's gonna get a statue out there. They, they win a championship. Brunson gonna get a statue. Yeah, well I, I just hope they don't do forensic accounting of Brun. Of Brunson's Brunson's, his checking account the the hundred, if it was really 113 million, but it can't be that much 'cause Right. He can get outta there after two years and maybe upgrade it after that.


Yeah, there's some stuff after Two years. Alright. Minnesota better, worse or different if you, it's different. One of those three. I'm I'm going different too. Yeah. Yeah, they're different. I don't Dunno if they're better or worse yet. Definitely different. Yeah. I can't say they're worse. 'cause like Julius is no scrub man. Juli Julius is a really good player. And then you add even Shinzo to the fact that they got another two-way player to an already really good defensive team. Now you got like the, you got Nas, you got Jada McDaniels, you got an who can really defend. You got Rudy Gobert, we know what he does. Now you throw like a divin zo the there, you're like, good god, every single guy on the floor can slide their feet. They're gonna have lineups where they're able to switch one through five. Right. You know what I mean?


Like that's a very dangerous weapon to have in today's NBA. Every down screen switched kills a whole play. So they have that ability to do that. And that's part of the reason why like the nuggets struggled with them. I mean, Joe just had NAS thrown at him then he had Rudy thrown at him, then he had Carl thrown at him. Like just multiple bodies are thrown at him. Obviously Carl's not there, but they still have Nas. And I think that's a big Reason. But Carl being one of the three, I think really helped them because 100% It was all three of those guys and it was the totality of it. Now they don't have the same kind of totality, but No, I mean, But they bet on that though. They bet on that. I think the stock on NAS is so high. They're like, you know what? I think we're good. Let letting go of Carl. Like this guy's just as good in some ways. Like Nas is fucking talented. They're like, let's let the young guy get some minutes more. We still got Julius in there, but if it doesn't work, he has an expiring contract anyway and we got this dude right here.


Or you Know what, like you can trade him in February because the time of the deal course you can flip random doesn't work out. I'm glad you mentioned the NAS thing because there were a lot of moments last season when NAS was out there instead of towns where it's like, oh Yeah, I'm sure they're worse. Yeah. I might actually like this version of the team a little bit more. Yeah. And I wonder, Tim Connolly runs that team who's a super smart guy, very well respected. And I wonder if if every time that happened he was like, Hmm, I'm gonna file that one away for sure. Because they locked NAS up. Nas is on a good deal, great deal. And you think like short term they're gonna get hit this year. But they did save a bunch of money on the luxury tax. I think they saved like 40 million tax.


But then next year Randall comes off. So that's 30 million. That's just off. You replace that with like a nine, $10 million guy and try to patch together the towns minutes with Nas and somebody else with DDV and it's still way less than your paying towns. And I, I'm sure that's how they saw it. And they have more flexibility. The towns thing was just like the grim reaper. You go on spot track and you just see it with all their salaries. Especially if like they're clearly building around Edwards and that's gonna be the guy and you can't also have a $60 million teammate for him. That's not, you can, if it's Jalen Brown, you can't if it's towns. Yeah. It's so funny that you said that. It's like I, you could feel it like even two, three years ago before an took that jump last year I was there.


Yeah. And you know, it's not that Carl was, had any animosity towards an, you know, he didn't do anything malicious, anything like that. You could feel it just in some of like the behavioral, like just energy that he was like losing con, I don't wanna say losing control, but Yeah. Like it was This, he was losing Alpha dog status. Yeah, yeah. The Big brother. This brand has been his, you know what I mean? Yeah. And now this guy comes in and he is talking and he is, and everyone's so swayed by him too. It's the way ant moves. Like ant walks in the locker room and he said it's immediately his. Yeah. And everyone is just like, you can see he was just like, what, what the fuck? I, you know, it, it was just, it just happened. And I think they, they're ready now, especially with the NAS play. I think they're like, yo, I think we can do this.


We add deep vincenzo. I just don't like, and I love Julius, I love Julius on a lot of teams in the league. Just not this one man. You got a guy who's like a, he needs like five, six seconds. He's not a quick decision guy. He's not a, he's not a pick and pop guy. It was already clouded and crowded with, with with Gobert in, in him. Julius out there in the middle of the floor just hovering around. And then you got Gobert who doesn't really, the spacing's gonna be awkward. Yeah. Trying to, so you think the starting five would be an Conley, McDaniels Randall and Gobert Has to be who else? And then, and then the bench is Nas, Dante, Dillingham Alexander Walker, right? Yes. And now, so the, it'll be one of these situations where the starter, it'll be like what happened with the Olympic team?


The starters come out, they're minus six, the bench comes in, the bench gets the lead back and you're like, oh, they should probably mix this up. And they just, they won't. But really their crunch time five Randall's not gonna be out there. I don't think that's a, That's, that's thing The nas be in the Randall spot and that's gonna be a big, big go Blow. That's gonna be a PR for sure. You know, we're, again, we're talking about a 25 to nine player. This is, this is a big time player. He's an all star. Yeah. You know what I mean? So this is a guy like, what, this guy's a mid-level contract. Why is this guy finishing the game over me? You know what I mean? Like who, you know what's going on here. Well You mentioned the go the spacing with him and Gobert, which is gonna be weird. There's also, I love an an As as we discussed in the past.


I mean he's, he's my vote to be the next big American. Super duper star. It's a little ball stopper. Just a little No right. No, no, no. Just a little. That's what again, they, there's guys like Kobe Gilbert Arenas, right. Whoever, yeah. You go score. They're a little bit of a ball hog. But listen, you're a scorer. Go do the, do what you're supposed to do. But he is a ball stopper and he is great. We all love Anne like you said. But that is kind of what he is. That's exactly. So they bring Randall, that's what Julius Randall is. Yeah. They, they're both the same. Julius is not a quick decision guy. You throw to him in the post, you gotta wait five seconds for him to score. Like it is a process. It takes a lot of dribbles. It's a lot of work. He, he picking and popping iss. Not really his game. He wants to catch pump fake raise you. He does the whole thing him with Ant I, it's a strange dynamic with, with Rudy on the floor too.


And they have to start that lineup. I hate to say half, but like Yeah, Well there's another version of it where Go Bear's not out there and they're playing Nas Randall McDaniels Conley. That's not, and or it's, they're playing Dante in the McDaniels spot. 'cause McDaniels is trick or treat and there's games when he doesn't have it. They didn't have a swing to bring in for him last year if you didn't have it. Right. That's one of the reasons they lost the Dallas series. Now with, with Dante, he can come in. That's A good point. It's a good point. He also, he gives them, he's not a point guard obviously, but he gives them a little bit of Conley Insurance who's old. If Dilling if's not ready, you can kind of be like, fuck it, let's just put out Dante and Ant together and that's our back court. Five minutes.


That's exactly what they'll do. That's exactly what they'll do. That's exactly What they'll do. Yeah. He could, he could bring the ball up. He's not a point guard. Yeah. What's today's NBA point guard man? Yeah. You know what I mean? Yeah, yeah. You, they could definitely do that for sure. I like their flexibility. There's a world where Randall maybe figures out how to make quicker decisions, but I mean he is, he's still in his twenties. The other thing is, if he is unhappy from what we've seen from Edwards and you played with him, when these guys are larger than life, I think he'll have a way of sucking Randall into buying into the program. 'cause that could have happened to towns, right? Towns could have checked out or gone sideways. And I thought it was so fascinating watching how Edwards dealt with him psychologically and how inclusive he was to him and how he'd bring press conference.


He would tease him on the podium and he was just so clearly trying to boost him up and Bundini brown him the whole time. And I do think he'll do that with Randall. I don't know if it'll work, but I bet he tries to do it that way. I would imagine just, you know, obviously Julius is a high level player, so you gotta have a high level mind to some, you know, to some level. Right. And I play with Julius, he's a smart player. There is a, there's a, just a human awareness here, right? The Brunson thing, we all agree kind of came outta nowhere and it was like a back and forth, you know, they didn't like Batman Robin and it it, yeah. That it wasn't the term he wanted there. This is a very clear situation he's walking into. There's no way in hell Julius Randall walks in the Tim Wolf's walk or Tim Wolf's walk locker room is like, I'm the best player here.


Right. You know what I mean? So I think he knows even here, like plus if we're just talking from the money standpoint, he's probably like, do I need another place to go to where I'm unhappy and not work? I need to come into this situation, put my ego aside, fit in, fix some things, tweak some things, work on maybe how quick I go, what shots I'm gonna be, what spots they need on the floor. What does Tim, where does, what does Fiche need me to be? What does Tim Conley expect outta me? What are y'all bringing me here for? And try to tap into that. Instead of trying to go have a contract here, this is not set up for you to do that. This is not the Knicks. You're not gonna get, just get the ball in the post every time they're gonna sit there and watch you do your five dribble. It's not how this gonna work here bro. They got another guy that do does that and he's better than you.


So you know. Well Can I throw another scenario at you two off this scenario? He's a player option next year. Yeah. So everyone's like, well he's gonna be afraid and he's playing for a new contract. We were saying that about DeAngelo Russell last year. Right, right, right. Oh yeah. Well he is gonna be, guess what? Guess who exercised his player option? Deandre Russell. Yep. That 31 million for 2026 might be Randall's best option. And maybe, you know, maybe this is a two year thing, not a one year thing. I think that would really screw them up from a tax salary cap standpoint. But regardless, RIP the 2004 Detroit Pistons reincarnated in Minnesota.


I got, I think that I don't see a scenario where they're as good defensively as they look for a couple stretches there. Yeah. There's another piece of this though is you know, Minnesota where built to beat Denver. Tim Connolly came in, he saw Denver, he had to build this super team to beat them and then they beat them. This is kind of a loss for Denver. Minnesota's like, we actually don't need to beat Denver anymore. We're more worried about OKC and Dallas and maybe Memphis and Denver's worse. And maybe we don't have to have a team that's just specifically built to beat. 'cause they're not the same team anymore. And I, the team they have now is a little better equipped to deal with like an KC type of team and Yeah.


In Dallas, a team that they got their asses kicked. So in a weird way, I feel like this was a loss for Denver, which is a strange thing to say, but I just don't think they're as invincible and I think meant this trade proves it Minnesota's like, yeah, fuck it. We don't need the Yage stoppers anymore. We're fine. Hundred percent. Especially with the talent that, like you said, Denver's lost, KCP, Denver's lost. Even guys like ge, Jeff Green, Bruce Brown, Bruce Brown, a lot of these key assets that they've had, they've kind of let, just Jamer Away is a good player. They've lost, I'm kidding. He's coming back. Yeah. Olympics, the Murray stock. Yeah. Come on. Let Re was reinvesting some Murray stock. The Olympics was, you can see he just kind of showed that. He literally just showed up.


Yeah. Like I had, he hadn't touched the ball, looked like since he, they, they, they got out. It was not the Jamal that I know, but I still got some faith in him. Obviously he had a good season last year. A weird ending. Playoffs is weird, but he is a big time player. But they're not as, like you said, they're not as invincible as they were. They are two. But OKC is the OKC is now the bar. Oh sure. Especially with the Caruso adding And then he's the other guy. They got Hartenstein. Hartenstein. I mean that, that's huge, bro. Huge. And then Jalen Williams, year three. Che year three, or Jalen Williams, year four, I can't remember. But those guys are still early. Next question, why didn't we realize this whole summer that a towns trade was inevitable? Like, I'm kind of mad at myself, and I think I've mentioned it on past podcasts that I felt like we're heading to this point.


I didn't think we're heading to it before the season, but all the ownership bullshit they had, all the tax shit that was coming. The fact that they had NAS on a good contract. I just feel like, I feel like we should have seen this one. The ownership stuff and complete disarray. I just, I, I wish I, I, I felt like he was always headed to the Knicks in my head. 'cause Leanne was his agent. They had the Kentucky thing. But I, I yet, I was completely blindsided last night. I just thought that this would happen in January if the Minnesota season was a little unhappy and the Next, we falling apart without a center. But now I'm like, oh shit. Of course they traded towns. Do you feel that way at all?


Well, you, you see a successful run conference finals run. The immediate thought, I think is they're running it back. You know what I mean? Like this is, they're this close Why that it's a weird series versus Dallas could have even been a matchup thing. Who knows if they would've matched up with someone differently next year? Like they, they could be in the finals. They probably would've played Boston way better than Dallas did. You know what I mean? Sometimes it's just matchup things. Right. So it to that point. You're just like, why wouldn't they run it back? So that's, that was surprising. When I saw Carl and Teddy towns, I did, I felt kinda on both sides of the fence because I felt the other way too. I'm like, they also have been putting his name out. His name has been in talks for a minute since this, since the Go Bear thing came about. His value has gone down so much that everyone knew the guy to be traded was Carl.


And everyone's like, it's just a matter of time. When is gonna happen? Then we see the success and we're like, oh, well they're not getting rid of him. They might write this out. But then you add the contract stuff into it. You add all the other points, NAS read, all these different things you add to it. We shouldn't be surprised. Really? It, it, it, it, it was inevitable that he was gonna get moved For sure On Friday, Friday night as I'm having cocktails. That was a little surprising. Yeah. Yeah. That was Can you, can you walk me through your best case scenario for towns in New York as somebody who's spent time with him and played with him, let's say this goes awesome. Okay. This is like, yep. Cloud in the sky. Holy shit. Almost like when the, when the Celtics traded for Drew and Poor Zingus and then just everything worked out. What's the town's version of that in New York?


Best case scenario is he gives himself to, to, to tips. And I mean that in the sense where he buys in fully on what tips needs him to do defensively. I'm not really worried about Carl offensively. He, he just knows how to put the ball in the basket. Whether it's him shooting over a guys Yeah. And scoring the post. Carl's gonna score the ball. He's gonna average 20 plus points per game because that's what he is done every single year. He is been in the NBA and he is gonna do that next year no matter who, what team he plays on. He's too good of a shooter and too much, too skilled of a player. It's the other stuff that we talked about. And these are the quotes, Specific things. The, the quotes after a game, The quotes after the game, you know, the, the little things. All this other stuff with New York media and with Thibodaux as your coach, can he buy in and give himself to fit into that program?


You got like Josh Hart and you got MHA Bridges and you got Brunson. All these Villanova, like there're a certain type of guy that Thito works well with. Yeah. And they have him over there. Took Carl's not those things. Great guy. But he is just different. That is the concern. Best case scenario is he gives himself the t you know, he's locked in. He's gonna have his, his little quotes and, and funny moments. But it's all within realm of, of positivity and, and nothing that's a distraction. He's shooting the ball at a high clip. 'cause that's what they're bringing him there for. He is stretching the floor. He is shooting the ball high. So he, He starts out like 50% from three. Yeah. In the first six weeks of the season. You remember like the first two weeks, grant Williams and the Mavs, I couldn't miss. And everybody's like, this is the best, this is perfect.


You know what I mean? Yeah. Yeah. That, that is what they need soon From Carl. Too soon. Too soon for the Grant Williams fabric at age. Come On. Age. That age. Very poorly. Come on. Oh, too soon. Yeah. Too, too soon. Hashtag too soon. My bad. Yeah, that's, that's best case scenario. I think he works well with tips. First and foremost. Basketball, watch take care of Himself. So you talk about sacrifice. This is, Yeah. This is KG and Ray going to the Celtics with Pierce and Docile and Ray, like you have five less shots this year. Sorry. And also, let's be honest, man, like, is he the best player? Second best player? I know you say Brunson is, but like I'm telling you, if you're Carl Towns, you're like, well, I, I'm an eight time Allstar man. This guy's a one time, two time Allstar. Like, it's easy to do with ant ant's like this exploding.


Yeah. You can't deny it. You know, he's like a top five, top 10 player in the NBA talent. This, this, this is the guy, right? Yeah. Brunson is, had a career year last year, but Carl might be thinking, I'm the guy here. I don't know, I don't know what's going through his mind. So this is your worst case scenario. I mean, the thing is, this is, it's Brunson city, Brunson's dad is on the coaching staff. Yep. Brunson has these incredible relationships, and I'm sure through the agents, Brunson and towns have probably known each other for a while. I almost wanna bring conspiracy billing, but it's not, we're still workshopping it, but Brunson giving up the money and then the towns con the towns trade happening a month and a half later and all the same agents. I'm like, Hmm. Something. There's definitely a little cent to that one, but I conspiracy Bill, we're not bringing 'em in, Man.


I, I'll just say this. Towns I find just impossibly frustrating as a basketball fan, Really. And yet I do like him. Like I I I really do kind of weirdly root for him. And he's, he's become one of those athletes where you're like, just stay outta your own fucking way, man. Yeah bro, You're Talented. Just don't fuck this up. What? Yeah, that's, he's just turning one of those guys's what I'm, yep. And that's what I'm saying is the best case scenario. Stay out your own way, Carl. Do the little things, work on the defensive stuff. He's gonna do things that's gonna drive tips and people crazy. But if the other stuff over clouds at his performance on the offensive end, if he goes vertical at the rim again, they need him to be a center now. Yeah. The past couple years you haven't had to do the center work.


Rudy's done all that. You get to float around, shoot your threes offense. That is completely different from what you're about to get yourself into. Mitchell Robinson is hurt. God knows when they never know with him. You are the center. Like they need you to rebound and block shots and contest at the rim and be vertical without staying in, without getting in foul trouble. Right. Like, these are some big, big tasks at hand. They have no shot blocking. They need you to do that. And he's notorious for fouling. These are things that mix well. So it's like, that is best case scenario is he's able to figure out that formula where he is able to stay on the floor and be productive without getting in his own way. Like you said, that's the best case scenario. I think he can do it though. I'm, I'm really hopeful. He's such a talented person. Talented player. I, I just wanna wish the best and be positive.


Your bill. Okay. I knew I'm positive. I do too. But as a Celtic fan, I'm like this as we might be better off with. Yeah, You don't want it to work. Yeah, Well it can work until they get to whatever round place Celtics About. How about your summer? You guys just don't do anything. Just don't even have to. How about what the of a what the luxury of a Celtics fan right now. No need to go in the market. Just run the hole and somehow they're coming back pissed off. Continuity with a chip on our shoulders. Somehow. Somehow both of your best players are pissed off. I mean, it's best case scenario for you. Well, you know, they did and Missoula has been apparently in a good way, a maniac about no mention of the championship. I don't wanna see hats. I don't wanna see t-shirts.


We're not, we're not, we're not gonna do like the Yeah, yeah. We won. Like, we're moving forward. That season happened. It's over, which I think is how you have to do it. Like, let's go. He's perfect. Let's fuck it. He's perfect for, yeah, he's, he's, you know, does, he wants to go back to back and the team's pissed off and they're in a pretty good spot. Here's my last question. So the Knicks, who we all liked, who we barely had all together and it was like, this is really fun. I'm really enjoying this. And now that gets blown up. Philly's changed. You know, the Lakers seemed to change every couple years. They didn't really matter anymore. The Warriors are different. Minnesota was in the conference finals, they just changed that. Denver couldn't keep their team together.


It's just, teams are just different every year. Now the NBA has become 2K, which is not a new point. Yep. Do we like this? Do we like the fact that, just like you mentioned how oh my God, Boston didn't do anything. It's like, why do we have to do anything? Yeah. Why does it have to be a situation where, you know, it's, it's just the season ends and you press the 2K reset button and Oh, I have new rosters this year. How did we end up with a league like this? Man, that's a great question, man. Good God. Where do I start? I dunno how much time we have. Is it the, that the fact that the contracts aren't long aren't that long anymore? Or just, well, The whole, the whole NBA as a whole shifted, you know, I talked about this briefly on my pod.


Yeah. Where, You know, the type of players that are playing in the NBAI talked about the concern I have for the longevity in terms of where the game will be at, what the up rise of foreign basketball. I mean, how they're pushing guys out, the type of contracts, who's getting paid. What, it's just a funny league man. The AAU culture that you start with to begin with, the au culture and the d of my team didn't win. I'm now gonna jump teams. I'm go, I'm and now, and now with the NIL and the transfer portal, these kids don't have to stay loyal to nobody, bro. I went to practice, coach K used to make me cry because he was talking to me so crazy. But you have to figure shit out, man. You have to like break your spirit down.


You have to show like humility. You have to get through stuff that's like part of like going to college and like playing for these teams. Right? But if you go now and get yelled at the wrong way, they got a kid making $2 million, man, he is gonna look at you and be like, bye. Like I'm, I don't even have to play here. It's just, it's different and it's way different than how they do it over there. The style of play we're playing it, it's just, I think it all connects. And I think that there's a copycat league, A lot of people try to copy somebody who's doing something really good 'cause they're really good at it and think they could do the same thing. And it ends up with bad Products. It's, yeah. Yeah. It's like, and everyone two's trying to two shooting stretch five and it's Like, bro, so now they're pushing out other good players for like these type of guys, but that doesn't mean these type of guys can play. Everyone tried to do what Sam Presty does and like rebuild and restart.


Now we have just a bunch of bad teams who are still bad. It's like not everybody's gonna be able to do what Sam, not everybody's Sam Presty or Tim Conley. So it's like, we are in a weird state of the league right now. I don't understand what I'm looking at. I don't even have to, I'm watching, I'm a journalist man. I, I study, I'm a basketball junkie. I'm, I'm playing pickup this summer with all these guys. I'm just playing for fun. I'm already in the media stuff now. I'm, that's where I'm headed. I'm done playing for the Yeah. Most part. And I'm just out here just hooping for fun and I'm playing against some of these guys. I'm just like, good god. I was like, this is, who the hell is this dude? You know? I mean, like, it's just a different league, man. I don't know who at these, so I don't know to answer that question. I don't know how it happened. I don't know when it happened. I think it's been over the past 10, 12 years, the league has drastically changed drastically.


Who's in running teams now? You know what type of hires? It's, it's, and then I'm not saying I'm against it. I'm just saying we are where we are and I think, I don't know how, I think we Turn into the no patience basketball association. We're the NPBA. Oh my God. Look, the Coaches. And so you look at a team like Miami that hasn't really done anything, and you don't really have to do everything in August. You don't have to do everything in September. You don't have to do everything in October. you can wait till you can watch a couple months and see it. But really nobody does that. And when they don't do it, you're like, loser of the summer, Miami, they didn't do anything. The Celtics, how are they? You know? And so it's this mindset of like, you had to have done something for something to have happened.


But I, I just think the Knicks like going on the one hand, you could say, well, they're putting together all these assets. The Brunson thing worked out and they went, gotten into this situation now where they have, I have towns as a top 35 player. I have Bridges and Nano as like top 55 players. So those are three guys they didn't have two years ago. So this worked, the plan worked, but I also really liked watching that Knicks team last year. And there was ways to, there was ways to add to it without going Pac committed on this thing full, they're PAC committed. You know what I mean? Hundred percent. They went full send there was there, I mean they, they decided to go, we all kinda liked what they were cooking and the spirit at which they played it in the Knicks were a team that if you weren't from there, people like just didn't wanna even cheer for the Knicks.


Yeah. That wasn't the case. You had people like, wanted this team to win, you know what I mean? Yeah. Because they had like, guys who played that basketball and besides like all that stuff, they were good and you had enough assets. They were like, yo, they're only like, especially with Randall still being there. You don't have to do this now. Your team's gonna be really good. Let's put him out there and like find some stuff, see what works, see what we need. And then like, we got Randall here to move if we need to. They just do it right now a week before training camp. And now this is where they're at. There's no backtracking outta this. You know what I mean? Especially with Carl's contract. This is it. This is the, this is the future here. So you just, now You, it reminds me a little of when the Lakers did that Westbrook trade and I was against it and I went on my pod and I was like, this is, there's no going back now.


This doesn't work. All of your doors are closed, right? Yep. And what happened? It didn't work. All the doors are closed. I don't think the towns thing has a chance to be as bad as Westbrook on the Lakers, but No, no. If it doesn't work that well, there's not a lot of options for this. There's not a lot of next moves. It helps when you can shoot at the end of the day. Right. The one thing we know we're gonna get outta Carl's, that dude is gonna be out there firing threes and knocking him down. He's just going to be doing it. He's just too talented. It's just gonna happen. It's the other stuff that we talked about that we gotta hope in this type of magnifying glass, which he's gonna be under now. Yeah. Which he's not used to. And just think every time we have done it, we've, we've found stuff and laugh. You know? Now this is Carl, you gotta move differently now.


Right. You know this, you can't just get to the podium and start saying this thing. This is what movies are made of. Again, we find it funny. We love it. I love him. He is a great dude. But the New York people, they'll tear that shit up. You know what I mean? Like, it's, it's brutal there. Talk to Julius, talk to Melo. Talk to any of the top guys that have been there. Why do they like Brunson? He don't talk. He, he goes out there, he puts in work and he shuts up. He don't say nothing. The only time he talks on his pod. Right. And even then he's, he, he Doesn't say anything except for his podcast. Yeah. And even, but everyone has a podcast. Podcast now. Yeah. Yeah. Now everyone has one. Even when he is on there, he is still very 50 50. But now, you know what I mean? Yeah. He's, he jaylen's very Jalen. So it's like that is, you know, it'll be Interesting. By the way, we need, we need to get Carl Anthony Towns on on your podcast.


I did. I did one with him. No, I'm saying like, new Nick, New York Knicks. That would be, that would be fantastic. Pounds. A a a rerun would be great because come on, The Ringer. I'm sure now he has a whole different, whole different perspective of stuff. Well, I bet, I bet he's, I bet he's upset and I bet, I bet they're working on him really hard being like we, we, you know, Leon and Wes and those guys, we really want you. We really want you. This is gonna be great. The Jalen sending him texts, but I'm sure like, you know, I, I really did think he embraced the Minnesota thing and wanted to be there. Absolutely. He Was there for nine, Asking for assurances over and over again. They weren't gonna trade him, so I'm sure he is a little wounded by it. All right. We hit everything on a Saturday. On a Saturday too.


Commitment. Unbelievable. But this is the thing we had a lot to say about this trade. Austin Rivers, great to see you. Listen to his podcast Off guard and you're doing a, a great job. Good to see you. Appreciate You as always. Y'all be easy. All right. Thanks to Rivers. Thanks Kyle. Creighton, thanks to Steve Saru, thanks to Ga how as well. And we will be coming back to you pretty shortly. Sunday night with Sal. Don't forget that's live. I'm the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. You also been able to find this podcast on the YouTube channel as well. I'll see you in about 24 hours.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text Hope NY in New York.