
Coming up Cousin. Sal and I are gonna recap week three and do Guest Alliance for week four and make a lot of jokes. It's all next.


It's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel Football. Finally back you can dive into all the action with FanDuel. They have the best betting app. They have the most bets, they have parlays, they have same game parlays, they have boosts. I'm gonna be doing boosts every single week during the NFL season. And you can trail those. I love FanDuel. The app is safe, secure, and easy to use. And when you win, you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this NFL season. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode. For additional details must be 21 plus President select States's Game Pro. Call winning hundred gambler. Visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by the HBO original Limited series. The Penguin on Max the city will be his starring Academy Award nominee Colin Farrell as Oz Cob. A k the Penguin. The eight episode HBO original limited series continues the epic crime saga that began with the global blockbuster, the Batman. Don't miss the show. Everyone will be talking about The Penguin Now streaming with new episodes Sunday at 9:00 PM on Max.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. We launched a new ringer, WNBA show hosted by Sir Sohi. It has its own feed if you're following the WNBA playoffs, which started on Sunday. Nothing major happened yet. I think the week the game twos will be a lot more fun. But listen to that podcast, it's really good. I'm really proud of it. And that is up. So subscribe. The re watchable. We have a new episode coming on Monday night. It may or may not be a, a movie that involves Sylvester Stallone. I'm not gonna tell you which one, but that will be going up on Monday night and I had a great time. That's all I'm gonna tell you about the recording. you can watch it eventually on The Ringer movies YouTube channel as well.


We also have YouTube channel for this podcast. It is the Bill Simmons YouTube channel where a little bit later you'll hear Cousin. Sal and I we went live. We go live every Sunday night and you can watch us do the podcast that you're about to hear. Last but not least, Mr. McMahon is coming on Netflix on September 25th. So it'll actually be available, I think midnight, late Tuesday night. Six parts. Really proud of it. Sal and I gonna talk a little bit later, so give a heads up on that. Start out the middle of your week. Let's bring in Pearl Jam. Let's bring in Cousin Sal. Let's go.


We are Live on YouTube. Cousin Sal is here. Sunday night, just watched the Falcons lose by five to the Chiefs. I have good news though, Sal, what is it? I don't know if you know this, but The Bill Simmons Podcast has a ring of honor and tonight's a very special night because I have inducted myself into the Ring of Honor. Is it positive or negative? What kind of ring? No, it's a positive ring of honor. And, and the inducted night is me Bill Simmons of the Bill Simmons pod. Did you see Arthur Blank halftime? I guess I'm guessing you say this. Oh, I'm sorry. Oh, is that what he said? He inducted himself Arthur Blank at halftime. It was the ceremony he made the Falcons Ring of Honor. It was like, tonight we're honoring Arthur Blank, the owner.


How does he decide to do this? And then the broadcast just glossed over it. He put himself, these guys up in the Ring of Honor who does this? They're kind of egomaniacs some of these guys. I don't know. I think they figured if I'm not gonna get a Super Bowl, I have to at least get in our own Ring of Honor. Right. The, he is like, I'll never forget the day I went down on the sidelines when we were up late in the fourth quarter of the Super Bowl and it didn't happen. That was quite a game. I don't know what to make of the officiating with the chiefs. Although they started throwing some flags in the last drive. Yeah, the game management with the Falcons. They had third and short on the last drive there inside the 30. Just a terrible predictable run up. The middle gets stuffed fourth down the pitch to the left.


That seems to never work. And all of a sudden the Chiefs win. That was a recurring theme today that nobody could convert on shorty yard before. Awful. What, what's happened to the N-F-L-I-I, I don't know. I have a lot of problems and I feel so bad about this. 'cause we'd, I love that I was waiting all summer and I was so excited about the NFL and it's just not ready for us. Like we're ready for it and it's not ready for us. It's like planning like a, a two day Vegas trip with your buddies and then it's like cut in half because the plane has mechanical issues and then the weather's delayed. You can't catch another flight. So yeah, the weeks, you know, six through 17 will be fine, but for now, between the go, first of all, no explosive play. Okay, I'll take no explosive plays, but if someone can convert on fourth and one, like there was an epidemic.


I I felt like there was 14 plays today. It was like fourth and one fourth and two fourth and three. And they weren't even close. Like even the tush push, the fake tush push didn't work even though they won. But yeah. But somehow, I don't know, somehow everybody could make a 60 yard field goal, but nobody could make fourth and and six inches. Right? Impossible. Yeah, you're much better off just going backwards 25 yards and attempting a 60 yarder coaching so bad too. I don't know. I, I don't wanna wanna be negative. We haven't even gotten to my, my awful team yet. But I mean, you know, those early games, would it be bad if we just skip the early games? There's like 10 teams that have seven points at halftime. I don't need like 40 to 38, but just inep ineptitude all round.


The way you laid out what you were laying out there made me think of. When you go to a restaurant and it's friends and family night and it where it's like, but before the restaurant's open Yeah, they have like that week where it's like, Hey, can you come in? We're trying some stuff out. We wanna see if the wait staff works and you go and there's a lot of mistakes and they're apologizing all the time, but the food's pretty good and you're like, oh, I can see the potential of this place. Yeah, once they work out the kinks, it'll be great. Yeah, that's basically the first three weeks in the NF NFL season. It's like, oh, I think you're right. It'll be cool when they can start completing long passes to the receivers and Right. Not fucking up late. I mean, the Eagles won a game today where their coach was a crime against coaching and still somehow won the Falcons lost a game where their coaching staff was just as bad.


The Bears coach was somehow the worst coach of the day. Ugh. I, which I don't even know how how that happens, but I guess let's start with Chiefs Falcons really quick. So this is the, this is why we took over on the Chiefs, what was it? 11 and a half wins. Yeah. Because they just win the, this is the third straight game. They, they could literally be own three with a couple plays and they're three and oh and this is what they do. And we're just used to it at this point. But this does not feel like a three and oh team. Right? No, but, but I am so glad the Falcons got another shot at it after that. First of all, I, I have friends in our, you know, hench and there's some others who just, just are waiting for the referees to screw up and it's bad.


And I still think everything should be reviewed. Like that past interference on Pitts, he got grabby, he didn't turn around. It should have been passed interference. Then again, it was a bad pass. If not for the pass interference, that's intercepted or they go out on down. So anyway. Okay, good. They get the ball back and then they don't do anything. And they're, they're helped, like you said, by the officials, but yeah, I, I, that's it, man. You're, you're right. Like it's gonna come down to it and they're gonna pull out the close ones and that's that. But they're not a complete team. Like, I don't know if that, there's one complete team. That's why I kind of have hope with my team and you should even with yours because there's not one complete team at the top. Like the Vikings like, fast forward to the part where the Vikings aren't the most complete team in the league.


That's when I want to join it. The Vikings. It's crazy. They're, I had the, well, let's talk quickly on the Chiefs. The, the rash rice fantasy rope dope. Before the year, what did he go for? It was like 10 bucks. Yeah. Like, I don't know, 12, 13 Garrett Wilson's going for 44. Drake, London's going for the thirties. Everyone's afraid to take EE rice because nobody can tell if, if he's gonna be, you know, suspended for the season, if there's some possible suspended goodell sentence out of nowhere. Right. And yet he's the go-to guy in this offense that he is just gonna kick ass the entire time. So that was frustrating.


Carson Steel, who was who we thought he was, he going down on the first or second? His sister got married today. Did you hear this part? Yeah. Today Laval, she didn't have to though, right? Well they, they were like, he's a groomsman of the wedding, but he obviously can't come, but they're having a big party for we, they had the game on and they, they made these arrangements a year earlier and it was the day, right. The only day they could get at the venue they wanted. I'm thinking that nobody brought up this guy might be in the NFL and might not be able to come this, this guy's in the Chiefs. Well, maybe they didn't get married on a Sunday.


Even worse. Maybe they did bring it up and Carson himself is like, Hey sis, you know, there's a chance I'm, you know, I'm wearing chief's jersey on Sunday. And, and then, then they point and laugh. Right. Just make sure you cut your hair for the wedding. There's just no way. Be there on time. Yeah. Okay, here's my next question. Do you believe in the Steelers and the Vikings yet? I believe they maybe are playoff teams. No, I don't even believe, I don't even know if I believe that. I can't believe in it. I still believe, okay, here's what I believe in. Okay. I believe there's gonna be a time when quarterback position matters. I believe we're gonna get there and I think it's gonna be this year, year.


So this season, the quarterback position's gonna matter at some point? I think so. In a positive way. Like good ones that we, we know of. And, and, and ones that, you know, can throw downfield are gonna thrive. And that's gonna, that's gonna translate into wins even 10 or more. So I can't say I believe just yet. Let's take the Steelers first. Okay. True or false? Their defense is better than anyone else's. Anything. Yeah. Anyone else's. Anything. Their defense better than anyone else's defense or offense just taking that unit. Is that the best unit anybody has right now? Sure. Yeah. We're not counting cowboys kicking game. Yes, that's fine.


It's the best. I I have some stuff for him later. Okay. Alright. They've given up 16 points total in three games. The Steelers, they had to go three and oh in this stretch and they did. Yep. Fields has 20 Incompletions. He's 55 for 75 with only one turnover. So they're not constantly going three and out or turning the ball. So the defense is on the field the right amount of time and they're kicking the shit out of people. They kick the shit outta cousins week one today against Herbert. And I thought Herbert was really good in the, in the time he was in the stats aren't gonna show it, but yeah, they were in his face the whole time. He was making big throws.


He was stepping up. I thought he was awesome. And then finally he got sacked by three times, three guys at once and he was done and he was out. But I am a full believer in the steel war. I've been betting on them every week. They're three and oh, they have next few weeks at Indy Home, Dallas at Vegas, home Jets, home Giants. Bye week. They have a real chance now to go 7 0 1. And you look around in the A FC and you look in their division and I, I kind of feel like they're the safest bet with the way Fields is playing. Do you believe in fields at all at this point? What does that mean? Do I believe they'll make the playoffs? They can make a long playoff run. Do I can I think they could win the division do I believe? Yeah, I think they could win this division because it's so lobster when we pick the one through four.


Like, I didn't wanna touch this one. I, I whiffed anyway. I had the Browns. Forget it, I was wrong. Stupid, whatever. But you know, the Ravens could be in last place too, if not for a couple plays. So Yes, the Steelers. But yeah, I, I believe that that defense is tops, there's no reason to think it's gonna change if they don't, you know, if they stay healthy. But I also believe there's gonna be games that they're gonna have to score 20 more than 20 points. Oh know, maybe not, maybe not in the way the season's being played, I guess. I guess maybe 20 points is enough. The Lions have 66 points. Yeah, right. The chiefs have been, chiefs got the 22 tonight. I really like how they look. I thought they got their run game going a little bit today and you know, I what they did to Atlanta in week one, which we kind of came away from that game going, man, cousins doesn't look ready, he can't move.


And then Cousins has, I think looked a lot better in the last two games. So maybe they could credit for that. Yeah. you can say Bo Nicks was a, a break, even though Bo Nicks looked a lot better today, but you could say he wasn't ready, you know? Yeah. That wasn't a game that they were gonna win, but Yeah. Now it's cousins, now it's Herbert and they, he, they put 'em both down the Vikings. So here's the case for the Vikings, their defense. Yeah. Teams are nine for nine outta 34 on third down against them. So it's like 26%. They've gotten six turnovers. Donald has been really good on the other end. He's got eight touchdowns, two picks.


Aaron Jones has been a step up from, from the running backs they have. And they're like legitimately winning these games. They're a really well coached team. You watch them and you're just like, oh, we watch so much bad coaching. Yeah. You know, on all these different TVs. And they're one of the co one of the teams that the sidelines locked in. The coaches seem like they have a game plan, they're attacking things a certain way. And you know, they had, they beat San Francisco and Houston back to back. I, I had those two in the top four heading into the season. So I I I think it's real. I didn't wanna fully believe it until today. I liked them today. I didn't love them, but I put them in a tease. But they absolutely throttled Houston.


I mean that was what an, an absolute as kicking. you can take this game off the TV within an hour to go kind of performance. No doubt about it. They're, like I said, they're the only complete team I see so far. Right. Like they moved the ball. You may not like Sam Donald. You know what else you may not like about Sam Donald? He's younger than Joe Burrow. He's younger than Joe Burrow. Like, like age. if you were to ask their parents like, when was this one born and when was this one born? Was born after borough. Hmm. And the miraculous thing is like they, they had the worst off season out of anybody. They had TD Yeah. Two DUIs, one player, you know, one co, one coach, assistant coach, you know, Addison was one of 'em.


Addison gets hurt the third round pick dies the first round picked quarterback tears his meniscus. Like Yeah. He would've been like, oh boy, this is, you know. Oh, sorry. Sorry coach. But yeah, you're right. This coach is great. And to your point, like the Steelers may have the, the best coach too, like the top two or three coaches. I think there's like four, four or five that have emerged as great and then about 10 that are just like, they could be sent there walking papers any day. It's fun that the Vikings and Steelers are good too. Like some of the teams that are good this year, I'm like, oh, I'm happy for the, it's a lot of, I'm happy for those guys teams. Sure. The Vikings definitely are one of those where it felt like, especially once they lost a lot of their draft from April, you know, they have a top 10 pick and the, the guy doesn't even get to play in a regular season game.


That's usually a terrible sign for where you're going. I was just looking at their, the one thing is their schedule, I guess it doesn't matter because I weren't really supposed to be, they weren't supposed to be the Niners or the Texans either. But at Packers it's a fun one. Jets who are tough now Lions at the Rams, COLS at Jaguars, you know, and then it gets a little, then it get like two or three easy. But you know, if they're four and three after seven weeks, maybe we're not singing as many songs about them. I've decided to take myself out of the ring of honor for not having enough battery in my computer today and for Okay. Having my mirror image the wrong way. I need to reevaluate. Maybe next week I'll put myself back. Alright. There's a space in The Ringer of honor.


All right, good. What did people say to Arthur behind the scenes? Like, congratulations man, you deserve it. Think you did it for yourself. You must have been nervous when you got that call. Oh no, wait, no. You're the one who said Yeah, you pushed it. Yeah. Can, can we do this? Can he just give himself an Emmy? I've decided to give myself the Emmy for Best Late Night show. Imy Kim will live whole time here. It's, thank you. Thank you. I've won. That's good. Just take someone else's Emmy. Yeah. Oh, I had this for you. Actually I have a laugh for you. Let's take a break for the podcast and then we'll come back.


Coming off another great NFL weekend, FanDuel has given you another chance to start this season with a big return on America's number one sports book. You'll get started with $200 of bonus bets guaranteed when you place your first $5 bet on tonight's game. For instance, Jags Bills, you can do the bill, the Jags plus five and a half, Trevor Lawrence to throw over 200 yards and Brian Thomas Jr. Anytime touchdown. And that's like plus five 50 range. I think all three of those things might happen. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to make every moment more this season. FanDuel is an official sports book partner, the nfl. You must be 21 plus and President Select states or 18 present in wage receipt restrictions. Apply seat terms at sportsbook FanDuel dot com. Call 100 gambler or visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by TikTok. It has never been harder to parent your kids. You have less idea than ever what they're doing on their phones, on their computers, wherever it is. As teens start exploring online, it's natural that parents wanna make sure what they're seeing on TikTok is safe. So it's great that tiktoks family pairing feature lets parents link their TikTok account to their teens, helping ensure the content they're seeing is safe. This is a great ad. As a parent, you can restrict access to search, you can enable restricted mode to limit content that may not be age appropriate. And you can choose words or hashtags to filter from your teens feeds. Learn more at tiktok.com/guardians guide.


All right, we are back on YouTube and end the podcast as well. It's been rocky here on YouTube, but I'm having a good time somehow. I had, I made some homemade s'mores. Do you ever make homemade s'mores, lazy smores? Well, look at me. I call the raw dog s'mores. You just, no questions that. Take a marshmallow, get the Hershey's thing underneath. Put it on Graham cracker. It's not warm. You don't microwave and just kind of eat it like it's a, like a gross cracker. Yeah, that's what I had. So I'm You got an an air fryer. Air fryer will help it along. It's a little more conventional, but air fryers are pretty good. Do have an air fryer seconds. My wife makes chicken in the air. Fryers. Yeah, everything Throw everything took air. Every one of the kids in there. Yeah. Are they allowed to have them in college? 'cause it seems like it would be a great thing in college. Oh, I don't know.


No crockpots. I just like a health, health hazard. Yeah. Alright, new topic. Which 2023 playoff team is in the most trouble? I'll give you six choices. They're all one and two. The Miami Dolphins, the Dallas Cowboys, the Cleveland Browns, the San Francisco 49 ERs, the LA Rams or the Baltimore Ravens. Who do you have? Okay. I think, and I think you'll agree the dolphins are in a class by themselves because out of these six teams, they don't, they don't have the quarterback that they had in 2023 playoffs. Yeah. Not that that guy was good in the 2023 playoffs, but Tua is a upgrade from Skylar Thompson who the announcer today is.


The first two drives were call was calling him Skylar Murray. And now he's out. And so I don't even know who the Did that really happen? Yeah, he called him Skylar Murray. I was like, oh, that's like Kyle and Murray if he, he talked, okay. Skylar Murray. And I think he was correcting Skyler Murray finally. That's something at the character in the new Netflix series. It's gonna be my Halloween costume. Have you seen Skylar Murray yet? It's great. That's right. He's in the pen one, right? Yeah. Yeah. So he is out and yeah. So they're, they're in a world of hurt. Right. And what are we guessing? We're guessing to a plays again by his own volition Week, week eight or something. Alright. Yeah. So I think they'll be done by that.


So I think they're in a class by themselves in the most trouble. I can rank the rest. if you wanna comment on Miami first, let's take them first and then we'll hit the rest. Yeah, I completely agree. I had them in a class by themselves as well. I said I I replaced you on The Ringer Sunday. Pregame today on YouTube tv. Yes. And you know, 'cause we like to protect your pitch count. You were a little game in week one. I I thought you were worn out. You were tired. We're throwing you out in the mound. I wanted to make sure you're, I'm just trying to make the ring of autumn. I know Elijah just put me in the ring of t I'm just trying to do my best. But I said to jj, 'cause you know Raheem, nobody loves the alt win totals more than Ring. Right. That's, he feels like those are the best. The dolphins were plus 1 98 to go seven and 10 or worse.


And they were like plus three 50 to go six and 11 or worse. And I was like, this was last week. Last week? No, this was today. Oh, today. Yeah. And I was saying to those guys I, 'cause there was this weird Skyler Thompson, remember the Buffalo game? And actually if you go back and you look at the stats and how the Buffalo game actually went in the playoffs, he wasn't good. Wasn't his doing. Yeah. Right. And Josh Allen had a fumble touchdown. He threw two other picks in, in, in his own territory. So Miami had a really good field position. He wasn't good. Skyler Thompson. And I was just like, there's a chance he's really bad and this Miami season's over. And we were kind of stunned that the odds were two to one for them to go seven 10. Now I bet those odds are close to even because I don't see a path and poor Tariq.


Yeah. Hey, talk about wasted. You put him on that team, what are you gonna do? You're just gonna throw bubble screens to him. It's not like that. They have no quarterback that can even get it near him. I was look thinking to the same thing and I said the whole poor Tyreek thing. I'm like, no, he's got, he is done with his. And then I looked up his stats. I'm like, oh, he is a leading receiver on the team right now. Four for 38. That's that's it's gonna be Yeah. He was Wow. At the time. At the time. So I don't know if he But that's, that's nothing, that's not using him to his best capabilities I don't think. Well they have not scored a touchdown since Tua went down. I have them first. I had for the second.


So when I, when I sent you that list, we kind of forgot about these guys. Cleveland has to be second on this list with, with their offensive line. I agree. I think they lost three guys today. Watson is probably the most disliked Cleveland athlete in a long time. He somehow, his stats looked way better than the performance that I saw on my television. I don't really see a path for them. We argued about this before the season. 'cause you liked them for the playoffs and it was, you're buying in on Deshaun now. You didn't know that this was gonna happen to their offensive line. Their offensive line's completely fallen apart. No, you don't have to make excuses. For me it was a bad pick. But I, I would say this.


I I still think they could, I don't understand the reservation behind not putting Jamison right now. He's clearly, he or anyone is a better choice. And I guess I do, I would understand putting yourself in the ring of Honor as an owner before I would like just choking on this contract. And I get that you can't cut him because then it's dead cap money. And those are all, that's all. But, but Dehaun Watson, he got injured. He wasn't the story last year. They went through five quarterbacks and it wasn't as glaring of, of a fuckup as it was this year. Now. Yeah, because he is actually playing and bad. Like if you could make the playoffs with five quarterbacks, Joe Flacco being the best of them, why can't you try Jamis?


I don't, I don't, I don't get it. So I do think that if they made that switch now they could, they could turn it around maybe a little that said, you're right, there are five guys getting MRIs tomorrow, so maybe Maybe it's not gonna work. Yeah. Yeah. It would seem like it would make the most sense just to bench him and say, Hey, yeah, we just wanna sit him down, get his head straight. We're gonna try Jamis, we're gonna try whoever. And but it, I I don't know if the owner is basically telling them he's starting, he must be, you know, we mortgaged everything. You've gotta make this work. You've gotta keep throwing him out there. He'll get his confidence back. This guy was great four years ago. They lost to the Giants today. And not only did they lose to the Giants, they had 217 total yards today.


They scored first the game was seven. Nothing right away. 'cause they fumbled on the kickoff. The Browns got it. They scored right away. And then I think for the, the next 30 plays they ran, they got 25 yards. They showed a graphic. They said since first drive 30 plays for 25 yards, they got stuffed on fourth down twice. I was looking at their scores for the year. They have not cracked 19 yet. So 17 points, 18 points, 15 points. They're basically playing blackjack. Yeah, it's like 17 stay. Right, right, right. Yeah. 18 stay 15. Oh, you have a six stay. They're the Blackjack Browns. They can't get to 20 and their defense isn't as good as the Steelers to, you know, justify that.


Right. So they're not gonna be two and one or three and oh with that Miles garrow with the hurt foot and everything. But just specifically you could look at box scores. But if you watch Jam, did you watch that game? He, I mean maybe a dozen bad throws like Joe. Oh yeah. Bad, bad throws. Yeah. Between receivers, you know, you know, two bounces, the thrown out bounds really, really bad. Which I don't know what more you need to see if you wanna win. Might've had the saddest receivers other than the Miami receivers right. Today. Yeah. So I, I don't see a path for them. I don't know if I'd cross them off, but when you're getting basically annihilated by the Giants. 'cause the Giants weren't in control of that whole game and it, I I actually think the score was a little closer than, than where it ended up.


Okay. So we have Cleveland second. The third spot is between the Cowboys and the Rams. So I guess this is a good spot to talk about your team. I have the same thing. I have the same order here. Yeah. I came on here, I was gonna be like, I'm not worried. Look, I'm gonna put on a brave face. I'm not. I'm gonna tell Simmons I'm not worried, but I, I have four days more of not being terrified because if they lose to the Giants on Thursday night, like that is a must win. That's Emmett Smith, 1994 January that they have to have that. Otherwise start from now. Dax says get off if there's, you know, if you wanna get off, get off the train, get off.


Now did you hear him say that after the game? Who, who did he say that to? To the fans? He was just like, just in general. He is like, get off. You know, he's not putting anyone in the ring of honor. So Jesus. But yeah, it's gross. Get off the train. Like, like what is he mad at the fans for? You're the one who's down 28 to six. No, I could do better. He's right. I could do better. But yeah, I, I don't know what it is. you can blame the defense and that's, I I feel like Dak gets a pass on some of these games where the, where the offense comes out on the other team and just scores a bunch. Yeah. You know, like the Saints did to us and how Baltimore did today. And everyone's like, oh, fires Zimmer. Like he, oh he's nuts. He get him out of there. He is not ready. He, he, you know, his style doesn't, isn't cohesive with this one.


But when like Nelson Aguilar is torching us and I thought he retired in 2017. It's just bad. Just not beating everybody. They're just playing harder. Every other team. Well the thing I noticed watching today was we should have had Dak for most passing yards, I think was one of the, one of my biggest future regrets before the season playing from behind. Because you can't run the ball. He, they're gonna be playing from behind a few more times. But in general, if you're gonna move the ball, it's gonna be because he's throwing it, even if it doesn't necessarily have the targets. But it, I just feel like, like if you had to say now who's gonna throw for the most yards in the league? I would say Dak. Right. Wouldn't you? Who would you, who would, yeah, who would be the competitor to, to him? Yeah. I mean he he did it last year, right?


Yeah. Or was it He was second. No, he was second. They had the most points. My but he was second year this year was that they didn't have receivers other than lamb. But they're just not gonna be able to run. They didn't have running backs. And boy, were you wrong about that? What was that? No, no. Can I say something about CD Lamb? I love him and he is the best thing to happen to his team in years. I wish he was a little fiery. I wish he was like a little more of an asshole. Like, I'm used to that with Dez and you know, to, to a point, like, I feel like Maybe you could get the, the team rally behind them like a defensive player like Parsons does that. But you can only do it so much I think on defense. Plus he was getting dragged around by like Henry the whole game. That wasn't cool.


But yeah, just so you wanna send like diva camp? Yeah. Just someone other than the, the owner needs to be an asshole, I think. Well that's anyone could, he's he's taken a lot of asshole. He's talking a lot of asshole territory. It's true. He is Maybe d is Jerry in the ring of honor? He must be right? I don't think so, actually. I mean he should if wait till he finds out about this. I dunno, Arthur, Arthur Blank's married, but can you imagine he comes home, he's like, honey, I've got some good news. I'm getting inducted in the r of honor. And she's like, oh, you got voted in. She said, no, I'm Max Ab I just decided I'm gonna be in the ring of honor.


It's week three. Jerry is not Wear your best hat. There's gonna be a ceremony at halftime. Yeah. Jerry's not in as far as I could tell here. So I, I texted you and I think you got mad in Dax defense. They did say this would be like a playoff game. No, no. I, I hadn't heard the tone. You didn't like that you responded, had heard the tell. I had heard you retaliated with some Brady stuff. Dallas's defense. Here's the most alarming stat for me. Dallas's defense the last two weeks. Yeah. How many incompletions do you think they've forced from the other quarterback? Oh wow. I didn't see this last two weeks in completions from the other team. I think, I think Jackson was 12 or 15.


3, 7, 8. Yeah, eight. Yeah. That's a bad stat. No good. Because when teams are running on you and every time they throw the ball, it's complete not great. That's tough. So you have tough defensively. Yeah, you have the Giants on Thursday and then you're at Pittsburgh in two weeks, which I think will be a, a possible disaster at Pittsburgh because Pittsburgh's like, oh, you're one dimensional and boom. And that's what they did. The chargers today. They're like, you, we don't think you can throw the ball. We're we're taking out the run. That's it. Dobbins who was headed to the Hall of Fame after two games, they took him out. There's an interesting Lamar stat, although Lamar had another classic threw a great seven innings and then they were holding on for dear life in the fourth quarter.


Quarter. Yeah. They still can't close games, right? No, they cannot. Did you see he's 21 and one against the NFC. NFC? Yeah. So 21 going today. What the bizarre stat that is what, what, what is the explanation for that? 21 and one? I don't know what the explanation is, but it tells me maybe he should have signed with the Falcons. Like everybody else said, oh my God, he probably should just roll through. Well, so we said Dallas, so you're properly concerned. And then the Rams would be the other choice for that spot. And the Rams had just an incredible, incredible comeback win against the Niners because they were down 14. Nothing they had, didn't seem any receiving possibilities.


Not a tutu. Atwell and just guy. You're like, oh, DeMarcus Robinson. How? And then they call fake punt and it works. It flips the game. And Stafford and McVay were just incredible in that game. I try not to do too much hyperbole on the Sunday nights because we both went to hyperbole rehab. Yes you did. But I thought Stafford was so good in the last like hour and a half of that game. Just like every play he had to make, he made, he scrambled around, he took a ton of big hits in the first half and then they just, they just were like, we're taking the game. We're stealing this from you guys. We have no business winning this, but we're stealing this from you guys.


And they stole it. They got a big kickoff to set up the game winning field goal. It was just a great win. It really, I had no dog in the race. I didn't bet on it. I didn't really care who won. I was just really into it. It was enjoyable. And you're right, it's like they're doing more and more with less. I mean, Jordan Whittington, let's get, let's, let's learn Jordan Winton's name. And I think we were texting like Stafford's not gonna make it to the finish line here, this game. Oh no. Right. It seemed like he was gonna be limping off at like maybe at five o'clock Eastern time. One more drive. You might've thought to like to take him out even like this is, this is a mess. And to his credit, like Purdy was excellent. He's 22 for 32. 2 92. And he had some runs, some nifty runs.


Like really like oh boy. I haven't seen a lot of guys pull that off and diving forward for the first down. So I'm still not sure how it happened. He kinda looked like Doug Flutie a couple times. Yeah, yeah. He was zooming around like buying times, scrambling, doing the U-turn, you know, running this way and then zooming the other way. I thought he was good. It wasn't his fault they lost. But that's, it's a tale of like one team and one coach McVay, like who could do a lot, even with a ton of injuries. And then the 49 ERs where it was glaring, like Jwan Jennings had a career day because he was on your bench in fantasy, which is hilarious. He was, I picked him up for two bucks, started Rashid Shahid over him who had zero points and Jennings had like 29. Right.


I hate fantasy so much. Oh my God. God had two, two combined touchdowns the rest of his career and then three Yeah, today. But yeah, I'm looking at, I, you know what, I was just gonna crap on the Niners a little bit. But they won total yards 4 25 to 2 96. I feel like they just got out Coach, I guess they had 111 penalty yards. Which is, which is rough. But man that's that Sean McVay is something the way he gets it done. So if you are gonna say, 'cause heading into this week, the Rams were the prohibitive year from health team team, which we have every year. Right. We have the team that's like, wow, holy shit. I can't believe all the stuff that happened to that team this year. And now the Niners are kind of creeping into that.


The Niners are now one and two. A bunch of guys are hurt. Shanahan, the, the Lusters coming off. I, I didn't think he coached a good game at all today. And injuries on both sides of the ball. I don't know it the year from hell. It feels like a toss up between those two now it's gonna be one of those two teams though. I wish I can get a handle on this. I think you're right. But I don't, if you were to pick like an outlier game, maybe we saved this for next week. Like which is the game we're gonna look back on like what, how the hell did that happen? I don't even know. Maybe it's Niners jets. Like I have no idea at this point. No, I have the game. Who is good? You do already. I had this Coming up later. Oh okay. I, 'cause we do this every year on the pod. We're like, oh my god.


Remember in week two, dot, dot dot. Yeah. I think Raiders Ravens is gonna be the dumbest result of Oh really? 2000, 20, 24. You think? Think they end up like four and 13. The Raiders or something? Yeah, that Ravens are up 10. The Raiders just for some reason put together 10 competent minutes, steal the game within a week. You know, they're rolling over against Andy Dalton and the Panthers. Antonio Pierce was given a crazy press conference. Did you see that press conference after? Yeah. That was rough. And he was like, some guys out there down the stretch from making business decisions. Well we're gonna be making some business decisions of our own. It's like, what's going on? Right? You're losing by 30 to the Panthers. What are you guys are supposed to be stretching over the middle in traffic for balls?


Like what, what, what are saying and why? Why wasn't your team prepared? They didn't prepare for Andy Dalton. They only had six days and 43 years of tape on 'em. How are they supposed to, how are supposed to get ready? Lewis was on their coaching staff. He coached in Alton. Right, right, right. They're completely blindsided that he was gonna be accurate with and and if you didn't pressure him, he was gonna be good. They didn't. Now Max Crosby was hurt in that game and you can kind of feel it. Yeah. But with an injured, max Crosby not a great team anyway. I think week two, Raiders Ravens is the leader in the clubhouse right now for stupid one Stupid result's. Also Pat's Seahawks going overtime. We might look back at that one if the Seahawks turnout to be really good, just that the Pats actually hung with them for reasons that remain unclear.


So the formula is the underdog beat the favorite and their records, which is the biggest disparity after 17 weeks. Right. You're saying? So that's probably gonna be Raiders, Ravens. Yeah. Right. Oh man, I think you're right. I I I might wanna throw my Cowboys in there. Oh no. maybe Maybe the Browns Jaguars. Maybe if the Browns end up with four wins and the Jaguars end up with tent. No way. Nah, you're right. You're closer. Well the other two 20 twos, 23 playoff teams. Baltimore and San Francisco. So Baltimore, I mean that was my big, my biggest pick today of all the picks I did really well today. But the Yeah, I saw that. Nice.


The, the Baltimore not going Oh, in three. It just seemed too inconceivable. They're too good. I think they're fine ultimately. So I asked you to write down who you thought right now, after three weeks, if you had to guess seven playoff teams for each conference, who you would pick. I thought it was an interesting exercise. You can't say eight, you can't say either. Or just gimme seven for each conference. So you do a ffc then I'll do my a FFC and we'll see if we agree or disagree. Well, first of all, shame on you for forcing me to do any kind of exercise. I mean, you could see that's not my mo. Alright. But you, you're not gonna like it 'cause you just, you Buffalo no water.


Right. Buffalo, Pittsburgh, Baltimore, Houston, Casey Jets, Raiders. They had to go. Raiders had to do something. So Raiders so weird. Still the Raiders. I'm still going Raiders. Well, who's your seven? I mean, that can't be a good change charger whoever you have. Really? Okay. I think the Chargers are good. I really do. I think they're good. I thought they, I thought they swung haymakers with the Steelers for two hours. And once Herbert went out, you know, they couldn't hang, but their defense was again really good. And, and Bosa got hurt during that game. I mean, I guess we shouldn't be shocked when Bosa gets hurt, but I think their defense is legitimately good and they just have the feel of like an Easton stick.


Tyler Heineke is gonna, you know, start eight games to, to me and Harbaugh's gonna be like, oh, well next year's our year. But maybe you're right. I mean whatever. I took the Raiders. I know that game was, I was sweating that game out. I really thought the Chargers had a chance to steal it. So we agree on Jets. Buffalo, Pittsburgh, Baltimore, Houston by default. Default kc. Yeah. And you have the Raiders. I have the Chargers. By the way, I didn't mention Steelers again. I really should make a bigger deal outta this, but please do it every week. Steelers opponent, first half Steelers to win the game Weeks. The Cousin Sal hit again. It did hit again. Plus 700. You could've got a plus seven 50. Oh my God. It hit. Just think if you had done that this week, you would, you would've already covered all your Steelers bets.


I know, I know you. Because, because it was plus 800 last week. Right. They they just do it. They just don't maybe have enough out of the gate and then they just wear you down. You know. Jesus. So I know, I gotta say, I, I hated the Steelers for the entire Brady era and I kind of hated them in the nineties too. They beat us up. You like them now, huh? Beat us a couple times. No, I, it, I just, you know, I I, my favorite futures were Pittsburgh and the Chargers and the Seahawks. Like just for like, that's what I had the most action on. That was what most excited about. I felt like I was like the only one picking the Steelers. Everyone was out on them. And I just really admire how they do the most with not a ton.


Yeah. Like they're definitely really talented on defense, but offensively they have one receiver, you know, and the big play of the game was Fields who they've been really, I've watched every play. I've, every Steelers game they've been really careful with fields. Don't throw over the middle. We don't want a ball get tipped. We don't trust you. And he did finally have an interception today. It was over the middle. Yeah. But the big play of the game, he had Austin over the middle and Austin took off. Right. And it was, I I felt like that was an important moment for them because all they were doing was like having him throw it down the sidelines or do screen passes and they're, they're trusting him more. And I, I think that team's a 10 win team. At least he gave them more than they need out of him. He gave them, yeah. One, one touchdown win interception fine.


245 yards. My God, nobody gets that anymore. Are you kidding me? Give That's like 507 years ago. That's a, that's a whole football field. More than we need from you. You as long as Yeah. We're gonna also rush for 114 and play defense like we do. Okay. So NFC, who are your seven? I think we, well you you could be, you could just take that there. I thought there NFC was harder. Just for the record. Philly, Detroit, Atlanta, Dallas, and then three teams from the NFC West San Francisco, Seattle Ramps. So you're not gonna have Dallas in there. That's fine. Wow. That's Go ahead, take them out. I know what you're gonna do here.


I mean Dallas is ridiculous. You almost like ruined. I'm taking you outta the ring of honor. This is terrible. What? You're out. I got out. Yeah, we're we're taking your statue out. I was on for 12 minutes. I was in Wow. I have Philly. I have three NFC North teams. Detroit, green Bay, Minnesota. Wow. I had New Orleans over Atlanta. I have San Francisco and I have Seattle and San Francisco was the one I wavered on the most. And I don't know if I'm right, but I didn't wanna put Arizona in. If for the record, I thought Arizona again was good today. Like they had a pretty noble loss to the Lions. The Lions did the Lions thing again where they had, they had the ball ton.


They ran a lot of plays. Their defense just completely shut down the Cardinals running game. But the Cardinals, like, they hang around, they hang around. You can't quite put them away. You always feel like they're one play away from getting back into it. I I think they, they lost to Buffalo by six, Detroit by seven. I thought those were good losses. Yeah. That game sucked for us. 'cause I think we both had Detroit minus three. Yeah. Split it out. And they wanted desperately they wanted that game to end 2017. They tried everything. They did and I was so happy when it was 2013. Okay, now we're gonna play defense. But you're right. I just worry that they don't man, the lines really have trouble. Do they have 20 in the first half? They shut 'em out in the second half. Yeah.


And so the Cardinals could play that tough defensively obviously down the stretch. They could sneak in nine. I think they could be like a nine win playoff team if that exists in the NFC. I thought the crowd was good both ways. 'cause there were Lions fans there too. But it was just like a lively game. The Cardinals defense stepped up a bunch of times and I don't know, I didn't think it was a bad loss for them. So new. So you have Atlanta. I have New Orleans for the South. Well here, here's the thing there, there's no way we're gonna be able to tell who's better Atlanta or New Orleans for another 10 weeks. No, it you could, we're taking that to week 18. You're right. You could pretend Trump and Kamala are in the margin of era for every swing state.


So go ahead and make your predictions. You have no idea how it's gonna turn out. Same thing for Atlanta, new Orleans, by the way, five wins in the NFC South South. Is that what you ha? What? Wait, what do you mean? It's five, five total wins right now through three weeks in the n ffc South. Yeah. Well, Andy Dalton killed you. He killed your, your bet that was their only win today. But they we're on case now for under 30. You could have been two and 15 with that Panther's team rifles in there. I'm not sweat. Not any dog. So the news flash, so I have Detroit, green Bay and Minnesota and I'm gonna make the case for Green Bay Lele Great. Has stepped up into the top six or seven as a coach.


The fact that they were able to steal both of those games and buy some time would love their defense, was really good. Love's gonna come back. They're gonna have a top six or seven offense when he comes back. And I just think that's a 10 win team. I felt that way before the year. And and the fact that they're two in one right now is probably where you would've had them anyway. So love will be back next week or the week after. And I think they get to 10 wins. I think you said it without saying it. The the, there's three head coaches in the N fm C North. We we're probably in the top six or seven overall. Right. Like really, really good LaFleur how he figured that game out. And we, we know Campbell's solid and what O'Connell's doing in Minnesota is spectacular. Which is why I am not as worried about the Cowboys.


Now if they lose the Giants a different story. But if they're two and two a half game behind Philly, who I think can you get to nine wins? You could, you could. We haven't even played Philly yet. That coach blows more games than McCarthy. Like he couldn't call anything Right. Today. Not one thing. Could he call. Right. What was the one that the, I mean you gave up, you gave up 72 points and like 2 0 6 and a half quarters. You can't worry about anything like that. No, no, no. That's until the Ravens did the weird Ravens thing they do where they just, they can't figure out if dare if Derrick Henry and Lamar Jackson have no idea how to get first down to the 10 point lead. I've never seen anything like it. They can't finish. Yeah, I know. Dumbest. They like quietly the dumbest team in the league. I don't understand them. Well, listen, everybody gets mad at me for my, you don't need running backs comment.


But the three and oh teams, the running backs are James Cook, Zach Charnay for the most part, NAJE Harris and Har comes back. Okay. Yeah. Aaron Jones. All right. No, no one's breaking the bank for those guys. So, but well, you know, who's breaking the bank? The Bears who spent 24 million on Deandre Swift for pieces that were being unclear. Oh right. We have Deandre Swift. Meanwhile, Philly goes and gets Barkley who's, who now is leading on FanDuel for offensive player of the year, has 500, has he has the highest odds should they have stayed put with Justin Fields and just had a boatload of picks and Marvin Harrison and everything else. I I feel like that discourse will start this week.


Yeah. You don't, if you put fields behind that bear's offensive line, he would be just as, as shaky and sketchy as Caleb Williams has been. Yeah, they couldn have block the fucking col. They could've blocked the Colts without Buckner. Yeah. What the hell is that? No, it's rough. We likened them to, they have 20 receivers and no offensive lineman somehow to what the Colorado does and Deion Sanders and the offensive line, it's the same thing. It's just under siege for three hours. So we said before the year, my big case was that I thought there was gonna be three NFC West playoff teams. And I had San Francisco. San Francisco, Seattle and the Rams. I still have that. Yep.


Yeah. To me, the NFC West, you could tell me any of those teams are gonna win the NFC West. And I wouldn't say you're crazy. You tell me Arizona's gonna win the NFC West. I don't think that's insane. Rams. If they can get, if they can hold on until Cup and pka come back, like not insane. San Francisco, obviously they're still the favorite. And then Seattle who lost, they lost Williams and Murphy on their d-line today. They're two best guys. Right. Those guys are gonna be hurt next week. Their offensive line's a mess. Their schedule's about to get harder. I don't know that nine and eight might take that division for all we know.


Yeah, I think there's a lot of divisions where there's three teams that could win a divi that can win it. I really do. maybe that's, it's fun. I like maybe what's good about football now. Yeah. I know it's, it's not great to watch when quarterbacks have 43 yards at half. But yeah, it's competitive. I wrote down, I have a category, sneaky teams and Zona is my number one sneaky team. Denver was two. I thought Denver, I, I wanted to bet the money line so bad and I just never pulled the trigger today with them. 'cause that line was six and a half. They were dying for you to tease Tampa. Suffocated Tampa coming off this upset. Went over to Detroit where Detroit just gave them the game and ran 83 plays and somehow didn't win.


But we said, we said on Thursday when House and I talked about this, a million dollar picks Denver against Pittsburgh in the second half was like sneaky good, right? Like they controlled the second half the game Today. They dominated Tampa, they took over the game. Bo Nicks was actually really good paintings, trusted them, kept them going. So I have them, and then maybe Jacksonville, depending on what happens tomorrow night as like three teams. Is there anybody else you would say is like, I know what their record is, but would you put the Giants in there? 'cause I would not. I mean, people might put no, I, I don't think so. The thing, the thing is, giants play the Cowboys and the one thing they have in common is they both beat the Browns. So you really can't, how we gonna be able to tell, right?


Yeah, they have, they're gonna have to play that game before we even see anything. I, I guess you could say the Bengals, if they're, well, you would obviously have the Raiders because you still think they're making the playoffs. Yeah. Well, I I think it's a, a no-brainer. I don't even think it's sneaky. Of course, the raids are making the playoffs. You making a business decision make, I'm gonna make, I'm right. Now


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. As a small business owner, every new hire added to your team needs to make an immediate impact. Think of CJ Stroud in his rookie year, how he transformed the Texans with limited hiring resources. You don't have the luxury of getting it wrong. you need to feel confident that your candidate is going to perform when the game is done. The line with LinkedIn jobs, you can, as the world's largest professional network, LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals. With the unique skills and experience you need, chances are your next standout star is one of them. A qualified candidate ready to put in the work that makes an immediate impact on your business. On LinkedIn, 86% of small businesses get a qualified candidate within 24 hours. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn. Hire the right person for your role and post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons to post your job for free terms and conditions apply.


This episode is brought to you by Buffalo Wild Wings. Go takeout and delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings is now Buffalo Wild Wings go. And for a limited time, you can get 10 free boneless wings from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go when you spend $15 and use promo code. Go boneless. Which by the way, I'm a boneless guy. Sorry. I just love it. You know, some people are like boneless wings depending on the situation. Some people are hardcore wings. I'm a boneless guy. Makes it easier for boneless too. When you try any of the bub sauces, you can just smear 'em right in there. They have a crazy amount of sauces and dry rubs, which you should know if you've been to Buffalo Wild Wings. There's like 26 of them. My favorites Nashville Hot. I really like the orange chicken. And I'm an original Buffalo guy. And if I had to pick one, I would pick the Nashville Hot. 'cause I like my mouth feeling hot when I'm eating Boneless Chicken. Let's be honest, wings. They're the one true football food. So the fact that you can get 10 of them free while you watch, I don't know, the first Sunday action when they have all those games and the early games. You just flipping around Maybe, you got a little multi-view, action, whatever, eat some wings while you're doing it. It's awesome. Order takeout or delivery from Buffalo Wild Wings. Go while you watch the games. This football season. Enjoy your 10 free boneless wings and maybe enjoy some Nashville hot sauce while you're at it. At participating locations for a limited time when you're ordering the Buffalo Wild Wings web or app.


Couple more things. Giants, Browns Giants won by six. Malik Nabors is really good. So good that it doesn't matter that Daniel Jones is his quarterback. He's, I know like he's somehow Tyreek Hill. It does matter that Skyler Thompson's his quarterback. But Malik Nabors, they just throw to him all the time. I think he has more targets than anyone else in the league. He's super exciting. He's made some holy shit plays. I think he went six that might have ac They might have actually nailed that pick. I, I know what the combine said and I was pretty like, I thought I was sure of everybody's dimensions. He, you know, he is seven foot four. You know, he is like Andre the Giants height. Like, but I feel like's picking ball.


Oh, nice shirt. I feel like he's picking the ball out of like throws that would go through the goalpost. Yeah. And he's like grabbing 'em out of the air. He who's okay, who's he? Like what's the comp? I said it's like Tyreek co crossed with somebody else, but he is bigger than, but like I'm to, that's, I mean, it's like Kyrie Hill was size almost. I don't, I don't know. I don't know what he's, like I said, a little Calvin Johnson people went nuts on me, but he's not big enough. I think there's a little No, I know. All right. So maybe there's that combination there. Really. I don't know if we've seen anybody quite like him, but he's pretty god exciting. I mean the Giants literally would be two in one if they had just signed or added another kicker in week two. Yeah. When they knew that their first kicker wast nerd.


All right. Lions. Cardinals Lions won by seven. Goffs has four picks in three games and a pick six that would've swung that. I forgot to mention that when we talked about Arizona, they get a pick six, right? Right before the two minute warning and they said, no, no, it was the two minute warning and they replay it and it's so not the two minute warning. There was 2 0 1 left when they snapped it and pick six just vanishes Cardinals might have won the game, but the lion have scored 60 points in 12 quarters, six in overtime. So 66 total. They ran 151 plays the last two weeks and only have 40 points. Wow. And I don't really understand it, even as I'm watching it, you watch them and you're like, how is this team not scoring 38 points a week?


What am I missing? I dunno. What, what am I missing? Did they have a fourth and one, two? I'm trying to think if they were one of the teams that got stuck in there. E everything is like, I think they got stuffed. Yeah, I think they were one of the ones fourth down. They were o for one. Arizona was o for two. Yeah. Yeah. Everyone was bad on fourth down. Yeah. I mean, Iman St. Brown. They had a, a nifty play with the, the, the hitch, the hooking ladder and St. Brown scored. But they, this is a game where I thought they would kill 'em. I was like, this is gonna be 33 15 or something. 33 16. They can't pull away. I don't understand that. Chris Meyers on the call today.


Is he, has he replaced? I mean, they're still white laughing. I like Chris. No, I like him too. It's just, whatcha whatcha doing? Is he not the old, the old the oldest old guard guy now? No, I'm just, I mean, I guess Al Michaels is still in there, but, 'cause we would have forever it would be like Dick Berg and there would always be like the older guy. Now I think it's Chris Myers and Chris Myers isn't even that much older than we are. You mean, so this is, he's gotta be in his mid sixties, right? Mid, how old is Nance? Oh yeah, you're right. Nance. Nance. You know how it's, he's 83? No, I'll stop that. Yeah, stop that now. I thought Romo, I think Romo's been good this season. I think Brady made Romo step his game up.


Yeah, yeah, yeah, for sure. Romo's Romo has been excellent this season. Nance is six. Why? 'cause he talks. He actually, he actually says things when like the play is developing. So Yeah, he, he, he does that. He I know it's your boy. I know. You can't, it's tough. It's tough. No, let's do it. Let's talk about it. SNL had this sketch with Nick Cage like 30 plus years ago called Tiny Elvis. Do you remember this? Yeah, yeah, yeah. And Nicholas Cage I did, it was like a shrunk down tiny Elvis. And he was just sitting on a table and he had like his bodyguards with him. And he would just make jokes. He'd be like, Ooh, that's salt sugar. That thing's huge. And the bodyguards would be like, oh, good one. Tiny good one you did Again, that's what these Brady games are like.


Yeah. They're so, they're like over overreacting to every comment he makes. They're trying desperately to like set him up and be like, whose diet were they talking about? Derrick Henry's at one point, like Derrick, he doesn't eat until five o'clock. He has an avocado at five o'clock. It's sounds like your diet tb and they're just like trying so hard to make him a personality. And, and three weeks in it is just not working. So I don't think it is, but I don't think it's the worst thing in the world or the money. It's not the worst thing in the world, say, but so he's, he's a studio guy then. So he is better as a studio guy. Like I still think he has a lot to offer. I don't think he can get it out in six seconds, you know? And I'm not sure that he wants to.


Yeah, that's a good point. I heard this theory that he's a big swear when he is not doing games and that's why he's like kind of stilting as he does it. Right. I'm not ready to write it off yet, but I thought it would be better by week three and it's just not. Yeah. And do you think he needs, they're Jeff in there and Tony Hinchcliffe and like that he was his best at the roast. Like maybe he just needs those guys. You know, I want, I feel like he's holding back is one of my biggest issues with him, right? Yeah. You know, like I, I feel like he wants to talk about how dumb of a throw that was. Or like, you can't put your receiver where he is about to get, but he's, he, it's like he's being nice and I don't know if you, he's not critical enough yet.


Biggest, well, these guys interview my biggest, the quarterbacks on Friday, right? So the Friday before the game, I think they all almost, they interview the coaches, they interview the quarterbacks, they talk to em, you know, and what they let go out on the broadcast is up to them. I could see him being a little nervous, like, like, Hey, you know, I, these guys were all good to me over the years. It's like, yeah, you were the fucking best. Of course they were good to you. Right? Like, I'm not, why would I burn a bridge here? So it's tough. Yeah. One point. What did Hench text us about when he was like, well Lamar lives for moments like this when it was in the fourth quarter. It's like, Lamar's been terrible at moments like this. Whatcha talking about? But he lives in fear. Yeah.


I would love insight from him of like, and maybe Burkhart hasn't figured out how to set him up yet, but just talk about, hey, the Ravens are really struggling in these fourth quarters. Like what makes a team be good for 50 minutes and bad for the last 10? Like, did you, were you ever on a team like that? What are the reasons? How do you fix it? Like, it's almost like they should be thinking about him like he's the fixer. Yeah. It's like this team's doing this. This is stupid. What would you do? Why is this team like this? If they asked you, what would you tell them? And that, and they have to like reset his brain to think that way. And it's just not how it's going these days. You're the quarter, you're the greatest quarterback of all time. Yeah. Like tell us what went along us here. Give us this answers. You're the answer man. This give us answers as the greatest quarterback.


Well, just like what Belichick is doing on 40 other different shows, right. Belichick's on 45 other shows. But it, it just seems like he thinks the job is, well you, you see there Dak he saw Zeke come outta the side. He just hits him with that pass. That pass has to be better. We could, he let him too far away and that's why I was incomplete. It's like cool. Like can you gimme more? Right? you can tell, tell I'm I'm watching on tv. He'll be fine. I'm not ready to write him off yet. But it it, he's gonna great. Just fine. As, as Hench said, when the Pats fans are like, Ooh, Brady's not great. That's, that's not, not a good sign. We didn't talk about the Eagle Saints game, which kept me from sweeping million dollar picks, at least for today.


Yeah. That sucks. Saints finally go ahead. They're up five somehow missed a two point because they don't have taste some hill and they don't have a any two point plays that don't get him, but that's fine. Right. Eagles have the ball. There's like under two and half in its left third and 16. Devonta Smiths outta the game. AJ Brown's not playing. The only guy in the field who can hurt them is Dallas Goddard and they're inside their own 30. And somehow Dallas Goddard gets open for a 60 yard play and the Eagles end up going up by a point and a two point and they're up three. Yeah. The, the, the first down is also unacceptable to Goddard on third and 16. And I understand two guys ran into each other, but to go untouched for 60 yards, like he shouldn't go untouched in his house for 60.


Like, I, I'm not, how about double him? Just put a guy on him and another guy behind him like he's the only guy in the field that can hurt you, hurts can run for it. Maybe. And that's the other one. But yeah, it's him and Godard now. It was terrible. And that bailed Siri out. Like I think that would've been the big story today. If they're one and two, it would've been Siri. Do you think he would've been fired if they lost that game? I don't dunno if you could fire him. It's inconceivable, right? No, I think big Dom would've stuffed them in the, in the trunk of a Tesla or something. And that would've been that. I don't know if they could fire him. That seems too cruel. But I mean, he couldn't get anything, right? They, they went for it twice on fourth down both times as they're doing it, you're watching on your TV going, this is weird. Yeah. They went for that 60 yard field goal with Elliot, which if you missed it was gonna just give the Saints all this life.


Which is exactly what happened. There was other stuff too, but it wasn't, well you, what was the one you hated? The one the right before half. There was like 12 seconds left. He went on fourth and one or something when they could have kicked the field goal. Did you say that? They, they, oh well, I mean, I said they got stuff on two fourth and ones, but that was one of them that kicked the field goal. Yeah. And instead they ran like a sweet play that got, but the only way that that play made sense 'cause they had no timeouts left, was that they thought they're getting a touchdown out of it. And they were on like the 15, right? Yeah. It was inexplicable. Can I, can I just say something about this in coaching? Like why can't you replace a coach during the game? Like we, like a quarterbacks. Well, or just take the quarterback quarterback's again $360 million.


And if they don't have it, just like, you know, CJ Raub, we know he is great. He didn't have it. They took him out. Do that with a coach. Hey, the coach doesn't have it today. He was oh, for five on his fourth down calls. Siri's in the box. In the box for the second half. Right? He's in the box. Assistant coach or big dom is making the calls in the fourth quarter. I don't think that's a ridiculous notion. I really like it. Arthur Blank. Should have thought of that. Even made the ring of honor. One thing with the Saints, the McCoy got hurt. Three plays in. Yeah. Their best, their best offensive lineman. They couldn't really totally block. But what it led to was the return of Derek Carr. Yeah, Derek Carr's.


He already has a brother David Carr. But this was Derek Carr's other brother, like dirt car or whatever you wanna call it. Like evil Derek car showed up. They were pressuring him. They got all this pass rush that they just didn't at Atlanta. Against Atlanta. They touched cousins twice the whole game. This game. Carter was a maniac. They're pushing the line, pushing the line. And Derek Carr looked like last year, Derek Carr and look terrified. I was thinking about hedging at halftime because I was like, I don't like how this is going. Then I would've been so mad when the Saints were up 12 seven on third and 16, but car was bad. I don't know what to make of this with the Saints offense that looked so awesome the first two games and, and you know, like he missed Shahied was wide open on a bomb and he underthrown him.


It just would've been a touchdown if he'd put air on it. There were some other plays that it felt, it just, they felt super sloppy and McCoy going out early, obviously hurt them. But yeah, I've cooled off on the Saints cell. I I'm with you and you know what? You wanna blame someone for Derek Carr? Failure car, car problems. Blame me. I bet him over one and a half touchdown passes. I had all these trends. I was so excited. Oh my. I was like, he is gonna get two. Wow. He, because he has like, he, he played great in the first two games. He didn't even play really the second half to score. You know, I was like, this guy is in, he's in sync. They j all they had to do was get rid of Michael Thomas. That guy was the issue.


And now, but you're right. They didn't look anything. They didn't look as fast as they did in the last couple weeks. Maybe the Eagles are just as fast as everybody, but very disappointing. maybe Maybe, they just need to play Dallas every week. That's true. Yeah. It's so funny. I feel that way about the Browns like, just play, let us play DA Cleveland. It's almost like sports just changes every week and you play good one week and not that good the next week. Yeah, almost. I was surprised though. I thought they would put up more than 12 points against the Eagles. I don't really fully understand that. So the Panthers killed the Raiders. We mentioned that. What happens with Bryce Young now because there, there was, I think Diana Rossini reported that she thought they were actually done with Bryce Young and that they're gonna trade him after the year.


A couple other people have said that. I I I find that hard to believe they would just be done with him. I know, but I also think Maybe, you know, a lot of these guys benefit from a year under the starter. All right, let's say it's Andy Dalton, like Kobe, Dalton Drake may right now. Yeah, right, exactly. Andy Dalton, who by the way, the only quarterback this year who had 300 yards and three, three touchdowns in a game. Sickening. But I don't know if Bryce Young is that guy. Just from watching him and just watching how he, he just really might be too small and not built for this game. A and the other part is, oh, they should trade him to the Rams. What, what do you fetch for Bryce Young right now?


Like you're selling really, really low. I think you have to hold onto him. You have to hold onto, but I thought the Dolphins would've been a fun one for him. Yeah, right. Because that's kind of the, if you're gonna put him in a system where he has to dump the ball. A couple people mentioned this last week. I didn't come up with this, but get getting rid of the ball within two seconds. Maybe that's the one. But I I wouldn't show them if I was, he could. He's better than Skylar Murray. That's for sure. Speaking of quarterbacks, Sam's MVP odds on FanDuel now 25 to one. Is he like eighth or something now? What is it? It's 25 to one Sam. Darn guy. A guy was outta the league.


I'm wondering Wow. So the Vikings beat the Texans 34 7 and Houston looked like they couldn't block maybe the A FC South sucks. Is that possible? Houston? Sure. Indianapolis, Tennessee, Jacksonville, Houston might not even be that good in nine and eight and they're just gonna get the four seat and just lock 'em in and they're gonna be playing whoever doesn't win the A FC North. That division sucks right now. For sure. Richardson threw his two interceptions. I thought the first one was just, just out of this world, bad triple covered four, he passing the end zone and then the second one was even worse I thought.


Yeah. Just so yeah, you have quarterbacks that aren't ready. You have teams that can't put the offense together and yet they won Cols. Right? Like they avoided being on the feet. They somehow won. The Bears cannot block at all. And I thought we're somehow the most poorly coached team of the day, which is really saying something. But he flues. I, I don't know what that guy's doing. He, he, his timeouts and challenges, they're, they just operated in this alternate universe. I'd be going nuts if I was a Bears fan. And they also don't seem like they know how to run an offense for a team that obviously can't block. Right. Like they're just, Caleb's just going back like he's gonna like, maybe I'm gonna have time this time.


And he goes back, it's like, Nope, there's four guys on me again. It's like yeah, the next time that you're gonna, that's gonna happen again. Yeah. Guess what? There's gonna be four more guys the next time. Yeah. You have 52 attempts. if you get him, give him 70 attempts. The the next 18 he is gonna be crushed. Six of them, you know, doesn't, they're trying to wear down the other team's defensive line. The same ratio line from Acking him. Yeah. Yeah. You guys tired yet? But Ebra flues was awful. You mentioned Richardson. Did you see he has six interceptions? Is it six already? Yeah. Wow. That's a lot. Which we talked before the season. We were talking about who could win the interception title. I had Caleb. Yeah. Yeah. And I had, I, I think I had Sam and we argued about was he gonna play enough games to get it.


But we thought somewhere between 15 and 19 would be the interception title. That's usually where it lands. Well count Richardson's already at six. if you count Sam Darn like the NFC championship game in the Super Bowl. You might, he might get the most interceptions had the playoffs. Jesus. So Richardson is throwing 73 passes this year. How many do you think he's completed? 73. You said six are interception. Sixty seven thirty, thirty five. It's less big. Call 36. Okay. So he's just under 50%. But it feels worse when he is on one of the TVs because they're sailing everywhere. But then he'll uncork the most beautiful 50 yard pass to somebody in Stride.


And you're like, oh, I get it. I get why the combine? He blew everyone away. He'll also have like two runs a game where he's just running over people like Derrick Henry. So there, there's something there. I don't think he's a bus by any means. You have to have a name for that. 'cause you now put together a four box for YouTube tv, right? Yeah. And that was, I I imagine that was your fourth choice on the fort box, right? That Cols. Yeah, it was game. You have to have a name for like the dangling box or something that you're, you're ready. That can move in and out at any time. That box. Oh, interesting. Because, because to me that was just between that and the, the Giants Browns I thought was Which train wreck do you wanna watch outta those two? It's almost like a six man or, or like Yeah. Right. What's that starter in baseball?


The, the reliever starts the opener, the reliever that starts the opener in baseball. They call it, what do they call it? The opener when the reliever just pitches the first inning and then he leaves. Oh yeah, yeah. Like the, the rays do. Yeah. Tampa Bay. Yeah, yeah, yeah. It's like that. It's like, I'm gonna start the game with col spares. Yeah, I was moving around. There was a couple like Texans Vikings was just, that has to go. I thought that was gonna be a staple. And you know, an hour and a half in it was about Broncos bucks is the last one. So the six plus faves after this, after today, they're two and 15 against the spread you said? Yes. And how many outrights?


Nine. Nine outright losses for the six point favorites. So if you love teasing No good. You're probably telling your mom you need a gym membership. And more money than 500 bucks. I'm joining Equinox. Yeah. It's 500 bucks. But it's cash. It's not credit card. Do you have 500 bucks cash? Yeah. Right. They're, they're laughing at us. All the purists that laugh at teaser players. And guess what I'm doing tomorrow? Fing teaser. You better believe it. We do games. You doing Buffalo and hit Buffalo and two games. Cincy. I'm actually gonna do Jacksonville and Cincy. I mean, since they got it, since they have to, both those teams have to come close.


I mean, Mike, I mean, I don't see Trevor Lawrence losing eight in a row, Mike, you know, I'll watch Patrick Mahomes lead his team down the field so that Harrison Bucker could kick 300 yards worth of field goal. It it was just, it was amazing. They were wa what were they waving? Su b Anthony. Oh yeah. In the crowd. Who was that like to try to psych him out? They're waving Su B Anthony songs. Right, right, right. Yeah. And then somehow he missed the extra point. 'cause he was probably like, what the fuck are they? What? Don't even get it now. She's in the ring of honor. That's great. With Arthur Boy. We're gonna take one more break and do Guest Alliance.


This episode is brought to you by an all new season of Survivor. Survivor is back for season 47 and it's even better when you watch with your tribe, friends, family, anyone who's in for the adventure of a lifetime. Jeff Probes returns to Host. And trust me, even after all these seasons, you'll still be surprised who will outwit, outplay and outlast. It's anyone's game. you can even follow our podcast on The Ringer reality TV podcast. We love Survivor Gather Your Tribe. New episodes Wednesdays eight seven Central on CBS and streaming on Paramount. Plus,


today's Guest Alliance is brought to you by Workday. Get the whole band together with Workday and pair finance and HR in one platform for an epic performance with Workday ai. At the core, you'll make confident decisions faster than ever and you'll drive flawless business and finance operations with an agile platform that constantly evolves to future proof your organization. Be finance and HR rockstar with Workday. Visit Workday dot com to learn more.


Alright, Guest Alliance. Usually when I'm dead on for Guest Alliance, it's usually good for my gambling, which was the case last week when I nailed like six straight on. So we got you. Were good. You and it's 1, 1, 1 after three weeks. All right, so we're Fresh start. We're basically starting, it's we're dead. Even Thursday night, your team is playing the Giants. Giants in Giants Stadium. This felt like Cowboys minus three and a half to me. Wow. Wow. The disrespect. I might just, I may have to quit the week here because I had six and a half. Yeah. Said still the Giants and it's four and a half.


You get it? Hmm. Ah, if they lose Giant, I think that ends under four. I think that gets to three and a half. Really? Yeah. Your team's not good. I know you can't see it yet. It's fine. Well, your team's not that good. Okay. But don't match up against, it's not the Giants. What? It's not your fault. Don't just hold me. It's not your fault. Your fault. Hold me through the Zoom. It's not your fault. Your team's not good. Damn neighbors. We have Lamb. My team's not good either. We have two bad teams. Our defense is better. Our quarterback's better. Okay. Alright. We always beat him. Listen, Dak might win nine games just just by himself, which he probably should if you're paying him $60 million. But your team's not very good.


Okay. I guess that's it. I mean, you usually, you'll agree though. They usually throw a Cowboys tax in there. Right? And three and a half or four and a half. What it is doesn't seem, I would argue you had the Cowboys tax this week when the line was one and a half, when it should have been three. Really? You thought Raven. The Raven. I thought the Raven should been favored by three. Yeah. By the way, we didn't. Yeah, that flipped from when we bet last week. All right. I don't even wanna talk about that game. That's, well the big flip from last week was that Saints Eagles side. Eagles Five Points, right? Yeah. 'cause the Eagles lost on Monday. Yeah. And that, that moved it. Yeah. Sunday Marquee. So I'm gonna do this one, even though it's probably not the marquee, but it is for me.


Chiefs at the Chargers. Chiefs come in La Harbaugh, his first time going against Andy Reed and Mahomes. Herbert probably playing, I would assume. And assuming he does play. I just think this is a really fun game and I'm excited to watch it. 'cause I think I'm a little higher on the Chargers, especially their defense the most. So I'm gonna say Chiefs by six. All right. I'm gonna suggest we throw this out. And it's not just 'cause I lost, I said, I said Chiefs by three and a half. But this reads for sure like he's not playing. It's eight and a half.


Oof. Go throwing it out because I won. All right, fine. I mean, yeah, but all your analysis was Herbert's playing. I mean, he's clearly not playing this game right. Half Well can be a lot of Chiefs fans too. Don't you think 30,000 Chiefs fans at that game? Not eight and a half points worth the Chiefs fans. That's craziness. Line's too high. I agree with you. Will you look at that? Look off, I'm, I'm not, I'm not screwing that up. Sunday. 4 25. Eight and a half. Right. Okay. That sucks. The two injuries that didn't look great, where that one and La Porta looked like he was really hurt. Yeah. It seemed like he came back for a second but did not. That guy just seems jinxed. Yeah. Alright. You get that one. You're up to nothing.


But I'm surprised already that they're assessing that he is. He's out. Well, I'm leading two. Nothing already for the week. I'm excited. I have two watchable games. Oh, three my bad. There's one in the wrong category. Okay, first one, Saints at the Falcons. Almost wanna call this a loser Leaves town match. But we can't because this, this division is gonna be dragging, dragging on for 14 more weeks. I have the Saints favorite in this game. I be, I did Saints by one. I just think they're better. All right. I, I'm gonna get, do I get this?


You figure out the math? Yeah, I get this. I said Atlanta by three. So what is it? I was like, you know what, you don't step into Atlanta. They have the Ring of Honor with the owner in there. Right? It's Atlanta by one and a half. Yeah, you did get that. So I was off one and a half. You were off three. I think that could move, that could tighten up Atlanta by one and a half. Interesting. Did we, did we hammer Raheem Morris hard enough on the pod? Can't remember. I mean we, I guess not real with, there were so many bad, bad coaches today, but I special kudos to him for those terrible, awful third and fourth down calls.


I mean that last fourth down. I don't know man. I seen, I've seen so many up the middle that didn't make it. I've seen so many jet sweeps that didn't make it. I don't even know what the right call is on fourth down. What about the timeout? So they get a first down, it's under a minute left. There's a play and then he just calls timeout. Right? And then the next play Reed calls Time out before Raheem Morris is able to call Time Out, which should told him how dumb the first time out was. Exactly. Yeah. Right. Like there's a minute left. You're on the 15. There's no, you keep your three timeouts in case you don't get it. Yeah. Keep the clock running. Either way. Make the chiefs call time out. He just completely mangled it. Yeah, he was terrible the last time he was the head coach. Yeah, but I thought he'd be better this time.


'cause everyone was talking about what a great defensive coordinator he was. But when he was the head coach for Tampa, he was awful. Didn't we make a deal with ourselves that we were gonna wait till after three games and then bet Atlanta to win the division. It's like they could be Oing three or one and two or something. Now they're plus 180 in their home. I guess if you think they're gonna lose this one then you wait even longer. But we did make a deal that we, we never keep our, I thought we had to wait until, oh I guess this was the week. Yeah. Wait, so what? So they're all right, I'm going to FanDuel. So they are Saints are plus 1 45 Falcons plus 180 Tampa's plus two 60 because they were a minus to start the year.


Right. So we were like, no, just wait a few weeks and they could be one and two or all and three. What team do you like more? I guess that's what it comes down to. I like the Saints team I saw last week. Beat the shit outta my, my Cowboys. That's a team that should win a division. I like the Saints a little more. Okay, next one is Eagles at the Bucks. Eagles have to be favored in this game. I'm gonna say Eagles by one and a half at Tampa. I got this exactly right. Unless it changed. I said two and a half and it is, sorry. Still two and a half. Yeah. Philly's favorite. Okay.


That's a playoff rematch. Right? The Bucks waxed them the last time. So either that's a Bucks feeling confident 'cause they beat them the last time. Yeah. Or the Eagles mad that they beat them the last time. I never know. I never know how that works. Yeah, lemme know how that turns out. Yeah. I'll never figure that one out. Next one is Packers at the Vikings. This arguably could have been the Marque game, but I didn't know if Malik Willis was playing or not. Vi by the way, shout out out to Ma Willis. Ma Malik Willis was good. Was pretty good today. Very good. I mean, I, I, maybe I'm crediting the coach too much, but Malik Wills didn't screw up. He ran along with that team. They pounded the ball and that defense. I guess we should talk more about the Packers.


Young, excellent defense that already has six interceptions than when I had seven all of last year. Very, very good. Well, he cost me money twice because he cost me money last week. Because I bet against the Packers. Only because of Malik will 'cause of his career to that point. And they, they won. So then I stayed away this week, but then with Skyler Thompson, I was like, I just wanna bet against Skyler Thompson. He's in Seattle. That the Seattle's defense should just kill him. Like what are we doing? Right? But I was so scared up by the Malik Willis thing. I held off. Oh wow. Interesting. It's almost like a second loss. Like Malik will scared me off of easy Skyler Thompson money. So fuck you a second time.


Malik Willis, because he's responsible for all, I lost him again. All your bad bats singer. Going forward. I have the Packers at home, right? Yeah. Packers at home. Yep. Minus one and a half over Minnesota. Oh, I I narrowly beat you. I said three. It's two and a half. So that's a line that it's good game that that's a line that is saying Jordan loves playing, loves playing. Yeah. I think he wanted to go this way. I should have factored that in. God dammit. Too late. I shoulda have cheated this week. I forgot to cheat. That's a fun one. That's a good one Early on. I like that. Yeah. That probably should have been the Sunday marquee game if love's playing. Yeah.


I'm gonna flip that even though it doesn't matter. 'cause we already did the podcast. I'm gonna flip that just for my own records. Fairly watchable as I got five jets. Broncos not a terrible game. Yeah, it's, it's a Jets home game. And I think the Broncos showed enough today that they moved that line under seven. I have jets by six and a half. All right. I'm making a move here. I said seven. It's seven and a half. Oof. It's a little too high. Three to two good guys. So the Broncos had a really good second half against the Steelers and played a really good complete game today. So they've been good for a game and a half.


And I think that line's too high. Well we didn't talk about the Jets at all 'cause it was a Thursday game. I guess you talked about it on Friday, but I think people need to calm down just a little bit. Just a little bit with Aaron Rogers and the Jets. Just, and I'm not saying this 'cause I don't like whatever I I, I had them Thursday. I think they're a playoff team. Yeah, but they played a bottom five team. Sorry. You shit on my team enough today. I had the, I I'm insulted. You said bottom five. They're a bottom three team. Okay. How dare you call us a bottom five team. Bottom three. I take it back. Bottom three. I would never, never insult you again. Three worst teams at us, bottom three, bottom five on three days rest. So anything could happen. And they took advantage. But he looked good.


He looked good. But it wasn't, wasn't forced outta, I mean he had like design rollouts outta the pocket. I think he was forced out too much. I thought he looked good. I thought he made good throws. Little, little bit high, tiny bit. Texans are home for the Jaguars. So I have Texans by three and a half. But I think if the Jaguars look good, I think this line goes under three. But for now I get you Texans. Three and a half. I said four. It's four and a half. I went a little higher. These are good division games. Many Green Bay, Jacksonville, Houston, that's a, an underdog pick Casey Chargers. I think that's an underdog. Pick al the Jags.


I'm gonna bet the Jags again, just honestly just club me in the head. We have to see. No, that's too many points. The Jags have a good pass rush. So Texans can't walk anyone like you can get to Stroud. Yeah. And they can't run the ball. We'll see if they get, mix them back next week. But they couldn't run the ball, which is a problem. Okay, next one. Steelers at Indianapolis. This is your team. You should get this. Yeah. I was off by half a point. Steelers by two and a half. I said two. It's one and a half. Look at this. Look how I'm elbowing you outta here. God damnit. I promise. Look. No, I I'm not believe you. I'm not like you. I don't, when I'm losing, I don't accuse the other person of cheating. Well like I'm, I think like, like you're the real life.


2014 Indianapolis cults. You're just accusing Yeah. When you're losing just lash out. I don't know why you don't do that. I think that's a character flaw to be honest. That line should be, that line should be up to two and a half or three by game time. Because Anthony Richardson against that Steeler's defense is not gonna be pretty at some point they have to take a, like they, they could take one game a month off the Steelers defense. Right? I don't know man, that that team coming. Isn't that what defenses do? Isn't that what they do? I think Watts possessed this year. Yeah. Last one. I put Bears Rams as a fairly watchable only 'cause I don't know what the f to expect from either of these teams.


It's definitely not a poop affect the game. And the Rams really won my respect today. But you're gonna get this. Am I? Because I have the bears favored by one and a half. Yeah, you got it. Exactly. I had the Ram's favored by three and I talk me out. Talk me out of this why the Bears are favored. Kidding. I don't know. Kidding. I kidding. Because the Rams mes got super lucky today and probably should be, you know, oh and three. Well, I mean if anyone should be oh and three. I I Okay. Yeah. The Bears got super lucky against the Titans. Yeah. Will Levi us eight turnovers this year? Forgot to, forgot to shout him out. So good. Yeah, he's so good.


Eight turnovers in three games. What a pace. Four. JJ made that his best bet. I mean imagine giving points with Will Levi. You know, right away it's over. There's different ways to do these best bets. I I am personally not a I'm gonna you my best bet of the week. A bad quarterback or a bad team. Oh, okay. I just thought I don't person, I can't personally do it. Don't like it. I don't like betting on bad teams. 'cause I just think there's too much variance. I'm the same way. I, I think you bet underdogs if you make a living betting underdogs, you, you'll live eight years shorter because you're betting on a bad quarterback to do a good thing in the fourth quarter. Right.


Poop, fecta Bengals. Panthers, you could argue this is a fairly rewa. Fairly watchable 'cause of Dalton going against his Yeah. Old. Is he in the Bengals ring of honor or no, 300 yards. Three touchdowns. Yeah. Took us to seven playoff games. Here he is. I have the Bengals. Right in the Vegas zone Link Five points in Carolina. You're gonna get it. It's five and a half. Hmm. Yeah, he was, yeah, he was instrumental. He was in the shaky game every, every year. Right. Dalton, he was at Saturday game.


Him and against Matt Shaw wasn't at the game. I see Dalton and I just think of warm kind of gross pizza that might give you diarrhea in a couple hours. I see his face. That's my, that's my instinct. That's good. Being on the bowl. Wondering what I what Wondering why I had that sausage pizza slice. He is gonna get you back by putting up six Ws for Carolina moving that NFC South total up to 33. Here's, here's a hard line. 49 ERs at home for the terrible New England Patriots. Yeah. I went with 49 ERs by nine. Yeah. I went seven and a half.


You're gonna get it. It's 10 and a half. Wow. I was way off. I just didn't think 10 and a halfs existed anymore. Honestly. Is that our first one? We didn't have one last week. Right? I don't know if we've had a double figures one. Yeah, I think think that's our first one. Let's see. This is easy enough to do. This will be Jacobi Brit's last start. It's the first one. The Bengals didn't give the Patriots 10. Right? That never got to 10. That would've been the closest one. Yeah, it was the first one. This is the farewell star for Jacoby. Oh really? Yeah. Yeah. Oh yeah. You said this was the last one he sits. This is it. Yeah. Drake May will be the starter for week five against Miami. Okay. I'm predicting that. I think that's the right move. Let's get him out there.


Let's see what he is got. Don't be scared out by the Bryce Young thing. Maybe think more CJ Rad last year. Just get him out. Have him run around. I think it'll be okay. I think that's fair. What's that game again? What's the game? Five? No, week five. Game five is home for Miami. It's perfect. Okay, great. Here's your Skyler competition. Skyler Thompson. Skyler Murray. Yeah. Just be better. Better than Skyler Murray Thompson Maybe. you should hyphen it. Skyler Murray Thompson. I love that. Cardinals are at home for the Washington C words. And I was surprised I bumped this to, to cards minus four.


Oh see now you're, now you're making a run here. I think it's four and a half. Yeah, it's four and a half. I said three and a half. So you get it. I think there's a cards parlay with some adjusted under I think is worth considering because both of those team score points like cards, money line, and you take the under. Oh, I see. I mean, I'm sorry the over but you, you adjust it down so it's like over 40 and just parlay that together and try to get it to either, that's a high over that. Is that the highest over the week? Nine is over 50. 49 and a half. But that's the highest of the week. I guess it might be one, two versus secondary. Yeah. So get that down to like 42, something like that.


Not bad. Yeah. Two good garbage time touchdown teams too where the game's over, but they're just driving like it's the super sure last poop fact. The game is poop tastic, Raiders, Browns. It is a spilled porta John of poop. It's in Vegas. I have no idea who should be favored. I almost wanna do Raiders pick them, but I did Raiders minus one. I did Raiders minus two. It's Browns minus one and a half. Wow. Not surprised you get that. Of course you love, you love the Raiders on a teaser getting more than a touchdown.


No, I You'll never submit that on the Raiders ever. Especially after the coach coming out and just bashing the players in the, in 2024. I don't know if that works when you've, when the coach has basically done nothing. Right. It's not like he, he's like a three time Super Bowl champ. Right. He won a couple games last year down the stretch. Yeah. And now he's just calling guys out, taking shots. Yeah. I, it just doesn't work. We've, we have lots of evidence in the last five, six years that this is a bad strategy. Yeah. Coach, I appreciate the criticism, but I don't know if you remember, you punted on fourth and one from 43 last week, six days ago. I'm sorry I didn't try as hard this week, but I still can't believe you punted from the 40 yard lines.


So I made some business decisions today. I'll say this, if you bet on this game, you might need to go to a, a meeting. Well they gave us, they're doing better. It's eight and four, eight 1:00 PM kickoffs and four four PMs or 4 25 whatever. So yeah, there are other games. You don't need to do this one with this little outdoor area in my, in my house. And I didn't wanna put a TV out there. And then my wife was like, put on a tv. I know you're gonna use it. We should put one out there. I'm like, alright, fine. I was out there for the weight games today. It was just, I felt like a new man.


It's really nice because you're just sitting indoors watching TV for, you know, 10 hours. Yeah. And just to be outdoors for three hours watching a TV with the little four box on it. I was like, this is great. I'm having a great time. It does make you feel a little less shitty about yourself, right? Yeah, it really does. There's the, it really does. There's, sorry about this, but I've, I've only heard about this, but there's the leaving the strip club when it's light out feeling like, oh boy, what's, what, what, where's my life? And then there's, you know, yeah. Little further, further down is what about the, what about still playing blackjack when they're vacuuming under the table that Yeah. Which you've personally witnessed with me multiple times. That would've been a better example.


Question example I should've used, I'm sorry. A little less sketchy. Fortunately we're fortunately we're not live. Oh no, we're live. Same place. Same place. Vegas, Sunday night, Raven's Bills. This is a really good game. Great game. Lamar. Ja. Oh Lamar. I just, these two guys, you think you have 'em? Stop Mike, you think you got 'em and they just pull a play right out of their butt cheeks. Mike can't get outta your butt. You try to tackle him. Mike, God, we're going on the field now. I dare you. There you you, you do everything right and he just plows over you and gets four more yards. Mike, that was a great play. I will say the, the first, first down when he, when he held the ball, he deed the director and everyone and the announcer still, Brady still thinks that it was a a, a sweep left.


And then, and then the pass on was third and sixth. The flowers, he pulled it out. That's what he lives for. You know, he lives for those moments. Yeah. Those moments. I have Ravens minus three against Buffalo. I think we split this. It's two and a half. I said two. Oh wait, let's add these up. 1, 2, 3, 5, 6. I have to be winning. Come on. 8, 2, 3, 4, 5. Just you're winning by two. One of the Monday night games. They have two again. One, I'm off by one and a half points. So you could wrap, you could wrap it up with this first one. Damnit two Monday night games. Again, the first one stinks.


Dolphins, Titans, Skyler Thompson against Sky. No. What's it, what do we call them? Skyler. Skyler Murray Thompson. Skyler Murray. Yeah. Against Will Levi. The Titans fired. Mike Vrabel replaced them with a guy who's like, will Levi is my guy. Malik Willis goes to this other team and somehow they've rejuvenated him in two weeks and it's not going great for Tennessee. Is there a Malik Levi? Because that would in that's another interesting, that would be now would get super confusing. Oh man. So confusing. Yeah. I have the Dolphins favored by two and a half over the Titans. Son of a bitch.


You were way off. But I was wayer off. I said minus three. Tennessee's favored by one and a half. Oh my God. It's almost like they saw, it's almost like they saw Skyler Thompson played quarterback today. Jesus. But L's again favored how the mighty have fallen. Is it? This is unbelievable. The Dolphins are, are getting points against Will Levis in week four. All right, I gotta see something. Is Will Levis, was he favored three times this year? No, he wasn't favored against the bats. Was he twice? Was he favorite against the bet? No. So I wrapped it up. Yeah.


Alright. Monday night, second game. Pretty good one. Lions against the Seahawks. Yeah. Seahawks a little banged up. So I, I bumped this a little toward the Lions had the Lions by five. We're gonna split it. I said four. It's four and a half. So you win 10 to eight. Wait, we have one more bonus bet on Tuesday night. Midnight East Coast time. The premier of Mr. McMahon on Netflix. Oh yeah. Home game Against the Menendez Brothers six episodes. The monster, the Menendez brothers that's on Netflix right now.


Mr. McMahon. I don't who's favorite in that? Mr. McMahon. I mean, there's two Menendez brothers. Yeah. So that's a, like a double Well can I just say this on your behalf? The Menendez brothers say don't watch it. They're not happy with how they were portrayed. So. Yeah. Although I, I don't know, may maybe Mr. McMahon doesn't either, but, and lemme just say I saw it. Thank you for the advanced screening. Yeah. I fucking loved it. It's like crack cocaine to me and I loved it. Oh, thanks. And I, I wanna, I don't think you had anything to do with it. No, it was great. It was great. You, you, you picked all the perfect spots. Lemme just say that. And I also thought it was fair. That's all I'm gonna say. I appreciate it. We're really proud of it.


I'm trying not to say too much, but Yeah, it premieres Wednesday on Netflix. Your birthday. Yeah. Weirdly my birthday, but it's really Wednesday on Netflix is really late night Tuesday. So Yeah. For the people on the west coast, they're gonna be like, oh, I'm just gonna watch the first one. And I'm telling you, you're gonna be, you're gonna watch at least four. Yeah. It's impossible to watch the first one and stop plan on doing three and three. Yeah. Plan on doing three sessions or four and two. It'll be one of those That's Mr. McMahon is coming on Netflix September 25th. We're gonna take one more break and do a little parent corner.


Thanks again to Workday for sponsoring this segment via finance and HR rockstar with Workday. To learn more, visit Workday com.


Alright. Parent corner, what do you got? So all, well this isn't earth shattering, but this is something I wanna discuss. So my youngest 10-year-old Harris so disappointed me. He actually like burned a little on my stomach when he told me what he had done the other day. And he's in a couple of fantasy leagues, 10 years old, two fantasy leagues, more than enough. And he offered his friend a trade and he told me about it and he offered to give him Zach Ertz lad McConkey and an extra defense of his, he's like you. He dressed like four defenses for no reason. Yeah. So Ertz, McConkey and a defense. I can't remember who for CD lamb. And I had to have a talk with him and I was like, listen, don't be that guy.


Don't be that little dickhead. you need to learn this right now. Yes. Even at age 10, you can't be this guy, guy. People will hate you. First of all, there's a problem. He is like, well he is getting three, I'm getting one. It's like, that doesn't matter. He's gonna have to cut two guys. Yeah. You're giving him crap for a, he would've drafted these idiots two weeks ago if he wanted them instead of CD lamb. You have to, you have to do it. I, this is a more important lesson than respecting your elders or you know, it just do it like being able to practically being able to change a flat tire. You have to offer sensible fantasy trades. I, if I leave you one thing in life, just please do that.


Don't be that A, you'll lose friends over it. People will make fun of you and it's not worth it. And he looked at me like I was nuts and he's like, well, what am I supposed to do? My team? I was like, start dropping defenses first and pick up the white running back on the chiefs. So do something like that, but don't offer. Pick up the guy who gets tackled by the first guy every time he's running into Exactly, yeah. His si sister at a wedding while he was running the ball. But I think this was, I think this is a valuable lesson, right? Like I think this is what is some, some other don't be that guy lessons for a 10-year-old hmming. Like, don't have a crush on the girl that your buddy likes. Yes. Don't do that. That's a, that's a huge one, right?


Don't leave the strip club when it's light. Oh no, no. We already hit that. No, don't, I don't know. I mean I want them to start with this. I think fantasy's important and if he's gonna do this for another 40 or 50 years, like if people do that to him, it's one thing. Just don't, I wanna know that I raised you the right way. You should, you should tell him, don't be like Uncle Brad and draft eight running backs. Have we talked about that on the podcast? I don't think we did our fantasy league at all. Our draft or anything. Yeah. Our friend Brad, who I, I wouldn't say he's playing with a full deck. Is that fair? It's fair. He is gonna kill you, but it's before your birthday. So good for you.


That's true. So that's why I didn't say it. No, it's two full. I think the deck is two full. Let's say that I think he's playing with like 57 cards. He has 56 points today with James Cook left in the docket, but he took eight running backs. So he has James Cook re Stevenson, Rashid White, Najee Harris, Tony Pollard, Aaron Jones, Josh Jacobs and Brian Robinson Jr. Are all on his 18 person team. And we think it's hilarious. 'cause every week he's gonna just try to figure out which two. So this week Aaron Jones is on his bench who had 21 points. Yeah. And instead he started Ram Steven sdo at 0.3 points.


This is why you don't have eight running backs. You're never gonna throw the dart right down in the middle on this. Well, the be even, I wouldn't do this strategy. No, you wouldn't do this. You're right. You, you have more integrity. And, and but, but the better part of it was, I think that it was an auction draft and it was like eight of the first like 25 guys. So if there was a running back, he was driving and like, a lot of times, like I'd nominate James Cook for 10, $15 and he'd be like, who the fuck is that? And then he'd bid on him and he'd take them from me. Like, what are you doing? And he was trying to psych us out. He's, he was demeaning the bid and then he would bid on the guy. Yeah. It was an interesting way to do it. I'm gonna have Harrison trade with him Cross league if it's possible.


It's the only way it's gonna work. My parent corner, my wife said I couldn't do so I'm gonna have to do a historical parent corner. Yeah. We're going back 10 years. 10 years. Exactly. To when you and I did a podcast together. That ended with me getting suspended for three weeks from espn. Oh yeah. Is it 10 years on your birthday? Yeah, it's 10 years. Exactly. It was a Monday. We used to tape the podcast on a Monday afternoon. It was a couple days where the whole Ray Rice thing was happening and all of a sudden Ray Rice was suspended indefinitely. 'cause that TMZ video came out of him assaulting his girlfriend and Goodell suspended him again.


And then there was a whole thing, there was a big piece about it. About how Goodell suspended him. Definitely. 'cause there was information he didn't know when he met with Rice. But then Rice was like, no, no, I told you that. That I actually physically Yeah. Struck with. So basically suspended him twice and I was pointing it out and I was saying he claims he didn't know what happened on that tape. He's a liar. Got a little carried away and the whole thing happened. Suspended for three weeks and we didn't get to do Guest Alliance. Right, right. But we were doing old school. We were on the, we were, we were on the phone doing it that way. You, and then I came back three weeks later. You got one call, you got one free call.


You were my one call every week, by the way. I was right. He did, he did lie because Ray Rice definitely told him in the meeting. Yeah. What happened? And then he somehow got suspended. But if you remember Ray Rice then got exonerated from the second suspension. Right. They overruled it. Yeah. Just pointing that out. Now YouTube's gonna suspend you three weeks. That's great. Well, here's the thing. So my kid, my daughter was I think nine and she came home from school and it was, you know, people were talking about this and she's like, daddy, what happened to you at work? People were saying like, you got, you got in trouble and just was really upset about it. And, and now I feel like if it happened now, she wouldn't care at age 19.


Probably wouldn't even find out for like another two weeks. Well, Ben would be really wrong, but back Ben was really upset. Has no idea. I don't even think Ben knew that Knows, knows that I have a job. But definitely. But anyway, you, when stuff like that happens, you don't realize, like there's this whole family piece of it too, right. Where people are like, Hey, you were right. What's happening? And then your kids are like, what's happening? Are we gonna lose our house? Are we like, you know, this is a nine-year-old. Right? Well that just, you were already, you were already angry. Yeah. Understandably so. And then when the family members who you don't think are gonna be affected are, yeah. It makes it 10 times worse. Stupid. And for what, remember we, we used to tape the pod.


It would be like, 'cause you would have like the Jimmy Kimmel talking points. Yeah's. And we would tape the podcast about the Sunday games at like Monday at like two o'clock West Coast. Yeah. Right. And like hustle it up and the game. Meanwhile the Monday night game was about to start. Now we're doing the live on YouTube. Yeah. Know that's how much things change. Unbelievable. We're that's it for Parent Corner. What else do we have to talk about? Anything? That's it. I'm trying to think. We we did the Emmy's last week got got for me through The Ringer with Tate Wednesdays. Cousin Sal Winning Weekend Friday. Mina Es is a Guest Ringer pregame show. Always great fun. Mina Ks was on Family Feud.


She was right. She was, she Chang had her on on a Family Feud with Pablo and a whole bunch of, bunch of people. Oh, I didn't know. Well she got, she famously won Chang a million dollars or helped him on Oh yeah, on Millionaire. Yeah. So did Kimel ever do Family Feud? No, I don't think so. I mean, I would've known. Yeah, he should. Right? You would've been on Right. The family. So who would've been his five? It would've probably been me and Chippy. Maybe Cousin Mickey and cousin Mickey had, would have to have been one of the, one of the five. Yeah. But she couldn't do the fast money and then Jonathan couldn't do that. Yeah. Maybe Jonathan or, I'm trying to think, I dunno why he never did that. Yeah, we gotta do that. He should do that.


Do that, do that. While Chippy can, can can can still probably get in trouble. Wheel her out. Yes. In a family feud thing, she can curse Steve Harvey also, I should mention against the odds, twice a week, ringer Podcast. Network, the Parlay kid is going for 14 in a row. Baseball picks, I know people, people forgot about baseball but, and he is had some pluses in there. He never goes higher than minus one 30. So, and he is made money for a lot of people. Of course not for himself because he feels like he is gonna jinx it. So check that out. On Against All Odds, I feel like Tani was single handedly bringing baseball back last week. Oh yeah. That was the first time baseball seemed to cross over into some sort of people texting each other.


Did you see what's going on with Tani? And then he had the third one. But I had that list for you actually, we forgot to talk about Brandon. Aubrey, your kicker. There'll be plenty other the weeks to do it. Yeah, well do think about this for next week. Like the, the people who are the absolute best at their jobs, because I feel like he's by far the best field goal kicker now. And Tani is like by far the best baseball player. Would you say Mahomes is by far the best quarterback, best at their job in sports? Best at their job compared to everyone else? They're competing. No, I Bill, I gotta say me here. I don't know, you're leaving me out. I don't. Alright, I wanna think about that because there are people who still claim it's, it's Conor McDavid.


Oh, he's a good one too. So Aubrey today he had an onside kick and it's like, well clearly he's gonna do an incredible onside kick. He's, he's Aubrey. And then of course he's got all course he some, they somehow get the ball back. They set him up for a 65 yarder. They're like, yeah, send him out 65 yards, boom. Nails that I And Brady, I thought was his best point when he was saying he was kind of like Steph Curry, like there's no range for him anymore. Yeah, right. And I was like, you're right. I, there's never been a Ugal kicker where it's like, oh 72. Yeah, he could probably make this. Yeah. We as fans were mad when they passed on the 71 yarder at halftime a couple weeks ago because the special teams coach said no. But the only thing that's gonna suck with Aubrey is next year, late August when he is holding out for $25 million and then Jerry gives him $35 million in September.


But other than that, I'm really excited about this. Your whole s salary cap is four guys and then a bunch of in my thanks. Alright Sal, I will see you next week. Live on YouTube. Good job by you. Alright, don't get suspended. Good job By you buddy. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Cousin Sal, thanks to Steve Saru and Kyle Creighton as always. And don't forget what you can watch this podcast that we just did on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. you can watch the re watchable when it goes up on Monday night on The Ringer movies YouTube channel. you can listen to it. But I'll be back on this feed on Tuesday. So see you in a couple dates.


Must be 21 plus in President select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino, or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope NY or Text HOPE NY in New York.


This episode is brought to you by LinkedIn. When you're a small business owner, every new hire needs to make an immediate impact. Like Xavier worthy already making a big difference with the Chief Speedy guy, find a player you can be confident with LinkedIn Jobs as the world's largest professional network. LinkedIn gives you access to more than a billion professionals with the unique skills and experience you need every minute eight candidates are hired on LinkedIn. So hire professionals like a professional on LinkedIn to post your job for free. Go to LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. That's LinkedIn dot com slash simmons. Post your job for free terms and conditions. Apply.