
Coming up A Two week NBA Power Poll plus half-baked ideas.


Next, this episode of The Bill Simmons Podcast is brought to you by RayBan Meta Smart Glasses built with meta ai. RayBan meta smart glasses react to what you see so you can learn more about the world around you. you can also take hands free photos, videos, send messages, make video calls, even play music and podcasts straight from your glasses with Ray Band Meta.


This episode is brought to you by the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks from the bold new exterior to the performance and tech features like intelligent all-wheel drive and a Bose personal plus sound system. Cars where I live, I live in the Los Angeles area and cars are one of the most important things you can have 'cause you're in them a lot because you gotta drive around all over the place. You know what's fun? To have a nice car for an everyday commute to have music and the ability to do hands free stuff and just to feel safe you can do it. Drive the all new Reimagined Nissan kicks today. Head over to Nissan USA to learn more. Bose Personal plus sound system is an available feature. Bose is a registered trademark in the Bose Corporation. Intelligent all wheel drive cannot prevent collisions or provide enhanced traction in all conditions. Always monitor traffic and weather conditions


we're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network Put up a new re watchable on Monday night. It is the 40th anniversary. Give or take a couple weeks of body double the belated Brian Depal MCC Classic had such a good time on this one. Me, Chris Ryan, Sean Fantasy. A lot of laughs, some lines were crossed. you can watch it on The Ringer movies, YouTube channel as well. You can watch all the clips and videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. Coming up on this pod. I'm going to do A Two week NBA Power Pull. There's no games tonight and there were 15 games last night, so wrote down a bunch of notes. I was working on this the last two days. We're gonna count down the teams from 30 to one and then after that our old Frank Kevin Wildes is coming on.


We're gonna talk candy for actually a long time. Drake May, Patrick Mahomes. And then a heaping healthy batch of half Baked Ideas. I wanna put this up early today because I am hoping everybody is out there voting. you can listen to this when you're in line on your headphones, on your AirPods, whatever you listen to. In my case, the wire pods, we come up with the name of those yet you can listen to when you're driving to go vote when you're taking the bus or the train to go vote. But I hope you're voting and I stayed out of the election this time around on the podcast, but you know where I stand. It's the same place I stood every four years. But I thought this time around we would keep the podcast around the stuff that people come for it for and you know, if you wanna consume politics there's plenty of places to do it, but you know where I stand.


Anyway, we're gonna bring in the power pole in one second. First our friends Pearl Jam. All right, I'm taping this Tuesday morning. There are no NBA games today, which is the perfect time to do a power pole after two weeks. We did this last year, we did this the year before, counting backwards with tears from 30 to one.


We have a nice little two week sample size here. So first category, there's only one team in it and it's called Poop for Coop. You could also talk me in a SAG for flag. You could have talked me in a poop scooper for Cooper, but I think poop for Cooper is is the right one for this. And this is basically just Utah 30th offense minus 14.4 net rating already. I don't know what's going on with this team. And I think the thing is they know they wanna stink. One of the things they're doing, they're putting a a lot of eggs in the Ke George basket who I actually, I'm not against. Like he might have potential down the road, but he has the ball a lot.


He's shooting 33%, 29% from three when he is out there minus 22.3 net. And he's a young player that you're getting good reps for. So it's actually like he's probably one of the best tanking assets in the week. 'cause maybe four years from now he'll be really good. There is no path for this team to be good. They're in a conference that's way better than the other conference. if you look at the standings, I think there's only two teams in the east that have an above 500 record right now. The West is absolutely ridiculously loaded and Utah is the stinker in the west. So they are number 30. Next category is the pre tankers. I think these are teams that haven't admitted yet that they wanna tank, but they'll get there.


They're gonna get there, especially as Cooper Flag starts looking better and better in these Duke games. Number 29, Toronto. So 29th in defense and it feels worse. They've lost Scotty Barnes for at least three weeks. Illa talked about this when we did the over under podcast. There's really no path for them to be good, especially defensively. I don't really know what this team is. I do know that I like Grady Dick. So you got that going. But I wonder like as the season goes along, does Jako Purto become a trade piece for them anyway that not a very fun team to watch, not a fan. Number 28 Washington who I watched a lot of last night in the the Golden State game, which they hung around.


They hung around. They might've nailed the draft house was texting me about this. This is the 2024 draft legendarily bad. I don't think we have a rookie averaging 11 points a game right now and, and everybody is either kind of lukewarm or kind of okay with who they picked. Washington's fired up Sar Bub Carrington George who's grown to six foot eight. They were talking about how his growth plates, he might be able to get to six foot 10. The guy with averaged like seven points a game last year at Miami. But they, this team plays hard. Draymond called it out after the game last night. He, he just talked about that was the hardest. He'd seen a Wizards team play in a while. Now that's gonna change when Kyle Kuzma comes back.


Shots at Kyle. Sorry. But I also like Kula ball, I like kisser and there's something here. So this is like a very fun bad team that I think at least has a little bit of hope. Maybe get another top three pick not against this team. Number 27 Charlotte 30th defensive rating feels worse. This is a team you can catch for a quarter on League Pass and they look great but, but ultimately they can't stop anybody. Lalo, good stats, bad team. We might have to wait the the five year waiting period for the Hall of Fame. He's putting up giant stats and the team loses and this has just been his entire career. Now you could argue if you just switched him with Halliburton in Indiana, could he be really good on the Pacers?


Probably. But I'm just from a results standpoint, it has not been great for him. And then the last team, number 26 and the pre tankers, the Atlanta Hawks. Oh no they can't tank. They don't have their pick. Yikes. I really like this team on opening night. Since then they've lost Bogdanovich. They lost Hunter, they lost Buffin. They, they basically lost a lot of their wings, which I think is what made them interesting. And they also are having Trey Young's worst year ever. Like all his shooting stats have been awful. I still kind of like this team. I wanna see when everybody comes back. But the problem for them is there's, you could say if they had their number more pick, they'd be like, oh shit, well what's zag the other way?


But you can't zag when you don't have a pick. So they're in the pre tanker category without a first run pick. I dunno what to tell you. Next category. Potentially Frisky, probably harmless Portland number 25. They have size, they have wings who can create shots. They have Scoot who is starting to go downhill a little bit more. SSC and I, this is probably one third of our techs because I think we own all those Scoot stock at this point it's, it's like a dollar stock, but he looks better than he did last year and they kind of need him. I'm not against this team.


I actually kind of like watching them. I think they've been a really strong league pass team on the west coast 28th on offense. Feels like that could be better. So we'll see. They'll probably end up tanking one more time. But there's some pieces here and there's some trade Bay pieces too. Plus Robert Williams coming back. Number 24, Detroit beat the Lakers last night. Good news for them. They, they have a coach that's not in a coma so that's a bonus. Cade and Ivy averaging almost 43 points a game. And this team rebounds, they're out rebounding teams by seven A game. They were, they were kind of standing up to the Lakers physically last night and they legitimately beat the Lakers. I didn't even think like Detroit played amazing. I just think they had a deeper team with sub size and even though Davis went off, they still won the game.


Detroit's interesting 'cause Tobias hasn't shot well yet. I think he's shooting like 18% from three. So I'm watching them because that's like a night to night. They're like a 10 point underdog against whoever and they win the game like that. There's something dangerous about them. And Cade's been they good but he's still at five turnovers the game. I feel like there's another level for him. I kind of like Detroit Chicago number 23. This has been a league pass revelation. They're first in pace, they're 28th last year they just pushed the ball and shoot threes. They're 43.1, 3.33 point shots. A game they're making over 16, they're shooting 38%.


Levine is averaging 22 a game. 50 46, 82 percentages and just dying for somebody to pay a trade for 'em. Maybe it'll be the Lakers. On the flip side, somebody is scoring 70 point something this year and I don't know who it is. There's about nine candidates but they're gonna give up a 70 point game this year because they can't stop anything. But I kind of like how they play. They play like, like one of those European Olympic teams that just pushes the ball that has a center that can can pass and create shots and they can do small ball lineups and I've enjoyed the balls. Thumbs up. Good to see Josh Giddy finally on a team that's given him the car keys a little bit too. Number 22, the biggest surprise of the season, Brooklyn now house and I went over for them 18 and a half wins before the season because we thought they had a lot of competent basketball players.


And as the season has unfolded here for two weeks, Schroder Claxton, cam Thomas is like 27 a game. Cam Johnson, Finn Smith, the 20 minutes of Simmons a game. Like they're actually a little too competent. And you think about the trades that they made before the year where they got their own pick back and it seemed like there was this whole tanking plan. I don't know what they're gonna do now because the east just isn't good. Like we have, you know, seven, eight teams and then it's like this massive drop off to everybody else and there's gonna be a playing team that's like, all right, fine, we'll make the plan. It might be Brooklyn Schroder's playing great.


Schroder is a legitimate trade asset. I think he's at 12 million. He's a fun one for a bunch of different teams. I would've said Orlando, but I kind of want them to just ride with Anthony Black anyway. Could they package Schroder and Finny Smith to the Lakers for the dlo contract, Christian Wood something else and get one of those first round picks from the Lakers that they're still hoarding. They probably could. Would that be a good trade for the Lakers? It actually would be. I'll get to that later. But Brooklyn at 22 and you can make a case they should be higher because I have some teams that have been playing awful ahead of them. Number 21, the last team in this group, San Antonio, 28th offensive rating, ninth on defense.


The went beyond off stats are are like genuinely hilarious. I think they're like, it's like a plus 40 swing or something crazy. They're seeing 32% from three Deel has been out. Sohan made a made a little mini leap now that they're not forcing him to bring the ball up. I'm not sure what this team is yet, but defensively they're not nothing. They blew a huge lead to the Clippers last night. I haven't loved what I've seen from Weby this year and he doesn't really see me any different to me from last year. And I was talking to Termin and Eddie about this on their serious show the other day. It just feels like he's too far from the basket again. And last year they rectified this in the like basically the last two months of the season they just had him around the basket more where he can use his size, his length, his long arms, his pretty Kruger arms and just kind of be around the rim.


And this year they, they seem like they've doubled down on making him more of a ball handle or not. I don't like it. So Chris Paul not washed. I can't say he is the point guy anymore, but not terrible. We'll see whether he makes sense for them or somebody else. But the west is so good, it's probably gonna make sense for them to, to try to tank and do one more tanking session. All right, the next category is fantastic. There's five teams in it and it's called panic time with three exclamation points. It's not just panic time, it's panic time with three exclamation points. Number 20, new Orleans just guys keep getting hurt.


Murphy's been out the whole year. Herb Jones got hurt CJ's out, which not the worst thing in the world 'cause now it's Jordan Hawkins time and I like Jordan Hawkins even though he is not good on defense but Missy's not bad as a center but they still need a center. And they have Ingram doing an an amazing trade bait season where he is basically 24 a night. He's borderline 50, 40, 90 guy and he's an expiring contract and somebody will talk themselves into him because it doesn't seem like they wanna pay him. I guess the big I, and it's early, it's two weeks, but the thing that's concerning to me is Zion year five. So year five, year five, year six, can't even remember how many years he's been in the week.


Field goal percentage is rough. Remember he was like a 60% field goal guy. So last three years, 61% last year, 57% and this year's 44% and his shots just not going in. And I actually thought he would be a better scorer as his career aged. He seemed like he was in good shape. So I'm just watching that. It's early in general, super early with New Orleans. They have a bunch of trade possibilities. They year six resigns reminds me they have a bunch of, of of picks and and things they can do. The problem in the west is it might make more sense for them to punt on the year if they fall way behind with all these injuries.


We'll see what happens. Not counting them out yet. Milwaukee number 19, they have, they're tied for the worst record in the league. They're one in six, they're over under, has dropped 2 45 and Half on FanDuel And I watched their last two games closely against the Cavs, including last night where they did not have Giannis. They're basically the Midwest Lakers. They have an awesome big man. They have an aging offensive star who doesn't play defense. They have nobody else in the team who can play defense. They have no bench. And unlike the Lakers, there's no fixes because if you look at what they can do, they can trade Dame I guess they have Conant and Portis at 22 million combined for this year and next year.


And Portis has been really bad this year. The the net rating stats with him are terrible. The eye test defensively, he's really hurting them and that's really all they can do is package those guys together with, I don't even know what 'cause they don't have any picks left. I keep thinking about Doc who was in such a great stu great spot here in la. He was coming on my podcast, he was playing golf, he was doing TV great times and then Giannis got dangled in front of him and he jumped at it and he's on this team that I don't see any conceivable way. This team is a contender. I felt that way fairly strongly before the year except for the Giannis piece.


Giannis has been awesome and they're one and six. I don't see a fix defensively, we've talked about it already in this pod, but it's, it's an atrocious defensive team. You look at every night after night, after night after night last night it was Garland. Garland was getting whatever he wanted. They had no chance. They're playing guys and crunch time. That would not even play for the Celtics or the Thunder. So I don't know what the fix is. I'm not counting out anything with Giannis yet. That's why I have 'em 19 and not 28 or 27 where they should be. But really rough, really rough with no fixes. And Doc, come back to the podcast, just move back to LA make, make believe this was like a dream sequence on the Sopranos.


Just come back, get out of there. Number 18, the LA Clippers. I saw these guys on Saturday night, they played Oklahoma City, they played really well for about a quarter and a half, two quarters. And unfortunately for them KC is is just a ridiculous beast of a team where they bring in their bench and their bench is Alex Caruso and Kason Wallace. And those are their defensive guards coming off the bench. So poor Harden who is having a great season, like for him, he is averaging almost a triple double. He is 21 9 and ten three point shots down to below 30% and he's on a team that has no chance to do anything but he's having a great time.


He has the ball all the time. He's with Norm Powell who's somehow averaging 25 points a game. Not sure that's sustainable but you, you go against a team like OKC and you realize what a chasm it is. Where the equippers, where they are without Kauai versus teams like the Celtics and OKC and Cleveland, these teams that have really good starting fives in depth and the Clippers are a million miles away. I still don't understand why they didn't sign Paul George I, when you go into that arena, the amount of money they spent, which it just seems like one of those like crazy mansions you see in the Rob report where you're like, wow, that guy spent $200 million on a house. That's what Bal Baller did with that arena.


And yet Paul George, he was like, ah, too rich for my blood. Doesn't really make sense. This team has no path. It was weird seeing Kawhi there on the on the bench just kind of being like, Hey guys, go get him. And I, I don't see a path for him to be an NBA player anymore. It just seems like there's been too many knee injuries. So anyway, the biggest problem with them just as a night to night team because they're really good defensively when they wanna be, but they're starting lineups terrible. Nobody can create a shot for anyone else except for Harden. And they're not a very good three point shooting team either 12 for 34 basically every game for the season.


So this is going to be a lottery team. I had them under 37 and Half wins in the over under is a lock. And I still feel good about that because I do not see enough talent on this team. Team number 17, sadly Orlando, I would've had them number six before the Palo injury. Just a huge bummer. They're saying four to six weeks, which in NBA speak means two months. That ruins his all NBA chances 'cause he's not gonna play enough games. I think it also ruins their chance to be a top three seed, which they absolutely, positively would've been no question. Now offensively they're challenged and I guess if you're gonna spin into a positive no, Palo means, Hey Franz, let's see it.


Step up. Can you be a CrunchTime guy near the end of games? Anthony Black, can you create some shots in the fourth quarter? Suggs, how much is in there? I mean I have Suggs, Suggs to me is now a top 50 guy. Like we're handing in Ringer 100 next week. I don't know how high Suggs is gonna be, but he is in that 40 to 50 range at least he is probably the best offensive guard in the league. And offensively he's gotten better every year and he is, I think 18 points a game and creating offense for them sometimes. So could they patch something together that would give them confidence when Paolo comes back? Maybe I was thinking speaking of Suggs, the 2021 redraft, if you're gonna do it just quickly, this would probably have been a better podcast, but I'm just would go if redrafted that draft I think is still first.


And I'm not just saying that because I'm over leveraged with Mov stock. He's been awesome this year for him. Cade I think has to be second and I have Suggs third. Suggs was the fifth pick in the draft. I think he goes three if we do it again. Jalen Johnson, I have fourth she goons fifth, he went 16th in the draft. Jalen Johnson won 20. So those would be the top five. Then I got Scotty, Trey Murphy, Franz, herb Jones, Jalen Green as three year run of putting Herb Jones ahead of Jalen Green for me. And then Josh Giddy. I think that would be the redraft. Now people would argue with the Jalen green part, maybe put him up.


I want I, and I'm willing to accept that argument. I wanna see a couple more weeks because that Houston team as we'll get to after the break is still trying to figure out what they're doing. Anyway, the point is I think if you're doing that draft again, Suggs would be third because he's that good and he is been that important to them and he's that unusual as a player. I mean, could he be the third best player in the title team? I think he could. Number 16, the Lakers 25th defensive rating. I left at a trade game last night thinking how do we get Anthony Davis more help? It was a joke. Dlo Reeves, LeBron Rui and Davis as your crunch time team.


Good luck getting stops. If you're a wing or a point guard, it's much like the Milwaukee situation. You're scoring on everybody that team has and really the the reason, I mean they beat Phoenix twice because Davis just owns Nor. And both of those games, you know are pretty close. But the real reason their record isn't as bad as I think it probably should be considering their bench is so bad that JJ could become a player coach, like what we used to have in the 1970s and he'd probably be like the eighth man on the team. The reason their record is better than maybe it should be and maybe the eye test says that they're a little better than I think they are is they just shoot a ton of free throws.


They're shooting almost 10 free throws attempts more than their opponents 9.7 to be exact for the season 207 free throw attempts to 132. I'm positive they don't go to the rim that much more than everybody else. But that's part of what happens when you're the Lakers, you and you have LeBron on your team and you're 22, you're gonna get some calls. But with the free throw attempt luck that they've had, if you wanna call it luck could also call it something else. I think the fact that they're basically a 500 team, not a great sign for the Lakers and this is another much like Milwaukee. What's the fix? Like you hope Jared Vanderbilt comes back that's not gonna help them with three point shooting Ru I've been saying this especially after the first two games games and Ru looked really good and all the Waker friends like, oh Rui, oh, oh Rui Ru's Trick or Treat.


That's just who he is. Rui is the same guy who will go one for five in a game like he did last night. That's just who he is. He's in his like mid twenties now. He is been in the league for a few years. That's who he is. He just gotta accept it. So the defense, the health of LeBron in year 22, can he play 70 games? Davis fell down last night, it looked like he was gonna be out then he got back up but I I still, they over under was 42 and A Two JJ is definitely a better coach than Darvin Ham. They might need to start playing connect more. That's not gonna help with with their defense, but at least it'll help them with the shooting. They still have a DLO trade to make, which I'm sure will will be getting passive aggressive hints about fairly soon.


I I have it on my calendar for November 15th. But, but they, to me, they, they just seem pretty far away from the best teams in the league at this point. So that's what I have. That's the top 15. We're gonna take a break and we're gonna come back with the rest of the list.


The NBA's back and FanDuel is America's number one sports book. They want you to catch all the action right now. FanDuel giving everyone three months of NBA League pass. All you have to do to catch every tip off a buzzer beater is to place a $5 bet on the NBA. And it could be any $5 bet you could say to yourself, you know what kind of enjoying how frisky Brooklyn is start of the season. That's too many points. Just points. Grab Brooklyn plus 10 against a better team and watch Crunch time. All of a sudden they're kind of lingering around there. I have enjoyed a bunch of these teams, especially watching. Is Cleveland real? Are they a contender? Well we're gonna find out. you can bet on them. you can throw them in a parlay next time you get a hunch on who's gonna win or how many points a player will score. Watch your picks. Come to live. Live. Just visit FanDuel dot com slash bs and get three months of NBA League pass courtesy of FanDuel. Once again, FanDuel dot com slash bs. Make every moment more with FanDuel and official Sportsbook partner the nba. You must be 21 plus in President. Select states are 18 plus and president in dc. After three month free trial, the full price of League Pass will be automatically charged monthly. Cancel any anytime. No refunds, terms restrictions that embargoes apply. Limit OnePass per customer. See terms@sportsbook.fando.com. Gamb problem call one eight gambler. Visit RG help com.


This episode is brought to by Michelob ULTRA. The NBA is back and you know what that means? So is Mick Loeb ULTRA courtside. It gets fans closer to the game, the stories, the players, the celebrations and it's a pretty damn good beer. Stock up your fridge with Michelob ULTRA and be ready for the big plays all season long. Learn negative. Get closer to the action by visiting Michelob b ULTRA dot com slash courtside Michelob b ULTRA superior access Courtside 24 25 sweepstakes. No purchase necessary open to us residents. 21 plus begins on 10, 1 24 goes through 7 1 25. Visit mick locher.com/courtside for free entry, entry de deadlines and official rules void where prohibited.


Coming back from a break Sir Rudy said that during the break that the Scotty Barnes fans are gonna be mad that I had suggs over him in a redraft. And you know what I put real thought into it and I'd rather have Suggs, sorry, I think Suggs is a winning player. We'll see what Scotty Barnes, he might be, but I haven't seen it yet. All right. The top 15 this tier is called Feeling It Out and I'm not even sure what we're feeling but we have number 15, the Miami Heat. They beat Washington and Charlotte and Detroit. Congratulations. I think it's very possible they're the good bad team. Much like the Denver Broncos.


I said this on Termin and Eddie's show and I genuinely believe it. I think it's over for these guys. I think the league just got better and they stayed the same and I watched them and they, they don't seem that special defensively. I don't think they, they seem like, you know, really good or anything crunch time. I always feel like the guy on the other team has just as good of a chance of scoring whoever the best guy is that they're playing as the guys that they have. And they just seem like they missed their window, you know, which was a great window by the way. They made the finals in 2020. They made the finals in 2023.


You know, they had a really nice four year run. They battled Boston, this was great, but now Butler's 35, you know, they put a lot of ba a lot of eggs in the Jovic basket. I'm not seeing it. And you know, there's, there's panic traits to make. Like would Milwaukee except Hero and Duncan Robinson and a pick for Dame tomorrow? They probably would, but I don't see it with them and I don't think that's a controversial opinion. I just think that I, I just feel like they're at a different phase of whatever journey they're on. They're gonna be mentioning the Yas a ton. Like get ready for that machine to start the, and and basically that would be Autobi.


I would have to be in the Trade Plus picks and you know, is that a better situation than the one Giannis is in Now if, if ba, if BA's in the trade, I don't know but I think this team's gonna be a lot of trade rumors and I'm gonna be really interested to see if Butler's on this team in February because if I had to bet I would say it's 50 50 and I would probably bet on, no we'll see Memphis number 14. This is a classic feeling it out team, you know, jaw's not even playing 30 minutes a game yet. Last night he had a couple Ja highlight, highlight real plays that only he can do. I think he's ready to take his cornerback from Edwards as the most beloved under 26 American guy in the league.


Their 10th offensive rating. They lucked out again. But it's not luck 'cause Memphis keeps doing this but Scotty Pippen Jr. Who I saw in person last year when I took my daughter to an absolutely terrible Celtics Grizzlies game and Scotty Pippen Jr. Just looked like an NBA player and I kind of filed it away. I was like hmm, that's interesting. He's turned into a legitimately good backup player. And then Huff, who I'd never heard of and I watched the NBA every night and I barely remember that he was in Denver last year and they've turned in him into a really good backup. Big hard to believe the nuggets didn't have use for him. Somebody get Calvin Boost some coffee, we'll see Bain is hurt, smart's hurt.


Now smart was 23% field goal, 17% from three before he got hurt and looked slow and Doy to me. We'll see if he's at a different point in his career because I have a feeling he is. But you know, maybe they have three, four months to ramp him up and get him where they need him to be. This team I I, you could pick any direction for them and I would believe it. You could tell me they're never gonna get their shit together. You could tell me they're gonna win 49 games. I'll believe anything. Pretty fun. League Pass team though all their games seem to be close. I don't think they're the same defensively as they used to be but we'll see when they get everybody back. The last feeling at our team is Philadelphia. So Paul George came back last night against the sons and some really interesting crunch time stuff with them 'cause the suns couldn't stop Maxi.


And then in the last four minutes Maxi just didn't, never had the ball. Yaba took a few shots in a row and then the biggest shot of the game Paul George took and it was a contested 21 footer and of course he missed it and I think he was four for 14 for the game. And I was watching Max's body language just standing on the side as Paul George decided the game and he was kind of like what the fuck is going on? It made me think when em beat comes back, that's gonna be even more notable with what happens there. I was thinking about Philly a lot before the season. I meant to say this on the over under pod and I didn't, but when you put like three guys together like this, there has to be some sort of sacrifice in place with the three.


Right Now think about the 2008 Celtics is a good example not to bring the Celtics into this. I swear I wasn't looking for an excuse but go back and go back and read anything about that team that year. you can watch the documentary we have coming in six months, five months, four months, whatever it's kg. Paul Pierce, Ray Allen and Doc brought him in and Doc was like, you guys are gonna have to sacrifice. You don't all get to shoot 20 shots a game anymore. They were all at the point of their career that they were ready to make sacrifices because they'd all done a bunch of great stuff on their own right? Paul Pierce had been the best player in the Celtics for almost a decade. He'd averaged 26 game.


Ray Allen had almost made the finals in 2001 and it got rudely taken from him by the refs and David Stern, we don't have to talk about that now, but he had been a real guy in his own and and had plenty of shots. Garnet had been an MVP in in in Minnesota in 2004 and just wanted to win. And all those guys were at the point of their career where they wanted to give up something. So you look at the Sixers team, you could argue Paul George is at that point of his career, right? He's been on a bunch of good teams, he's been close. Maybe that's somebody who will sacrifice and bead, no comment. And then Maxie is the one that's interesting because when you're, when you're asking three guys to sacrifice and be all right this game, you're gonna be the one that stands in the side.


You're gonna be the one that only shoots 12 times. Maxie doesn't know who he is as a player yet he doesn't know how good he is yet he, for all he knows, he might be one of the 10 best players in the league a year from now and he's just blossoming and figuring out like what is the ceiling, how many floors does this go up? And now you're asking him to sacrifice and he is sacrificing something that he hasn't even achieved yet. So I'm just flagging it because when you're asking young players who haven't hit their potential yet and he's a special player, I think he's the most beloved six. I don't think there's any question. I think if, if you are asking Sixers fans protect one person on this team, they'll pick Maxi and he's still figuring out who he is as a player.


So from a sacrifice element, that's the main thing I'm watching. You're asking three guys to sacrifice and they're not at the right point of their careers as a threesome yet the the supporting cast Jelli I think was a good signing. I like Caleb Barton not willing to rule this team out, especially when there's only two above 500 east teams right now. The Embiid thing is just gonna be a soap opera all season and they weren't honest about it before the year. There had been rumors and they weren't even rumors 'cause people were telling me this in September that his knee wasn't right. So we'll see. He's had a bunch of surgeries, he's had a bunch of things happen to him and I just don't think you can count on him week to week as a reliable person who's gonna be in the rotation.


It only matters in the playoffs. But I also think this is what the Clippers did with Kauai for four years and it never worked out. So we'll see how it goes but I'm really interested in the sacrifice piece of it. I was thinking about it last night as Max's just standing there on the side watching Paul George and Max's probably thinking this should be my team. We'll see how it plays out. Next category, trust the process. Number 12, Sacramento, fifth and offensive rating. Even though they're only 33% from three, this is a team, you watch 'em at the end of games and they almost have too many crunch time options, right? They got Malik Monk, they have Fox and now they have Der Rosen.


All three guys I really like with the ball with like a minute left and a one point game. So they have to navigate that piece. They also, I don't love their bench even though herder's playing better this year. Lyles Len McDermott it, it just feels like a six man team and that's the pain on how you feel about Ellis. But you know they missed on Davion Mitchell in in 2021 with the ninth pick and then they took Carter thir 13th in June and he's not coming back till some point in the winter. But it feels like they're a guy short. They have picks, they have things to trade. I'm watching them. That's a possible trade partner for Brooklyn or any of these other teams that have some sort of veteran between like 9 million and 18 million.


Utah's another one with Clarkson and Sexton, we'll see what they do. Number 11, I have Indiana who has the 25th defensive rating and is just getting a weird Halliburton season. He looked more like himself last night against Dallas. He had a 24 and 12 you think last year, the first 31 games of the year. He was 24 and 13, 50% shooting 41% from three and was probably the most fun guard in the league. And then he got hurt and never really came back. And this year before the Dallas game last night he was 33%, 24% from three 14 and seven and it was worse than that 'cause if you watched it, it didn't seem like he had the same confidence in his legs.


It didn't seem like he was going downhill the same way. It didn't that crazy 25 foot three point shot that he would take that always went in last year. It didn't seem like he even thought it was going in this year. So you know, I'm not panicking about him yet, but it's notable that he hasn't been that good because math came back 16 points a game for him and is a crunch time guy. Smid just got hurt. Not sure when he's coming back but I'd still believe in these guys. I have 'em 11th but really only because we haven't seen them all healthy yet. They had a couple of bench guys go down. I still believe in these guys and I still think night to night they're scared to play and they know who they are.


They have an identity. They beat the Celtics in OT already, so 11 seems right for them. 10th Houston, ninth in offense. 10 in defense for for the ratings they're shooting. 43 is a game. They're only making 32% partly 'cause man has kind of sucked this year he is 28% for three. I'm not positive he should be in their best lineup. You could talk me into like them just going bigger and just playing, having Jalen Green bring the ball up when there's four minutes left and just go with wings and size. It's a really interesting team to coach and I, I don't think U Doka knows who his guys are yet and he's been expanding like she goon like I think he played only 21 minutes in the Warriors game last night.


He played a bunch. He seems like he really likes Easton and Ahman Thompson And. guess what? Join the club 'cause I really like those guys too. Those guys are hard to keep outta the game in crunch time because of the defense and the versatility and the athleticism. Ahman Thompson, I threw him in a Butler trade If they wanna do a three for one like I don't know a week ago I'd like to recant that I don't I, he might be a top 40 trade value guy for me at this point but I'm not sure what their, what the version of their best team is yet and whether they need to turn Brooks and Cam Whitmore and I don't know what else into and some picks into one more awesome piece or whether they just ride it this year 'cause they're not gonna win the title.


Their top five league pass Team Whitmore had a DNP on Monday night, which I thought was notable because I feel like they could get something for him. I think he could really help somebody off the bench. But this is a team that has different looks night to night and I think they might be the league pass MVP for me. I never know who's finishing games for them. Sheung Goon might have a 30 20 any night. Jalen Green might have 40 points any night every time Reed Shepherd's in. I'm mesmerized because he's basically Mark Price on the 1991 Cavaliers back. Really like this Houston team. They're in a great spot. Congratulations Houston Fi number nine, last person in this trusted process category.


Last team is Denver. So you know there's been a lot of KCP stuff this first couple weeks. Brown's been good. Their starting lineup is plus 14.9 net. It's been their bench that's killing them. The fact that the Westbrook was pretty good last night playing for Murray, the bench hasn't been good enough and then Murray's just not the same guy and that's it. We could talk about the bench, we could talk about the league getting better. But Murray in the 2023 playoffs, it was 26 a game, 47% field goal, 40% three 7.1 assists and this year he's 16 points a game. 4.4 assists 37%, 30% from three and Itest backs it up.


He just looks slower, he has trouble getting his shot off and that's the guy to watch because if he's not back to 2023 Murray by April, this team is has no chance of winning the title no matter how good Yoko is. Next category, the sleeper. So this was my hardest one in the power pull Golden state who I think you could argue probably should be in the top five with how they've looked and I just, I don't wanna shoot my what on that one yet. They got Boston. Cleveland OKC is their next three games not great. That's probably the the one of the all time gauntlets you're gonna have in a regular season this decade.


Their second and defensive rating, which is something Steve Kerr was talking about a lot in the preseason that he really liked how this team was defending. They're playing Draymond with TJDA little bit. He played 12 guys the first couple games, which I don't know if that was a trade bait thing or what the plan was with that. As you know I'm morally opposed to 12 main rotations but I think he kind of wanted to see what he had almost treated like a college team. The big thing for them is the buddy healed in the clay spot has been amazing. He's 22 a game in 25.5 minutes making five threes a game for all time heat check seasons like the the Pantheon all time heat check season ever was John Drew in 1983 averaging 21.2 points a game in 27 minutes.


One of my favorites, Freeman Williams in 19 80, 18 0.6 points a game in 25.8 minutes. Buddy's 22 and 25 and a half minutes, which might be as close as we've gotten to minutes and points for anyone playing under 27 game. But they've unleashed him. I think they really believe in him. The shooting coach was his coach for The Bahamas and and they've just basically running all the clay stuff for him and it's going great. Curry came back, this team's better than I thought it was gonna be. I think I went over, didn't do a lock or anything but but with their depth which you need in the regular season. I think this team, this is a high forties team I think. I think they have a lot of options and they have curry.


Okay, next category, definitely lurking. So we have four teams in here. Number seven is the Knicks, this is weird. Third offensive rating, 19th defensive rating. Fifth overall, I don't know if you saw towns last week, but he eviscerated Babi and it was notable and I don't know if there was a history with those guys or what was happening but he absolutely destroyed them. That plus the towns Brunson high screen, which I think is probably a top five unstoppable NBA play right now. I don't really know what you do because you, you basically have to settle for town shooting from 25 feet wide open 'cause you don't wanna, you don't wanna have Brunson basically attacking your big guy.


That plays great. I love how towns is fit in. Their bench sucks. They're 7, 8, 9, 10 right now as pain sims dot and hook port. I know the Knicks fans are like well we got Butcher Robinson coming back. Well he play, he gets hurt every year. The big thing for me is what was the point of the Bridges trade for all the stuff they gave up, which I know they had to but they gave up a fucking shitload for him. And then when you watch the Knicks play, he's basically Nikal Alexander Walker on the side and for what they gave up for him for how kind of little they use him, it's, it's kind of shocking. Like he's like a 15 points a game guy, he just stands in the corner and crunch time.


I thought he would be way more involved with their offense and you know you think like if Giannis is really gonna be available over these next couple weeks, months, six months, they shot their WA on this Bridges package and you know they could have just done the towns thing. They could have kept everything else they had and kind of waited but they, they went all in. I defended it last summer. It made sense to me but I thought that they'd used Bridges as more than just like this complimentary player. So maybe it's gotta sort itself out but I'm just watching that because he just seems irrelevant sometimes for them and I don't, I don't like it. So if you're gonna give up that many picks for somebody, maybe maybe use them.


Number six, Minnesota minus 0.4 net 18th defense Edwards has been the story 'cause of all the threes he is taken, which by the way if he's gonna take 12 threes a game and make 43% of 'em knock yourself out. I like how Randall's looked offensively for them. He is almost 23 a game. It's a little clumsy sometimes but you know, their defense is is obviously worse. One of the reasons it's worse is McDaniels is basically un employable. He is sucked since the Dallas series. McDaniel's, Vincenzo and Conley are basically at 30% shooting threes this year. And that's, that's why I think they haven't looked like maybe we thought they'd look yet but I'm watching the McDaniel's thing 'cause they gave him an extension and Alexander Walker's just them.


So is he a possible trade piece for them? Can they get him going? But this started in the playoffs last year and it hasn't gotten better. And you think like one of the reasons their defense looked like one of the best defenses in the last 20 years in the first runs of the playoffs was because the size of Townsend go bear and then what McDaniels and Edwards were able to do together and now McDaniels is in a complete funk so watch out for that one. Number five is Phoenix. Somehow only a 16th offensive rating. Which doesn't make sense when you're watching them because KD and Booker and Bill are almost nine threes a game, 42% from three Katie's 27 a game, 55% shooting his crunch time stuff is as good as it's ever been.


It's unbelievable. I mean he, he was in the 2007 draft. I think everybody from that draft is gone except for Horford and Conley who are like role players at this point and Katie's like beating double teams off the dribble and you know, he's going by whoever he wants. He's been awesome. I think he's, he might be, it's him and Tatum I think as the MVP through two weeks. Just 'cause of how much they've meant to their teams and how good they've been So. it turns out having a point guard helps. Who could have guessed we only had 77 years of of basketball history there. They now get fast breaks. They now get KD rolling off stuff. Still some weird fourth quarter shit with them.


The thing I still don't love against certain teams like Davis owns him but I think Phoenix is where they wanna be. That was one of the teams we went big on before the season and you know they have one loss, they're doing great so I almost put them in the, in the contender category but I still don't think they know who their fifth guy is. Like they were putting Ryan Dunn in there but team started leaving him open and they, they need to figure out Bill kd, Booker Nage O'Neill I guess. I guess that's the five I, I kind of like it more sometimes when isn't in there and they just go smaller and they have shooting all over the place. But I'm feeling good about Phoenix.


Good to see coach. But on the sidelines again the contenders I have Dallas, four other people would have them a little further back 'cause they haven't been playing that great. They're 15th in offense. Eighth in defense, PJ Washington who beat OKC last year 'cause he made all those corner threes and they haven't gone in since. The big thing for me is Luca who the, the MVP is sitting there for him now. Like Giannis is out, YOIC is gonna be out 'cause Denver's not gonna be good enough and beads not gonna play enough. Tatum who has, I think he's averaging 13 points a game in the first quarters but the Celtics are blowing all these teams out so he's not even playing enough minutes to like pat his stats.


But he's been great. Katie's in there but it just feels like Luca if, if he goes on a tear he is gonna be the easy MVP favorite. He's only 28 a game. 40% field goal, 31% from three. So I'm sure that's gonna flip. I'm sure he is gonna have like 72 points against the bulls and all of a sudden all those numbers will go up. But just feels first two weeks, hasn't, hasn't gotten it going. It's fun to see Clay on this team. I still feel like he's a little too involved 'cause he's Clay Thompson. But you know, in crunch time I kind of want the ball with Luca and Kyrie and just stand in the corner, clay Thompson. But their starting lineups suck too, so they gotta figure that piece out.


Why is, why do they get better as soon as live that comes in? Maybe he should just start and play more minutes. Number three, Cleveland Home run first two weeks for them they're eight and oh this was another team we went big on before the season second in offense, fifth in defense they're plus 12.7 net. They haven't had stru all year but t's been good for them. They've gotten good shooting from Dean Wade, people like that. But the big thing is Garland's back and we flagged this, we talked about it extensively in the over under pod Garland broke his jaw last year. It was a weird year in general. They didn't know if Mitchell was staying or not this year. Garland's 53%, 45% for three. He absolutely obliterated Milwaukee last night. Now granted it's Milwaukee in its name, but he's back to getting wherever he wants to go.


And what I really like and what I think is really potentially special about this team, maybe Kenny Atkinson has a little bit to do with it. Maybe the fact that Mitchell resigned with them. But there's a real generosity with Garland and Mitchell now. Like last night it was Garland's night. Mitchell Mitchell deferred, he let 'em kind of run the show the last four or five minutes and if they needed Mitchell, he was there. I don't know if that was as seamless last year. And I think these guys have been together a couple years now. They had two huge crunch time wins over Milwaukee. Mitchell made the big shot on Saturday, Garland made all the big plays yesterday. But I like the combo of them and I think the combo of Mobley and Alan who were wondering should they trade one of those guys don't touch this team, this team, this is unequivocally the third best team in the league right now.


So number two, I have OKC even though they are first in defensive rating at 93.2, which is 8.3 points lower than anyone else. I don't even like if we were gonna say that's an NFL team, that would be like an NFL team giving up seven points a game for the first two months of the season when they play Caruso and SGA together though all the advanced metrics, they're basically the 96 Bulls chat. Chet is averaging almost five stocks a game. He's over three blocks. He is getting steals. They haven't played a close crunch time game yet. They're just dominating these games. And by the way, they're not shooting that well from three point percentages.


Chet's under 30, SJS under 30, Caruso's under 20, Wallace is under 33. So there's a level for them to go with the three point shooting defensively. They're unbelievable. I, I just couldn't believe watching them on on Saturday night in person, it just never ends. That's the thing. Like I know they have all these good defensive players and it makes sense that they're awesome on defense, but when you see it over the course of two and Half hours with your own eyes in person. It never lets up. It's like watching a defense where the, the in, in football where the defense is just blitzing every single down and the offense is picking up for the first quarter and a half of the game, and then by the third quarter the quarterback's just getting pounded.


That's what it felt like watching them. They have so many options. Everybody can switch onto a different guy. There's nobody to attack. It's funny watching these NBA teams we're like, who the fuck do we attack outta these guys? Every, every person we wanna get into a pick and roll can also guard the person that's dribbling. So that plus how good jets look this year, you know, this has a chance to be a really special regular season team. We'll see about the playoffs. But you know, this is a team that could win mid to high sixties, I think because night to night, the youth, the legs, the defense, the Clippers played really well on Saturday night for about an hour. And it didn't matter. They were losing double digits in the fourth quarter.


Then the favorite is still has to be the Celtics. They've only lost once they won the title last year. Their fourth in defensive rating without poor Ingas 14.1 net rating. Really good back to back wins against an annoying Charlotte team over the weekend that I thought were meaningful because the second game was a classic. You forget to show up and you just kind of fucked the game up. But Grant Williams had done a hard foul of Tatum. That was a cheap shot at the end of the game. Celtics were pissed about it and they came out and they laid the smack down on Saturday. This is something that Steve Kerr talked about with me once upon a time when I was doing my book. About the year after you win the title, you have this different confidence and swagger to you because you've done it.


You've climbed the mountain, you believe in the infrastructure of who you are. And he's like, it's just you. There's this invincibility that develops and it feels like the Celtics are tapping into that a little bit. Now, Jalen got a little banged up. Poor Zingus probably isn't coming back till December. And then there's this Horford piece where he's playing 25 minutes a game. He's fine. He's eight and five. They're just trying to basically pace him for the playoffs. He hasn't shot a free throw yet this year in two weeks. So last four years, free throws 95, 21, 30 last year and then zero this year, this year. So they're really patching together the center position with him and Cornet and Kada.


ADA's been really big for them from a shot boxing standpoint and as a regular season team. I still think they're in their sixties if, if Tatum and White and Holiday are all playing and Jalen plays enough games, Tatum's been been on a mission and the three isn't even going in every game. But he's, he's just peak of his powers at this point. This is the best game to game, quarter to quarter that he's ever been offensively. He really knows how to attack what he wants to do, how to be a point forward. And this is still the best team in the league when Ingas comes back. This is a 18 game winning streak kind of a team. And I think OKC is too.


And I, I think my big lesson from the first two weeks is that Boston and OKC, in my opinion, are levitating above everybody else. Maybe Cleveland can kind of tap at their shoes a little bit, but it's Boston and OKC and that's why I picked before the season to make the finals. I haven't seen one thing to make me think that's not gonna be our finals. So there you go. That is our two week power poll. We're gonna take a break and come back with my old friend, Kevin Wildes.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Network Sunday, November 10th is the epic return to Yellowstone and it's only on Paramount network. One of my favorite networks by the way. What will become of the Dutton family? Can they save the Yellowstone Ranch? How far will be and rip go to protect the family legacy? I bet they'll go far. Generations of blood have led to this. Nothing will prepare you for this must see Premier event, the epic return of Yellowstone Sunday, November 10th at eight seven Central on Paramount Network.


This episode is brought to you by Paramount Network Sunday, November 10th is the epic return to Yellowstone and it's only on Paramount network. One of my favorite networks by the way. What will become of the Dutton family? Can they save the Yellowstone Ranch? How far will Beth and rip go to protect the family legacy? I bet they'll go far. Generations of blood have led to this. Nothing will prepare you for this must see Premier event, the epic return of Yellowstone Sunday, November 10th at eight seven Central on Paramount network.


All right, we're taping this late Monday afternoon Eastern time. I got Kevin Wildes right after he taped first things first. This is when I like him. He's just done A Two hour live TV show. He's groggy. He's not, I say really thinking anymore. Like he's just, he's just reacting ad-libbing, not overthinking his takes. And, and I wanna start here, wilds, you posted a picture of your favorite candies Pyramid style. Yes. And you had Reese's at the top. You did this during Halloween week. And I had a lot of problems with the, with the, with the pyramid. I, a lot of people had problems with the pyramid. It was meant to provoke discussion, but it felt like nobody had a problem with Reese's being number one.


The problem that everybody had was, and I didn't realize I was the only one that thought this, that plain m ms are better than peanut & Ms. Turns out I was wrong. It wasn't one of those things like, well that's just your opinion. Wild. You're allowed to have it. Nope. Every single person said I was wrong. So I said, you know what, I'll fold my hand on that one. I was wrong about that. I would flip those if I did it again. So people have peanut m and ms over plain m and ms. Not, I was the only person. So I folded my hand on that. If I was next tune in next year to see where they, they ranked. See I feel like those two are kind of their own candies. I don't feel like they're even like brothers or siblings or sisters or even cousins.


I just feel like they're over here and over here. They're so different. And when I, like, I went to the Clipper game on, on Saturday and they had the plain m and ms and the peanut m and ms and I really thought about 'em like, am I in a plain Eminem mood or peanut m&m mood? And I was like, you know what? I'm in a peanut m&m mood. Wow. And I grab those instead, but I don't feel like they swim in the same pool. See here's my, here's my argument. If I was to make it, if I want chocolate, I'll go with a Reese's. I already have that, the box checked on that. And if I want M&m, I'll go with an m&m. The peanut m&m is living in the middle of that, that somewhere. So for me it doesn't work.


And a lot of people will say, well what about the candy shell? I would just, I get that from the m and m, so I don't need the peanut m and M&m to even exist. But everyone was mad at me. So here is my biggest, my biggest pick. I think the a hundred grand bar is the best chocolate bar on the planet. And I think everybody really deep down thinks this, but nobody wants to admit it. And if you put, like we have, we have a candy jar in our house, okay, and you've been to our house and there's two full jars of candy. 'cause for some reason my wife likes having candy in the house. The hundred grands are always gone. Really? And we start out equally and they just get pulled out.


I don't know anybody who's against a hundred grand. I think it's the perfect chocolate bar. And I actually think they market it badly. I, I feel like their campaign almost had like LeBron has been marketing himself as like since the last dance as like the goat. And he is just done all of these different things to kind of push this whole, well look at my whole career, look at what, what else can I do? I'm still playing 22 years, a hundred grand needs to hire like a media strategist to really grab the corner of the Go Candy bar because I don't think it's there yet. You're saying just being named after a denomination of money is isn't really getting it done for the hundred grand bar? No, I think people mispronounce it. I think some people call it the a hundred thousand grand bar or they like, they, they can't remember which one it is.


But then when they have it, it's delicious. You go into like a RiteAid or you go into a CVS sometimes you can't even find them. No, the can I tell you something little ugly for a candy? Yeah, Maybe they need a complete rebrand. It's kind of bumpy. It, it's not sure of itself versus when you take out, for example, kiss aesthetically, the Hershey kiss is just perfect. It's silver. It's got the little hat on it for the Yeah, You need to interact with it. It's unwrap it. Exactly a hundred grand bar. You take it out, you're like, what's going on here? It's just, it's all over the place. It's just feels like, it's like a, like when you see an alien trying to be born outta something, it's like, it's kind of emerging.


So I could see that being an issue. Nobody knows what it is. People get confused, like, what does that have Rice crisps in it? It's like, yeah, I think So, it was like, is there a peanut butter based, something in there? Like I'm not a hundred percent sure. I, I don't know even what's in the a hundred grand bar versus a, is it a Milky Way with rice crisps, Rice crisps and caramel. Three things that everybody likes. Everybody likes caramel with a chocolate bar. Nobody's like, oh man, there's caramel in this. I'm not eating it. That's a good point. Reese's. I think part of what the success with Reese's is, first of all, great name. Second people know what it is, it's yeah, chocolate with, with a peanut in it.


It could be different sizes. It has brand recognition. It's, it's had a great media strategist over the last 80 years where they also, it's like a hundred grand bar, not as Much. They advertise aggressively. Like Reese's is out here getting it done with the orange wrappers. They're really making moves. I haven't seen Base cream. There's like, oh yeah, there's like Reese's ice cream. Like they're really like aggressively trying to expand the brand. A hundred grand is just kind of like, we might be at CVS, we might not. Yeah, it's, it's like a hundred grand. If I was to do a a, you know what, like remember when Tarantino got Travolta and be like, you know what, this guy's great and everybody's forgotten about him. If I was to tra hundred grand payday, probably Baby Ruth, I'd give Crackle a shot.


I would ca, if I was a Tarantino s director, I'd give Crackle a run. Well, so here here's the one you're missing. Heat Bar. I think the Travolta Pulp Fiction is the Rolo. The Rolo bar. I think everybody loves Rolo bars. You can't find them anywhere. One Rolo. What you mean? No one not good. No one likes Rolos. Who Rolo is it's has a bad like texture to it. Rolos are like, they're slippery. A Rolo again doesn't know what it wants to be. It's like, hey, we're we're, you know, a cylinder. Like what? Like get outta here. Rolo. Wow. This is like your my least favorite wilds take probably ever.


If you want Roll Rolo bars, What is it? It's a candy. You pull it apart, the caramel comes, it's kind of, it's kind of like bisected. Yeah, it's almost like a star. It's like Starburst. Like you buy like, it's like a roll Rolls. No, I don't like tho. No, those are bad. That's caramel. You want Caramelo versus Rolo head to head. That would be like Ravens bills. You think that they're both on the same level until you see 'em head to head and Carello would wash Rolo. Well see I love them. I love caramel bars, but I never see those anymore. I thought those were just gone. I dunno. I dunno.


That's the problem. I would, I would care what happened to caramels. Well do your thing about Crackle 'cause I really wanna dive into this. I thought it was one of your best and most important takes. We've known each other since 2006. Yeah, yeah, I guess so. Somewhere in there. This is one I, this is one of my best Takes the best. I thought it was the one that resonated with me personally. As hard as anything. As any of your recent albums, any of your recent, your recent work, even when you did a little country there for a second, you Little Hillbilly Rock. Like Still like this one. Yeah. Both A compliment and an insult. My crackle take was one of my best take look every year you get the, the Hershey's fun bag mix and there's Crackle, you open it up, you have the Crackle.


You think this is great. There's no reason Crackle can't have the career that the Crunch bar's having and crunch bars up here with a trophy case filled up. Most improved candy, most valuable candy finals Candy. MVP Also like Crackle Hershey Bar with s'mores. Like it's, it's got this whole second career where it's like, like you have to have it with the s'mores. It's, it's an, it's an ice cream. Her, I've had Hershey Crunch, I, and there's crackle out here. Pop in a game give you, you know, 25 1 night and then disappear for weeks on end.


What crackle pop up throw for 300 yards gone. So I, I don't know what to do with Crackle. Part of me thinks that Crackle, I don't want to say this but I, part of me thinks that Crackle doesn't have the heart. You got all the tools but just might not have the motor or crackle on. Here's the other thing about Crackle. Might not want it afraid of the bright lights on Halloween. One of the ideas I had was like, crackle Maybe, you should bail on Halloween. Try to find another holiday like Peeps did. Peeps couldn't compete on Halloween. Peeps. Like, we gotta be out, we gotta go to Easter. Candy Canes saw the lineup in Halloween, they can't compete here.


We, we need to go to Christmas and just try to dominate Christmas. Maybe Crackle looks around, says Hey you know what Thanksgiving, why don't we, we why we can take after Dinner Mints. But right now Crackle can't cut it. Can't cut it on Halloween. I was thinking, you made me think about Crackle, which I had really never truly thought about. And I'm with you. It would always be in the chocolate bags and you'd be like, oh, crackle. Yeah, there you're Game manager. Yeah. Reminded me of a couple actors over the years that seem to have all the tools and something was missing. Like right now it's Chris Hemsworth. I don't know why Chris Hemsworth isn't one of the Crims Hemsworth.


I just called him Hemsworth. Maybe that's part of the problem. Chris Hemsworth, like I loved him in Rush. I really liked the movie Rush, the race car movie about, about Nick Lata and, and the other guy. But James Cook, whatever his name was, the Bill's running back. He's got everything you need. He's six three handsome. Yep. Be a leading man. He was in Black Hat with Michael Mann. He could be in a rom-com. He kind of do it all, but it's never really happened. And if he's opening a movie, I don't think it's probably gonna do well because he's the star of it. But Ryan Reynolds was, Ryan Reynolds was in this zone for 10, 12 years and then I think he escaped because it feels like he's an A plus lister.


So I dunno, maybe that's, oh, Ryan Reynolds did definitely. Yeah. But Ryan, so you're saying, but Ryan Reynolds was, I feel like, and I'm not a Ryan Reynolds expert, although I'm a fan, it feels like Deadpool pushed him, pushed him beyond. He's like, you know what, I'm not gonna try to be for everybody. I'm gonna be a little more fo and then that will allow my personality. So maybe So I don't know how that plays with Crackle. That's maybe Crackle needs to take No Crackle needs. Its Deadpool here. Here's what I think Crackle, here's what it needs. It needs to be in a show like a Stranger Thing season four. Like euphoria season three. And there's some episode where the character is like really obsessed, just loves crackle.


Like a big Crackle fan. And it just, you know how those shows sometimes that our kids watch can just get momentum with weird shit. Yeah. It's like the ego Needs its moment. It needs like it's, it's, I know, but who it's some sort of moment and it's just never had it. I'm gonna, I'm, I mean this is gonna hurt if you work at Crackle, but I don't think the leading characters in any film are gonna love Crackle. Yeah. Like a secondary character or some, you know, a supporting character. It's like, man, my weird friend loves Crackle. The comic relief. Yeah. Yeah, the comic relief guy loves Crackle. Isn't that weird? It's like, it's like how did you get even 12 crackle if you have to buy, there's only come three to a bag.


Hershey's doesn't believe in Crackle either. Or Nestle. I don't even know who the parent company is. But they don't believe in Crackle. They don't think Crackle has it either. So if you're not getting support from management, alright, has everyone's given up on Crackle? Maybe. Honestly, maybe this is, this is crackle's moment. Maybe, you should just be the, be the change you believe in and just start eating crackles all the time. But again, probably not bad for the podcast though, because of the stupid rice. Chris. I think it's like a Formula One situation where Hershey is the preferred driver of the Formula One team. And Crackle is like the number two team could, maybe if you gave it the number one car, maybe it could drive it, but it just, it's just not gonna get there the way it is.


I would do a rebrand. I think the K hurts it. Maybe go back to the CII think when people do goofy spelling for food or you know, yeah, like things you have to purchase. Sometimes there's a backlash with that. And Maybe the sizes have to be different. maybe Maybe thinner. Maybe fatter. Like you think about Kit Kat can't go Thinner. Can't go thinner. Thinner is the score bar. SKOR get outta here. Nobody wants to score. That's a good point. You can't go thinner. You and you. I don't messing with the shapes. It it, it, it comes across as desperate once you start, well So Counter Kit Kat has done a lot of renovation stuff with the Kit Kat.


Like they'll have like a white chocolate Kit Kat. They'll have during Halloween season, they'll have like a spooky Kitt and it kind of works. It's like, ah, I'll try that. But Kit Kat is operating from a position of strength Kit Kat that's like the lions running trick place. Like we can do so much stuff. We're so good at the fundamentals, we're running other stuff. Yeah, that's fair. Crackle can't go out there doing, you know, the Philly special. Like you just gotta work on blocking and tackling right now. Crackle, I think Kit Kat's on the Mount Rushmore, I think almost everybody likes Kit Kat. I think part of the success is the, the double piece.


Like you can burn, you can, you can share it. Be like you wanna have my half of my Kit Kat cut it out. Give one person the bar. You keep the other one. It's just, it's good name. Memorable. It's just really good. Can I, I think that is percent marketing. I I bet less kit are shared and you want the option to share it. Yeah, but I think you really wanna eat it. Anyone's no one's be. Hey, do you want, Hey, I got this Kit Kat, do you want one? I think that rarely happens. you can share any candy. I I can break a Twix in half too, but nobody does that. Twix is another one. I think Twix has had a really good Twix is on a great run since been kids.


Really Good run. Great run, great Frozen. So who's on your Mount Rushmore Kit Kat? I, I have a hundred grand Kit Kat Sy and Hershey Kisses. I I have five. That's, that's fine. No, I just like the regular, the Hershey bar. I have five in the Mount Rush mark because Twix has to be on there. I really respect the Hershey though. I like that the little squares, you can have half of it. Two thirds. As you know, I make raw dog s'mores where I don't actually microwave them. I just put like a graham cracker, A Two marshmallows and like half a Hershey and I just eat it. Well it's Snickers on. I don't do Snickers.


Wow. Not a Snickers guy. Wow. Okay. What was your Mount Rushmore? I mean the Mount Rushmore for me personally or what I think should be No, you were personal. Mount Rushmore. you can go five, not four. It's, it's, it's, it's not gonna be, it's, it's not gonna be well received. Reese's peanut butter cups. You ready? Yeah. York Peppermint Patties. Yeah, it's really weird. It's getting worse. Neko wafers. Okay. I love a dry wafer. And then I'll probably go, I'll probably just go plain M and ms.


I like, I like a, I like it's the York that is really, that is really off putting to people. And the wafer, The York's just gross. I did you, did you ever have the Reggie bar when Reggie Jackson had his candy bar? Do you remember eating those? No. No. I never got, I ne I, that's a little before my time and then I, I al I don't think I've ever seen them for sale. I remember eating them as a kid and liking them even though he was a Yankee. But it was basically a hundred grand bar is my memory of it. It was right on the corner. Very similar. May maybe Well yeah, celebrity endorsement.


Not bad. I mean it's a good Anthony Edwards thing. Maybe this, maybe this is the Keys. You remember when LeBron attached himself to Blaise Pizza and We didn't know if was pizza was. And we were like, wait, what's he doing? And then it was like, oh, blaze Pizza. That's the one that, and all of a sudden Blaze Pizza was worth a billion dollars. Maybe Anthony Edwards needs to do with a crackle. Okay. He's just eating. He takes Anthony Edwards takes 13 threes in a game. Sits in his locker room after, makes five funny comments to media members as he's eating a crackle and people are like, something's happening with Crackle. That would work. That would've percent work. That's the longest anyone's ever talked about crackle.


And that includes inside the Crackle building. Move on Mr. Goodbar. Maybe they took some notes. It's, it's take season for you right now on First things first and I'm catching right after Dak was scratch for five to six weeks. Is it better if the Cowboys are awful, mediocre or good? Good with flaws, I would say is the best. That's the Good, good with flaws. I think every marquee team when they're good with flaws makes it the most interesting. And not to be like too philosophical about it, but like a superhero, like a Superman thing.


Like a superhero with a kryptonite I think is the most interesting team. That's why I think like I know we were talking basketball, like that's why I think Tatum is interesting. Like, oh like I think superhero with flaws is fascinating but a mediocre team that could get hot. Interesting. But just a bad team, a marquee team. That is bad. That's the worst. There's no, there's no takes that you can gen that is, that is dry arid land that no Takes can grow from. Is that same for the Lakers? No, the Lakers I think are fascinating but I always thought the Lake, the Lakers punchers chance for the last few years and now that they're running interesting stuff, it's like oh two top 10 players like maybe Maybe, they can make a little run.


I think the Lakers are always interesting because LeBron Two top 10 players. Who's the second one? 12? Where you putting ad I You could talk me ad not LeBron. What do you have? What do you have? LeBron. LeBron. It's not in the top. 10, 15. Yeah. Okay. Two. Alright. But how many? But every team with two top 15 players has a chance at the title except them for the last few years. But maybe JJ can work some magic and maybe it'll work. They're not good defensively. You, I haven't watched enough this year yet. I've been so locked in on football. I haven't like switched over and we were, I was locked in on the World Series. I gotta switch over to basketball to get totally locked in.


Just, yeah. Who Would've expected the Yankees Dodgers became like an actual spectacle. I mean it, it got like 15 million people watching. Every baseball game is bigger than the NBA finals. It was as big as like a round one NFL game. It's huge. And For and for, I was trying to, maybe you'll be able to pull this off the top of your head, but for a five game series, super tight and compelling versus usually talking like great series seven, six. Yeah. Like oh it's like every game was good moments. Again, superstar with a flaw with Aaron Judge, you're always pulling for him to pull out it. Ohtani kind of battling back kind of Willis Reed, although he never had like the big moment Freddie hitting a home run all the time.


I thought it was, thought it was just awesome. I thought it was just World Series baseball. Just fantastic. Well it's funny 'cause we always would have this in the NHL and in baseball we're like, oh man, if it's only these two teams and then it's never the two teams. Yeah. So. it was like one of the two teams and this time we actually got the two teams and it was awesome. And it was anecdotally everybody, I mean I'm in LA so obviously it's, I'm a little biased 'cause everybody I knew out here cared about it. But it just felt like anecdotally, you realize how many Yankee and Dodger fans you just have in your life. If you're even whether you're East coast, west coast, you know those, those two teams and the Red Sox probably have the most fans. Yeah, there, there was, we went to the regular season Yankees Dodgers game because it was on Fox.


Fox and there was a ton of Dodgers fans and I guess you can chalk some of it up to like, oh, my dad was a Brooklyn, or my grandfather was a Brooklyn Dodgers fan. And that kind of like, there is some of that still like rooted here. Like a Mad Dog is like a New York, old New York Giants fan. But there's tons of Dodge and there was a lot of Dodgers fans at the World Series games too. So. it was. And Yankees fans were obviously everywhere, but I thought it was, I just thought it was awesome. I loved it. And I know I'm supposed to be a Red Sox. Well I'm a Red Sox fan. I'm supposed to be a Yankee. No, we don't, we don't count you in any way, shape, or form anymore. You're like a fucking Chiefs fan. Now you might as well like put a chiefs jersey on. Okay. Do I love, I love sports. You've Slowed your soda. That church Nick Wright.


It's fucking terrible. I can't hate, I might as well like Aaron Judge, I'm not Behooves. Oh, Alright. This is terrible. He's a great, I Thought you were aligned with me. You's the great player. I'm going, I'm gonna be a fan of the great players. I'm not gonna sit here and I already has anyone shed more blood and tears from Mack Jones than me. I'm out here. Get a little respite, little breath of fresh air after watching Mack Jones. I'm still on M Jones Island by myself. Tating my own water volleyball all day. No one's here. Just me. Mac Jones Island.


Well, I was, I was critical of Brady's Sunday broadcasting performance. And even that made me feel like I was gonna get hit by lightning. And I was super ungrateful. But to me it's apples and oranges. Like now the, the sports career is over. I prayed to the church to Tom Brady as a quarterback and you know, now it is what it is. But I'm, I'm still there. I'll say I do like that. Mahomes has been a little odd. Now we're taping this before the Monday night game, so maybe he'll have 15 touchdowns tonight. But I do like that he's been a little off this year because he's said in this point of his career where Brady was just awesome year after year except for the year that he blew out his, his ACL. And people are like, well, Mahomes does have the same weapons.


Well, I urge people to go back and look at Brady's weapons in like 2006 and 2009. Like he had years where he had like literally nobody to throw to If the chiefs go undefeated or if they lose one game. But Mahomes statistically counting stats are pretty bland. But I guess there's other stats that we pulled off where it's like, you know, sort of must have moments, need to get it moments. And he's great in those moments, clutch moments. But if his counting stats are bland, would you give him the MVP if he 16 and one House, and I talked about this on Thursday, about what would their record have to be for him to just get it no matter what the stats are.


And I think it would've to be 16 and one or 17 and No. How about, how about, well, so yeah, how about 15 and one? And they sit and they sit week 18 and they, and Carson wins loses the game, but he only lost one game. 15. I mean, the thing is nobody's I'm Gonna keep walking you, I'm gonna keep walking you back. Alright. How about, how about 14? Well, Like I've watched every, I feel like I haven't missed a frame of this season. Lamar is the best part I've seen this season. Yeah. And I think he means the most to his team. The record doesn't really back it up, but Lamar is just week to week and I don't know if there's gonna be voter fatigue with him or not. Alan No is doing a lot too in Buffalo with what he has.


But they, I, you know, they have some talent. Their schedule's been a little easier. What Lamar is doing week to week, I talked about this on Sunday's pod. I made the mistake of knocking that game off the multi-view with like 40 seconds left in the first half against Denver when it was 1710. So I just thought they were gonna halftime, forgetting that he could just easily get a 60 yard touchdown if you wanted to. Which he did. And I felt pretty stupid. But he's been amazing. You, You don't care about head to head because I do like two MVPs going head to head. I, whoever won, so I put Mahomes over Lamar and I would put Lamar over Josh. I only care about it when it's self-serving to the team. I root for, like with the Brady Man years.


Me, yes. Brady would be manning and I would be like, he look at, look at the head to head and then Manning beat him a couple times. It's like, It's one game. Way better team. He's got Edger James and Harrison Wayne. I'm sorry. Does he play defense too? He supposed to be Travis Hunter out there. It's nothing to do with it. I think what's cool about the Mahomes chiefs thing is that we, we just, just immediately replaced almost in real time, whatever the Pats meant to the league year to year as this kind of arbitrary, you know, thing that's in front that you have to chase and this is the team you have to get by. And when you play them, this is the game that matters the most. And this is the line you have to cross.


And the pats were that way for almost two decades. And then the Chiefs were like, okay, thanks. And they, and that's who they've been since. Like even you look at the Lions versus the Chiefs and it's just like, yeah, I believe in the Lions, but can they beat the Chiefs? Like you don't almost think about, I'm not thinking can they beat Baltimore? Can they be Philly like you? It's just about the Chiefs. You know what? I realized it when I, this is gonna be a, this is like the biggest compliment I can give to Mahome. When other teams have the ball with a chance to win the game, I will either think A, they're not going to do it, or B, this will be challenging to do it. But if it was Mahomes, they're like, oh, game's over and everybody, you go, you go to DraftKings or it's like, oh, or FanDuel or like yeah, game.


Everybody thinks this game is over now and the chiefs are behind. Right? Versus, but I mean I, you know what? I felt a little bit like that with Drake May a little bit. I was like, oh, we're getting the ball back. I'm outta my mind. Okay. I've never been, we won six Super Bowls that made nine and I've never been more locked into the week to week of the season. But I also think that technology is better watching the all 22 tapes of him on Monday. Some of the throws that he made. I'm like, can you see What, what Drake did? Drake saw this and this is why he threw it. Love it, love it. His receivers are terrible. The play calling's terrible. His offensive line's terrible. And he's doing 12 to 13 things a week that I've, I've we've never seen a Patriot's QB do some of the things he's doing because we haven't had like an incredible athlete at QB in 50 years.


Yes. What do you think about this take? I was like, I'm like, how do I feel about Drake? May, part of me feels like a little bit of a stretch how my parents view my kids. They're like, oh, they're like so excited to watch Like grandparent energy. Yeah. Grandparent energy towards Drake may like I've already lived my adult life with Tom Brady, so to speak. Yeah. And, and my kid life with like Tony Easton and Steve Grogan and, and then a big chunk of my life when I was really in it with Brady. But now I get to, I I've already seen it all. I've seen how it all happens and now like Drake is like, I've got grandparent energy.


Like, look at this, this is great. Like yeah, he lost, he fell down and scraped his knee. That's okay. He's learning. I can see it's gonna be great. I'm like, oh, you're in for a great time. Grandparent energy towards Drake. Man, I love it because you've been through all the ups and downs. Yeah. You see it, you know all the checkpoints and you're just kind of there to give gifts on the holidays and Yep. Just be supportive and not overreact. But if you were a parent, like, oh, would, would you be worried about the inter he threw a game ending interception. If you're a parent, like, especially like first kid parent, oh, what am I doing? Oh, this and that. Like, it's not a big deal.


It's not. Trust me, he'll learn to clap. We had a, we freaked out because Russell we're like, is he, this is real conversation. Is he clapping on time? We read some stupid thing you should be clapping at, you know, 12 months. No. Is he clapping on? That's so stupid. Yeah. And grandparent like, no, don't worry about any of that's really good for him. That's Fantastic. Yeah. The grandparent energy you're talking about your little boy, your grandparent energy with little boys. They're like, they're all idiots until they're like seven, don't worry about it. Yep, yep, you're fine. All good. Nobody, nobody's like fired up about how how mentally acute their 4-year-old boy is. Don't Worry about it. They're just worried all the time. Why is my kid so stupid?


Grandparent energy, you're just like, hey, he'll be fine. We had a poop journal for our first baby. Okay. What time we were writing down. Come on. You know, the, one of the best things with Drake, I mean, there's been a lot of great things, but it really seems like he has a chance to be pretty special for like 15, 16, 17 years. And we having lived through that, knowing how long it is, and it was kind of happening with Tatum a little bit. Like Tatum had that first year and he went head to head with LeBron. He had the block on LeBron and the game seven. Yeah. Made a couple shots and you're just watching it going, this is a really good sign.


This is a really good checkpoint for him to hit him excited for this journey. And then he kept like making the steps and then they finally win the title. But I'm just excited to go on that journey again with a qb because it was incredible with Brady So. It, the problem here is that the infrastructure, the IQ infrastructure of the behind the scenes patriots, like, I just don't trust it. Like, are they gonna do this? Correct. Are they like, they have to get a left tackle? Yeah. They have to get a number one receiver. Like are are they gonna know all the, once you have this, this is the number one gift you can get in football is to have a guy like this. Every decision has to be about maximizing this guy, which I love Belichick, but I I feel like he didn't always do that with Brady, you know?


No, he was just defense first. I think we're just trading down. We're gonna have a great pick. We're gonna trade down for multiple picks. Probably be get, you know, bolster the offensive line and then I don't know how we're getting a number one receiver. Yeah. But if I'm number receiver, I'd wanna play. I'm glad you're using we because the mahome, I gotta be honest, the Mahomes thing really worries me. Oh, come on. If you was right, it's like, it's like you're, you're going to chiefs, you're literally going to chiefs games. Can I going to Kansas City to chiefs games? Don't think I didn't fucking notice. I didn't go to a Chiefs Game. You did. You went to a chiefs game. I went To the Chiefs parade multiple times. You did that too. Yeah. I haven't been to heroin are I went to, I went to Pat.


I took my kids to Foxborough to see Patrick Mahomes what I supposed to do. Modern day Brady. Just keep it in check. We're gonna take a break and do half, half Baked Ideas.


This episode is brought to by Ubereats. It's football season and Ubereats is dropping undefeated deals on all your game day favorites this week. Score buy one, get one free crunch wrap Supremes from Taco Bell only on Ubereats. And if you're craving even more, we've got you covered with game day deals on pizza, burgers, tacos and more all season long. Ubereats official on demand food delivery partner, the NFL Order Taco Bell for game day now through 11 17 24. Second item of equal or lesser value in terms apply, see app for details.


This episode is brought to by Uber Reserve. You know, it's a game changer for travel. Booking my ride in advance to the airport with Uber Reserve. Uber Reserve makes it easy to plan my whole trip. I just did this. Booking rides up to 90 days in advance to help squeeze the most outta traveling. Especially if you're doing odd hours rush hours like early in the morning, you gotta do it. Plus, with Uber Reserve, you'll get an assigned driver, you get upfront pricing and you get extra wait time included. So go ahead plan like a pro. Reserve your Uber ride up to 90 days in advance. See app for details.


All right, so Wilds, ever since I've had a podcast, which was 2007, wilds would come on and do half Baked Ideas. And I don't remember the first time he did it, but many of them were on YouTube from oh 8 0 9 2010. Then on this pod, when we brought it to The Ringer, same thing. He's popped on now he is a busier guy, but every once in a while we have to grab him for the half bakes. And the concept of a half baked idea, it's not a fully baked idea. No, but there's enough in there that it makes you go. Hmm, I like that. All right, so what's first half picked idea? So I, I got a, a colonoscopy with the idea. Go out and get your colonoscopy if you, if you need one and everybody needs to get it checked out.


The idea being you might think you're fine but you might be dying inside. That's the concept that we'll run through this storyline. Also, hard stop. Second part of the story. I know two families that recently got dogs and they're like, they, they didn't want dogs for a long time. We're not dog people. This and that. Then they made the jump, got a dog and then of course they say, I can't believe we were ever in this house without a dog. Thus the half-baked idea is, I'm calling it the, I don't even know how to pronounce it. Veterinarian. Okay. It's like veterinarian.


Veterinarian. You have to go, just like you have to go to a colonoscopy doctor every five years. Every five years you need to go to a Arian. And it's kind of like a therapist. You sit and you talk or maybe they come to your house and you talk about whether or not you need a pet in your life. So even if you already have a dog, you should have to talk about getting another dog. So every you can go, alright, Maybe, you get a dog, Maybe, you get a cat, Maybe, you get a snake, Maybe you get something. But it's outside. Consultant have to go to every, every American. It's gonna be in federal law. Every American needs to go to a Arian and they ask, figure out if you need a dog that will make your life better.


Alright, so this is really interesting because I've had people in my life who've gotten pets and I just thought it was a mistake. Oh, I could probably go the other way too. Like, do not get a dog. You are more of a fish person. Well I think if you the veterinarian should be really candid. Oh yeah. Like I, I've looked at you, you've been living alone your whole life. You seem like you're having pretty fun life. You do a lot of traveling. Like you can't have a dog. The dog's gonna be alone. You're gonna be always like either putting it, like having somebody stay at your house with the dog or putting them up in one of those dog places. Like don't get a dog. It's mean to the dog. You travel too much. Yeah, that's that. That prime reptile right there.


No you don't. But but if you need a dog. So how many dogs do you have right now? Two. We have two and probably gonna be two going forward. Okay. I know you think that, but you should probably go to the getting area and be like, Hey man, we ran the numbers. You're actually a three dog household. I'm not saying it's a guarantee. Yeah, but you should get, you should get checked out. My wife wants to get a third dog's. It's been, it's been an argument right now because we basically lost our kids. Like we have one, one kid in college and another kid who never wants to be home. There You go. So we, it's just us now. So it's like a third dog And I be start bet thinking about like, oh I've always loved those Bernie's mountain dogs.


Exactly. I was just gonna say that. You know, you're gonna get a huge dog. Yeah. You gotta get huge dog big got small, medium, large dogs. Oh yeah. Eat a Ton of food. Alright, do one more unless you want me to chime in with some quickies. I, I've got one more that I think you're either gonna love or really hate, which is the key sweet spot or half idea. I've got an appetite to consume more media than I have time to consume. Just like I have an appetite to consume all of the Sunday football games with, but I can't watch everything, you know, live. So I have Red Zone but shows that I have Gladiator, I started the Boys Penguin, Yellowstone, those four shows.


I've watched a bit of all of those shows. Right. But, but I'm not going to, you know, I find myself, well maybe I'll get the flu and I'll, I'll be laid out. That's not, that's no way to live rooting for the flu so I can bang through all these shows. Yeah. Some sort of Scott Hanson Hanson zone. I'm calling some sort of Scott Hanson Red Zone thing where he's up there. But alright, let's go to the penguin. Oh the penguin just killed this guy. Oh my God. Boom. Quick shot. Boom. Alright, we gotta go back. Now we're going over to Yellowstone. Oh my goodness. It's just for you. Maybe it's ai but I'm bouncing around.


I don't need to see every little, you know, piece of, I just need the big moment so I can be conversant. I get a little emotionally about, oh my God, I can't believe, you know, rip killed this guy in Yellowstone. Rip Red Zone for serialized television. Let's go over to to Lies. Where Brie is just fucked her professor, but the wife knows about it. I didn't even know that show. I gotta put that on the list. I guess that's, that's Hanson's job. That's the idea. I really need this in my life. Yeah. I don't really have any notes. I don't even think that's a half-baked idea. I think that's a fully baked idea. Thank you. Just, and just like, you know how YouTube has, you can pick, they don't let you pick the multiview.


They're like, here are the four shows. That's what you go into. It's like we're gonna start season one of these four shows. Well You basically, it's talk soon You're in there for an hour. This is Talk Soup, but you're now taking all the prestige TV shows, which we have way too many of. Yep. And we just zip it through. I don't dunno what's going on with the penguin, but I would love to know just enough to be able to chime in at a holiday party in two months. Be like, wow. Exactly right. I I was stunned when he did that in episode seven. Yeah. Can you believe that I'll do it like Yes, exactly right. Triple away. A lot of the art of it. Like, ah, here's the Penguin walking through Gotham in this beautiful scene. I get it. But also something that Hansen's taken out of the show for me.


I'm boom, I'm, I'm out there. Red Zone Hansen. See I thought you were gonna say it's AI TV takes where you just listen to this podcast and they give you five things to then say at a, at like if you're gonna holiday party, You're Like, oh, I don't know if, tell me lies. Season two was as good as season one and here are my three points. And it makes it seem like you watched it but you really Didn't. No, I, I have that. That's a way more of a half picked idea. Yeah. There was an idea that I had for since the show that we, you know, is produced. Yeah. First thing first obviously Purdue, we kind of know what we're saying and we have like notes and stats and full screen and here's my point and here's my thing.


Have I heard said this before? Like I come over and like produce your Thanksgiving dinner. It's like, alright Bill, what do you wanna talk about? Like all I gotta talk about, you know, the landscaping in my neighbor's house. Dinner producer. Yeah. It's like, alright, what's your issue with the landscaping neighbor's? Like these trees are too tall. Like those trees are too tall. Like the average tree is this. I'm gonna make you a full screen. Say the average tree is this and this is blocking your view of whatever, like what else? And this, and we've got lot and I'm throwing stuff up. You hope that the seating chart Well yeah, but I'm also just Like, Bob's gotta be in the middle because Bob can go either way. It's like on TV when the middle seat is an important seat on a studio show And I'm, I'm in Bob's ear, I'm like, Hey Bob, don't forget, don't forget. Bill said this the other day.


Stick it to him. Like Right. Don't bring the Louise. Do I have a couple? I have three tiny ones. I have, I have two that I like, but I'll give you quick ones. I don't even know if this is a half-baked idea. Full service gas stations just come back. Yeah, I think they gotta move to New Jersey. But how many are, how many full service gas stations are in California? None. Not really. It's, it's, oh there a real, everyone's on their own with gas and I just kind of miss having the guy like do my, do my windshield and just pump the gas for me. Apparently there's one place in Beverly Hills that does it, but I miss full service gas stations.


I was trying to think, is there like A Two 0.0 version of those? 'cause they had those in like the forties and fifties. Like maybe in LA it's standup comics who were doing gas, but they're also doing like three minutes of their act. Oh God. Yeah. I don't, I don't dunno. That's why it's top baked. Yeah. 10 day Westbrook. So Westbrook pops on all these different teams for a year and then he kind of wears that as welcome. Right. But everybody's really excited when he shows up because it's like Westbrook, ah, second unit, he'll be able to run the offense himself and he puts up all these stats and he'll change the energy and each year a team talks himself into it, but by like midway through the air. But it's like, ah, wish we'd never Russell Westbrook.


It also revitalizes your superstar. Like every superstar is like Russ changes their R team. That's right. He says like Joker the other day. He's like, oh yeah, this is what he does for us. Like, alright, we're His dads don't back it up and he's shooting 20%. If he's just 10 day contract Westbrook, he's just like, Memphis right now is a bunch of injuries or New Orleans and it's like, oh, 10 day Ru is here, comes in, he's a hall of famer, he's padding the stats. Instant offense. But then, then you, you kind of, he just kind of leaves, it's like having leftovers in the fridge. He's just gone after 10 days. Just comes in Again. This, this will be the second pulp fiction reference, but kind of like, like the wolf, like west, like I'm here.


Yeah. Not like, not as confident. Wow. Yeah. Oh we got you bring him Russ. Damn damn ru shows up there super fast. He's always dressed really well. And the key, he, so he signs with these teams so he can make like three, four or 5 million a year, whatever he gets. So 10 day Westbrook would just be more expensive on the salary cap. It would be, it'd be, he basically, he's basically getting paid like a hundred thousand a game and you just sign in. It's like, oh, I'll do 10 day Westbrook for four games. We got Jar Jackson's out and Jaws hurt and we need whatever. Great. And then I have NBA announcer navigation systems.


Okay. Oh, for your GPS. Well just for specific moments, like when you're parking and you could just like switch to Ryan Ruco mode and he is like, he's gonna parallel park in the back and he get in. You bet. No, he's gonna run this red light. Is he gonna get caught? Bang One a. This one is super Hold on. This one is super depressing. You want a depressing one or a stupid one?


Give us both. I'll start with the depressing one. Okay. Gonna go to, we're trying to go to Hawaii for our, our next vacation. I'll be probably after my birthday, so I'll be like 47. It's a long way from the East coast. Good luck. I know we're gonna pit stop and then we can go any of it. 47. Yeah. Prime funeral photo time for me. Prime. Oh not not too young. Like, like right on my casket right there. What photo you got? It's that photo we took on on vacation in Hawaii.


I'm thinking about it. So right now, I don't know if there's photographers that specialize in this. So you get profe, you get exposed to a professional photographer a few times in your life. You're born, you usually get like a nice photo then K through 12, a guy or woman shows up every, every photo day. Yep. That's good. Then you're in a pretty much of a dry spell there until your wedding wedding day boom. And then you're pretty much on your own. Like there's very few times when you're gonna run into a profess maybe at a going down a rollercoaster and that's probably a robot, but that's it for all K through 12 your wedding.


And if you're going down a water slide with a scary face, that's the only time you're getting professional photos. So when you die, your poor loved ones ha already have the stress of dealing with your departure. Now they have another stress of going through How many pictures of of me are 3000 pictures on my iPhone? You gotta go through 3000 pictures and try to find the one. Well They so they have to figure out your passwords. That's a Disaster. Yeah. Like just whole bunch of things and then a photo on top of it. Exactly. And, and I, I, a few things, one gotta be solo, gotta be on the casting. You can't have two people like, hold on, did two people, what happened here? Was this some sort of accident? Well you have like your arms around somebody and it's like the cutoff stump of your arm.


No, that's a no go. Gotta be solo. It's gotta be sort of a candid photo. Like, oh look at this. Which, which, you know, normal people have a hard time capturing you pose on a photo. Sure. But just like a candid photo. And who am I laughing with? Like that person's taking the picture. Gotta need a pro. Gotta be smiling obviously. And I need a lived life to the fullest background. You can't just have it, you know, just walking out the street at the coffee shop. I have to have, wow, what, oh, look at that. Remember you went to Hawaii. That's a great moment for him. And then part of me, and this is just an idea here, I, I have no proof of this. Part of me thinks that when you go to heaven or whatever you may believe in and if you are a physical entity there, that you need to put a recommendation up into the management of heaven on how you would like to be perceived.


Right. Do you wanna be 28-year-old wilds? Do you wanna be mid thirties, wilds 47-year-old Wilds. Yeah. You kind of be, because it's also confusing for everybody else. Like I was just thinking like, Hey, go to Benjamin Franklin's 20 years old. I'm like, who are you? Like Ben, Ben Franklin, like Ben Franklin, bro. What are like, and he's like playing basketball, like, dude, no, you have to be, you need your spec. This a Stretch for, Yeah. He's just like this young, like, strapping dude. Like no dude where stocking. So anyways, it's, I called it taken, but since it's like the idea of the clock is ticking. TikTok, it's called? No, it's, I called it either Wake Graham, casket Graham or TikTok.


It's a photographer that only does funeral photos, So you can consult with the photographer and he's, he's like, great spot at the top of this mountain in Kauai. Yeah, we'll get background. There's like a volcano over your right shoulder. It could do that. Oh wow. Or I'm thinking maybe hotel bar, just with a big drink and you're, you're looking at somebody laughing. Perfect. And there's like the ocean behind you. Love it. Yeah, love it. I wouldn't do honestly for that. if you were the power, I'd be like, let's do the bar, because I think the clouds at the top little too on the nose. So let's do the hotel bar. Good lighting and, and it'll be great. Like save it. And if you hear about my demise, let's, let's print that up.


Well, you know how they have these national days that I hate, like it's like National Daughter's Day. And then you have to feel bad if you don't post a picture of your daughter because it's not, it's this arbitrary holiday that we've created five years ago. Maybe it should be, here's the photo I want shown at my funeral when I died day. I mean, that's certainly There. Then whoever dies, you're just like, what, what did Wilds want? First photo. Oh, that hotel bar one in Maui. Yeah. Yeah. That's a great one. I really like this. This is good. This is almost a fully baked idea. Good. I'm glad. I thought that was gonna be more depressing. This is, I thought it was uplifting.


This is, this is stupider. Okay. NFL game. You're going over the game. Whatcha wearing Jersey? NBA game wearing a jersey soccer wearing a jersey. Baseball game, hats and jerseys. Kentucky Derby, full suit Kentucky Derby. Either jockey jerseys, little checkerboard action with the hat and the pants. Or dress like the horse outfits where it's like, oh, nice markings with a, a shirt with a mane that goes down your spine. Like, oh, sick. You dress like your favorite horse. You don't have to wear a, a dress or some like fancy suit dress.


Like the jockey got a, a shirt with a number. Some of those shirts look great Green checkerboard with like The numbers. So you think jockey jockey shirt almost like when soccer jerseys took off like 10 years ago. Yes. Yes. And all of a sudden soccer jerseys were the rage. Yes. They're Coming back. So you're saying jockey jerseys happened That ammonia, I don't know about the horse part. Okay. Hor horse, you might not wanna dress as the horse, but certainly you can dress like the jockey. They look great. And part of this is born, I started riding a, I bought a bike. So I'm riding a bike in the first hurdle to get over after you buy the bike, it's like, alright, am I really gonna buy the, you Know, are you gonna dress like one of those guys? Bill? I look fantastic.


Oh, you, you're dressing like one of those guys though. My god. Bill, I look great. Oh, I was wanna rim my car. One of those guys. I, well if you did, I would look great. It would be my funeral pick and I would let You're just sitting bike. They're like, they're like, that dude looks fantastic. And it's slim. You're, you're squeezed in there. You're looking aerodynamic, you're in bright colors. You just look like you're like out here living life. I look, I look fantastic in my biking outfit You made. What else? Me think that this should be an AI feature where I just get updates about my friends and everybody has to sign up and it'll just be like the Tuesday edition of your newsletter of all the people, you know, Kevin, Wildes now a bike guy.


Yeah. And that's how I just find out from the newsletter. I'll post, I'll post some stuff at me looking like you look muscular in them. It's like, they're like Spanx in there and once you start biking you start to get, you know, cut off a little bit. It's great. Wow. I can't believe you're a bike guy. That's unbelievable. But, but being a bike guy has been fantastic. The other part of this is, and this is a half big idea, subhead, lower body available for fanatics. It's really like got basketball sneakers that's taken care of hats. So, so you know, tip to toe that's taken care of.


The whole upper body's taken care of all sorts occasionally, but the lower body is is there for you. if you wanna wear a Yankees pinstripe pants, Definitely wouldn't wanna do that. Well, I'm just saying like their, like the lower body is available for is a, is a open piece of real estate for fanatics to jump on. I'd wear personally I'd wear those little jockey shorts, jockey and the high boots. I look great. I have, I have two that I really like that I'll go fast on, but one that's not even half baked. It just struck me with the NFL trade deadline. Yeah. How much content we get from it. How, I just wish it existed in parts.


Like it could be like my wife, my my wife and like all her friends. It was like Tuesday's trade deadline might get rid of like one of my friends. It's like really? Which one? Oh. Oh my god. And it just like the conversations, it would provoke, my god, you're getting rid of Helen. Yeah, well you know, I, she hasn't been doing as much this year. She stopped drinking and, and we just go anyway. Alright, here are my two. Can I, can I, can I spin one off of that? Yeah. I read a, a study, it was about like loneliness is like, you know, epidemic. It was like 58% of men haven't made a friend in the last year. A new friend in the last year.


I was like 58. I would, I would put that at 99. I didn't realize like everyone's like getting these new friends like a draft day of like, hey, you know, draft is Coming up and you just call a guy that you know your kids, you know, a kid's, your kid's friend's father that you've seen in like, hey man, I just wanted to let you know I took you in the second round of my friend draft. We're gonna let, happy to walk you aboard of friends you're gonna invited to. We're gonna go out for a beer too. And like mandated you gotta get new friends With, I would announced at the end of my year to my wife who my favorite new friend of, of the year was. But you're getting new friends all the time.


Yeah, somehow I always end up with a new friend. Oh geez. I'm stuck. I I I I've just been rolling out This. You're in New York, everybody's just, it's like freaking Game of Thrones. I've been, I've been rolling with the same friends for a while. I'm like just the, trying to think of a team that's just like, yeah, we're running it back again. Like really? We got all got a year older. I gotta get some new blood. I'm thinking about, I might, I I I met one of Billy's soccer friend's dads. Could be a new friend, Might be a new friend, might be a new friend. The parents of the kids usually end up being a very fertile new fan base of friends. That's my, that's well that's, that's my only, you know, that's my only ground.


I like a guy on the street like, hey buddy, I did meet a random guy like buddy we should be friends. Right? Like well it's weird 'cause guys being like, hey you wanna go to a sports bar or watch the Laker game. Yeah. It's just, yeah. Alright, here are my favorite two that I had. I'll make them quick. Okay. I feel like VHS players need to make a comeback. Vinyl came back. Right? All of a sudden vinyl is as big as it's ever been. It's like, man that's weird. Oh man, I shouldn't have thrown out my vinyl. Oh I kept something. Oh there's some over there and now it's become this whole thing that's happened. And Sean fantasy for, you know Sean. Yeah, of course he's been a big physical media guy forever with Blu-Rays and DVDs. Yeah. But there was this whole VHS era forever.


And it wasn't just with buying movies and TV shows, it was also like, you know, if you had a video camera and you videotaped like your kids or people in college and you just have these VH VHS tapes and then all of a sudden the VCR player just died and you couldn't even buy 'em and they, you couldn't that none of them work with HDMI cords. And then you go on Amazon and they like refurbish them and it all feels super shady. I just want them to come back. So then I was thinking, I also don't like how annoying it is to have DVDs and to stand up instead of just like with my remote, I'm be like, I'm gonna watch something on Amazon. I just press a button Watching it. You like, you like you like doing that. Let the scroll to find stuff.


I would rather not move when I'm about to pick a movie. But with the DVD part, you have to get up, you have to go, you put the DVD in, you gotta press the button. So then I was thinking could they just have these V-H-S-D-V-D players that are attached to the side of the tv. So you have like this, you know like these long thin TVs that we put on the walls and maybe on the left side it's like this little DVD thing. I just plop on the side or it's like a little VHS thing and it's part of the tv and that would encourage people to bring VHS and DVD Perspective. Okay. So and Half baked idea. I think that is not only a half big idea. I believe that is a full baked idea. I stayed at a hotel, I broke the rule, I stayed at a hotel like in the Catskills and they had like a little library there, a VHS's and then it was included in the thing and it was like literally Was It part of the TV though?


I think being part of the TV is The wrinkle. I think it was a, I think it was one unit. Oh interesting. Alright. Bad idea then this one, nobody has this Idea. It's a great idea but it's, This is my best idea. Okay, here we go. So we're on these zooms, right? And sometimes you're on a Zoom and I'll do like I, as you know, I walk around so sometimes I'll be walking around when I'm on a Zoom. But then I was thinking it would be great if ai, which I think we're all afraid of, but also has some really good fertile things that Whatever could also Help all of us. I'm more pro ai. The most, I was thinking if AI could basically replace and replicate my face on a Zoom so that the zoom's happening.


An AI bill is just there like nodding every once in a while and like a laugh and it just can kind of react to the cues of the Zoom. But I'm not actually there. I'm just in another room. I'm not even on the Zoom or I'm on the Zoom but I didn't feel like being on the Zoom. So I just did AI bill for the Zoom and I'm just, but are you listening over there listening and I'm not really on the Zoom AI bill is pretending to be me on the Zoom. Yep. It feels like AI is good enough that we could pull this off and I think we should use AI for good. And part of AI for Good is let's figure out ways to cheat on Zoom so people don't know we're not actually on the zoom. Can I ask you a question because I do very few zooms now.


Yeah. With that are, do you feel the need that Zoom replace conference calls? Like why are you just on a conference call? Why do you need to see everybody? I don't because it's a, it's a leftover covid thing like seeing everybody But no one likes be seen, Be seen. Or maybe they kind of do because nobody goes to an office anymore or very few or less people go and it's like this is interaction time. We're in the, yeah, I guess so we're the Office, you're in the office, you're having atypical situation. Oh we're in the office and then the, the zoom that we have, everyone's camera's off. I'm like we're actually just having a conference call. The poor conference call industry is just really calling Off. Conference calls are done. Yeah.


Dial in, press this pin, it's over. It's just zooms now. Anyway. AI faced for Zooms. What's work on it? What do you have for your last half bake? if you go in rapid, rapid fire, just gonna shoot three until I pick one. I have two, hold on. I have this one from Hutchinson was injured and he went to the game and I said sports bar and he looked very comfortable as he recovers. So Godspeed aid, Hutchinson Sports bar, but the seating looks like you just had major surgery. It's more of like just kind of being pampered but even Hutch. Oh like an Alamo Drafthouse sports bar. Yeah, but you're, but it looks like you just had surgery so you're really right.


It's really just, I mean it's really short for, it's a bar where you put your feet up and take your shoes off. I think that's where, that's kind of the underlying current final One. Oh, interesting. Okay. I don't like self checkout. I'm not a huge fan of that. I hate it as well. Well I'm like, alright, I have to work here too now I'm not a fan. However you like cook my own food at your dining establishment. So all buffets buffet, love it. Element of fun. The movie theater for my own sodas. Fantastic. There's like a yogurt shop in town. you can make your own yogurts do that.


That's great. Those like little like hibachi plays a little teriyaki where you like have a little open flame. Fantastic. Is, I don't have, this is a quarter big. Is there another food that is ripe for that treatment where it's like, yeah you, you actually go and you just do it yourself? I'm like, what? They don't do it for you. Like no, you have to do it. They give you all the tools but you get to do it like great. But I don't know what the food is So that this is happening with pizza, at least with this 2.0 version of pizza where they give you these giant heavy sharp scissors and they just bring the pizza out and it's just a circle and then you have to cut the slices with the scissors.


A bunch of pizza. But that's do it. So you're But That's just like the ninth inning. I'm not gonna buy, I wanna come in in like the Fourth. So you're saying like they give you the ingredients for a soup. Oh soup. And you stand in the bowl and you like make a soup or you make like your own tomato Sauce. Yeah, I wouldn mind. I wouldn't mind being the guy who drew the pizza. Oh you wanna literally make your own pizza. But I don't just like, a lot of times make your own pizza just means throw some basil on it. I wouldn't mind. I'm trying to find out the best thing. A very hot steak. I don't know. But I know I like pouring my own sodas and I know I like, you know, cooking my own hibachi.


So I dunno what the other, So sports bar where you're grilling your own hot dogs and burgers, you just get your own grill. Oh that's not a bad idea. And you get, Say just say you're just on there. Yes. And then you're, you're, you're like Tony Soprano. That's what it's it's a giant sports bar and it's almost set up like top golf. Yeah. And you go in there, it's like here's your station, here's your grill. Maybe. you have like a huge smoker Maybe, you have a pig on a spit. Right. And it's like this is your little area, you gotta do it and you're making friends and you'd be like, Hey buddy, wanna be friends? Come over, have some. So you Basically like you get to be Adam Perry Lang for like four hours. Yeah, it's hot. Yeah, it's high end.


I got a big grill. I'm like, hey buddy, because I'm grilling by myself, making friends and grilling you. Like competing other guys more for high-end grills. That's pretty, you can get anything. Well like anybody had this good, we solved it. Kevin Wildes. you can see him on first things first every single day. We're aligned on Drake May for the next 20 years. Can't wait. Can't wait to see your, your funeral photo. Oh, thank you. I'm gonna send you mine later. I think I have a good one from Hawaii last summer. Thanks. I have Aon Wouldn't you have Aon? This and that? Like, that's like bonus points. You're always, yeah. You're always having a blast. Yeah. This guy really lived.


Yeah. All right. Good to see you Wildes. Alright, Good to see you. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kevin Wildes. Thanks to Kyle Creighton and Steve. Sir Rudy as well. Don't forget you can watch all the clips of videos from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel. you can watch the new re watchable episode on The Ringer movies YouTube channel. I hope you're voting today. I hope when I come back on Thursday to do the third podcast of the week. I hope the country's in a good place. We will see. Go out and vote. See you on Thursday.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino are 18 plus and President DC gambling problem. Call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling help line ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text Hope NY in New York.