
You're listening to The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. FanDuel has made it easier than ever to see how your bets are doing without even opening the app. Now you can get the latest updates, follow along in real time, directly from your phone's lock screen, yeah. Or Apple Watch, no login required. Just head to your My Bets page to turn it on if you don't already have it. Download the FanDuel Sportsbook app today to get in on the action. The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and Listen to the end of this episode. For additional details. You Must be 21 plus of President select states scam problem Call win hundred GAMBLER. Visit RG help.com.


Coming up, I'm talking NBA playoffs. I'm talking Kawhi Leonard. I'm talking to the NFL draft. It's all


next. This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo Active Cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because it packs a lot in Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with it big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me. The active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active Cash. In terms apply,


we're also brought to you by The Ringer Podcast Network. I put up a new rewatch on Monday night. We did a minority report. It was me and Van Lathan and Chris Ryan. You can watch this video podcast on Spotify. You can watch it as a YouTube video on our Ringer Movies YouTube channel. You can see all the clips from this podcast on the Bill Simmons YouTube channel, including us going live on Sundays with slo. So subscribe to that channel. You'll get all of our live stuff when we're, when we're doing it. NFL drafts coming on Thursday. We have The Ringer NFL draft guide. We have Todd McKay's newsletter and his podcast. We have The Ringer NFL draft show. We have the The Ringer NFL show. We're covering the draft in all these different ways.


I'm gonna be talking about a little bit later with our old friend Peter Schrager, now at espn. Yeah, he's gonna be on. But first at the very top of the podcast. I went to Lakers, Minnesota tonight, came back, raced back from the game and can give you my quick takes on what I saw in game two. And then old friend Zach Lowe, now at The Ringer. Now at Spotify. We taped something earlier today about Kawhi Leonard because the moment had arrived. Let's have a Kawhi Leonard conversation then. Peter Schrager talk draft. This is an awesome podcast. Can't wait for your listen first, our friends from Pearl Jab.


All right, I'm taping just the top part of the pod. Here it is. 10 o'clock at night, almost just got home from Lakers, Minnesota. Game two played in Los Angeles, California at the crypto. Used to be called Staples. I still call it Staples. It's crypto a must win game for the Lakers. They did win. It was a weird one. I really wanted to have like some sort of awesome take to play off of or some grand thing to say and I could do the the first take thing and just just list all the guys who need to step up. Nas Reed. Nas Reed, nine points. He's gotta step up. Dante GSO Four points, you gotta step up.


I'm not gonna do that. I have two takeaways. One slightly negative, one slightly positive other than the Lakers were supposed to win tonight. They took care of business. Their defense was way, way, way better. Their energy was way, way, way better. And if you look at the box score big minutes, D 42 minutes Reeves, 42 minutes. LeBron James, is he 40 yet? 39, somewhere in that vicinity. 39 minutes. Ru Hacha who got hit in the face, he's wearing like a Batman mask, 34 minutes, Finnie Smith, 38 minutes. So they basically did a tib on this game and the positive comment here is just the LeBron stuff is just incredible.


He is 21, 11 and seven big energy plays, big defense and I'm watching it going this, this team is in basically the same situation the Warriors are in where they're gonna have to go small to be truly effective, right? The Warriors have Draymond who is this undersized center. You can kind of get away with it and they're always at their best when Draymond's at the five and they can surround him with shooters and stuff and do that thing. This Lakers team, by default is at their best when they're basically playing LeBron and Rui as the quote unquote centers, even though they're not centers and they're just scrambling, hustling on defense and they're just trying to protect the rim. They're trying to get away with the physicality that you can get away with when you have LeBron James and Luca Duch on your team and just be physical from the gate and just keep scrambling, keep trying, keep trying, keep having energy.


And LeBron was playing so freaking hard. I don't know if it came across the same way on tv, but he was playing like it was like a game seven when Minnesota was trying to come back there near the end. And I was thinking like there's been so many iterations of him over the years, right? Like he comes into Cleveland the first six, seven years and it's like, what is this? He's magic. Johnson crossed with Dr. J. It's what it seemed like. That's where we were headed. And then it's like, well wait, he's more of a score than we thought. He had that 48 point game against Detroit. And it's like, so the 1.0 version was like, what is this? Well wait, there's some some Jordan stuff here too. He's putting up 27, 7 and seven every game.


What is this? Then he has the four MVPs in five years and basically moves into like queen of the chess. I, I remember writing a column about it, like queen of the chess board where he just masters the ability he is like the Swiss Army knife crossed with the best all around offensive player in the league. He could score when he needs to. He is setting people up. He's the best athlete in the league and he's just mastered whatever version that is. Then he goes to Cleveland, puts on more weight. Now he's got this weird post-up power game and that's where he kind of moves through the mid 2000 tens there where it's like he's still the magic, not really doc anymore hybrid. It's more like a magic Carl Malone hybrid with a little Jordan Thorn in not that much, but really magic in Carl Malone's body using the physicality.


And that peaked in the 2018 season where he is bully balling anybody. And that that's basically where he's been. He added the three point shot. So like the 3.50 version of this was that Carl Malone magic combo with the three point shot. I don't know what this version is and I don't know if he really knows either because they have this incredible offensive player on their team. Don shoot 31, 12 and nine tonight and all they're doing the whole game is trying to get go bear to get switched on to Luca. That's it. That's the offensive strategy for the most part. Where's Conley? Can we torture him? Oh, he is not in. Let's go after go bear and LeBron's over in the corner watching, you know, for, for key possessions.


And it's really weird to watch in person because he still looks like LeBron. He's, he's still as athletic as you know, as he was in his post prime. He can still create his own shot. He still is doing all the same, you know, looking for teammates, all that stuff. And then there's times he just seems marginalized. You kind of forget, he is out there for a couple possessions and he's figured out always how to be involved in the game even if he's not involved in the play. And he is always moving, he is always hustling. He is using his brain and it was really cool to watch. I, I was really impressed. So for them, he's kind of a little dream on d on defense, I guess Better, better rebounder. He had how many rebounds he have tonight?


11. Trying to protect the rim every once in a while and then just keeping energy attacking, trying to get offensive rebounds and picking his spots and when they need him. You know, he missed, missed a few wide open shots today, which was uncharacteristic for him. But I thought it was really cool to watch and whatever balance they found tonight is just how they're gonna have to play. And I don't know if it's sustainable, but when you think about it, I said this before, to win three rounds in the playoffs you have to go 12 and nine. So can this team be slightly above 500 for three rounds? Like three maybe? I, I, I personally don't think either of these teams are gonna win three rounds.


I think the, it's gonna be OKC Clippers, whoever wins that series will be in the finals. I still thought that before the playoffs. I think that now. But when you think of what they did tonight on FanDuel, that's moved down to minus one 12. The Lakers, Minnesota was, I think they were minus 180 after they won game one. So this series is just swinging back and forth and I picked Lakers in seven before the series. I will say this, and this leads to my second point 'cause I wanna talk about Edwards for a second. Minnesota has to win this in six. I don't, I, I know, like I said on Sunday's pod, this team doesn't care where they play. They're not afraid of anybody.


And, and I certainly didn't think they seemed afraid tonight the Lakers just had more energy than they did. But this is gonna be a tough place to play at Game seven because of how good of a, how smart of a player Luca is offensively combined with how smart LeBron is and just the way they can pick their spots, how the energy, the crowd can kind of keep sustaining them and how JJ now realizes I can't play Jackson Hayes anymore. I basically have six guys, six and a half backs. I just think it's gonna be a hard place to win with when they can always just default to, all right Luca, where's Gobert? Let's do that again. And I think Minnesota, you know, they have three and four at home.


The long, the longer the series goes, the Lakers are probably just thinking, can we just, can we somehow get this to seven if we're just gonna trade wins, whatever, if we have that seven at home, we're gonna have so many advantages. They're so hard to officiate too, you know, the way that everybody's bouncing off everybody. So I still feel like this is seven and if you're telling me these two teams are playing in a game seven from what I watched tonight, I would still slightly tilt toward the Lakers. But you know, would I be surprised if Minnesota wins? No. So the first take is Lakers did their job today because there was another scenario, this game where they go down oh two and it just feels like everything's gonna self combust. But that did not happen.


Second piece, Edwards had a weird game and you know, he's young. I I, he's 23, 24, I can't remember. And you know, he had nine assist in the first game and, and played with a energy and pizazz. I think he was hurt like the shoulder was bugging him, basically didn't do anything, wouldn't, wouldn't shoot in the first quarter as the Lakers are taking a big lead and ends the game. He has, I'm gonna say zero assist. Yeah, 25.0 assist ends up taking 22 shots but didn't really shoot in the first quarter. This is the last level for him. And he is not close yet.


He might be two years away from me yet. And we saw him do it for a stretch last year in those first two rounds where he put together, I think it was seven, eight games where there was just a real mastery of the moment, the games, the other team, how to set up everybody, just how to impact the game for four quarters. He did not have that tonight. I'm not surprised 'cause I think I, I, as I've said before, 26, 27 is when I really think a guy turns into who they're gonna be. And right now he is 23 years old, he turns 24 on August 5th. This is what they need from him if they're gonna win three straight rounds because the conference is just better this year.


Just this. So you win this series, now you're playing Golden State probably next round I would guess maybe Houston and Houston crawls back, but probably Golden State. And then after that you're playing the winner of KC and I assume the Clippers, there's a, there's a sense of the moment slash mastery for him that went a little sideways in the Dallas series, in the conference finals last year. And same thing this time where the guy that he's gonna be, that he's not yet, you kind of feel it in games like tonight. He just seemed young to me tonight. He seemed like a, like a young awesome player that just seemed good that they won game one and didn't, didn't seem desperate in the right way.


Right? And that's fine. That's, that's where you, you won the game. You're going back to Minnesota, you win three and and you're done and you get to the next round. But I think what he'll learn in situations like this, like when you're talking like 27-year-old aunt, the thing that he's gonna learn that I don't think he really fully has fully he realizes yet is like this is a, you know, go for the jugular game. This is like we, if we go up oh two, they're not gonna come back. We're gonna three games in Minnesota and he just didn't have that tonight. And again, I don't know how hurt he is, but it was a weird one from him. Minnesota also couldn't make a three part of that had to do with how, how, how the Lakers are scrambled around.


But Minnesota finished five for 25 after they went like 30 for 40 in game one I think. But it was a game that ant just couldn't match the intensity of the other team. Randall was ironically really good. He had 27 physically I noticed, especially in person watching the bodies bang because you always get a better sense of it in person. He, he bangs with LeBron, he bangs with Luca like he's as big and as strong at Rui. He's as big as strong as anyone in the wakers and it actually seems like a really good matchup. The problem for Minnesota is the Conley piece Conley zero points today, oh for five had some wide open shots and just looked old and they didn't really know what to do.


Got in foul trouble right away, but still not positive. Who the best five guys are as a unit on this Minnesota team. And I think not positive they know either. So I don't know what's gonna happen in this series. It's really gonna depend on two things. Can the Lakers get away with playing those four guys as many minutes as they played them tonight? 'cause I think they're gonna have to win four games. That's one. And then the second is, does Ian have it in him to be the best player in this series? Because I don't see another scenario that, that they win three more games unless he can rise up a level. He had that incredible dunk in the third quarter that was breathtaking.


But this feels like it's an ant verse Lucas series. That was my takeaway tonight. I think LeBron is gonna do what he did tonight and he's going to, you know, he, he's a fixed cost in this series. I know what I'm getting from him. For the most part, the threes are gonna come and go, but for the most part we're gonna get the energy and the creativity like we had tonight. Luca is the wild card because he might have, you know, he might have 45 points in game three and then an on the other end, what can he create and how much can they survive? This weird go bear thing, he was really bad today. He was six and six some Butterfinger moments and they just kept attacking him and attacking him, attacking him.


And ultimately who's their best five? So this is why we love seven game series. This is gonna keep moving and keep changing, but when I think back to this game during the summer, I'm gonna think of the, of just how fucking hard LeBron played. I really respect it guys. You know, it's, it's like the, like the Brady thing, you know, and Brady was at the tail end of his career and you he just, the competitiveness almost went up because there's legacy stuff and you're comparing your career to like the best parts ever and there's some sort of drive that has to kick in to keep the process going. And what we saw from LeBron tonight was really, I know the box score was pretty pedestrian but man he really gives a shit.


I really respect it. We're gonna take a break and we're gonna come back and Zach Low and I are gonna talk about Kawhi Leonard, the NBA playoffs in full swing.


There's no better way to be part of the accident with FanDuel America's number one sports book. If you think you know how it's gonna go down on a Wednesday, make those predictions pay off with FanDuel and their Hump Day Parlay Profit Boost. For instance, you could take, I think the rockets are gonna win game two. Maybe I'll be wrong, but I like the under with the Rockets to win the first half in the game and you could parlay that together and that's plus 2 68 and you can do the parlay specials, whatever you want. It's your shot at a bigger payout at no extra cost. Don't be a spectator this postseason, it's only round one. Get a lot of time left. Head to FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one sports book and make every moment more Must be 21 plus President Select states or 18 plus and president in DC opt-in required bonus issued as no drawable profit. Boost tokens restrictions apply including any token expiration and max wager amount C terms@sportsbook.failure.com Game problem called 100 GAMBLER or visit rg help com.


This episode is brought to you by Nissan. If you're planning on an adventurous 2025, you're gonna need a car that can keep up with you and conquer anything in your path. The Nissan Armada Pro four x is that car with a twin Turbo V six engine ready to propel your adventures. Up to 8,500 pounds of towing capacity to haul all your favorite toys and space for eight passengers. This unshakeable fortress will chew up and spit out anything you throw at it. Learn more at the all new 2025 Nissan Armada at Nissan usa.com. Towing capacity varies by configuration. See Nissan Towing Guide and Owner's manual for additional information. Always secure cargo.


Alright, taping this part of the podcast with Zach Load is 1220 afternoon ET so we don't know anything that happened. The Tuesday night games we're gonna look backward. But look, big picture, I wanna talk Clippers nuggets with you and I wanna talk about Kawhi Leonard with you Clippers. Nuggets is everything we want from a round one playoff series. Who do you think is gonna win this series, by the way, now that you've seen two games? So I picked Nuggets in Seven, which is your tell for don't feel great about it Went Home Court Advantage and best player in the world. And I listened to you and Ryan after game one. I felt exactly the same way you guys did that The Nuggets kind of stole that game.


And I would feel really good about the series if I were a Clippers fan and then they won game two. Obviously we're doing this right after that. I would feel good if I were a Clippers fan. I'm gonna stand by my pick obviously. 'cause you know I don't re-pick, re-pick series halfway through. But I think Clippers have outplayed them and if they're gonna have, we're gonna talk about Kauai and if they're gonna have one guy in each game and it was hardened in game one, Kauai in game two, who's essentially like on par with Yoic, they're gonna win the series, Right? They just need somebody to cancel him out numbers wise in some way. They got out rebounded by 18 last night and won.


Yeah, they got, they survived a really great Michael Porter performance compared to his complete no show in game one. And that didn't matter. But the Kauai piece was the piece and it got me thinking like you and I have known each other for basically Kauai's entire career. I think we first met each other at least like on email or wherever in 2011, which is, he was drafted. Although one of the best pieces you ever wrote for Grantland was the Kauai George Hill trade piece. Which was, I think, I just remember when you wrote it, I was like, this is, I feel like this is where basketball writing is heading. Like it's not just like who, you know, this is like some sort of, it was sourced, why did they do this?


Where's this going? It was a sliding doors moment. And then we Watched, I couldn't believe, I still can't believe they like multiple front office people talked to me on the record for that piece about like what was going on during the draft, what were they thinking? I'm like, well maybe that's why. Maybe it was like a newish piece and they were like, oh we, this will be fun. Let's do this interview and reveal like what was going on for this crazy trade. But Don't think that would happen anymore. Right? That's what I'm saying. I don't think anyone's doing that. Again, for some reason in the early 2000 tens, people were like, here's some information, take it wherever worked, Worked out well for me. So then Kawhi, he has a couple different arcs. There's never been a career like this and I said to you, just come on my podcast, we're not gonna do an hour and a half.


Let's talk about Kawhi Leonard because I can't remember really anything like this. I think it's the second biggest what if career of all time. I'm gonna start there. I think Bill Walton is still number one. I think Kawhi is second where it's been a great career. He is making the hall of fame anyway. He was NBA top 75. But there's this extra gear and it came down to bad luck and injuries, which happens so much in the NBA. But you see stuff like last night and you go back and you look through some of the history and you're like, could this guy have been like one of the 15 best players of all time? Oh there's, there's no, did he make top 75? I think he did, right? He did. So there's no question he would be one of the top, he might already be one of the top 50 players of all time.


He's a two time finals. MVP, he's kind of like the Yeah, I I said 15, 0 15. I'm talking like, oh, I'm talking high levels. So now you're talking Like I'm talking, he's in the Durant Durant, Barkley Giannis maybe heading toward where that Shaq, Moses Hakeem level. Like whoa, how high could it have gone? I don't know, I just don't know Now health is a huge part of this. Durability is a huge part of this. And the, and the best guys ever have always managed to stay on the court has been one of the things. And he wasn't able to do that, which is why it's a what if. But his best was up there with everybody from this century, No question.


Two time finals. MVP defensive player of the year, 50, 40, 85 in the playoffs. And we'll talk, we, I have, I did a little dig, I got, I did some basketball reference sorting. I got some good stuff. Hmm, all time. Two-way wing, most valuable position in the league has multiple iconic playoff series playoff moments and one of the most iconic playoff shots in the history of basketball. The Fort Bouncer right in in in Toronto against the Sixers. And like, again, you never know, like with these guys like all the time he's missed if he had played all that time, what if he, it's, if he had played twice as many minutes or 1.5 times as many minutes, how does he look right now?


Because right now he looks incredible and fresh and all that stuff. But yeah, I mean look, he hasn't finished the season healthy since 2020, since the bubble. He has not finished his team season available to play since the Clippers flamed out in the bubble. And knock on wood, we're only two games into this and he's playing a ton of minutes and he played a ton of minutes at the end of the season if he plays like this. Like I, I think we just g did you just give up on this? Like I just kind of g like when they lost Paul George and free agency. Yeah, I was just kind of like, he's gonna miss half the season. It's gonna be all dependent. I just didn't see the Clippers ever reaching this level again in this iteration of them in part because I just kind of gave up on this.


It just seemed like a pipe dream that we'd ever see this level Kauai in the playoffs every game. And I, I really, you know how much I love Kauai. I voted an MVP in the year Russ won the MVP when it was a super controversial vote. I think I was one of eight guys to vote for him. I thought he was the best player in the league that year. And I just hope we get to see this because what he did, what he's doing and just eviscerating every defender that they threw at him last night, 15 of 19 for 39 points is ridiculous. And and the last basket of the game or Yeah, it was to put them up by three Hard, hard shots too and To steal right after That. Testing shots, right? He, he just, what we saw last night in game two, which is why I wanna do this segment.


'cause I don't feel like it's possible to overreact to it. No, what he did last night was as good as I think I've ever seen him play. And this is a guy who's had some amazing, amazing moments. But yeah, I mean if you go through it, there's so many what ifs with him where you start with like, what if, what if the 2017 playoffs when he gets hurt, right? I don't think they would've beaten Golden State. I think that's one of the three or four best teams of our lifetime. But it would've been a good series. And We saw, we saw enough in the two and a half quarters of that game to be like, okay, like they're, he's gonna give them a punchless chance in all these games. Like they'll probably lose four, two or four one.


But this is gonna, this isn't gonna be like a walkover like everything else they had that year. Yeah, He's gonna be throwing punches. What if he signs off on the 2018 Boston trade is a really good what if, okay, take when Boston was trying to come after him. Take me, take me. That's, that's your, that's your world. Take me into that, into That way. Well that at least would've been Jalen Brown and some other stuff and you know, I I think Boston was really hesitant to actually consider talking about it because he was making it so clear. This is a one year thing And I'm going to LA And wink wink, I'm, I'm going to a different city after when Toronto didn't care. There's the what if Kaas resigns with Toronto in 2019 because they had a pretty good nucleus, you know?


And you think like the league was a little bit weird there in 20 and 21, 22. Could they have back gotten back? They won Back something games the next year. Yeah, they were one of the best story I think. Did Nick nurse win Coach of the year that year? I think after, yeah, there's the what if Kawhi signs with LeBron and the Lakers in 2019, which is what we thought was gonna happen. Woo. And I don't even know, can they get Anthony Davis at that point? Probably, I don't know if they could, maybe they could have fit all these, I can't remember the details of it, but maybe if you get Kauai, you don't need Anthony Davis and you are using those picks for other things. You're building around those two guys, those two guys make sense together. What if, what if he starts getting hurt within a couple months after that trade and now LeBron has no running mate And that just Goes, it's ridiculous to even suggest this bill.


Nothing like that ever falls into the Lakers laps. It doesn't happen. They don't just get stars that go to their team like shockingly. Yeah, it doesn't happen. What if Covid doesn't happen is a really good what if for really a bunch of different people in 2020? But especially when you think about where the league was at that moment. Milwaukee was kicking everybody's ass. The Lakers and Clippers were the two best teams in the west and it felt like there were three teams and then everyone else and we were headed toward this la versus la then the Covid, the bubble things get weird, whatever. And then, you know, the last one is what if he stays healthy in 2021 when he gets hurt. And then Paul George elevates, but I, I forgot this. He played 11 playoff games that year in two in 2011 and he averaged 30 a game in the playoff games.


Seven against, seven against Dallas and yeah and four against Utah. Four against Utah. And then kind of left. I went to the game where he kind of left near the end of the game. It's like Uhoh, that's not great. And well can we, can we, could we just stop for a second like Yeah, we, we shouldn't, we shouldn't slow down on it. We should, we should slow down at a couple of things. Yeah, the first one is the bubble and Covid because I picked the Clippers to win the championship that year and we learned pretty quickly even during the bubble and then after that no team wanted to be there less than the Clippers and they just completely, I, I don't know that I've ever seen a team let go of the rope like that. Like they did against Denver. Like they Wanted to leave over trying to try to win the title seemed to be a feeling that was pretty pervasive.


And 2021 he gets hurt against Utah. The series is two two when he gets hurt and they end up winning the series the end, the essentially the end of the jazz of the Mitchell Gobert, you know, iteration. Yeah they had one more year after that. But everyone knew it was kind of over. We just like I I that 45 point game six to save the clipper season and remember that series against Dallas, they get rolled the first two games in LA they're down like a million points in game three in Dallas and it just feels like it's over. They saved the season. They're still down three two in game six and he plays one of the best games I've ever seen anyone play. 18 of 25. 13 of 16 at the line, 45 points and the usual defense and single handedly wins the game and saves their season.


Then he follows it up with like a whole hum 28, 10 and nine and game seven, right? Just that's one of the best games that's up there with any game I've ever seen anybody play. I just wanted to say that it's fair, slow down and and say that game Well and then you think from a equipper standpoint, the most tortured NBA franchise we have and 21 is just wide open. You look back at that season, it's like Bucks team that I'm not even sure was the best Bucks team. The suns make it right And I think there's a bunch of teams that are like, oh we could have beaten that if this had happened or this had happened or this had happened and that ends up being our finals and the Bucks wins but Bucks win. But I think the 22 bucks team, you could make a case of Middleton's healthy that year that probably they're probably a better team than the 21 team.


So anyway, a whole bunch of what ifs from the what if career standpoint. Walton's still number one for me because he just wins multiple titles in the late seventies and goes down as one of the best 15 guys ever. He Kawhi is second and then my other two for my lifetime were Andrew. Tony who really only played five years and then his feet went on him. But I just think would've been a hall of fame, two guard and probably the second best two guard in the league behind Jordan. And then Bernard King was the other one, the 28, he's 28 years old when he blew out his knee. He was averaging 33 a game that year. Ooh. Which in 19 mid eighties standards is like 40 and came back but was never really the same but was the, you know, he was the forward scoring Michael Jordan of that era.


And then the only other one I have is Yao. I'm glad you brought up Yow because I Wanna bring him up later. Yeah. It was the one where it's like, ah man, we kind of forget that Yao only played like eight years. Ralph Sampson Sampson's a good one. I don't, It was, I'm Not sure he knew where, yeah he got hurt but I'm not hurt. I've always felt like he spent four years in college and then it's like, am I a center? Why am I in the perimeter this much? I'm never sure he totally figured that out from like a ceiling standpoint. Yao could have been 23 and 10 for like 15 years, but I think the China National team murdered him. And then there's some other ones. There's like the team A and cwe, but those are guys like they had good careers and they got hurt a little bit later.


But I think those are my five. Anybody else you have? Well There are some. It depends how, how what if you wanna, I mean Len bias. Yeah But We're, so I'm glad you brought up ya because I just did, I just did to to point to your point about how unique Kauai's career is. I just did a search on bachelor reference people in the hall of fame with player efficiency ratings for their career. PPER, everyone craps on and out. It's like a useful, like if I just need a catchall, like was this guy good? How was he? Right? Yeah. PR above 22 for their career. Kawhi is regular season is 23.2. Yeah I think and 'cause I wanted to see how many guys hall of fame, that elite level and how many played fewer than Kauai Minutes wise.


I think Kawhi are about 23,000 career regular season minutes. There's only, there's only three guys in the hall of Fame that meet that PER standard and play fewer minutes than Kauai One is George Micen. Okay. Like original NBA. Right. You know Dinosaur but innovator, A BA commissioner, all that one is Neil Johnston, fifties Philadelphia Warriors. Oh yeah, player. Probably made your book of basketball. Bill Russell kind of took him out. And the third is Ying. And so that was a name that I thought of right away when I, and even before I did that search, he only played 15,818 career minutes. But obviously unlike Yao, Kawhi is a multi-time champion, multi-time finals. MVP, there's just, there's and then you go, right And then there's a Neil Johnson played 18,300 minutes and then there's a 10,000 minute jump to the next guy on this list and it's Dr.


J who obviously played in the A BA too. So he is got other men. Yeah. Like there's just, there's a 10,000 minute gap between those two guys and Kawhi is right in the middle of it. Well and then you think there's only three guys who, whoever won finals MVP for two teams and the other two are LeBron and Kareem. I have my 42 club that I still stand by as one of the dumbest foot love the 42 Accurate Club is the, wait is that the one that cuts off Carl Malone or cut like Yeah I got to 42 because it was the best way to cut off as many Carl Malone seasons as possible points, rebounds and assists. Poor cut. Poor Poor. Sorry Carl. No, Don't be sorry If you go 42 club, who made the finals since Michael Jordan.


Shaq has three, LeBron has six Kobe once in oh one Iversson once in oh one. Didn't win the title Duncan in oh three. 45.4 Hawaiian 1940 5.4 Giannis in 21, 48 0.1 Yoic in 23, 53 0.5. And Luca last year, 47.0 gives you a sense of first of all how great that 19th season was. But then also like that's where we are. And the only outlier in all that is probably Iversson who just, he took a ton of shots but wasn't like a points rebounds assist. Like how some of these other ones, even Kobe only made it once.


And then the other thing with Kawhi, well how many guys have gone from incredible glue guy to awesome A plus list score. I was trying to think like SGA Kauai was a better glue guy than SGA, but where you thought their career was gonna be one thing and then it became something completely different. That's A great Question. How many guys can you think of who were like, wow, I, I just didn't see this because we, we were working together and we were going to those finals games. I never thought Kawaii would be a guy who averaged 30 a game in the playoffs.


That was inconceivable. Well I remember after the first Spurs heat final that the Spurs lose the Ray Allen game and all that, he, he had moments in that series. I don't have his game log up in front of me now, but he had moments in that series where it was like, ooh, something something's interesting is happening with this Kauai. Like he's, he's guarding LeBron like that. Okay, fine. Like he's a great defensive player. Actually, lemme bring up his game log as I'm talking, but he's guarding LeBron, He's guarding LeBron comfortably. And by the way Yeah and LeBron respects him already and now he has games I'm looking at, here are the, the here's his last three games of the, of those 2013 final 13 or 14, 13. 13. The one they lose to to Miami.


16 points on six of eight, shooting 22 points and 11 rebounds on nine of 14 shooting game seven 19. Yeah, I misses a big free throw in game six. Obviously people remember that 19 and 16 on eight of 17 in game 7, 45 minutes, 46 minutes a game before he has double digit rebounds in five of the seven games. Wow. And I remember before the next season I wrote a piece about this is this for Grantland, this guy is the biggest X factor in the league this year. And I was like, the only time I think I ever got a one-on-one interview with Kauai, I called the Spurs. Wow. I was like, hey, I'm writing all about this kid to keep as a kid back then, whatever. And I remember their PR guy, Tom James was like, this will this, this will be your one for the year.


Like don't, don't call and ask for pop. He was being polite about it but like, you know how the Spurs are. I was like, you're not getting pop Like this will be the one, but like I think it's a good idea, you should do it. And then he ends up winning finals mvp, making me look really, really smart. But you could see enough in that first finals where it was like, okay, something different is going on, something more is here. But again, to be an MVP candidate and a guy who have, you know, will go through his playoff numbers, but you even then you even in the 2014 finals, I don't think you could see that coming. He was kind of like MVP by, you had to pick a spur and he was, you know, yeah. Nobody, it was such a team win. And he did, you know, LeBron's numbers are actually pretty good when you look back at that series.


But he did a good job of at least going toe to toe with LeBron, which is why I think he won. And his stats were good. He was in an interesting spot there the first couple years we were working together where he was the go-to guy if you were talking about, you know who I really love and he was the guy like, who's that now in 2025? Or the, you know who I really love. It would've been Like, it's like a Jalen Johnson, like those guy but on a better team. But those kind Of, it could have been like Evan Mobley or Cade Cunningham before this year. Right, right. But maybe not even quite quite that. But he didn't have the pedigree of those guys. Right? No, but it was one of those things coming outta the gate where they were like, yeah, there's something here with this guy. But I always thought his, I thought he was gonna be Pippin and Pippin was a better like kind of passer creator than him.


He had the ball more than Kaia did. But to me the best still to this day, the best three perimeter players I've ever seen in person and maybe, maybe a man Thompson can get here, but wow, maybe, I don't know what is he 22, but the best I've ever seen in person. Pippin one, Kauai and Rodman, if I'm just talking about A long, you talking about athleticism and just I need a long athletic perimeter to shut down this score. Who am I picking? Those are the three guys. And then after that we can argue, but those three guys have to be on the list. Is there anybody else you would add For defense? I'd, I'd have, I'd have to sit and think about it for a second. But I mean, you know, Gary Peyton wasn't big enough to, to be in this conversation, right?


Like as is it You're talking about guys who could guard everybody from LeBron James to Tony Parker. Like you just, anybody basically from six one to six 10 they could handle. And also maybe even like, you could throw Kaw yoic at this point and it's not like crazy. I'll give you this one too. Like I, I'm gonna, I I sound like an old man, it's not that long ago, but like he's still a very good defender now. Like if he were healthy and played the whole year, he'd be in the alt defense conversation. Yeah. That that's, he's still that good peak Kauai like 2016 to 1819 defensive player of the year candidate Kauai. Yeah. Was legitimately terrifying.


And to the point that he would turn entire games, entire games by himself. Like steal dunk, block dunk, steal three pointer. It'd be like what just happened? Did that one guy Yeah. Just go a nine oh run. And I remember the most underrated playoff series I think maybe anyone has ever played is that year Kauai against Memphis in 2017 in the first round like a, like a ho hum Memphis team disperse should have won that series. Yeah. He was like incredible in that series and did everything for that team and, and just like people can go back and look it up. But I like remember the Ben Macklemore thing?


I think he ruined Ben Macklemore's career because Ben Macklemore tried to dribble within like a 10 foot radius of Kauai and Kauai just took the ball out of his hands, two possessions in a row and went and dunked on the other end. I wanted to write a story about that. I approached Ben Macklemore's people once and I was like, can I write this story? And they're like, eh, I don't think he wants to talk About that. Still is still not ready. But he ended up I writing something different about him. He had quite an, he was very sweet guy and had an interesting arc to his career. But like look, peak Kauai, if you were not like an A level dribbling, you could not dribble anywhere near him. He would just take the ball from you. Well I remember one of my last pieces I wrote for Grantland, we did this art drawing 'cause I was talking, we were talking about how Kauai was like an octopus.


He, he hit this level the second half of that 2015 season coming off the finals MVP and that second half of the season where there was a lot of storylines going, right? Like Curry, the Warriors are winning 67 games. Curry's about to win an MVP. Blake has become one of the best five guys in the league. LeBron's in his first Cleveland season, harden is starting to really kick ass on Houston. And it felt like this sea change of like this new generation of guys taking over, kind of taking the steering wheel of the league. And then Kauai was in there just wrecking everybody. And I remember we did this octopus drawing of him and it's, you can find it probably on the one of the last ground, but Kas face on this octopus, he would just kind of be on the court.


I'm ball. But you Could see the moment when he would decide, actually I think I can just get the Balling like Everything is normal. I'm, how about I just take it, I'm just gonna grab it. So that stretch he had on the Spurs basically from the second half of 15, 16, 17, leading to him stepping on On's foot. He, he was as good as any and we have Durant humming on OKC at that point. We have kind of the last stages of Carmelo. We have LeBron on Cleveland. We have a lot of good forwards and it's just this amazing forward stretch. I have him, I was thinking most talented small forwards in my lifetime, just talented.


I'm not going best career into that stuff. And LeBron's one and Birds two and then Kawai versus Durant. If you're just talking Apex, it's pretty good. It's a pretty good argument. I don't, that's almost a three a three B thing and I don't, Durant's had a better career 'cause he was more durable. I don't know the answer. It's, it's actually kind of amazing and speaks to how great he was during, you know, that five or six year stretch that he's a six time allstar because it doesn't feel like he's been healthy enough to Yeah. In his prime to be a six time allstar. It's just when he is minimally healthy, it's so obvious that he's one of the five to eight best players in the league. That he just makes the All-Star team every year.


The Durant one is interesting. Durant's got the height and the, the quick twitch shooting from any any range ability. The the bulk and defense and just, you can't move him at all that Kawai brings. Yeah, both of them are their assist numbers. Durant's probably a little higher, but broadly similar in that they're not a primary creator. They're more a secondary creator. It it's, I mean It's an interesting, right, they're in the four assist range. It's an interesting, it's an interesting one. Well one other thing with both of them, there was a little bit of a Swiss army knife with each where I felt like you could play Kauai either forward spot and get away with it, right? You could play Durant. I mean you weren't, it's not awesome to play him at small forward, but you could do it.


But really you could, he has the ability to either go, you go stretch five with him and just go smaller or you can play him with his center was, it was just a more flexibility and a lineup than maybe LeBron had up until later in his career where LeBron was like he needed certain things around him. Those guys you could kind of mold if you, whatever your roster is, you could kind of mold them a little bit. But I, I really think those are the four best quote unquote small forwards I've seen in my lifetime. Can Can I, these are, these are great names. Can I just do it, read you another list of things I got from basketball reference. Do it. Searching Around. I'm ready. I just did playoffs.


These are playoff numbers again. PR is not a perfect stat. Good catchall, kauai's, career playoff PR is 24.3. It's higher than his regular season pr. Wow. That, that alone is an accomplishment by the way. Playoff. Well for perimeter guy, that's really high. If you can maintain your efficiency stat, if you're an elite player and you can just maintain your regular season efficiency into the better competition of the playoffs. Yeah that alone is an accomplishment. To go up a mini level is a big, big deal. So I did above 24 PER at least 4,000 minutes in the playoffs. Ka why is at 5,009? I think so you gotta have been there a decent amount of time and you maintain a 24 efficiency, 24 pr, eight guys total have ever done it.


And I'll go in order of their player efficiency ratings. Number one, Michael Jordan, 28.6. Number two, LeBron James, 27.9. Number three, Shaq 26.1. Number four, I still think for my money may be the most criminally underrated player in the history of the NBA akeju on 25.7. Not by me, not in this house. Number Five is a tie at 24.3 and it's just too good that it's a tie. Tim Duncan and Kawhi. Wow. And then right below them at 24 2 is Barkley who has the fewest playoff minutes of this group. And right below Barkley is Durant at 24 flat.


And that's it. That's the whole list. The legend's not in there. I'll look up his playoff pr I mean I know Jesus, I, I, legend should have an, I should have anticipated your level of Concern. Nah, that's fine. He, the last couple years were a little rocky wearing the back brace Career p In the playoffs. Probably like 23, 21 0.4. Ah, the legend tough. But He's got 20, he's got a 26, A 24. I mean it's, it's Different. It's PRS day. Yeah, it's, It's, it's a, Well I have my own basketball reference list. You had to play at least 20 games in a playoff season. Okay. You had score at least 30 points Per game and you Per game.


And you had to get at least six rebounds. Here's that list, right? So 30, hold on, lemme 30 and 36 and six and at least Games, 20 playoff games. So it's you 20 Plus games. You're making the finals, You're making the finals. Michael Jordan, LeBron James, Hakeem, m lajuan, Shaq, Kawhi, LeBron again. Giannis LeBron, A third time Yoic. That's our list. I mean, it, it lends cre I mean, when you said top 15 earlier in the podcast, I, I mean you're, again, you're getting into sacred territory there in my initial You're at least Near Durant. Yeah. You're, you're, you're in that dirt.


You're above, you're right around Dirk. You know, like yeah, You're, you're, you're in the Dirk, maybe a little edge above Dirk and you're in the Duran area. It's, it's pretty sacred territory. And now that we're going through these lists, I I I, I can't argue against it that it, the what if is that, is that severe? And the what if ceiling is that 22 playoff games, 33 points a game, 10.3 rebounds, 4.5 assists Some somewhere. If You're criminal underwriting Hakeem, you can go to hell, whoever's listen to This, you know, you know who's not criminal underwriting? Hakeem from 1995.


Dave, David Robinson. Not under Course Sha Kill a deal. Yeah. Or Shaq. That's right. Or either of those guys. Yeah. Two couple other quick things with him. Three first team on Bs. Three second team. O Bs that's it for Kauai. Because he kept getting hurt. You could say he's Still like a lot. That's a lot. Yeah. It's Considering, it's a, it's a nice one. You could say he is responsible for title teams in San Antonio, Toronto, and maybe Oklahoma City this year because he wants the clipper. I'm only coming to the Clippers if you give me Paul George. And that leads to, you know, Lots of stuff that's still, still going on The last 10 years of the playoff games, including the two this that we've just had 2016 through the 25 playoffs.


He's 28 and eight 51% shooting 39% from three 88%, 66 games. It's a 10 year stretch. Kept getting hurt. And then, oh, in the 2019 Raptors 30 and nine four assist. 49% field goal for the whole playoffs. But here's the other thing with him. And this is crazy. 7 33 regular season games total. That's his career, which seems low considering he was in the 2011 draft 7 26 winning percentage all time six. Tim, it's Tim Duncan, 2.0. It's this, it's incredible the symmetry of those two guys. So here's the list. Magic Bird, Casey Jones, Cooper, Tommy Heinsen, Kauai Duncan, Sam Jones, Sam Jones.


Russell is our top nine. He's one of the, so a bunch, a bunch of Celtics Just for when I play my team wins almost 73% of the time. And yet I can't stay on the court. And by the way, there are Clipper fans probably listen to this going, you motherfuckers, he's gonna get hurt in game three 'cause you guys did this segment. But there's never been a career like this where he might be, he might end up being like the best guy in the west for the next, you know, this round than the next two. Which, you know, I didn't see you talked about giving up on this. I gave up on giving up on this. I was like three levels beyond giving up on this. Even when he came back during the season, I was like, all right, this is stupid.


He's just gonna get hurt again. And even, Even as you're watching the Clippers finish at whatever, 16 and four, whatever they had of incredible last 35 games. Yeah. And he looks incredible. And you are saying out loud, what, what is completely reasonable, which is that in your opinion, this is the second best theme in the Western conference. And I'm watching it and I'm like, yeah, that makes total sense. And my brain just can't even, it still puts them over here in like a separate category of the standings. Just because I just never believed we would see it again, I just, I wouldn't allow myself to, and, and again, he hasn't finished a, a season since 2020, but I'm glad you brought it back to this year because I think this is the coolest thing happening in basketball right now.


I do too. I, I don't know how far this team can get if he stays healthy and plays like this, but it's minimal. Conference finals. I think they could beat, I, I don't know, I don't wanna put a ceiling on him. Thunder are gonna be favored against anybody. Well, I guess not minimal conference finals 'cause they're in the thunder's bracket. So we'll see like where, where they can go. But would you rather catch the thunder sooner or later? Would you rather catch the thunder after they've just completely demolished this crappy Memphis team and now all of a sudden they're moving up in weight class? I Liked, by the way, I like and I need that one game to adjust almost. I liked Ricci's idea that if you lose by 50 or more in game one, it counts as two a two wins for the team. For Yeah they gotta, they try to push that through.


But I will say like I, not only is this about Kauai, I think, I think the Clippers are the team of the year, the franchise of the year almost in the NBI mean the thunder are the obvious choice 'cause they won 68 games and they're just incredibly well set up for now and tomorrow to, to a level that no team has ever been. But for the Clippers to win 50 games and be looking like this in the postseason after they lost Paul George and everyone including me just wrote this entire era off is now we're just killing time until we pivot into a rebuild and we get our pick spec yet it'll be cool. We're saying like this, you're only doing this 'cause you have a new arena. Yeah. This is fool's gold. You just wanna bring people in and make them feel okay that they can recognize a couple Players and, and the front office was like, actually I think we signed some pretty good role players in free agency and we have a lot of faith in zoo bots to make another level.


And if Kauai ever can play and we're doing our best, we feel like we're still like a pretty, and they didn't, I don't even think they expected, I think they thought we could be like a cool 46 win tough as nails defensive oriented team and for them to be, this is incredible. It's an incredible job by the coaching staff. Ty Lou, Jeff Van Gundy, the whole staff. It's, I I think they, they're like the franchise of the year in the NBA, maybe second to the thunder. I guess I I you can't undersell what an incredible accomplishment it is for them to be a 50 win team and going toe to toe with the best player in the world in the playoff series in the, you know, middle to upper half of the Western conference bracket.


It's, it's ridiculous. Well and they know they could play with o kc, they have a real identity, which I think is so hard to find and there's two teams in the east that have an identity. That's it. Yeah. The Knicks do not have an identity. They just do not Concerning first couple of games for, They do not have an identity. Remember when I, when we did that pod and I said Tibs was my wild card, don't be surprised. I'm feeling better About that prediction. Can I give, can I give you a third? This is supposed to be a black Identity teams Pacers. Pacers have an identity. No good call. Okay. Yeah. I'll accept it. Clippers have an identity and unfortunately it's built around this awesome player and they just kind of never know with him, you know, and they, if you like I heard Marcus Morris today, I saw him on ES ESPN talk 'cause he played with Kawa, he loves him.


And he was like, Kaw was the first guy there. Like the guy works his ass off. He gets this reputation that he doesn't. But the guy worked as hard as any team that I had. But if you talk to people around the clippers and Kawai is always this thing like, yeah, we don't know. He does his own thing. We, he's kind of over here and we just kind of keep our fingers crossed that he is gonna be awesome. The difference this time versus some of the other times he just looks good. Like when you watch him, like his side to side stuff and the athleticism, it feels like it's back. He's got lift on his jumper. Like he made a couple jumpers last night in traffic with a hand in his face and he's able to elevate now like he used to. And he just has that line drive shot.


He can get over anybody and he is such a weird player. There's no player like him now who's like, I just wanna get this 14 footer, I just wanna get to my spot and get it and I'm gonna get it. And you know, so well That's why he is always been an elite postseason player among many other things is that there is some truth to the idea that in the playoffs you need a little bit more than in the regular season at least You need some twos Guys who can get those shots and he can get like the last shot he made last night to put the clippers up at 1 0 5, 1 0 2 I think it was. Yeah, it was the last shot that they, of the game, the last basket of the game. They ran a pick and roll to try and get Jamal Murray switched onto him and for maybe the first time in the entire game the nuggets decided we're not giving you this switch, we're gonna hedge with Jamal Murray risk leaving the screener, who I think was Norm Powell open and figure that part out.


We're just not taking Aaron Gordon off you. And he was like, cool, like Aaron Gordon is a tank. I'm, I'm totally cool with this. I got this, I'm still gonna get to my spot. And he looked, he made that jumper from the right wing over Aaron Gordon and it was vintage Kauai, the height, the trajectory, the ease with which he got there against the defender, who's one of the only guys in the league who can match his size, strength, and athleticism. And it was just like walk in the freaking park. Denver was basically an underdog heading into the series Clippers were minus one 18 favorites. Denver wins game one. I talked about this Sunday night. It flips just a little, the Denver became a minus one 18 favorite, whereas the Minnesota things flipped wildly now on FanDuel, the clippers are minus 180 Cool.


To win the series. Wow. And honestly, if, if you, if you tell me you no way to know this, but if you're like Kauai's playing the rest of the series and it'll be at the level you're seeing, I don't see how Denver wins. I also think Denver has some real issues. It goes beyond the Westbrook stuff. It's, it's just rocky. Like you gotta be for what this Clippers team is with Kauai, you have to be pretty sure of who you are and what you are. And the nuggets, all they know is that Yoic is fucking awesome and I don't think they know anything else about their team. Right. And they getting beyond six guys, they don't even know who the seventh guy is. And he's getting frustrated too. Yeah, he's getting frustrated with the officials. He, he's pr been pretty demonstrative.


Not, not in a bad way, but with teammates trying to point them in the right direction. Seven turnovers missed some big free throws in both games, including two, late in game one, only six of 10 from the line yesterday. I mean he's, well Don't, doesn't they look a little worn down to you too. I'd be worn down. C carrying it's, I thought last night as a, as a giant Yage watcher as I know you're too, but last night the guy seemed like he was physically beaten up last night. You know, he said 20 minor injuries, nothing major, but it's, I sound like I'm making excuses for him. He sucked last night down the stretch. He was bad. It's funny you say that because I was, I, I was in my notes, I was taking on the game. I can't remember when it was in the game, but I'm paying very close attention to every Marie Yoic pick and roll.


How the nuggets decide to guard it. Yeah. Diff different ways different. Their default strategy has been X, Y, and Z and there were two in a row I think in the third quarter maybe, where they didn't, they didn't need to do anything dramatic. They didn't even need to do the, their sort of usual response to it so far in this series because Yoic didn't pop to three, which is dangerous for them. And he didn't roll into floater area for like a pocket pass for Murray, which is a danger area for them. So Zbox just kind of saw it. He just sort of stood at the point of the screen, like 19 feet from the basket and Zbox was like, oh cool, I can just sort of drop back and play this like a normal pick a roll.


And the worst case scenario is he gets a 20 foot jump shot. This is, this is a nice reprieve. And I just took note of those because I was like, I, you don't see him do that very, very often. And it, I said in my notes like maybe he's tired, he should be, he's playing 40 gazillion minutes every night on a team that needs him to do literally everything on offense for them to survive. Yeah, he was four for eight from three last night. I just remember it triggered me in the memories of the Minnesota series last year when I just thought he lost his legs as that series went on because they, they were just absolutely murdering him game after game and they had so many big bodies to throw at him. And then by the end of it, the three sh the three pointers started to go.


When he starts missing free throws. I always feel like that's a bad sign. But I just think the burden he's carrying on this team, especially not knowing if Porter's gonna show up or not. Porter showed up last night and rebounded. He did. I don't know if he's gonna show up for game three. This seems like a team and we've watched a lot of playoffs and I'm even older than you. This seems like a team teetering on this could really go badly in these next two Clipper games. Or they'll just look, Joch will be great in game three and it'll be like, oh what were we worried about? But I just feel like they're like, if I go through every other team, like the Knicks have real problems, we knew this. I don't, I didn't really change anything. I thought of the Knicks other than I was surprised how well the Pistons have played the seven of the eight quarters.


They look good, right? Yeah, they, they'd won horrible quarter and it's a one one series. The Knicks, we knew they didn't have a bench. We knew they were gonna have to play too many minutes with those guys. Denver, I could just see this going any direction now and I think the Clippers are better than them. So we'll see with Kawhi. But I'm glad we captured this moment because well Can, can I just add one more Kawhi thing that is too irresistible given that this is a podcast with you. I think about Kauai a hundred nights a year. 50 nights a year for this reason and this reason only, I don't even know if you remember this, after the 2017 season when Russ wins the MVP and averages of triple double, you voted for Harden I believe, right?


It Was the most we've ever texted about an MVP and you did a classic Zach Rope of dope and you went, although I could feel you going toward Kauai, That was one where I just felt it in my gut. But anyway, so you voted for Harden and you're so proud of the vote that I believe you had the maid, you were someone at Grantland had them Ma had these shirts made. I should have brought it good, but it looks disgusting now. What was that right side of history? There's a white T-shirt. Yeah. And it says 2017 MVP right side of history and it has a photo of Russ and a photo of Harden and it and it check mark in a box next to Harden. Yeah. And now that's been, that's in my pajama rotations. Yeah. It's one of my pajama shirts.


So I, I look at it and it makes me smile but it also pisses me off 'cause I have the wrong vote for me on the shirt. I need a Kawhi version of, I look at the shirt, Kawhi is not on it, it's the right side of history as James Harden. And they're like, well that's not my side of history, but I wear it anyways. Pajamas. So I think about the 2017 MVP like a third of the year 'cause it's pajamas from now. Did you vote for hard and second? Probably. I think so. I I don't, I'd have to go look it up. I probably did. Yeah. That was the year. Like LeBron was fourth and you just felt like this is insane or that, you know, this is the way this is breaking. How, why? That's How it broke. There's there the LeBron MVP conversation goes every once in a while.


The only one he has a, a case for after 2013 is the 18 one. When Harden beat him, I voted For hard and the numbers were round the same. I voted for hard two. But Houston won 65 games and you know, Cleveland LeBron spent six straight weeks pouting. That's and giving everyone side Win, which nobody remembers from basketball reference. He did his whole 'cause he hated his team and was like, I need you to trade all these, all these people Basketball reference doesn't capture that unfortunately. But that's, that's the one that I think people mentioned but Harden clearly should have won that year. Alright Zach, you have a podcast coming Thursday. Thursday. We're gonna recap everything that happens Wednesday and Tuesday, depending on which, on which series we have time to talk about and look ahead to games threes and game four.


I think that's coming right off a Warrior's Rockets game two and it's coming right off Lakers Wolves will have a, a couple extra days of rest. So we'll see if the Lakers are down oh two, it's gonna be Defcon Defcon one across the airwaves. Baby, let's go. Are you on Domingo watch or have you just sold out your stock and given up? I'm gonna keep the stock because I'm going down with the ship. I still, Tim Legler and I used to joke that we needed t-shirts made on to, we could wear on television and the t-shirts would've just said, John, I think Dominga is good because we were both that, that like, we both would just be like, I don't understand. Like we think this guy's good Warriors fans. It's incredibly polarizing. Some of them just think he stinks.


I still think he's interesting and good, but I, you know, if they're not dusting him off now and they're winning games, I I kind of think the ship is sailed. But you never know in the playoff, the longer you would stay in the playoffs if they get through this series, you know, the matchups change, someone gets hurt. You never know. But I, I don't even think about him anymore, sadly. I don't think Steve Kerr does either. Zach, fantastic to see Himm. So glad you're with us. Thanks for Coming up. Thanks For having me.


This episode is brought to you by the Wells Fargo active Cash credit card. This is an ad for the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. That's a mouthful, but that's because it packs a lot in Earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases with a big or small. So whether it's buying tickets to the game with your mom or grabbing a coffee with your dog, earn unlimited 2% cash rewards on purchases made with it. Say it with me, the active cash credit card from Wells Fargo. Learn more at wells fargo.com/active cash terms apply.


This episode is brought to you by vrbo, private Vacation Rentals with vrbo. You always get the whole house so you and your fellow fans can cheer on your team in peace. What's worse than watching a game with somebody who's not rooting for the same team? You're rooting for nothing. But that's why if you book a vacation house with vrbo, you know all the people in your house, they'll be friends, they'll be family. Ideally they'll be the ones who also root for my teams. Plan a winning vacation. Make it a vrbo.


All right, we're taping this part of the podcast early my time on Tuesday morning because Peter Schrager is about to fly to Green Bay for the NFL draft. Why are we having the NFL draft in Green Bay at the single hardest city to get to out of all the NFL cities? Why are we doing this So hard? Planes, trains and automobiles. I think the NFL has decided that sunny weather and new stadiums get the Super Bowl and then cold weather. Cleveland, Philly, Detroit, green Bay, you get the draft. But yes, this will, this will be a different destination than just a direct flight on Delta to to to Detroit. Like last year I forgot to introduce you as ESPN's Peter Schrager.


Oh Yeah. The worldwide leader. You paved the way for me and now I'm here. Here we go. But what way, what way did I pave You? You, I started reading you back in 2002 at my college dorm on ESPN page two and I said someday I wanna write for that website. I didn't realize that 23 years later I'd on on air doing it on ESPN. But I'm here Bill. Let's go. Have they? What, what's the longest stretch? What's the longest day you've had? Like how many shows have you done in one day? Did you do a three show day yet? I did. I'm I'm about to experience what they call the car wash at the draft. I got my schedule. It's like, so Thursday morning you're gonna do get up and you're gonna do SportsCenter and then you're gonna do NFL Live and then you're gonna do, and I'm like, okay, alright.


So we'll see how this goes. But I'm an egomaniac. I'm a narcissist. I like seeing myself on TV and I I'm cool with that. You love this stuff though. You'll, you're ready to do multiple hours at a time. I mean you were just on Get up an hour ago and now you're on this podcast, you're ready to go. No doubt. I'm excited. And it's funny, like we're sitting in the, the getup production meeting and it's Marcus Morris and it's Damien Woody and it's Carlos Boozer and we're talking about the Knicks and you know, I'm a diehard Knicks fan and I, I'm just like trying to stay quiet 'cause I'm here for NFL draft stuff and I just draft just spill my heart. I'm like, I just can't watch de Vincenzo hitting threes and Randall Bull and LeBron and Hartenstein looking like he's an all world center and I'm looking at, yeah, Carl Anthony Towns unable to score and Dennis Schroeder all up in everyone's face or Schroeder it's like, so they let me talk about the Knicks, which was fun and I'll tell you man, like all these ESPN shows, I was biting my tongue last week.


It's like if they don't get past the Celtics and the CVEs, is it a disappointment for the Knicks? I'm like the Celtics and the CVEs, like I'm petrified of the pistons and yeah, here we are and you're gonna go to the game tonight or whatever and you're gonna see Di Vincenzo and Randall light it up again. And the Knicks had zero from Kat and zero from Mikhale Bridges when it mattered. Yeah, it does feel like they, the Knicks fans didn't have enough time to enjoy whatever the team that kind of blossomed last year was and then all of a sudden it just blew up. I don't think, I personally don't think TIPS is the right coach for the team that they currently assembled. And maybe we'll find that out after the year whether they agree with me. But you know, they, they played the two games against the Pistons at home and they lost seven of the eight quarters basically.


No doubt they not a didn't look like the better team or the Better Coach team and you know, campaign in the first game scores 14 and is like this huge spark plug off the bench. He gets three FOS early, we don't see 'em the rest of the night and they had eight bench points. Eight and they're all from Deuce McBride. None of them have great significance. So as a Knicks fan, I'm sitting here, the series is tied at one but I'm not exactly full of optimism, but that's what I bring to ESPN, that's what I bring. Get multi-sport capability, passion, optimism. We're gonna talk NFL draft, which we haven't talked about in the last like five, six weeks as I've thrown myself into it. I don't even know where to start because on the one hand it feels like a draft that could go chalk.


You were on getup today reporting that teams are trying to trade up for two or three. Yep. And we don't even really know for who, whether it's like a Travis Hunter play as an Abdu Carter play. Is it? I just refuse to believe Sanders is a top three pick at this point. Even if the Giants wanted to take him at three, why wouldn't they just flip picks with the Patriots and try to get like a third round picker? Anything? Why would they take him at three? Why not move back, move back one spot. I, I can't imagine in a million years he goes three, I'm not even sure he goes in the first round. I don't think Shado Sanders was ever a top three pick. This is my big treatise on the NFL draft world and the NFL.


Like I, I really value what Mel Kuper has to say and like, yeah, Daniel Jeremiah is like the best in the business and, and all of these different pundits on tv, like for a good month there after the combine it was like, well you've got, you know, cam Ward, you got Abdul Carter, you've got Travis Hunter, you got Shado Sanders. Like the, at no point in this process was anyone telling me that Shado Sanders was a top five pick or a top 10, you know, pick. And then even when the Saints said like nebulous Derek Carr injury, which I roll my eyes about, I don't know what's the story there, but Derek Carr is now, now Do you think that was an my arm? I think it's broken by the Dangerfield Shack Injury.


I can't, I can't say anything publicly because then it comes out. But like I, that one came out nowhere. I don't think the Saints saw that one coming. They're a car's shoulder and everyone's just like, Ooh, saints aren't gonna take them. Like guys, I, I think everyone's mistaking what what we want Shado Sanders to be into what the NFL evaluators see him as. So here's my take on Shado. If he goes three to the Giants, this is one of those cases where they did all the work, they feel comfortable with him and it's like if we like him at 15 or we like him at 20 in this year's draft, oh who cares if it's not one of the blue chip guys, take him at three. We've got our quarterback, we took him at three. Well this we're good. This is The, this is the Bow next Denver last year, right?


No doubt. Like you know what? You like him just take him 12. Can we get him to 28? Sure. Blake, Blake Bortles to Jacksonville. I remember that pick also he went third. Overall everyone's like, they took Blake les's third like and it was a big sprint. If we like him as a quarterback in the first round and we have the third pick, like we're not gonna get cute here. So that's it with Shado and we're recording this on Wednesday. I could tell you there's a, there there is a, sorry, what is today? Today's Tuesday. Tuesday there is a meeting that's going to happen on Wednesday between John Mara and all of the Brain Trust from the Giants and they're gonna go through their draft board and they've talked, of course it's been fluid throughout but like this is one of those where does the owner step in and say guys I am not going through another draft year where we don't get a quarterback.


If we like Shado, I'm okay with you taking him at three. I don't see it happening right now. I see a far more likely scenario being the Giants take Abdul Carter at three and then they trade back into the first round and get either Jackson Dart or Shado Sanders. But just to empty the bag a little bit on this whole thing, like the Giants have been to multiple Shado Sanders games. They have been to, I know Joe Shane himself was at a practice earlier this year. They went, they sent 13 people to the Pro Day. He came to New Jersey, they not only did a visit with him, they then took him out to dinner in Jersey and then last week they went back out there for a private workout, which I'm told went well that and Pat Shermer is his offensive coordinator at you know, in and he's got great relationships with Day and Shane.


So you've got like, if you don't wanna look at the Dion side of it, there's also another voice in there that said Joe Shane's daughter goes to Ole Miss. He's been around that program a whole bunch. Joe Judge, former head coach of the Giants also works for Ole Miss Football right now. So there are people in the organization who are still employed by the Giants who can get the full story on Jackson Dart from Joe Judge who still talks to those guys. Charlie Weiss's kid calls the plays, Brian DaBell and Charlie Weiss, the cast thieves have a long relationship. So as much as we wanna say, like while they put all this time into Shado, they know Jackson Dart also. So I am not convinced that Shado is this quarterback.


The Giants are are certainly being linked to. I think Jackson Dart could easily be that guy as well. Sheer had a tidbit about how, which I agree with that some organizations slash coaching staffs would be afraid of taking Sanders because Dion is just looming over you as you're replaced with this head coach the moment you take his son. Which I think ties into what I see with the Giants and you know I have some intel in the Pats. I, the Pats don't, the Pats don't know what the giants are gonna do and the Pats are heading into this draft prepared to not know up until the Giants are on the clock and then building out all their scenarios from there.


But I think the intel a lot of people are having are, you have the people who they might not be there in a year in the Giants, right? The gm, the coach, well they just can, can we just take the best possible player and whatever you have the long-term planning people who are like maybe we, you know, maybe we could turn this pick into a bigger asset. And then you have the owner who knows what the family thinks. So you basically have three different sides all who have these vested interests. Like what if day ball's like I'm gonna get fired unless we take Sanders at three and he's good If Sanders is at three and he's good, I might keep my job for a little bit. He might also think the opposite way and be like, if we take Sanders, I'm definitely getting fired.


No doubt. So no doubt. I just think It's so interesting how many different agendas are going on and what a mess they've been for the last decade, which is just a fact. The word, the word is a giant delta on what? On what Sanders's draft stock could be. And three is where it begins. And I will not close the door on the Giants at three because of exactly what you're saying. There's different agendas going on. There also might be different evaluations and there's different philosophies on, hey if we draft Abdul Carter and he gets seven sacks and we're five and 12, like it, it, it doesn't, that doesn't help any of us and it doesn't necessarily do anything to strengthen the team far greater than what they have. Which is Brian Burns and Dexter Lawrence and Kayvon Tibo.


They have defensive line. So it's not like this is some pressing need that would just be, hey he could be Micah Parsons or hey he could be Lawrence Taylor. That's why you take him up at three. But Miles Garrett might be the best pass rusher in the sport. There's been, you know, a lot of turnover in Cleveland since they took Miles. Garrett, you get a quarterback and suddenly you say, okay well DLL's a quarterback guy, you know, we've gotta pay some time here to see this quarterback develop a little bit. That's why we have Russ. And then you kind of give yourself a little breathing room and say, well there's obviously signs of development. I, I would also add with the the Shado thing, he could go three there. He could still be on the board at 34.


Hmm. So to me this is one of those where, and I I've said it and I get like caught, people get caught up in the comparison but not since Johnny Menzel have, we had a prospect where I walked into draft night and said this guy can go first over all or this guy doesn't even belong in the first round because of so many differing opinions. And my last point on, well Lamar had like what like a 20 pick swing for where he could go like Yeah and it would've been shocking if he was in the high teens. It would've been shocking if fell the second round. Yeah And what's amazing about the Lamar one is that people forget the Ravens took Hayden Hurst at 22 so it's not passed. Not like he was, they took a tight end and then they traded back and Lamar says, I'm gonna get you guys a Super Bowl ring.


And it's like, alright we'll see. Well sure enough he's, he's everything you'd want more but people forget that 30 teams pass on him including the Baltimore Ravens. Well That's the Patriots of Brady. They passed on him in the fourth round and the fifth round no doubt. And then they took him in the sixth round so no doubt it's like smart. But you also passed on him. The Dion thing is interesting. So Shado Sanders has never played for a coach other than his dad. Yeah, In high school and in college. Red flag, What's up? Is That a red flag or is that just weird? That's The question and then it's, well he didn't do that. He just plays for his father and and and that's fine. The other side of it is like Dion's shadow might be large but like if you're a coach and you're that insecure then you probably have your own issues.


Like Mike Tomlin is the reason I would think Pittsburgh makes sense 'cause Mike Tomlin's not gonna be Yeah we seek care. He's not gonna be nervous of like Dion Sanders talking in the media locally about his son that said you go to a weaker coaching staff in a weaker market and they're one in seven and Shado still not on the field. Dion, Dion might have something to say a couple other things just because Wait can I ask you a quick before you do the couple other things? Yeah, what's the craziest team in round one that could take Shado that you think there's actually like a 1% chance it could happen. So it's completely insane but also you could see it Is there a team?


There's there's, there's two teams. Okay, not at 11 but you're telling me Shado still on the board at 30, 31, 32 and we've got Rock Purdy talking about where he wants and what he wants the San Francisco, you know, pull the plug and just say screw it, we'll take two young quarterbacks we'll see, we'll still sign maybe you know, So not at but not at 11 but maybe a trade back. Yeah. Okay. And then Seattle who gave Sam Darnal a three year deal. But there's a lot of ways out of that three year deal after the first year or second year and if Seattle was to look at things and say we like Shado and let's just give ourselves some security here behind him, that would be two teams that I think that no one's talking about.


That could be a possibility. The San Francisco one would be a giant leverage play just to press it to Purdy and put him in a corner because he is there. Those contract talks are going on right now and I don't think they'd ever waste a first round pick to just make a point. I think Purdy is the guy they want but you talk about him slipping, who knows. Alright, we'll hold on the Niners because I wanna come back to them. What was your couple other things that you had off this? You know, Dion has a lot of people that he is done work with and works with in the media. So I think there's been a little bit of like the sensitivity of of being negative on Shado and I don't know if it's if it's helped Shado in the long run. 'cause now if Shado doesn't go in the first 20 picks, it's this great slide and it's like, but you know Dion worked for CBS, Dion worked for NFL network for many years.


Dion has obviously great relationships with Fox and he's got a show on Kby, he's got a documentary on Amazon. Like we all love Dion who worked in the media in any spot with him and like I worked with Dion in NL network, he's amazing and he's like a great great. So I think he, this whole lead up to the draft, the people who have been talking about the draft are careful. I don't know if that's done him any favors. If there is a, a slide in the draft that would also add And mean and meanwhile people are saying like eh, he might be Andy Dalton, Teddy Bridgewater, like that level, that's probably the ceiling. I think your guy McShay had some things to say out of the combine and it was as if he had like, you know, said something about and she's Been consistent this whole time.


He just doesn't have him as a top 25 guy. Period. Hundred percent. And you know for Todd to do that, that's him going out on a limb. I think some other people have been out there saying I don't see him as This guy. Yeah, but it's a lot safer just to say, ah yeah we like Shado but when the rubber hits the road, who's gonna be there answering the questions as to why is he slipping out? Listen After, after Nick's last year, I just think that's the league. Now if you like your guy, what what, who care? Who's gonna remember 10 years ago what number in the draft? He was like, if you want your guy, you want your guy and if you talk yourself into a qb, which is the make or break position every year you're gonna do it. And it doesn't really matter where you take them. Three is too high.


I, I would, I would also add this with the Shado thing. So obviously all eyes have been on him huge spotlight. They had reality shows at Amazon. You know, Dion has the famous video of him with the amazing, you know, draft day look at Andrew Kramer in his living room. I don't know what the plans are to cover shado during draft day, but like if there's 10 cameras in his living room and we've got you know, wall to wall coverage of him, that tells me they know something. And if there isn't that, that tells me that this thing is still very undetermined. So I would almost approach the day of the draft and see okay well let's see how much access we have to the Sanders family now all that could be moot and they're doing their own documentary and maybe they're filming something that we don't even know about and they've already sold the rights to to FUBU or to Netflix or whoever.


Yeah but like these guys have never fu shied away from the spotlight and I'd be curious to see how much spotlight and attention that they're getting or they're asking for on the day of the draft. Did FUBU come after you when you were a free agent or was there a fu I'm waiting for the FU walk fu talks. No fu bot talks. No fu can we just all agree and maybe I'm saying this selfishly as a Pats fan with the fourth pick and a three draft, the most fun outcome to all of this is the Pats and Giants Flip picks, the Pats take Carter Sanders goes to the Giants at four and we just get to talk about that for the rest of the off season heading into the thing.


And maybe he's a little better than we thought and the Giants fans will talk themselves into him almost immediately. Them taking Carter is just a weird pick look that that's another piece of this like that team need, that team has holes everywhere. I would say the only thing they don't really need to address in the 2025 draft is the defensive line, right? They've got one, they've got one of the better young defensive lines in football. You could argue Dexter Lawrence is the best defensive tackle in the sport. And then Thibodaux is entering his fifth year. So obviously he is got a contract situation that's looming. And then on the other end, does he pay for Burns? Like burns, They spend a lot of money on Burns. You almost like, do you take harder or like you maybe you shop thibodaux at that point and you decide not to pay him.


Like I for a team that has holes everywhere, it just seems like such a weird pick to me. But that's how top hip of this draft is until we get to Genty. Who's the wild card of everything. I wanna talk about that. Let's take a break quick.


This episode is brought to you by Michelob Ultra. What do I look forward to every NBA playoffs season? Well I'm always hoping the Celtics do well. I'm always hoping we have great storylines, great games, great matchups, great games sevens I just hope for good basketball. But the NBA playoffs, they're even better with Michelob Bocher, the official beer partner of the BA plus. They're getting fans closer to the game with a chance to win courtside tickets and more. Enter now at michelob bocher.com/courtside Michelob belcher's peer access Courtside 2024 to 25 sweepstakes no purchase necessary open to US residents, 21 or older ends on July 1st, 2025, multiple entry periods. Visit mic low belcher.com/superior access slash courtside for free Entry. Entry. Deadlines and official rules message and data rates may apply void. Where prohibited.


This episode is brought to you by Uber Eats Summer is almost here and you can now get almost anything you need for your sunny days delivered Uber Eats. What do we mean by almost? Well you can't get a well groomed lawn delivered, but you can get chicken parmesan delivered. A cabana that's a no. A banana, that's a yes. A nice tan. Sorry. No, but a box fan. Happily yes. A day of sunshine. Nope. A box of fine wines. Yeah, Uber Eats can definitely get you that get almost, almost anything delivered with Uber Eats Order Now alcohol and select markets product availability may vary by Region C app for details.


All right, Genty the running back just a beast. He's doing the thing where he's just calling out teams. If you take me, I'm gonna be awesome. Here's my, here's my letter, here's my promise. It's a position that, you know, you think back to when Zeke Elliot was in the draft and he was awesome. That was 2016 and he seems like he's a hundred years old now and he's like 31. It's a seven eight year shelf life. You might get the guy in the rookie contract plus one more contract if you get 8, 9, 10 years out of a running back. It's amazing. And yet he has a chance to be immediately one of the top five guys at his position.


Now it's a position that when you're paying for it paying when you see like free agency and you see the numbers, different positions get What did Barkley get? What was his last contract like 16, 17 a year. Yeah, He got a new extension from the Eagles. It finally got made whole 1617 range. It was 12. Yeah, so McCaffrey is like somewhere in the 12th to 14 with with the bonus 16. Yeah. McCaffrey and Saquon both are like 16, 17 right now. Right. So the high end is 1617. If I have one of the top five left tackles that high end is, you know, in the high twenties, if I have one of the best nose tackles that high end is what the Patriots played Williams, that's, you know, that's in the mid twenties.


If I have a cornerback or a receiver cornerback might be high twenties receiver. The market now is like low thirties. Yeah. Quarterback is 50 edge rusher that's in the thirties now. So I look at like where the pats are picking at four. And it's like you can take Gente, you have a top five guy at your position going forward, but it's a position that is valued at 13 to 16 million a year at the highest possible end of it. But if you take the edge rusher from Georgia and he's good, that's now like a $28 million a year guy. So I don't understand why teams don't just think this way.


Like what is, what are the best players worth in our salary cap and why don't they just shift their drafts that way but they don't think that way. Well they're not thinking about the Second, which leads us to gente. They're not thinking about the second contract, they're thinking about the first one. And if you get a guy who can get you 10 ack to 15 sacks in the first round and you're paying him rookie numbers for the first four years, well then you're getting the biggest bang for your buck and eventually you have to, You're getting an $8 million guy for, that's worth 28. Who's getting you 15 sacks. That's why like I, I would just be talking about this constantly. If I ran an NFL team, like that's why the Will Campbell thing, if Will Campbell goes four and he is the 15th best left tackle in the league, it's like that sucks.


We don't even have one of the best 14 left tackles, but he's still worth like 29 million a year left tackle. And here's here's the run and like everyone I've spoken to is obsessed with gente, right? Teams like it's a home run. This is, there is no holes in his game. The the pushback I got last Night, like a rich man Jamir Gibbs basically. Yeah. And and and he, he's so small to the ground like his, the way he runs, he does the upright and then he goes low. It's, you cannot bring him down. And what he did in the college level, like there's a lot of stuff about him that you'll wanna run through a wall for the fact that he was offered crazy money in NIL going into his last year and he is like, no, I've got a job to do at Boise.


I'm staying at that stuff. It goes a long way in today's day and age of NIL when these coaches and GMs are talking to players who've been to four colleges each to take the more dollar sign, you know each time, right? It's like my guy Drake May in North Carolina. No doubt my Home is In UNC had to Finish it out my are here. That's it. It's planted roots here. Here's where the rub, the pushback is last year there are all these running backs in the draft. Do you know who the leading rusher of all the rookie running backs was? It was Bucky Irving who was a fourth round Pick. Wow. That's the problem. The second leading rusher of all the rookies was Tyrone Tracy for the Giants who quietly put together a thousand yard season while everyone was crying about Saquon leaving.


Like he, he did basically what Saquon did the year before in that Giants offense. Yeah. So the opportunity cost of missing out and the gap of okay well you know we, we get gti, he could be amazing and Jamir Gibbs was behind the best offensive line in football and in a lot of ways Saquon last year took this giant leap. Not because yes Saquon's amazing, but he also was behind that Jeff Stalin offensive line and it was the perfect fit. If your team has a ton of holes and your offensive line isn't great, taking a running back when, oh I don't know a left tackle or a pass rusher. However, bill this draft, there's three great players in this draft and I'll say that there are three great players.


It's Carter, it's Hunter and it's gently. So if there ever was a year where you take a guy in the top five at running back, if you're Jacksonville close your eyes, you take gti, you put him in there, you have your running back and then you deal with everything and you know you have that guy because at five Mason Graham or Ted McMillan, like those are questions. Gente is a sure thing. This guy is awesome. So this is the year for a top five running back because of the rest of that class up top. Here's the problem, I just was looking up as you were talking the 2023 draft, Let's go Bij goes eight to Atlanta. Solid pick. Everybody was like one of the best running back prospects of the last decade.


This guy's awesome. I like it. Jalen Carter goes ninth. Yeah, What's a more important position? Who's gonna make more money on their second contract? Like you think it and it's like Now you look back and you're like wow that was stupid. Now there are reasons Jalen Carter felt a nine. Look The who'd the Raiders pick at seven that year, right? Look at that. Tyree Wilson. Yeah. So you pass on Jalen Carter for Tyre Wilson. However Bill you put Jalen Carter and Vegas. Is it the same situation? I dunno, I it's a great question. Jamir Gibbs goes 12, you were all excited about, we were doing podcasts that year and you were like this is an amazing pick. I love it. This is like a toy for the lions that this weapon they just get to use and move around.


I think the difference with Genty that would really fuck with me if I was in a draft room is that he's just three downs. You have a guy who doesn't basically have to come off the field who can play however many, you know, downs, touches whatever. Yeah. I look at the Patriots, they don't have enough, you know, left tackle, but they had him and Drake May is does this become Pate Manning e edger James for you know, seven years and you can keep him on, you know, third down now I now he's like probably our best receiver on the field anyway. I don't think they should take him at four, but I'm sure they've had the conversation. But it seems like if he goes to the Bears at 10, I wonder if that's like a Gibbs kind of toy situation.


Like whoa, I don't see him going past 10. I don't either. That's my point. I look at New Orleans at nine CAMA in the last year of his deal and you know, Kellen Moore new coach. That's a Tough beat for New Orleans though, who has 40 holes? Yeah, no I know, but what's your identity gonna be your first pick of the new coach? Like what whatcha are you gonna be if gen's there? I like that. I I, I mean I like it, I like it at six obviously I think there's a little too much about the Raiders that that tells me if they're talking about Gente so much, usually That's a little smokey. But to me, five Jacksonville, James Gladstone interesting guy, 34-year-old, new GM of guy of from the Rams and Liam Cohen, like they're Schefter had it in his column on Sunday and I've heard the same thing.


They're going offense, what's our identity gonna be? Now if you're James Gladstone coming from the Rams where character was everything when they did their board and they had a whole philosophy and I've been in the room with Les and with McVey and it's like what do we stand for? What does t McMillan great player, great kid, the questions are does he love football? Is, is his heart in this, he took plays off, is that gonna be your first pick as a GM of a team? This is what we stand for. This is my rep T McMillan, this is my guy, I don't know Ashton Gente. You can look at everyone in that room and say this is what we're about, this kid right here, this is what we stand for and this is what Jaguar's football's gonna be. So I think he could go as high as five.


I dunno why Guy in the locker room every Morning, last Guy To leave. Let's guy leave Warrior. I don't know why we haven't heard more about the Patriots taking them. You know, I I, to me their, their team has been lacking offensive firepower. And if Campbell's not Orlando Pace or Jonathan Ogden, then why is he such a slam dunk? So to me, I, it's not my pick Elliot Wolf and Mike Variable will make it. And I hear that there's a lot of love for Campbell in that building and great Abdul Carter would be a wonderful selection at four as well. But like for whatever reason Gente Hass been like crossed off the list from Patriots but then the Jaguars, it's like yep that works for us. Couple things in Campbell's favor just in general. Van Lathan giant OSU fan absolutely loves him, thinks he's aware he was in the SCC just battling all These things.


I'll give Van credit, he was big on Brian Thomas last year. Van and Jaden Daniels was another one. He absolutely loved Jaden Daniels van's been good. He got Na Reed because I didn't see Nas Reed being this at A LSU and Nas Reed doesn't miss a shot. I don't remember his Nas. Reed takes Campbell. So he shows up, what is he, 18 as a freshman and he is just immediately thrown into the fire like a man's man leader played every play tough as nails. I heard this tidbit about vrbo, I don't know if you've heard it. Okay. And it Seems insane and I loved it and I'm gonna share it here. Apparently when he is working out people, he has this thing about body mass and feeling like banging bodies and if it's the right kind of player that they're looking at, who actually put on the pads, oh it's and bounce against them to feel what their body's like.


Like he's a big How sturdy are you? How physical? Dude, He's done it at pro days. Okay, so you know about this. He'll do it publicly. Yeah, because I was like, because there's no way he's Retired for 15 years. He'll do wrestling moves with the player and get, get him in all these weird positions to see how he reacts. No, it's real. Okay. So I would say like Will Campbell, who poor Will Campbell, that his arms aren't an inch longer. Right? It's an inches is like this big by the way and it's like, ah, couldn't get to 34 inches. I don't know. Meanwhile there's a bunch of like Rashan Slater's been pretty good. Yeah, Right. That's the knock on him. Joe, Joe Thomas has been okay. Yep. But it just feels like Will Campbell, I could see Vrabel putting the pads on him, knitting him and be like, yeah, this is my kind of body mask guy.


I just think they're gonna take him. Yeah. And it's like, look, if he, maybe he won't ever be the one of the eight best left tackles in the league, but this is a guy who would be, he's gonna be a leader. He's durable and he will be in the top half of left tackles, which is all you need. 'cause you can't find them. They're not falling outta trees. Period. Is it a great, is it a great failure and a great disappointment if a year in you're like, he's a good left tackle, but gosh, he's an amazing left guard and do we move him inside and do we put someone else at tackle Quin? Could he be a four time all pro at left guard? Like I, is that a, is that a loss?


Quentin Nelson went, Quin Nelson, a loss for the Colts. Like no, No, no, no, he's great. He was the best at his position for a decade. Like I think he'd sign up for that. But That's what, when you're picking fourth or you're picking fifth or you're picking third, if you're in the top five, I have to get a blue chipper. And the only way I'm not doing that is if, if there's some quarterback that I'm doing my 50 50 coin toss on And Bill, last year, Malik Nabors was a blue chipper. Joe Alt was a blue chipper this year. I hate to be so dismissive and I think it actually adds to the intrigue of the draft. They're just not there. Blue chippers, you can't make Will Campbell into a blue chipper. You just can't. So no, he's looked at as that, What is that guy from Pittsburgh who nobody had ever heard of who signed as a free agent?


The left Tackle Moore? Yeah, yeah. Didn't he get like 20 million a year? He Got 20 million. Yes. And, and everybody was like, we're not sure he is a starter. So when you think of it that way, if Campbell could just be this 14th best left tackle in the league, if that's his ceiling, it's like, well that's probably a 29 million player arm And you have him for five years. Arm Armon bu would no had ever heard of. And that's dismissive. I shouldn't say it that way, but he wasn't even Conversation. No, he was a past riser though. There's no question. He Was definitely coming on strong then the combine was an absolute, you know, revelation. So if you're talking about arm length and that stuff, and Campbell maybe BU's a tackle, he's a pure tackle and he has huge upside.


I, I would always take the pedigree of the blue chipper who's done it, but I'm the same guy who would've taken Mac Jones over Trey Lance. You know, like I like knowing what I'm getting. And you look at some of these teams, like the Chargers last year, their first four picks were out of Notre Dame. You know, Michigan, Alabama, USC, like that they, that's what they do. Mabu comes outta Missouri, doesn't have the same pedigree, doesn't have the same sort of resume. But is this physical freak, where do you stand on Mabu versus Campbell who, you know what you're getting with Will Campbell. It's solid. It's like guy is solid as a rock but he might not ever end up being, like I said, Orlando Pace or a Trent Williams or a Jonathan Ogden type.


Obviously I've, I've done a lot of Mabu work. Two, I have two questions. One, did Vrabel put the pads on with him yet? Bang and feel him out and put him in some wrestling boobs. Does he, does vrabel like his body mask? That'll be one. I do know this, I do know this. The Patriots have been doing work on Mabu and this is this week they've made some calls and they've been asking around, right? So that door is not shut yet. So this is, this is what I know and what I've heard with the Pats where there's two types of players you're picking, right? And Belichick, I think his, his mistake, especially over the last 10 years was he would default toward these winning programs. You know, and you're getting guys from LSU Alabama who have already been maximized because those teams have the greatest possible college coaching staff.


So you're getting somebody outta there and they've already been really well schooled. They've been whatever's in there. A lot of it's been pulled out. And that's how, why it's safe for bets to take some of these guys, right? The question for the Pats is they have an awesome coaching staff now that they feel really good about. And can you look at some of these guys from schools that maybe, maybe weren't the greatest, maybe didn't have like a defensive coordinator making $2 million a year or whatever. And maybe there's, there's some raw gem stuff with there and it's like, well what, what happens if we take this raw awesome piece of something who's already has blue chip talent and we pull him into our universe and we coach him up?


I think that's what Washington thought last year with some of their guys, right? Yep. And they thought like they went and got these B-list veterans, put a bunch of like smart, just tough vets and then kind of took some chances on eh, that guy was never in the right situation. Let's let's give him a test drive. 'cause we love our nucleus. I think that's how the Pats are feeling. Which is why I think Mebo can't be ruled out at four. That's really interesting. And the, the, the Washington approach, which was Adam Peters, who has a history with New England Yes. Was exactly what you said. Let's get a veteran for every position group. And that was Zach Ertz and Austin Eckler and Marcus Mariota and Fred, Frankie, Lou Vu, and Zach, you go through all these guys that were not hot Created, but let's also get assistant coaches, No doubt who Are overqualified at all these different spots, which is kind of what the Pats are Doing.


And then they took a guy like Mike Sr in the draft who everyone was like, well he is a nickel he is not really worthy of having. And then it was an all world rookie for the commanders out of the gate. I pushed back on the Patriots thing at the end of Belichick's stay. It was like Kyle Duggar from Lenore Rhine. And then he took Cole Strange, like Right. Well they went older. That was a new strategy near the end. Older guys who they could come in right away and be plug and play, which also didn't really work that Way. Yeah, I, I'm curious about the Patriots. I I do think I'm like, my report today is real. Cleveland is getting calls. Does Cleveland just say, you know what? We're not a Travis Hunter away from being re relevant. They Should.


They should, they should a hundred percent trade back what are doing True. We the and the giant giants are little more Complicated. They have no chance to win a Super Bowl for three years. No doubt. No doubt. So don't be shocked if Cleveland on Thursday we're on the clock. Well Cleveland's traded and then some aggressive team that is a couple steps away made the move. And because it's such a kind of depleted draft and because it's not a quarterback, it won't be the same bounty of picks that you usually get to move up to number two. Yeah, but who, what team is that? Because if you go through it, it's not anybody else in the top five. It's not, I don't think it's the Raiders. I don't think it's the Raiders. Is that the Jets, the Panthers are too far away. Like you and the Panthers move up for Abdul Carter.


Maybe If I were them I wouldn't, I The Bears were the one I was looking are looking at as the move up team, Back team. I think the Bears are a trade back team Because they have some talent. I look at the Niners, the Niners window, right? Like now they've done this before, went up and got Trey Lanes don't, I don't see it. I don't see any of those teams in the top 15 being a whoa, if we get this guy do you Miami Dolphins like I a mess. Come on. I'm just throwing out teams at our playoff team that didn't have what they thought they should be that are still in range. The only team that doesn't seem crazy to me is the Raiders. Just because new coach, New coach In his mid seventies, Tom Brady making a splash.


They fall in love with Hunter. They think he can play both ways. And wait, are you, do you from what you, you talk to everybody and you do the on on the record then off the record and you love hearing like little tidbits about character and all the, all the stuff that sometimes you can't even use injury stuff. Is anyone worried about Carter and, and Look stuff coming out His foot? It's not a stress fracture but it's not great either. Like what is that? I'll say this, His dad, like there's like all, all this stuff You're hearing about. Yeah, you're on it dude. No. And It's like, Eh, it's it's Travis Hunter, it's Abu out of, out of Ohio State, it's g and you hear about Jalen Walker, these are amazing kids.


Then Carter comes up and it's guy can play and he was tough. So I think there's some stuff about, you know, is this the all world guy? But I'll tell you what, Charles Haley wasn't the all world guy and he won five championships. Yeah, some of that. Well listen, if you're a great edge rusher, you gotta be a little selfish. Like, and at that position, like it is what it is. You're not Gonna be a team guy. You're trying to get the quarterback. That's it. The Giants passed on Michael Parsons a few years ago. They traded back and they ended up getting Caius Tony and they got a additional pick the following year. It's An all timer. It's An all timer and it's really the original sin of this generation of the Giants that and the Daniel Jones contract extension.


If they were to pass on a guy who legitimately not 'cause they were the same number and not 'cause they went to the same college is compared to Michael Parsons the way they used him at Penn State. Yeah. The way he went into his coach's office, you know, that final year. And he looked at James Franklin and said, I don't want to just be this, make me a guy who plays off the ball, let me do all these things. And then did it at a higher level than Parsons in college. Like it would be an incredible, incredible mistake made twice, at least in my eyes. I don't think you pass on 'em even if you have all these different pass rushers already. That said there is the injury stuff didn't compete at the combine, didn't do with the co the pro day. So if you wanna make that a red flag, fine. And then off the field, it's not like he, you know, this guy is necessarily marrying your daughter.


That's what they say. Now. None of that is criminal. None of that is this. But that's just the word around the street is that he's not the the same type of Wow. You wanna wrap your arms around him and, and give him a big old hug like Travis Hunter. It Makes me like a more, I Know that's my past rusher. I don't need him to be trading jerseys after the game. I'm good. All right. So you be the Giants and I'll be, I'll be Abel who's, who's taking the phone call for the Giants for a trade, Joe Shane. Okay. You beat Joe Shane, I'll be Vrabel. Okay Joe, how are you? Hey, what's up Mike? You know what you're doing at three yet? You know, we still don't know. The truth is I'll let you know when we do, but we're, we're leaning towards Carter but the door's still open. What do you got? I have an idea.


We can flip picks three to four. I'll give you my second next year and I'll give you my fourth next year and you just move back one spot. That's my offer. And also I'm willing to talk about it a little bit. Who am I taking at four if that's the case? Am I, am I what is your, what are you implying? Well It's, it's, I just, if you like Sanders, why do you have to take them at three, take them at four and get some stuff back. Interesting. So this is, this is what the Niners and Bears did a few years ago. I'm still playing Joe Shane just giving a history lesson. Yeah, for Trubisky they said okay, we'll move up one spot, we'll move back, we'll take Solomon Thomas, get a little extra.


I, you know, I, what Was the little extra for that? I can't remember. For Trubisky it wasn't that much right? It was like a second. Wasn't that much. I believe it was a second round pick and the Niners were doing flips. So what happens if you, Joe Shane comes back and says all flip spots with you, but I want your first next year and I'll give you my Third Mike. Mike, what happens if we do this? I'll flip off you, but I need next year's first. What would you say? Gimme a third back and it's, it's a done deal. Okay. We've got I think the hundred fourth pick is that, so you're saying the, I give you the third and the hundred fourth and I get next year's first, next year's second and a fourth this year And you want my fourth this year too?


Yes. I need another pick. Jesus, I gotta hang up, I gotta, I gotta talk to Kraft. I gotta talk to craft and yell at him for not taking week 18. And we just the first, Hey I gotta hang up and go scream at Drew Locke for throwing for 200 yards against the cols in week 16. Yeah, see the Pats need so many things. They're probably better off just stay staying at four and taking Will Campbell. But if they think Carter is Michael Parsons and the price would be flipping picks with the Giants, I think the Pats are gonna be good next year. I don't think they're gonna be win the Super Bowl but I think they could go nine and eight, 10 and seven if they hit a couple picks.


Roster's better. Coach is better If they, if they think they can get a left tackle, who can start next year at the top of the second round. I think you have to think about trying to trade up a spot and I can't believe they're in this position because Buffalo out tank them, which I'll never get over. Buffalo didn't, Buffalo didn't play. That was crazy that Buffalo game that that, that was nuts. And then the Patriots Buffalo was making the playoffs somehow out thanked us. Joe Mil, Joe Milton. Just looking like Dan Marino out there. Yeah Mike wait, just hand the ball off and the guy's gonna fall down. I have some lingering questions. Last year the shocker was Pennix. Yeah. If you had to handicap this, what is the pennix bomb of this year?


What is the shocker The guy's name is, You just had to have one guess Guy's name is Gray Zabel. Has that name come across to your board at all? Not not. I haven't done a lot of Gray Zabel work. What is that Offensive guard at a North Dakota state in the last 72 hours I've gotten multiple calls from teams looking at my mock draft. Here's how I do it. I talk to people, I put together a mock draft and I send it to like all the teams. I'm like what am I missing? Who am I missing? What are you hearing? And a lot of teams will tell me, we actually like this guy more than this guy. So just put him there if you want, I'll throw you a favor, throw you a bone on that or where's this player? And unanimously I'm getting, where is Gray Zabel in your top 20 in the first, In the top 20 Watch for Gray Zabel at a North Dakota state to suddenly be one of these guys who goes like 15, 17, 18, 19, even if it's early twenties, A player who at the Senior Bowl played well and then you didn't hear from him again and he's an offensive guard but he is looked at as like one of these mallers and in a draft full of just meh.


He's one of these guys that they think the sky could be the limit. So that is my wild card. Put the pads on with the Vrabel. Might wanna wrestle with him A little. The headlock, put him in a headlock, see what he's like. So you have your mock draft coming on Wednesday. Yep. And this has been a mock draft that has been very successful by mock draft standards. So you send, you'll send like little Oh yeah, You'll send spots to teams and do, who's missing? Oh what's crazy? What jumps out? You I'm looking At, I'm looking at my phone already. It's, I sent to Howie Roseman this morning, Adam Peters this morning with Washington John Spy tech at the Raiders. And some of them won't respond or some of 'em will say We actually like bu more than this guy.


Or they'll say, Hey, why do you have, why do you have Mikel? Why do you have Will Johnson from Michigan going in the mid twenties as opposed to like top 15. What are you hearing? And then in exchange it's, Hey you're missing Gray Abel. Or what about the Oregon tackle? He's Not your first Gray Z almost seems like a fake name. Gray Abel, I'm gonna get the jersey for you. It's like, yeah there's this new HBO show with starring Gray Abel. Have you seen it? I have one. One draft take about a top 10 guy. Lemme hear. Now granted I parachute in and I barely watched college season. But you Good dude, you're good. You love This shit. I've been pretty good about you're good, whatever. I've had some good moments over the years.


Tet Tet scares me. You're not alone Here. Here's why. Because the Pats who have done the worst job ever of drafting receivers since forever. And here's where I've landed with receivers and it sounds stupid but it's really not. I just want guys who are, are open When I'm watching the clips, the guys are wide open. I want speed and I want the ability to get open. These guys is, he's a big guy. He's unbelievable. Catches in traffic. Nobody uses his body. I would just rather not take a chance on those guys. We've had those guys like we had the Nikhil Harry. I don't, I think when you get to the pros and everybody's more covered than they were in college and guys are just have people draped around them all the time.


I just think it's harder to succeed. I just want speed. Like the Chiefs don't do this. The chiefs are like, let's get Xavier worthy. He's fast, fastest guy. Guess what? We'll run plays for him and he'll just be open and then our quarterback will throw him the ball. Lad McConkey was another one. It's like, ah, what is he? It's like, I don't know, he's always open. That seems positive. I just, I, I wouldn't what now if we were in the teens it's different. But if you're talking about like Jacksonville of five and it's a guy who's his biggest skill is how good he is in traffic and how physically he is, it just makes me nervous. Let me give you the Tet McMillan stuff 'cause I was early in on Tet saying he's gonna be top five and then I've walked it back a little bit Because Nate Thais loves him by the way.


And Nate, Nate, I really respect To the good. The good is so good. This guy's film. You pick 10 players from T McMill, listen, Calvin Johnson, Danny Kelly has him fourth Dude, he's amazing. He takes plays off his motor isn't always going. And in this past season it was a significant difference in his consistency than the year before. Now the year before Arizona was coached by Jed Fish, they had an offense that was humming. They were a top 10 team at one point and this guy was engaged last year. They took a dip, they had a new coaching staff, it wasn't as good. That said six four.


Yeah, I get it. Fast dominant hands and like teams. I've met with him physical, he's a different cat. No, he's from Hawaii and he comes in and something that rubbed people wrong was like, I'm a volleyball player first football player, second something. Something of that. Like I love volleyball. Oh now football guys see that and they like bang their head through glass. And a coach who's more evolved says, all right, he's got volleyball skills and we will coach him up and we will get the most out of him. Now the ceiling is Mike to, is Mike Evans the basement or the floor? Could Be the ceiling is Mike Evans who said one of the best wide receiver careers start to finish of great anyone in the last 30 years.


Good Feeling he's got the same, same body type and a better college career than Mike Evans had. So you're looking at that sounds and in a wide wide receiver draft that is putrid. Putrid. I mean last year we had neighbors a Dunes Harrison, we had the Washington. But that's why I be scared about him because this is what happens with the draft when you're in this cluster and you're way better than everyone else in the cluster. But it's a bad cluster. This is the same thing with the Quarterbacks. No doubt Jackson Dart wouldn't have gotten drafted in the first 45 picks last year. Might not have. But McMillan what I like though is that like the evolved coaches who I've spoken to, it's they didn't just shut it down. It's not that he doesn't love football, it's that this kid is different and he is got other interests but gosh, when he is on the football field, he turns it on.


So I don't know if it could be your first pick as a GM or your first pick as a head coach. But if you're secure in your spot and you're looking at this draft and it's a bunch of mid, this guy is the, the sky is the limit prospect as far as skill position goes, It feels very Dallas Cowboy Z at number 12 to me Got the same type of body type as CD Lamb though. No, I'm just saying like, ah, now look at me Dak and these two, this is the Eagle's blueprint. Yeah, I have him Killer receivers. I have him going currently 19 to Tampa. Which is crazy 'cause a week ago I had him going either four or five. I think he goes in the teens. So I wanna talk about the Niners at 11.


Yeah, Sal and I did guest lines over unders for the first time ever this year. And I heard I was four and a half. I was four wins off on the Niners. I thought it was gonna be six and a half. It was 10 and a half. It's still 10 and a half on FanDuel. Even though there's a bunch of action, there's minus one 30 under and there's reasons for it. The schedule, the divisions they play, they have fourth place schedule, all that stuff. And yet I'm looking at the Niners at 11. Do they think they're good And if they do think they're good, are they gonna get aggressive? Are they gonna try to move up? Will they try to move back? They feel like a pivot team to me. The Bears are staying at 10 and they're gonna take a weapon.


I think Niners, I think the Bears. I think the Bears are interesting 'cause they, they lead to the Niners, the Bears at 10. Like if Colston Loveland is sitting there, the tight end a riser that's really interesting for the Bears, you add another weapon to them. I could see the Bears take an offensive line going, going with the big kid out of, out of the Alabama booker or or or Kelvin. Yeah. I'm losing his name. Texas. The offensive toe. Yeah, the Niners. Their defense was atrocious last year and that's been a long And they just lost a bunch of dudes. They did and that's long been their pride of their team up front.


So you know, you look at the big kid Mikel Williams out of out of Georgia. That's a possibility there. Or you look at defensive back and there's, you know, hunter, but then this kid Baron outta Texas who won all the awards is a superb talent too. And is it like, to your point, the economics of it, if we get a number one corner and he's sitting there at 11, like we could put that pick in and we're good and we're building or you trying to swing the bat and try to do something major and move up and get one of these star players and try to stay in the conversation for the You trying to get all the way up to three for Carter. See I, I think Mason Graham is the guy who could potentially fall five, six spots. He might the the, you know, awesome middle of the line guy.


There was a moment where I would've been psyched if the Pats took him but then they signed Williams. So it makes no sense. Look, he's a three tech, he's a three technique player. He is got an incredible motor. Everyone likes him but his body type is not, you're not gonna sit in a room with Mason Graham and think he's Aaron Donald. So there's questions like what's the, what's the sky's the limit of this guy or have we seen the best of him? Right. Also it's a pretty deep position. Can I give you a, which Is why every everybody Can I give a s note? Yeah. Oh SLA More kids. Sal's a new defensive coordinator. The Niners, I have to share this with you. I don't think anyone's reported this and I don't think you and Sal discussed it. S and his wife had another kid this soft season.


So what was that? Eight? Eight. This is like how does he not have a reality show? I love it. And his wife is the best kids. This is it. Eight kids quietly in the off season. Another kid. I'm like God bless him. I love that man. His new child Aaron Rogers Sala. Yeah, the nine, the Niners to me Major wild card Miami. A team that kind of needs everything and is being held hostage by whatever the hell is going on with Tyra. Kill another question for you. Yeah. Did the Rams just draft a qb? No. Or is that weird?


Yeah, they, because they think they can win the Super Bowl. Yeah. They're drafting somebody that can help them, right. Or trade back. Classic less need trade back. Like let's just collect a lot. 'cause we hear about the teams that second round, it's like we'll trade up and get our quarterback. Yeah, Perfect spot. Yeah. If there's a player that can help them, I mean I, there's no way Mc his first, first round pick taking offense, then he took Jared V and I looked like an idiot. Yeah but the truth of the matter is, yeah that was a great, they wanted Brock, they wanted Brock Bowers and they were looking to get trade up. If a Loveland was to drop to them, if a Buca was to drop to them, I think they would consider it. But like I don't think that the Rams are looking to stay put at 26 unless there's a player that falls precipitously to them.


Alright, here's my big prediction. It's not even a crazy prediction because I think it's in the ether. And By the way Bill, I would say Seattle is a more likely in the NFC west quarterback team to trade back into the first round or early second than the Rams. Okay. I think cousins ends up on the Steelers. Go On. It's been, it's been floated out there. There's been scenarios, there's a couple things that don't add up and you read some of the intel from people like Shefter where the Falcons are like, yeah we trade 'em, but you gotta pay some of his salary. And teams are like, well we'll pay 10. It's like, no it's gotta be 20.


The Falcons have no leverage at all. What are they gonna do? They're gonna, they're gonna pay Kirk Cousins a gazillion dollars to be their backup. They have to trade him and they have to trade him this week and they have to trade him to a team that is gonna start to freak out that they're have a quarterback yet, which is basically the Pittsburgh Steelers. So if the Steelers can be like, fine, we'll pay 11 million or 12 million, whatever like the Falcons, this is a sunk cost. Any money they can get back to dump his contract, they've gotta do it. You can't keep him like, they probably feel like they're gonna be pretty good. They're in a crappy division. Like who knows. So I just think he ends up on the Steelers and I don't think the Sanders thing is as important for them where everybody has them taking Sanders.


If they, if if I feel like they could pass on him at 21, maybe get him in the second round and still get cousins. I I by the way, think cousins is washed and I think it's a mistake. That's the thing. I mean he played hurt at the end there, but if you watched that Monday night game Yeah, Raiders versus Falcons when Kirk Cousins could not throw a football, his shoulder was messed up. We learned about it afterwards. But like he probably was on the field for two extra weeks that Atlanta should have had him on. They lost those games and it cost them in the end I thought Cleveland and then they signed Joe F Flaco so crossed Cleveland off. I thought the Giants were Makes more sense, right? He'd rather pay Joe Flacco 4 million than Kirk Cousins 10, Joe Flacco, Four Kirk Cousins who's been there.


And I know the connection there was the fans and cousins have a great relationship, but that's such a big price tag. And then you're kind of setting yourself back as a franchise with Flaco. You get the one year and you see, and then you go from there. I haven't done the work on Pittsburgh, I'll be honest with you. I'm trying to think of the different connections. Have Arthur Smith worked with cousins? No, they didn't overlap in Atlanta. I just, to me it's, they, it's such a shocker to me that they put themselves in this corner with Rogers of all the franchises with the place that they're at. You Look more done than cousins, But also just with the veterans on the LA in the locker room. Yeah. With like Cam Hayward and TJ Watt. Mka Fitzpatrick and guys that are like known made men and we're sitting around waiting for Aaron Rogers.


It's a shock. And I, I gotta think that if they were to do this all over again, they didn't put up much of a fight to bring back Justin Fields. Yeah, the Jets got him for two years, 20 million a piece, whatever. And then they did not put up any fight to get Russell Wilson back. I cousins would be one of those deals where like, gosh, this all went awry and went and like, I guess we'll get cousins with like a shrug, but Well you're getting like a better locker room fit than Rogers. He Would ask at least you're getting a guy that everybody loves being a teammate of No doubt. But can he still play? And the price tag's gonna be big. I mean I think Atlanta's gonna pick up most of it, but it's still, Well can we agree?


It's kind of dumbfounding that they've had no solution and it's it's past mid April Now You no quarterback. I'll tell, I'll tell you this from the giant side to Rogers' credit and you can say screw that. He looked at the, at these teams and said, guys, I'm on my own timeline. If you need to pivot and make a move, there is no hard feelings. I'm telling you straight up. I do not know when and if I'm coming back. And that is on you to do it. And Giants heard that Giants waited a couple weeks and they were like, all right, we gotta act. And they did it and they got Russell Wilson and Jamis Steelers were like, alright. And they still haven't made a move.


That's ridiculous. Okay, I think we hit everything except Kyle, some hurtful comments on the last re watchable. I didn't listen, I'm sorry. There was no interest in ful jokes. I had no interest in reliving the saint. You guys, I mean this is, I mean Honestly I'm giving you a Yeah, I'm giving you a platform. I are. How are you guys doing? Kyle And I are Good. You guys were like a married couple. It's sad. It's sad. How many years Was it? It was a divorce that he had nothing to do with. And that's the thing wasn't Even a divorce, it was like, I don't know what it was. I was, I fell outta love. Just it was it, it was it. I couldn't be on How many were together.


I couldn't be on good Morning football another day I'd given it my all. So I'm onto another lover and it's, well, You know, it's gonna have to happen. The three of us are gonna have to do re watchable. This is how it's gonna have to play out. You Already did Blue Chips. That's to be the reunion ending. I could have done every word of blue chips. You did Blue Chips already. I could have done that one. Alright, we're gonna have to figure out a re watchable for the three of us. I would love that. And, and, and if it's Steven Egal, John Claude Van Dam. Count me out. But we can find a different niche for me. I know Kyle has his what Your, what's your movie niche? I'm I'm an art house theater guy. You know, if you wanna do s House rules now we can Art Art has Theater guy, Black Box theater we wanna talk about.


Yeah. Was there hazing stuff at ES pn when you came in as the new guy? Did anybody just like not talk to you crazy for a week? Crazy and shit like that? It's Crazy. They put me in a room and just maybe watched Lakers, Cowboys Yankee highlights. It was nuts. That was it. It was, this is all you're allowed to talk about. This is it. It's like Minority report That It, no, we're, we're all happy for you. I I It's gonna see your face. I love you for it. I appreciate you. You were, as you know, a huge sounding board. And I'll tell you this, as long as the years I was on Fox and as long as I was on Good Morning Football, all anyone is asking me is, are you still allowed to come on SIM's podcast? And hopefully Oh that's nice. Hopefully I can, I love working with you and I love being a, a part of your world.


All right, well it's great to see you. Safe travels to Green Bay. Good luck with the Knicks. I'll be interested to see if we hit any of this stuff and if Rabel is at the draft and wants to put the pads on and, and try to like get you in some wrestling moves, like just be ready for it. That's it. You might wanna feel fill your body best. I know if you're in New York for any of these Knicks games, we have to get together and go together. Love. Alright Shs, great to see you. Thank you All. You're the man. Thanks dude. Alright, that's it for the podcast. Thanks to Zach Andres, thanks to Geha and Sir Rudy as well. And don't forget I have a new podcast coming on Thursday. Don't forget to catch up on Celtic City on Max episode eight KG era.


It's an awesome one. So if you missed it, try to, I know there's a lot of basketball games on right now, but try to squeeze that in. And then new re watchable is Minority Report. You can go Check that out as a video podcast on Spotify or on our Ringer Movies YouTube channel. Don't forget to subscribe to my channel, the Bill Simmons YouTube channel and I will see you on Thursday NBA playoffs and the draft. It's gonna be hectic, but I will see you then.


Must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 GAMBLER. Visit rg-help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 803 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or text HOPE NY in New York.