
Coming up. I got some NBAI got some football. I got some million dollar picks.


Next, it's The Bill Simmons Podcast presented by FanDuel. Football is in full action. FanDuel's highest rated sports book is the best place to bet it all. We've been doing pretty well on million dollar picks this year. I love the first month of the season because you have to go into the season thinking. I think Pittsburgh's gonna be good. I think the Chargers are gonna be good. I think Seattle's gonna be good. And then trying to back what you think in those first few weeks. And then zag the other way. if you were wrong, you could bid on new and fun markets on FanDuel, like to catch a pass. Same game parlays highest scoring game across the Sunday Sleep offensive tds in the next drive. They have so much stuff, it's crazy. The app is safe and secure and easy to use. And when you win you'll get paid instantly. Plus, look out for FanDuel Squares this season. Here's what you have to do. Visit FanDuel dot com slash bs to download America's number one Sportsbook The Ringer is committed to responsible gaming. Please visit rg help.com to learn more about the resources and helplines available and listen to the end of the episode. For additional details, you must be 21 plus and present in select states' gambling problem called win hundred gambler or visit rg help.com.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. It's normal to worry about your kids, but did you know you could worry it a little less with a SimpliSafe home security system? It'll help protect you and your family when you need it most. And you know when you realize you need SimpliSafe, if you subscribe to one of those neighborhood newsletters and you get those notifications this happened, that happened, and you go, wait, that's only a couple blocks from me. Well, right now is the time to get SimpliSafe for a limited time. Get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system, plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring just by visiting SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


We're also brought to you by The Ringer. Podcast Network. if you missed it, scary month has started on the re watchable. We did a Blair Witch project on Monday. I'm gonna tell you the movie for this upcoming Monday because it's a good one and you should watch it. And it's a very famous horror movie, Poltergeist. So you can find it. It's on the streamers. And by the way, speaking of movies, yeah, the Cat's out of the bag. That live show we're doing in New York City on Monday night, October 7th, we are doing Silence of the Lambs. So everybody who's going to that show, go watch that movie because it would be weird to just go to our live show and not having seen Sounds of Lambs in a while.


Sounds of Lambs is the movie. There you go. Hey Rob Har Villa Relaunched 60 songs that Explain the nineties. Now it's Colon, the two thousands and he did Mr. Brightside by The Killers as his first episode. So if you love that podcast, it's back. Rob's as weird as ever. The first 10 minutes he's really going for it. Congrats to him. Check out that podcast or just resubscribe refresh it. Whatever you need to do, you can listen to everything from this podcast and watch it on the Bill Simmons channel on YouTube. And if you'd like the re watchable, our YouTube channel for that is Ringer Movies on Sunday.


Cousin Sal and I are going to be live on YouTube doing Guest alliance for week six and recapping week five, Coming up on this podcast. Kirk Goldsberry, my old Grantland teammate. We're gonna talk NBA trends heading into the season. Then Danny Heifetz is gonna tell us about the Five Fantasy Guys you should be thinking about, kind of trying to steal in fantasy football. And then last but not least, million dollar picks with Joe House, which all of this was taped before Atlanta Tampa, Thursday Night Football was debating about should we wait till after the game? And then I was like, you know what, Kirk Cousins Baker Mayfield. I'm not waiting. So we could talk about that game on Sunday with South, anything crazy happens, but everything else taped on Thursday afternoon.


Let's bring in our friends from Pearl Jam am All right, we're taping this on a Thursday afternoon. Our old friend Kirk Goldsberry is here. We used to work together at Grantland, I don't know how many million years ago. When was that? 1990s. Nine, 2015 is when my, my date. My notes say we ended that.


Yeah, that same for me. I still have, you did a Grantland heat check map for me that I still have in my office. That's really cool. Basically it was, the entire map is just hot. It's like a Steph Curry crossed with 19 other great superstars. But I always appreciated that I used to come on and do five trends as we are now within two weeks of the NBA season somehow, which I feel like just ended a week ago. Five trends we're gonna play five favorites going backwards from five to one. But before we do that you've been, you've been on the sidelines for what, a year with basketball analysis? Yeah, I've been taking some time off to myself. I put a book out called Hoop Atlas in, when was that?


May during the playoffs. Yeah. But yeah, I guess we have some, some news to share. Bill, What was the, what was the biggest, what was the biggest thing you felt like you missed out on? Just talking about just in the content cycle, what was the thing you're like, oh fuck, I wish I had a platform right now. I think it was, you know, the, the rise your team sort of emerging from, you know, a team that could never get over the hump to the most dominant team we've seen in a long time by some metrics and clearly establishing themselves as the best team in the league ahead of the playoffs. And then just pounding everybody all throughout the playoffs and, and, and so I think that Celtics run was pretty impressive and I, and I wish I could have had a platform to really share it.


Yeah, it's a weird one because on the one hand, all the advanced numbers, metrics, everything was just like, this is one of the best teams, you know, the of the last at least 35 years. But the ITEST wasn't totally matching it and it was even confusing for me as a Seltz fan, but I think that the 2015 warriors were like that a little bit too, where the metrics were incredible and the eye test were like, ah, I feel like somebody could take these guys. You know, it just didn't quite match. Yeah, that was, that's a great analogy. Nobody believed in that team. Ironically, the nobody believed in US Warriors was, was eight years before that. But yeah, that, that Warriors team, nobody believed it until the, until the confetti had fallen your team.


I think we were ready for that by the time that Mavs series had started, but it was like a four year arc to get there. Yeah. And just an incredibly, and one of the sort of interesting things I think with that team is as Brad Stevens has become one of the best executives in the league, but the depth of that roster they were able to put together really just was unlike anything else in the league last year. So you're in Texas, Webe just dropped from the earth like an asteroid and hit that team and they put basically one of the worst supporting cast in a while around him. And he was somehow just holding them in some of these games then up with two more lottery picks that trade one of 'em. But what, what is the Weby Texas, you're in Austin and Austin's kind of like the adopted San Antonio in some ways.


The Spurs, they'll play, they're gonna play a game there this year and, and just what is the Weby Texas relationship like? It's incredible. I mean, WEBY is, is the best basketball player we've had here in, in, in the San Antonio market for a long time since Kauai left. I think that's safe to say. Yeah. And he is the best prospect the Spurs have had, I would say of all time. And then I say that with all due respect to David Robbins and Tim Duncan who are absolute icons and, and led this franchise to the greatest places it could possibly go. Yeah. But he, it's very exciting. I think the Olympics bill this summer even increased it because, you know, he brought team USA to the brink of a huge upset in Paris.


I had some of my friends at the Spurs describe it as the perfect outcome for the summer, right? 'cause he got close, he got a taste, he proved to the world that he's that good and we're just getting ready for this rise, which I can't wait to cover and I can't wait to to watch from the front row. Well he had that that last game. What did he end up with? 26. Some of the best parts. He looked nervous in the first couple games and like he was trying to do 90 things at once. But by the time we got to the last two rounds, it felt like he was starting to, it also helped that they got go outta there and that helped with the spacing it seemed like. Yeah, totally. Him. He's the best, he's the best defensive player in the world right now. And he's still growing.


You think that? Oh, it's not close. Yeah. I mean I think he's this year, this year, last year I think Rudy had a, a, a really strong case for defense player of the year, don't get me wrong. But as we enter year two, I think we're gonna see that he's clearly the most impactful defensive player at the end of the season. Last year when he was on the court, his on off numbers with the Spurs, they were a top five defense with him on the court at the end of the season. Right. And they're terrible, like you said. Yeah. When he came off the court, they descended right back to that lottery level defense that we expected from them for the last few years. So he's, he's, he's already there. It was fun watching him slowly figure out during the season how tall and unstoppable he was, you know, and it's like, oh, seems like good things happen if I'm closer to the room.


Oh it seems like I can challenge everybody's shot and probably have an impact. And as he started putting the pieces together, the last 20, I mean Illa I think voted for him for defensive player of the year, which a few people did. I couldn't do it with the being on a bad team, which is just one of my weird award quirks. But yeah, you know, by the end of the year it did feel like he was the dominant guy. All right. Gimme, gimme trends. We're gonna go backwards from five to one. Gimme your number five trend that you're studying heading into the season. Yeah. The, the offensive explosion in the NBA bill is, is the scoring explosion we've witnessed over the last 10 years going to continue or not. There's some really interesting evidence suggesting it won't, but the last 10 years we've seen just an insane amount of offensive efficiency growth in the best basketball league in the world.


And I have a few stats that I think prove it. Yeah, that just jumped off the page. So that's my first one. Will this offensive efficiency explosion continue into 2024? 2025. So what, give us a couple reasons why this has happened beyond the usual, everybody's just better at shooting from 25 feet than they used be. Well everybody is better at shooting, but dude, the, what I'm about to say, I'll give you two that that really just grabbed me last year and was like, oh my god. So the 73 win Warriors of 2015 16, they ranked number one in the offense in offensive efficiency. NBA averaged 113.5 points per 100. Alright?


Yeah. That team last year, that number would've ranked 21st in the N NBA A, oh my god. Just below the Chicago Bulls, the offensive juggernaut of 2020 3 24 and the rockets. So in other words, the, the 73 Win Warriors, not old school by the way, we're not talking about the nineties bowls or the eighties Celtics. Yeah. And then if you look at the KD Steph Warriors the next year that broke the record for offensive efficiency in NBA history, that team would've ranked 16th in the NBA last year below the Lakers. Wow. Darvin ham's offensive juggernaut in Los Angeles. So that's how fast the goalposts have moved to where we are now, where we're scoring for the first time in league history, bill over 115 points per 100 possessions.


And that is like the Al Gore inconvenient truth graph, the hockey stick graph. That's what the offensive efficiency graph with in the Adam silver has really looked, looked like. So reasons other than that the shooting got better. The pace of the game picked up. They did a couple rule changes for that. Right. We got rid of some, some of those giant tall guys who were just kind of clumsy and hogging up space and the league moved a little bit away from those guys. And you know, I think the small ball thing was a little overrated the last couple years, but at the same time some teams were able to do it and they could, it seemed like there was more variance with the lineups. And then the only other thing I can think of is that we just had, for whatever reason, and this happens in Hollywood, it happens in comedy, it happens in music, it's not, you know, for whatever reason we had just a more of a cluster of good players.


Yeah. Like we just had more good offensive players than if you go back and you look at like 2013 and you just compare the creators versus like then it just feels like we have way more guys. And I don't really have an explanation for that. Yeah. I think a couple things happened. I think you nailed it. Everybody can shoot now. So in a league of 500 guys, I think about 400 of them can make a corner three. Yeah. And I don't think we were saying that in the Grayland era, I don't think we would say, Hey there's 400 guys in the NBA bill that can make a corner three in 2014. I don't think that was true. There was Roy Hibbert, we'll talk about him later. Those guys have faded out. You pointed that out. And then I think the combination of players getting sort of really smart and analytical and on their own and coaches really embracing it and just sort of spamming plays over and over again and, and just understanding how to run an offense.


And then I think, again, your Celtics really embody this when you watch Missoula ball, right? Like yeah it is four dudes spacing the court, a guy with the ball, they can all shoot a three. Al Horford learned to shoot threes. So it's play selection and then constant sort of analytical supervision of everything we're doing, what's working, what's not working, who's shooting well, who's not, and all that's coming Together. Well we should mention you were, you were working in a front office for a few years there with the Spurs as that was really shifting And one of the things was the technology got way better. You could just look at every single pin down you ran, you know, from January, February, March, and all of a sudden that's like this. And we didn't really even have that stuff in the same way I would say 10 years ago.


But it just seems like the intelligence went way up. Yeah. I think that's a huge part of it. And again, like every coach has an i a guy with an iPad behind him now telling him which pick and roll coverage is better. Which, which pick and roll plays are better. Who's shooting well from where. Yeah. And, and I think that's right. I think we just have a lot more information in the player tracking data than we've ever had. And these guys are using it. And then defense. Do You think the players are using it too? 'cause that seems to be another theme is the players are embracing some of this info now where I'm not sure they did 12, 13 years ago. One of the sneakiest things that's happened is there's a, an a machine called the NOA machine in all the practice facilities. And it does, doesn't tell you if you made it or missed it, it tells you where in the ring the basketball went.


So guys are knowing what, what the arc was of their shot and whether it was short or long or left and right. And certainly not all the players are using this information. Yeah. But a bunch of them have become really competitive with each other in the practice setting to get better at shooting threes. They know what these sort of fancy machines can tell them. It's, it's sort of analogous to the velocity revolution in baseball. Like when we were kids, only a few guys could throw 95 or a hundred. Now everybody can in part 'cause of this technological revolution in practice. Yeah. So I think that's a huge part of it too. That makes sense. All right. Did we hit everything on that or you wanna move to the second one? Yeah, the second one is sort of related, dude.


Okay. Honestly. Okay. What is it? And this one I I can't wait to hear what you say about this physicality is back and I think, and I think Celo and I were two of the people who were shouting and moaning and groaning the loudest last winter about the scoring explosion and about part of that being officiating driven. Yeah. And player foul, BA driven. And one of the most fascinating trends of, of the middle of the year last year we saw was offensive efficiency actually went down and went down dramatically between January and April of the regular season. That's not something we've ever seen before.


And it wasn't an accident, if you recall, as players were scoring 70 over and over again and, and game scores were getting very high bill, a lot of people were complaining and putting stuff on social media and then something happened and you can talk to your friends or our friends in the gambling world and they noticed it. And you can talk to friends who studied the game really analytically. But the officials started say swallowing the whistle more. We Noticed it. I remember it was like the second Sunday pod we did after All Star. And it was a topic for us. 'cause we were like, does these capes feel different? What's going on here? It's like all of a sudden prison rules are back and they never really wavered away from it.


The prison rules are back. Let's maybe, I don't know if we hope so that's what I wanted to ask you about, but Carlisle this week had a great quote. He said, predicting what it's gonna be like this year. It's going to be much more physical this year. Games are gonna look a lot more like Feba than they did the old freedom of movement NBA. Yeah. And so for those of us who watched the Olympics, look I worked for Team USA in 2016 and one of the things I remember Coach K teaching our group and getting the guys around and trying to help us understand what the difference between FEBA and the NBA was. He is like, look, guys in the NBA, the offensive player gets the benefit of the doubt, right? In Feba the defensive player gets the benefit of the doubt. And around 2016 something else happened.


People like Lou Williams, people like James Harden started really cashing in on that benefit of the doubt a lot. And that drove a lot of efficiency. We saw, especially from three point shooting fouls and jump shooting fouls and, and a lot of shooting fouls that harden would draw. So I'm really curious, Tricking referees became in, in the mid 2000 tens. It became in, in the mid 2000 tens and it took like eight years for this really to sort of have this backlash. And so I think this physicality thing and like, look, this has real consequences. This isn't just some minor thing. If the games are going to be called differently teams like the Minnesota Timberwolves or Boston Celtics with great physical defenses are going to get better.


Yeah. And some players and teams are going to get worse. James Harden notably I think would be on that list and, and apologies to our nuggets friends, like anybody who watched Jamal Murray play FIBA basketball this summer. If if if Carlisle's right? If games are gonna look more like fifa, some of the players are gonna struggle in that environment. Joker I would throw in too, because joke Joker was just getting hit by a two by four for four straight months. And you know, his stats were around the same, but his three point shot was gone by the time we got to round two. Right. He couldn't make anything for 25 feet. Then it all of a sudden became Yeah, let's just take our chances.


Go ahead. Shoot that. You know? And he and his three point shoot never really came back. I always felt like that was the physicality that at least was a piece of it. Yeah, for sure. And and again, like our friends in the, in the gambling world, like they're gonna be watching this trend very closely. 'cause it, yeah, it's gonna affect scores of basketball games, it's gonna affect player props, it's gonna affect, you know, voting for all NBA because cer certain players markers are gonna change. And you know, I think it's really interesting the league, it is a really interesting point in the mid 2020s here, do we try to emulate feba basketball more? Yeah. Or do we continue this like chicks dig the long ball philosophy of just letting scores and box score video game numbers become in real life numbers.


I don't think anyone likes it. At least nobody that's in my life or anyone I've, I've talked to that just these soft giant point totals that we can't really put it in a perspective with the past of the game. I don't know how that is, but on the other hand, like I think it's gonna like Brunson this year, the game's gonna be super physical the way they called it the second half of last year in the playoffs. You're taking like these, you know, Brunson's what, six feet tall? Yeah. Huge offensive burden to begin with. But now also you're gonna be able to bang him around a little bit. That's gonna be really hard to do for nine months. Yeah, he did pretty well in the playoffs obviously. But I'm, I'm really interested in how that's gonna happen to some players and, and who's gonna respond well.


Like is Jayden McDaniels now gonna be like a very important Bruce Bowen type player for the Minnesota Tim roles? Do you think front offices were thinking about this as they made moves this summer? I think a lot of people, when we started to see that downtick and obviously rule change, they couldn't call them rule changes bill. Yeah. Because that's against league rules to quote unquote change rules in the middle of the year. So they had what they call points of emphasis Right. Added to the officiating. But yeah, for, for a lot of us, I think we're watching this from a personnel perspective and some players becoming more valuable than others with, with a new regulatory environment. And I will say, I agree with you anecdotally, nobody liked what we were seeing still.


And I vibed on it. No, you obviously if, but the NBA at some point showed me some focus group data that pointed out that people actually just love more and more points. Give us more and more points. That's good. I don't the focus group data sounds great. Let's, let's make everything dumber. Let's just make, let's make our coverage dumber. Let's make the games dumber. Let's just get dumber. I wanna take a quick break and then we'll go through your last three trends.


This episode is brought to you by State Farm. State Farm helps you score an affordable price when you choose to bundle home and auto insurance with the personal price plan bundling home and auto. That's a pro move. Just another way you can save on your insurance needs. Talk to a State Farm agent today to learn how you can bundle and save with the personal price plan like a good neighbor. State Farm is there. Prices are based on rating plans that vary by state coverage. Options are selected by the customer availability. Amount of discounts and savings and eligibility vary by state.


This episode is brought to you by Comedy Central's the Daily show. Not all elections are created equal. Some are much, much worse than others. The political climate is getting hotter and hotter, but John Stewart and the Daily Show are barely breaking a sweat as they make sense of political nonsense every weeknight. Comedy Central's the Daily Show continuing 2024 election coverage with John Stewart. Mondays at 11 and every weeknight at 11 on Comedy Central.


All right. Come back with Goldsberry. One other thing on that physicality thing I was thinking was that Memphis has a lot of the different pieces that could go one way or the other, right? Like they have Ja who has always been a really hard guy to officiate because he flies into the basket bounces off people, right? They're also like a tenacious defense team and they have that piece. They also have Zach, Edie as the big guy that's gonna be really, really hard to officiate. I'm really, I'm just really interested to watch them this year. They're getting a lot of buzz. I was talking to somebody this week who was like, you really think they're in the inner circle of teams that could potentially win the West? And I was like, I actually do because Jah was one of the 10 best players in the league two years ago.


And if he's back and smart's healthy and Jaron Jackson's healthy and Ed does what we think and Brandon Clark can come back like, I, I just like their team, but I'll be interested to see how the physicality stuff affects them. Yeah, I agree. I think Jah like driving, you know, when he was playing at his best, he was an undersized high flying rim attacker and, and yeah and sort of the, the, the Adam silver era of the NBA. That's great. But in the David Stern era, the NBA, those guys didn't always get treated. They well capitated once they got there. And I don't think we're ever gonna see the lamb beer clotheslines in the paint ever again. Or the Andrew Bynum ones for a more recent version of this.


But yeah, I I I I'm very interested like if if guys are even just allowed to be a little bit more physical on the perimeter with players like John Moran, is he gonna be able to get to the paint? I think that's one of the areas we should watch for for sure. Bill and Zach, Edie favorite to win rookie of the year, obviously gonna be he Justified. Yeah, I I actually, I think you could argue he's gonna have the most impact on a team that's decent or better, but I sure there, there's gonna be somebody who's awesome that we're not seeing. They're the hardest team to predict in the NBA in my opinion. And he, he's hard to predict himself 'cause I just don't know. I don't know if it's gonna work on defense if he's fast enough laterally to, to stay in front of Stephan Curry or no.


Well you're not invited on Edie Island not sending you an invite. Alright, we're, we're, we're building property down there. You're not, you're not gonna get the brochure. I'll be hanging out. I think he's gonna be really good. I think he's gonna be an absolute bitch to guard. Do you really? And I do. I think he's got good hands and size and good footwork and he's just awkward. He makes every free throw. Yeah, I think he's gonna be a weapon. He's just weird. We haven't had a guy like that in a long time. Would do do your third best trend Parody. Parody. Parody and parody. And your team might ruin this, but there's an some incredible numbers and as as the internet's resident basketball historian Bill, you know that this league has, has been driven by dynasties and and legendary runs.


Top heavy is always the best. Yeah. Boston, Los Angeles in the eighties, the Shaq and Kobe Lakers in 2000, the Spurs, they sort of split that obviously Jordan in the nineties, LeBron goes to the finals eight years in a row last decade. Right. The Warriors always in the finals. It got kind of annoying. This, this year we're not seeing this decade. We're not seeing that. We have had five straight years in the west with five different champions. Crazy. Your team, the Boston Celtics and the, and the Miami Heat are the only team halfway through the 2020s that have been to the finals more than once. This is very unusual and this is an interesting trend and it's not an accidental trend. It's been engineered by the league office with the collective bargaining agreement.


Yeah. Par parity is being engineered and I think going into the second half of this decade, specifically this season, it'll be interesting to see if it continues. But it's undeniably one of the dominant trends of the 2020s. And I think there's two teams that have a chance to end it. Lemme Boston. Yeah. Guess Celtics because you cheated on that. You told you that off already. Yeah. OKC has to be the other one. Yeah. I think OKC could go on a run where they're winning the West three the next five years, you know, four the next five years. Three I feel like they could e especially if this Clippers picks hits, which is the underrated NBA story right now is they could just swap with the clips who have the third worst odds in the West right now to make the playoffs on top of all the other assets they have.


They just had the ability to keep either doing those giddy Caruso type trades or kind of going all in with these different picks and just upgrading at spots when they need somebody. It's like, let's get a way better Lou Dort, here's two picks, here's Lou Dork. Give us a better version of him. So I think Brad Stevens and Sam Presti both deserve credit for winning the early era of the new CBA regime. Like this new time. They, they've, they've positioned themselves very well. But you're right. The only reason I would only say three of the next five is I have so much respect for the other teams in that conference and The Weby, the Weby shadow Weby coming obviously The best part in the league a year from now.


Luca Yoic. Yeah. They're, most of the best players in the league are on that side of the co of the League and yeah. Minnesota, let's not forget like there's, there's a lot of con there always has been competition. The west has been a bear. Like LeBron would not have made the finals eight years in a row if he's in the west. You're right. You know, the moment we're talking this out, if you were gonna say next five years Western conference titles OKC over under two and a half. It's a pretty good argument I would go over because I think they're gonna, I think these clipper picks are gonna be like freaking almost like their version of what the Celtics had from the KG trade in the mid 2000 tens. They're just gonna get all a sudden these incredible picks on top of all the guys they already have.


Yeah. And they draft well they, they don't screw up the draft. Yeah. And then obviously they can stack a bunch of those together as you said, to either get incredible role players like we've just seen them at with Caruso and Hartenstein here. Yeah. Which is just unfair. Or to go get another superstar. Like if Kevin Durant wants the symbolic sort of return home Yeah. They are the one team that's positioned to be like, we could actually do this pretty easily. So I think there's, there's a couple of tools in their toolbox that they have that nobody else has on top of arguably the deepest roster in the west right now. You know, I gotta give a shout out to the Knicks 'cause the more information that came out about the trade they made, like we did this Saturday pod, we didn't even know all the details.


We're just reacting to what that is is a basketball thing. And even Mahoney and I did Tuesday, but then once the trade was official, all their cap mechanics that they did where they gave the three guys slightly over the minimum, the big reaction we had on Saturday when I talked to Austin was about why now? Why didn't, why not wait this trade would be here. And, and as you read about, it's like the reason it's why now is 'cause once the season started, the trade is gone. They have really no salary capability to make a trade like this unless Mitchell Robinson was in it. And from all the reporting it was like the Knicks were offering, it seems like they were offering Randall and Robinson for two straight months.


Hey, any, any word on the Randall Robinson offer and Tim Conan's like, nope. And then finally they, they, they bent and put de Vincenzo in. But I thought that was real interesting. But it really seems like they played it smart. if you look at, I was talking to Jason Conce about this today, like that if, if you just look at what they did from a, from, from a higher up level, just the stupidest version of it. It's like they just made two, two for one trades and then traded a bunch of picks. God only knows for bridges and, and that's the kind of stuff you're not allowed to do in a fantasy league or on 2K they got, they ended up getting three players for all these other assets. So I still think towns is a 50 50 but I you gotta hand it to them.


I'm, I'm kind of moving toward their vision for it. It took like five days. It's risky. Obviously the No, it's Super risky. Yeah, It's risky. I don't know if I trust towns in New York. I don't know if my, me neither as the primary defender in the interior of your basketball court, which is something he didn't have to do in Minnesota Or to stay healthy. I mean, or stay healthy mean the injury stats with him are pretty alarming. But I get it. There's a million things we could point to, but talent wise, they're trying out those five and all those guys are healthy and towns doesn't self combust in New York. Like I get it. It's just the, the flip side of that if it doesn't work out. But you know, I get why they did it.


I get why they did it. Minnesota did it. I I can see why Minnesota did it too. Clearing the, clearing the decks off of that second or third big contract and, and sort of opening it up. Because I think Randall comes off with an option as soon as the end of this year depending on if he takes his option. There's, I dunno if you have any of these people in your life, but there's a couple Knicks fans in my life now who are like this. Randall's stuff's ridiculous. Randall's good. He's fucking tough as hell. People don't realize like this guy was second team all NBA, it's not like this was some bozo that got thrown in. This guy's a really good basketball player and now he has a chip on his shoulder and just don't, please don't undersell the Randall piece of this. I wanna see it.


I think the spacing's gonna be super weird. But you know, he, he was un paced to make all NBA what, three years in a row. Yeah. And he's, he, the way I look at the game analytically, he is one of the more enigmatic guys to pin down. Yeah. 'cause one year he is unquestionably a great offensive player and then the next year he, his shot just goes away and he, he takes really tough shots sometimes and you're just, he's just a hard guy to pin down. I think we're gonna see the best version of him for the point you just made. He seems like a guy who will play better with a chip on his shoulder. He seems like a guy he will be able to channel that into. And I told you so sort of season.


And I think the vibe Also also a physical guy going back to your physicality point, like super physical. This is the way the league is now is good for him. Great passer. I feel like that team got a personality transplant and I feel like he's gonna make him tougher in a way with Carl going out and him coming in. I think that's, that's good for Minnesota too. And I think him, it has a chance to really vibe with Ant and I think that culture and Jaden McDaniels and really sort of coalesce into a really gritty tough group. A defensive minded group. And Tim Conley could win this trade. He could. So you mentioned the parody piece and then we'll move on.


But I agree with you at the top there's more contender parody than we've had in a long time. Usually. Usually there's somebody, even if you go back to the two thousands, you had the Pistons were in the mix for like six years in a row in the east. Right? The Lakers had two different runs. There's always people that have runs. I was looking because we're, we we're taping the over under spot in two weeks and I was looking at the east, you can come up with the first seven in the east, the, the rest of the teams in the east. It's brutal. There's actually feels like there's potentially more bad teams than we've had in a while. You could potentially get up to 10 bad teams in a 30 team league, which I thought, I can't remember that.


And some of them are bad by design, other of them are just kind of too young or they're poorly designed. But it feels like the bottom part of the league is gonna be really bottomy this year. Yeah, I agree with that. I think, you know, you have the Nets, the wizards, no offense to our friend Joe Toronto Raptors, the Hornets, the bowls, the pistons, But maybe the Hawks. The hawks are fucking weird. And it the Blazers and it skews to the, it's skews to the east, which means your, your team and the Knicks or the Pacers, whoever really clicks below the Celtics line is gonna have a lot of easy wins too. So I think that that this is good for the Boston Celtics.


'cause this is distributed on the eastern half of the bracket and means a lot regular season winds. you can rest for Zynga, you can rest your guys, you can, you can defend your title It better Zynga because you're gonna have a lot of games in Charlotte, Chicago Yes. In in Detroit and Toronto to win with, you know, two of your guys resting. And I think that's gonna lend, lend itself. So if I had to predict the parody thing, I think your team is in really good position in Boston to be favored not just this year but the next few years to come outta the Eastern Conference. Borrowing any drama up there, Kirk, that makes me super happy. I'm glad you think that.


Yeah. FanDuel Philly, Milwaukee, Cleveland, Orlando, Indiana, Miami, Nicks, right? You got, you got those seven, then it quickly goes into Toronto, Atlanta, Charlotte, Chicago, Detroit, Washington, Brooklyn as the make the playoffs odds descend Brooklyn is 40 to one to make the playoffs on FanDuel. Right. But then you go up to Atlanta, they're plus 1 52 and that's as an eight seed. So even FanDuel's, like we don't fucking know who's gonna be the eight seed like So. it tells me one of those teams. And that's what I have to figure out before we do the over under one of those teams is gonna be a, oh this team's a little better than we thought team. And I don't know who that is yet.


Like it might be Charlotte. I don't know. I like Charlotte there, but yeah, I don't know if those odds account for the, the Ben Simmons workout videos that we all saw a couple weeks ago. Well he's feeling great. It's a, I read an article yesterday that it's starting point guard is, it's a battle between him and Schroder. We don't know, we're just gonna have training camp to figure out who grabs it. I'm gonna bet on Schroder. Just, I'm gonna put that money down now. Do I? Well I'll say if Ben Simmons comes back to 78% of what we've seen from Ben Simmons, it could be Brooklyn just by default what you just listed there like that he would become one of the better players in that group of, of troubled Eastern conference Change. But didn't they do the thing where they, they did that, they did the trades over the summer because they wanted, they basically were saying we want our pick to be bad to be good this year and we wanna own it.


So that makes me suspicious. I the win for them would be to be able to trade Ben Simmons right. To I Think so, yeah. Deal Expiring and be like, Hey look at this guy. Used to be an all defense guy. What's your fourth trend? My fourth trend is American superstars Bill Simmons are washed. Oh boy. Yeah. Washed. It's been six full years since a hardworking American has won the N-B-A-M-V-P award bill. Wow. Six years. It's as an American myself, it's one of the most alarming trends in basketball growing up watching Michael Jordan and Charles Barkley, Larry Bird and Magic Johnson.


This was our game. This was our sport. Yeah. And, and it was represented at the very top of the league. Now if you look at MVP odds or you look at who's gonna be first team all NBA, you see a bunch of guys who weren't born in our country. And I kid a little bit here, but this is remarkable. This is basketball becoming soccer. This is a global sport. I it's been awesome For the, I don't kidding, I'm, I'm, I'm about to start humming. God bless America. But there's a path where there's not an American MVP in the 2020s and we're on it and we're on it through this season. Unless somebody like Jalen Brunson, Jason Tatum upsets the other five guys who are in front of them for MVP who are all foreign born, including SGA.


A lot of people take credit for him in our country. He's Canadian. Yeah. But I think it is one of the more interesting trends. We saw it in Paris. We narrowly escaped a Serbia game with one of the best Olympic rosters we've ever put together. We narrowly escaped a French game with that same roster. Yeah. This game is global now and it's showing up at the top, the topes top award that we give out in pro basketball. FanDuel has Luca as the favorite of plus three 80 yoic four to one, Shea five to one, and b plus seven 50 Giannis plus eight 50. And then Brunson's 10 to one Edwards is 11 one. So there's not an American player with single digit MVP odds anymore.


It's crazy. Yeah, it's crazy. And as we've said, three times all other on the segment already, it's like Weby is still coming. I don't think he's gonna be a factor this year. Yeah. But when we look out in the, in the trend space deeper into the 2020s, I think the Weby MVP futures for 2028 are relevant in 2029. And I really think we could see a full decade Bill Simmons and this is where I put book a basketball bill up on here. Yeah. This is remarkable dude. This is an American league for the last 80 years for the most part. Yeah. And and one of the biggest trends is it's no longer the case. Yeah.


I'm trying to think like we haven't even seen the best version of Luca yet. No, He has not won an MVP. There's no scenario where he doesn't win an MVP this decade if he doesn't get hurt. Yoka just still in his prime Wimpy's coming and you're looking at Edwards and Tatum. There's like a, maybe keep your fingers crossed for John Morant having like a 2011 Derrick Row season lifting up a team. You know, maybe 10 wins higher than they should be, but Devin Booker maybe. Yeah. It's, it's, I don't see it's Slim Pickens. Yeah. And, and you know, maybe it's Cooper, Cooper Flagg is our is is, but who knows what it's gonna be, dude.


But it is remarkable and it's one of the biggest trends again since we were working together at Grantland. This is crazy. Yeah. Before 2019, only three international players had ever won the award. Should We just claim him beat? I mean he did claim for team USA, maybe we can claim him. Yeah. I put this on my Instagram and I have the flags of all the, the, the nationalities of the guys and a bunch of people in the comments were like, dude and beads American. He played for Team USA today. Yeah. I'm like, well I don't know if the people in Cameroon would claim he is American, but Yeah, I think no. And b all kidding aside, American born. Yeah. We, we don't need charity. We're a freaking America. Like this is crazy.


I love this. This is most excited. I've been since Rocky four was on two nights ago and I watched Stallone and the cold organ. What's your, what's your last trend? My last trend is related, and it's related again to the decade. It it is the center position is back, the center is big men are back. And we sort of alluded to this earlier with the physicality segment, but you know, Roy Hibbert was an all-star and then outta the league in two years. Yeah. Draymond Green had re revolutionized the center position and now we see a league full of M mbs. No, That's not fair. You can't credit Draymond. It was Ante Z Wasn't that his name?


The Hawks? Yeah, the Hawks The Hawks guy. Yeah. Mike, Mike Boone Holzer ended Roy Hebert's career in the playoffs. They, They spotted that big, bulky, whatever country that dude was from and he started hitting threes and it completely upended the playoffs. That's the great, that's a great scene for the, the the European big documentary that we should make is is yeah, Zivich taking down Roy Bert, Was that who it is now? I gotta look this up. I might be mixing Vantage Per Per That's who it was. I couldn't remember his name. Perro. I can't believe I did it. But yeah, bud deserves credit for saying, Hey guys, our center should be able to shoot too.


And if your center can't shoot and can't defend in the pick and roll and can't pass, like time's running out and the credit goes to Giannis, Pingus and Bead and Yoic for bringing skills to the five man and saying, look, size is still the most important thing you can have in this dumb game we're all obsessed with. But if I can dribble past and shoot too, I'm gonna be a problem. And so big men are back and I think more valuable than ever if they can put it together. If you can dribble past and shoot in that position group and obviously rebound, you are among the most valuable players in the sport.


And I don't think that's what we were talking about five years ago, seven years ago when, when, when we were chasing Roy Hibbard out of the NBA and when Zebo stopped posting up and, and Draymond was running up and down the court at six six being a center. Yeah. So I think that the, the, the another big trend is like yeah, the return and revenge of the girth, as I like to say, the center position is back. Yeah. It feels like it would be really hard to win a title unless you at least had an answer for an awesome center at some point in the four rounds. Right. The Celtics are so big, right? Yeah. That's not small ball. Small ball's not going anywhere. Yeah. you need, you need Giannis, you need Yoic. you need pingus.


Yeah, yeah. you need these guys that, that can, can bang around and rebound and, and you again, as, as the, as the the historian of the game know that the sleek was owned by these guys for first half, For better and worse. I think they won like that. Was These big centers like battling like two dinosaurs against each other as everyone else stood around. Yeah, it was for worse. It was, and we, we, we opened up the game with a three point shot and that led to a crisis at the center position. But instead of going away peacefully, they learned how to dribble, pass and shoot and get a little quicker and, and they, they didn't go quietly. In fact, they're winning MVPs and I think the last three MVPs, the last four MVPs are centers 'cause yo has just won three.


Right. And MD has won four and we haven't had a decade bill with four centers winning the MVP since the seventies. Wow. So they're not only back, they're back in a way that in my lifetime is, is unusual at the very top of the league. Two other things I think with that one is the curry generation influence and just these big guys Coming up shooting threes when they were kids or teenagers and just being more comfortable for it. But I, I mean the greatest guy to look at for this is Al Horford. Yeah. Who I think until like 2016, I don't think he took any threes. And then if you go look at his basketball reference, there's all of a sudden this one year and it just flips.


And from that point on, he's completely reinvented himself as this different type of guy. So that's one thing. And then the other thing is I think as, as our stuff got more sophisticated with where people were scoring and not scoring what plays worked and didn't work. Yeah. You watch and I obviously during the summer I'm watching old basketball sometimes 'cause I just miss basketball and you watch some of the offense they ran back then. It's unbelievable now to watch. They're just dumping into some big guy. There's no spacing at all. There's two guys on his side of the court. He's immediately swarmed. He tries to do like a drop step anyway and in traffic and we were just kind of doing basketball incorrectly.


Yeah. It was like, so I think that, I think we just solved that and that probably helped the centers Yeah. Opening up the game. I mean Dirk is another person who really just sort of led by example. It's like, oh guys, I, I'm pretty good at at rebounding and, and blocking shots, but I'm very good at shooting the ball and nobody can block it and I can space the floor and open it up for Jason Kidd to do whatever he wants over here on offense. And I think that changed a lot of things. Brooke Lopez and Al Horford revolutionized their games on the fly to fit in. Hey Lopez is another one. He'd never shot threes. Yeah, it's good. Lopez and Horford were all stars without ever making threes and then became NBA champions and extended their careers and made a lot more money.


Yeah. Because they were like, you know, bud was involved with Brooke Lopez too. He started that in Brooklyn. But when he got to Milwaukee, obviously spaced the floor for Giannis to just govern and pummel people with a basketball. So I think that's a huge part of it, dude. For sure. Well Bud's now IC is his biggest project yet. He's probably got ish. Just can you make these, he does two shots from these two spots for me because this is my thing, man. Please do it. He, I can tell you a little insider stuff there with the Suns. They are trying to get Ner to shoot threes. Whether that'll work or not is one of the more interesting things we'll get to witness early this season, maybe even in the pre-season. But I wouldn't be surprised to see Nerc trying to shoot threes in preseason basketball.


So yeah, bud, bud has, has revolutionized that too. He obviously had Al Horford in Atlanta as well. Kirk Goldsberry. Without spoiling anything next week, it's good to have you in our universe and look forward to hearing more from you on different places that might involve The. Ringer. Oh man, that would be great. Let's try to make it happen. Bill, thanks for having me on. Alright, We'll try. I'm gonna work on it right now. Kirk, good to see you.


This episode is brought to you by SimpliSafe. As a father, I know how important it's to make sure you're keeping your kids safe. It always feels like you could always be doing more. Right. Well, here's a parenting tip. Get a SimpliSafe home security system. It's a great way to make sure your family has the protection they need, even if you're not there. We have one our house and we love it. It's a summer we just went away. When you're away, you wanna know that all hell isn't breaking loose in your house. And that's where SimpliSafe comes in. If you're gonna trust anyone with the safety of your loved ones, trust is SimpliSafe. They've been named Best Home Security Systems by US News and World Report for five years running right now. you can get an exclusive 50% discount on a new system, plus a free indoor security camera with Fast Protect monitoring. Just visit SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. This offer is for a limited time only. So order today. Once again, SimpliSafe with two is SimpliSafe dot com slash bs. There's no safe like SimpliSafe.


This episode is brought to you by Netflix, which we should be showing Mr. McMahon on September 25th, starting five. A new 10 part Netflix sports series provides an intense behind the scenes look at the 2020 3 24 NBA season through the eyes of five of the league's biggest players, Jimmy Butler, Anthony Edwards, LeBron James, Deante Saboni, and Jason Tatum. Obviously, I'm always gonna think about this season, think about the fact that the Celtics and Jason Tatum won the title, but Anthony Edwards had a breakout superstar season that captured all of it. Starting five, captures the biggest players battles on and off the court, giving sports fans an unfiltered view of life at the pinnacle of pro basketball Watch starting five October 9th, only on Netflix.


All right. Danny Heifetz is here from The Ringer. He is one of the hosts of The Ringer Fantasy Football show. An excellent show that I really enjoy. He also writes for The Ringer dot com. He's also a diehard Giants fan and neighbors made it four games, but it was an incredible four games. Now I, I don't understand they're playing the Seahawks house and I are gonna talk about this later. A million dollar picks. They're like plus six, plus six and a half. nabs was their whole offense. And he's almost definitely not playing against Seattle. I don't understand what is the case for the Giants now. I don't believe neighbors died so the Giants could go one and three. I don't know. I don't think there's ever been an offense. Offense. I'm serious. I don't know if there's an offense in NL history that relied on a rookie so much immediately outta the gate to be not just like touches, but the design.


I mean, yeah, even though OD Del Beckham had a great rookie year, he didn't play the first four weeks of the season, I don't think even was active. And so I think it's like Adrian Peterson, like a running back in oh seven. So the idea without him, I, I, I mean I, it, it is sad how much this guy who is 21 years old not playing is like the, it feels hopeless. But on the other hand, when he was playing there was hope, like he was that good. I was like, I figured he would be in the near the top of targets. And I looked it up and he had nine more targets than anyone else in the league through four games. I, in 52, the next guy was 43. But eye test wise, it felt that way.


It felt like every series, they were just, how can we get in the ball? How can he just get a touch? I mean, he's the yeah, he is number one receiver in fantasy right now, basically for a reason. But yeah, you watch that Cowboys game, it's funny 'cause I think Daniel Jones at 29 completions, 23 of them were to neighbors and Dale Robinson. But the reality is all the Dale ones are basically check downs. 'cause neighbors is doubled. It's all thir. Yeah. Second and 18, he gets eight yards. It's third and eight, he gets seven, it's third and five, it gets three. It's all just, they double neighbors, they throw it to Dale. It's not like Dale just becomes a number one Dale's five foot eight. The the plan is to throw it to Dale and they'll tackle him short. It's not an offense. So, I mean, without neighbors, I, I, it's funny how many receivers in the NFL right now if they missed a game, would move the spread more than neighbors, because I don't think it's five more than five or six players.


Such a good point. I, and it was such a, such a weird pick because you could go either way in it, right? It's like, well the Giants can't block. Like you should just take the other left tackle. You're always good there and don't take a wide receiver and when you don't have a quarterback. And yet they really thought, seemed to think he was special. Which, you know, I know you did a bunch of ringer draft shows and that was a big argument. Could he actually be better than Harrison? And then you watch him out there, especially at the age he was at, it's just, I didn't even know who to compare him to house. And I were talking about, it's like Tyreek Hill, but with size and it just craftsmanship. And I, I was just blown away by how good he was. And it was such a shame he got hurt at the end of that Dallas game.


The game was like basically, you know, almost over and then he gets hurt. It was Such a, it was such a weird injury too. 'cause Al Michaels, who I don't know if Ali wants to be doing those games anymore, and he just was like, oh, neighbor's hurt. Like yeah, I think he got knocked out trying to make a toe tap catch. They barely addressed it. But then, yeah, no, to your point, I mean I, the joke we made on the fantasy on the draft show last year, and it, I wasn't really a joke. I kept asking if Marvin Harrison was still Marvin Harrison's son, but he just was named Trent or Robert or something that wasn't Marvin Harrison would we just have Malik neighbors hire? Because that's really the argument is that Nabs actually is, he would've been number one in last year's receiving class and, and before that too. And, and so I, I think he's a special player. There's an argument they should have just taken JJ McCarthy or whatever because you're, it's so rare to get an, get a quarterback that high that when you're that high, just take it and you should just do that every year.


However, they, I mean, look, it's hard to watch the first four weeks of the season to think that was a bad pick. Well it's also watching all these guys. 'cause I think Brian Thomas Jr. Is awesome. Oh my God, he's amazing. And I don't know how many times Lawrence has missed him in the first four games, but it's been at least a handful. But he seems like every time they go wide and somebody's running, it just seems like he's open by three yards. Adze is probably the four. I mean, he is been a little banged up, but he's easily probably the fourth best out of those four guys at least coming outta the gate. And Harrison has had moments, but neighbors is clearly, if you're doing this over, you're doing a redraft. He's clearly the first guy. Right? He's, he's unbelievable.


And I think that's the key is he Ba Malik Neighbors. I, I'm serious when I say this. I'm, I'm obviously biased fan brain at work here, but I really think, I don't know if there's ever been a receiver in NL history who was as focal. Like the, the the point of every concept they're running is to get the ball to him immediately, right? Like the first four weeks of the season. I don't know if there's ever, like even the Cardinals with Marvin Harrison, Greg Dortch was picking up a lot, you know? Right. Defenses were showing respect to Marvin Harrison. But it, the Giants, it's like if if Malik doesn't have the ball, the the play is not gonna work on half the plays. And he just turned like 21 years old. I don't think that's ever happened before. I say this in a semi insulting way, it's like watching a high school team that has one awesome player and the coach is just like, we just gotta get, we gotta get Johnny the ball.


Johnny, we got the Scouts are here and that's what the thing is. But what's the psyche of the Giants fans with this? Because on the one hand, heart knocks was a disaster. The Saquon thing was a disaster. The team has been the worst team in the league for the last eight years and it really feels like there's gonna be a total house cleaning. But on the other hand, this pick was amazing. The pick was amazing, but I, I think that Giants fin there's optimism around everyone. I think Giants fans are out on Daniel Jones and Giants fans are sad about Saquon and Giants fans are optimistic about the offensive line being, I mean, you gotta understand this is still better than what we're used to in offensive line. nabs is clearly awesome. The other pieces is Dale Robinson, Jalen Hyatt Dare Slaton Fitwell around nabs when he's healthy and the defense that enough talent on the defensive line that you'd think that you can eventually fish the secondary.


But I knew this season was in a weird spot when your buddy Hershey, who's a Giants fan, and my mom, who is the reason I'm a Giants fan, I can't believe this happened verbatim. This same text message to me after watching the first hard knocks and Hershey and my mom have never met. And they both texted me after the Saan episode aired where they called Saquon and said, no thanks, but no thanks. This is so fucking depressing verbatim from both. And I was like, that's a terrible sign. But every giant spent I knew watched that was like, how bad was everything else that that's what got aired. Yeah. And how do you even let cameras in the building if you're just completely inept? All right, so you're gonna do, I asked to do five favorites. Your five favorite fantasy assets in distress that you would actually trade for these are, Are exactly.


Yeah. Yeah. These are, they haven't started out great. Maybe the person who has these guy, these five guys is starting to panic that thought. They overpaid, they read it wrong. So there's a chance you swoop in and grab it or you have one of these guys and it's just stay, stay calm, stay calm, stay calm. So we're gonna go in reverse order from five to one. So give us number five. Oh give us, oh you wanna go number five? Okay. So Yeah, I wanna go, I wanna end with number one. Okay, well in that case then I'll give you the fifth one. I'm cheating a little. The fifth one, this isn't even a trade thing. This guy's on waivers, but I wanna do it 'cause nothing's happened yet. But Aie Mitchell for the Cols, and this is, you know, maybe not the most exciting one to lead with, but aie Mitchell's a rookie receiver for the Cols at a, at a University of Texas.


He's done nothing. And you don't have to like he's on waivers, you don't even have to add him right now. Ad Mitchell though has the best ask in the league and by ask there's this stat fantasy points, it's a great website, shout out to Scott Baird and them at Fantasy Points. They have this great stat now called as, which is average separation score. And it's honestly, it's like a breakthrough. I've seen this 'cause Jalen Polk is good at this. He's think Number three, Jalen PO is an incredible ass we've been telling you through the whole draft season. But you know what it really is, is just, you know, if you get right now, you know the player tracking, it's like, oh you're really open five yards from the defender. Alright, well if it's third in 20 who and you're 10 yards away from the first, who cares if you're open, you know, like that's the defense is giving it to you. So, but if it's third and 10 and you're 12 yards downfield, that's hard to get open.


So average separation score, they do a really good job of actually looking at watching tape and player and like looking at the coverages and being like, how hard was it to get open though? Really? Were you up 'cause of the coverage breakdown and they made a mistake or did you do something and they assign you a score? It's really good. Anyway, the, and you look at the metric and you know how it is with stats where it's like you do want the stats to match the eye test and you're like, alright, minimum 50 routes this season. The best asses are, you know, what is Crystal Lave is really high up there. Jamon Williams, Brandon Iuk, Mike Evans, and number one as in the NFL since September is ad Mitchell for the Cols. Wow. Number one A. So here's the thing, he's not playing a ton right now because he's a rookie. He's mercurial I think as a prospect and there's frankly a lot of little details he's gotta get right of lining up snaps mo when he starts playing.


I don't even need to see him have any catches or yards when he actually becomes a regular member of the rotation. We see this all the time with rookie receivers. We have all these expectations and in September, like you didn't do anything yet. And we get impatient November and December. The rookie receiver, the the, the rookie wall is a myth. It's not like, oh they don't play 17 games and they get tired. It's the opposite September they don't do anything. And then like last year Rashish Rice didn't do anything for three months and then he was a top six receiver for the end of the season. And so that's where a guy like Ad Michel, I think you keep him in mind. He's great ass. You know what's interesting on that? I picked up Josh Downs in all three of my leagues last week or that LA yesterday I guess. So I watched that entire Col Steelers game and he was open the entire game and they were looking for him and throwing it to him and he was making big catches.


He was hurt the first couple weeks. Pittman also had a big game. You're telling me about Mitchell Pierce has made a couple big long plays. Like I actually really like their receivers and I do wonder like if they just said, Hey Anthony, Richard, no Richardson, no offense, but we might, we actually might have a chance to do some stuff. Is it okay if we play Joe Flaco? We, I, because Flaco the moment he came in and I had the Taylors, I was like, oh no this is, and he was hitting dudes. But I like their weapons. Taylor was really good too before he got hurt. Chris Ryan came on our show The Ringer Fantasy Football show last or a couple weeks ago and talked about how it all these quarterbacks are probably still just playing too early in the money ification of these rookie contracts where it went from, oh it's cool that Seahawk had Russell Wilson, he was being paid less than long Snapper, but now it's become arbitrage the rookies throw into the fire at all costs throw into the wolves.


It's like the thing about Richardson's still like the youngest quarterback, you know what I mean? Right. He's like two years younger than Jayden Daniels. And so yeah, it's like Joe Flacco probably is more prepared to play to play. But it's also funny that you like the Colts receivers because your basketball brain, more than any GM in the, in the NFL, Chris Ballard, the Colts GM has said I want my receivers to resemble a basketball team. Interesting. So I think subconsciously I think it, yeah you were drawn to it. I thought, You know, they hit a couple third and tens against the Steelers, which is no small feat 'cause the Steelers have an excellent defense. But I felt like they had guys open that whole game and I don't know, I was intrigued by them. I went from thinking they sucked after two weeks to kind of not thinking maybe they could steal the division and refuse to go south.


Alright, who's your number four? Number four on the rookie trains? Just Roma, Dunay and Xavier Worthy? I'm doing both, but just the rookie Train o Duney and Worthy. 'cause that was a chair if the 80 official really counted or not. But Roman Duney and Worthy Ozi obviously went to the Bears in Chicago with Caleb Williams and then the Chiefs, somehow the Buffalo Bills allowed the chiefs to trade up and get Xavier worthy, the fastest player in the history of the, of the N combine. And those are also guys where Xavier worthy had that great week one hasn't done a ton since, you know, we're recording this Thursday. So Maybe, you know, worthy, that's a great week. But I look at both those guys as of the same ilk where you were really excited to have them and then you're like, damn, they're not doing anything. Or Dudes Day had one great week and against the cults and then otherwise it's like one catch for 11 yards, two catches for 30 yards, one catch, dude, he's open man or dudes day's open like Caleb's missed some throws.


Belichick keeps saying Caleb's missing. But I look at O Dude like last week against the, the Rams o dude, he just got tackled by a Defend. Yeah, because by the, the slot quarterback, because he was gonna have like a 40 yard touchdown and you see that stuff like that and Caleb's missing throws to DJ Moore. I think DJ Moore could have a lot of, could do really well this week. But I look at Odo as like the eight, the the archetypical receiver that we thought would be good and we gave up on, and then in December you look up and you're like, oh, he's the number three receiver in all fantasy since Thanksgiving. And there's always Two rookies that do that too every Year. Yes. And so I think that's, I how I would start this segment is that every year for the last really since the college ification of the NFL in the last five years, every year there's two or three rookie receivers that just flip the switch somewhere between Halloween and Thanksgiving.


And you find those dudes, you know, those old commercial, you save the cheerleaders, save the, it's like find the receiver, win your league and Odoe is like the best example I've ever seen in years where it's like, yeah, rookie quarterback, rookie receiver, he's already getting opened by week four. It's like, yeah, you're trying to think about week nine and beyond Odoe and then also Worthy is perfect for it. So this week they're playing the Panthers who they're gonna be able to throw on and if can't have an at least like a good game against them, I think that you'd be some concerns about what's going on because I'm with you. I felt like it feels like he's missed throws every game that I've had on one of the TVs. And the Panthers can't stop anyone. They can't, they can't rush the passer.


Right. He's actually gonna have time to look around. So I guess we're gonna find out worthy the, I think a lot of people are on because of the rice injury. Like I do feel Like, yeah, the rice injury ruins worthy. Yeah. It's like, oh obviously he's gonna get it. Yeah. I wonder like who's, who's the stealth chief now? The stealth, I mean the stealth chief receiver that is just gonna like Smith Schuster, the Pats waved in early August, like he couldn't move. And so like some people are like, I'm seeing him on like the roster trends, like people picking him up and it just feels like he's washed. But it's gonna be somebody, they always find somebody, They do shout out to Justin Watson, who actually my fiance's mom taught him in high school, convinced him to take AP Calc.


So there you go. Grad Justin Watson, Justin Watson, pen grad Justin Watson. We actually were watching the first ever Amazon Prime Thursday football game was Chiefs Chargers. That was the one where Herberts insides got liquified. Yeah. And she was like, oh, she's like, I taught it and Justin Watson and in my head I'm like, he's not gonna play, he's not gonna do anything. Three seconds later he catches an 80 yard touchdown. Oh my God. It was like, oh wow, there You go. Jesus. Alright, number three. Number three, Josh Jacobs the running back for the Packers. I I, he's a bite look at the end of the day people, I think most people probably just look at their player and they click on the little window and open it up and they're like 13 points, 11 nine points, five points.


And that's what they see with Josh Jacobs. And I think they get frustrated. I I I get why people would be, he hasn't scored a touchdown this year. I think people look at that and like that's insane. The touchdowns are about to come in bunches for Josh Jacobs, the Packers haven't scored a, they haven't, the Packers haven't played a normal game yet this year. They had the crazy week one game in the Brazil with that weird field. Yeah. And then weeks two and three were with Malik Willis and last week the Packers went down 28 to nothing because Jordan Love thought he had to do a Brett far of impression. The Packers are one of the better teams in the league. They're gonna have one of, one of the better offenses in the league. And then you're gonna have Josh Jacobs, he's the touchdowns are gonna come. He's the main guy. Emmanuel Wilson. I think a lot of the people who played are Red Herrings and I think Josh Jacobs is the last really good running back on a really good team that you can get for, for a fraction of what he really is gonna be worth down the stretch Rams defense 28th against the Run.


Yeah. I I'm worth, yeah, I I'm wor this week. That's the thing. I know this is Coming up Friday. I think you gotta get that done soon because I look at Josh Jacobs, I, I'm gonna just call my shot here. Josh Jacobs has never scored a receiving touchdown. He actually somehow has the most catches in the history of the NFL without or touchdown. Really? And I think Josh, yes, he has like 210 catches on crazy. He has never caught a touchdown. I think it'll happen this week with Josh Jacobs. Wow. So my version of that house has been on this in the rare gambling show. Mixon was awesome in week one and the Texans were clearly trying to have this kind of power running game mixed with being able to throw and the mixing goes out and you know, ha we haven't seen him again. I wonder what he's gonna look like week eight, week nine when he is healthy, when they're offensive line co, you know, they get their offensive line healthy tonsils back, they figured out the receivers tank de comes back.


Now you're spread the field more and they're just pounding with him because I think that's what they wanted to do. So he's another one that I feel like you can maybe steal for nothing. Tank De was I Tank de was literally sixth on this list. I literally was debating whether to talk about Tank de or not, but Mixon and I agreed too. Mixon, I think mix Nixon's smart because the Texans wanna run. Whether or not there's a whole, you know, we could, there's a whole argument of in the nerdiest corners of, of the football internet about whether you need to run to a to do run fakes and play action. Do you actually need to do run plays to do play action whether or not that's true, the Texans believe it and the Texans very from they've looked this way the whole time from all that we got ourselves in at Tizzy over the Stefan Digs trade. The reality is the Texans have won who run on first and often second down for the entirety of the Stroud time.


And honestly a lot of the games this year, they kind of did look like this last year too. We just did. They didn't look in the wild card round. But yeah, they have been like winning ugly the whole time with CJ Stroud. It didn't really look that way at the time, but Feels disjointed. Yeah, They wanna give him a lot of Carries to Joe Mixon. That's their identity. I think that Texans Bills is a stay away. Oh, Texans. I dunno what to expect from that. Bills defense and the Texans to me feel like the Lions did last week. I love the lions offense last week i's like the Lions, what's wrong with them? It's like we played three games, the lines are gonna be fine, they just need to pound the ball and run and that'll set up the pass and they'll be fine. And I want the Texans, I I really feel like they're gonna hit that point. I just don't know what week of this season it's gonna be the, it could be like week 11.


I do think schematically there's a world, I mean again, you can't let Deco Collins beat you. So there is actually a world where the bill where Stefan digs really does have to step up. I also, I, you know, a little spoiler but I'm going on The Wise Guys on the Great Sunday pregame show we got, oh that's The best pre-game show there is on YouTube tv. The pregame Show there is on YouTube TV and I, I'll spoil it right now, but my little long shot of the week is Stefan digs to score touchdown this week is like two to one. Stefan digs to score two touchdowns is 13 to one. The fuck If you Stefan Diggs game the fuck You Stefan Diggs game and if you want to com parlay the fuck you Stefan Diggs game versus the Bills and the fuck you DJ Moore game versus the Panthers and DJ Moore and Diggs both scored two touchdowns versus their former team.


I put down $5 on that DJ Moore and Diggs to both get fuck you two touchdown games. Why can't we have fuck you Sam darn in there too. Why can't you Can do that Digs and Darn is $5 to win $1,200. So if we threw in darned into that to throw five stock Down, darn DJ Moore the triple fuck you. I like that. I'm gonna throw that at house when we do million dollar picks. Like House would love nothing more than saying fuck you to three people. We might walk away with equity and FanDuel if we put all three dude, that'd be, Try to work on that. All right, who's number two? Number two is the Miami Dolphins. All of 'em. Oh again, value. You Can't spell. Oh, talk to me. You can't spell value without ew. And like it's, you know, there, I don't think any team in recent memory has where we thought they'd be to how disgusted we are by them in four weeks.


I mean a year ago the Dolphins, they had the 70 points first. The Broncos last September, they had 35 points in each half of a game. The the, the Dolphins have 25 points in each of the last three weeks. They went had a nine quarter stretch where they had nine points and So it you, you wrote like in a column like 20 years ago that for to do a fantasy trade you have to shake, get someone who wants to shake things up. They're oh four, they're one and three gotta shake it up. if you have Tyree kill, you're probably thinking about benching him for like Darnell Moody, you know what I mean? Like, like Right. So that's, you have the, you have the skeletons in the closet of Larry Fitzgerald 12 years ago and these receivers that just got stranded with no qb and you remember how that went and you're giving up. Exactly. And so you look at Tyree Kill and Waddles unplayable and he, I mean he looks like he doesn't really wanna play out there.


And so you have Tyree kill and you actually can make a true win-win trade if you're 4.0 or three in one in your league or whatever record you have after this week. And if you think you're gonna make playoffs, you should. And the people who have Tyree kill probably are not in position to make playoffs. Give them something like a win Now player win now running people always, and and my friends this week made, someone made a trade this week, they traded Tyree Kill for Zach Moss. And I looked at that and what I know, but I'm like, well they're one in three, I get it. How's Tyreek Hill gonna help you? And like no one want. And that's the thing, no one wanted Tyreek kill. It was crazy. And so like the deal, it's not like just a imaginary buy low. People with Tyreek Hill are panicking. So if you're 4.0 or you're three in one or if you're five and oh after this you're gonna the playoffs. Imagine if you can get to, if t is coming back week eight, probably Adam Schefter saying Tua is targeting week eight.


If Tua comes back and is even 80% of his former self. Yeah, you just have Tyreek kill in your flex for a playoff run. That's crazy. And so I think that that is as calculated of a risk as you could possibly take. What about the vi chop eight Chan eight? I think eight Chan's right there too Waddle. I I'm too weird on Waddle, but I think Tyree Kill and Devon h chan together are the two people I would target. And those are the guys, again, those are the people who can flip a season because for the most part a lot of fantasy is luck. But usually at the end of the day for all the analysis we do, oftentimes getting to the championship or not depends on like five people. Yeah. Like there are five people that just swing that just having them on your team makes you three or four times more likely to have made the championship. And it's always like two or three people that you drafted and it's like one or two people who could have got flavors.


And it's like Bucky Irving you picked up in week three and he's awesome. Exactly. Or covid year. Josh Kelly just replaces Eckler. 'cause he has covid, he has 30 points. And this year I, if you trade for Tyree kill and he comes back and he's ree kill after Thanksgiving, you know, that might just be that simple. So him and eight chan Can I, can I do a counter Please? I don't think Miami was good this year and I think No, they were good rocks. Think the two thing became a red herring because they shouldn't have beaten the Jags in week one. I said this on, on Tuesday in the Tuesday, pod to Dund should not have beaten the Jags. And really it was two throws by two and they, and they made it and then Buffalo kicked their ass until two. It got hurt. Yeah, they had three points.


So the offensive lines worse. They lost Wilkins. They've had a bunch of injuries already. They just lost another one today. Like it's, they, I, I think they're gonna suck either way and they can't trade Tyreek because they just send new extension. But there's also a world where they suck. Like we're gonna find out after this Pat's Dolphins game. That's probably the race for number 32. Oh, I think the do whoever Loses right? Who's worse than those two teams? I, I think the Dolphins without, they're right now the worst team in the league. I think without especially, I mean they just lost Jalen Phillips. I agree. I have anything, the two injury actually took away, I think from how much heat would be on Mike McDaniel right now because I, I like and appreciate that Mike McDaniel tried to be an authentic leader and do things his way. Having said that, yeah, the shtick is really wearing off and it's impossible not to juxtapose, juxtapose how poorly he's done with the backup quarterback with all these other guys.


But to your point with Tua, honestly, that game, the bills, I, I think, I really think they could, the bills in that game really wrote the book on Tua and just this, this system Of Right. They built it in a way that's very fragile. But yeah, even with that, it's not a very versatile team. I totally agree. And, and yeah, the, I think, well, yeah, Mike Lombardi was calling, he's calling Mike Ano the dish jockey. Oh my God. Now he's the inventor of the clapper nickname, one of the great nicknames in the history of football calling Jason Garrett the Clapper. So he calls Mike McCain the disc jockey. Now, like how he said he had this whole WR about how he is just spin spinning vinyl and has no idea who's in the club or what, who wants to hear what songs.


And I was thinking about that there in the Tennessee game because he brings in Huntley, right? And it's like, oh, so you guys are gonna do what Lalo did with Malik Willis. It's like, no, we're gonna try to run the exact same moffits and it's gonna be a complete disaster. He's just spinning, he's got his headphones on and he is like doing, I don't know, I think he's been exposed to, I think they were pretty gimmicky and people have figured out the gimmick. So we'll see. I still think he's a, I think he's a really good coach. I think the gm, Chris, Chris Greer who has been there forever, I think that that's, i I I would put him on the hot seat, but I agree McDaniel man, when you get the nickname, this Jockey's Tough has never won a playoff game. Well they haven't been Close. Got cast kicked by the Chiefs last year.


I dunno, shout Out Stephen Ruiz who pointed out, I mean, for all this stuff about McDaniel versus Flores, I mean Flores has won almost just as many games as Mike, his dolphins coach in less time. Flores is like the assistant coach star of the first month of the season. That's like him going against Aaron Rogers in London. How's not gonna talk about that in a second? That just seems like the absolute worst possible matchup for Rogers who's already complaining that he can't move. All right, number one is what Brandon Iuk the receiver for the 49 ERs. Oh Wow. I forgot he was still in the league. You Forgot he was still in, in the league. I thought he gave his jersey and cleats to Juwan Jennings. Why did you forget? Is it because he has fewer receiving touchdowns than Jared Goff this year? Yeah, I think I Just watched him play the Patriots and I don't, I think they mentioned him twice.


It, it, it's, I think he's, and again, this is the definition of a, of a bylaw because this is a player who was paid $30 million 30 days ago and everyone's like, Brandon are you gotta pay him. He's amazing. And then has done nothing. Yeah. Like he's like, he's just been almost invisible and, but he's a bylaw because everything about this situation is perfect for the 49 ERs right now. For Are you specifically because you got, I mean, Kittle and Deebo are banged up. Christian McCaffrey is in and out of Germany, which I mean, you were joking about that 10 years ago and now it's like actually happening. Like his Achilles tendonitis is spreading. Like it's contagious. They're talking about it like it's, I don't know, I up on that injury. Yeah, you're right. It, it really did almost feel like it was a staph infection as an achilles strain. I didn't even understand it.


Meaning the way they talk about it, it's like, like Game of Thrones. They're talking about Gray Gu, they're like, he's got the rot, we have to cut it off. And I'm like, how is this spread your other leg? I'm like, I'm not a doctor, but I've never heard of that. Yeah, so you got all that. So the passing games wide open and then on top of it, I look Brandon Iki looked rusty, but he's dropped passes, he dropped touchdowns. He looks like someone who missed all of trading camp. He did miss all of camp. Yeah, it's September. He's a classic by low and also on top of all of it, rock Purdy is playing unbelievable, frankly. Rock Purdy is playing right now. Like the way we like rock purdy's playing like Patrick Mahomes used to play. Yeah. Like Really like he's, the way he's scrambling out of the pocket, he's the last quarterback in the world pushing the ball downfield out of the pocket. You know, back in my day two years ago, that happened all the time.


And so Purdy just the combination of all that's perfect for iu. And so I look at Iuk as he's the most of all the people who you could tell me what unexpected player could be. Like the number one receiver in fantasy for the next like six weeks Could get like just going a tear. Like it was like the four weeks for preseason. Now he's back. Yeah. And I'm like a you can, like how many, how many, not even, how many games would it take for you to believe it? How many catches? Like three? You're like, oh, he's back. He's mad. They figured that out. Well Through four weeks, the top four quarterbacks in fantasy were jaded. Daniels, Lamar, Jackson, baker Mayfield, and Sam Darn. And Justin Fields was sixth. So I dunno, I dunno who saw that one coming for Running Backs.


Kamara, Henry Barkley and Kyron Williams, Jordan Mason, fifth. And then for receivers, Nico Collins, Jaden Reed, Justin Jefferson and Malik nabs and Juwan Jennings fifth, Why Do we do this? I was, you know, What's what's the point of fantasy football? Why do we even, like why did you guys do a hundred episodes leading up to the season? And that's the outcome. I don't dunno, man, sometimes I, I I really don't know. I I don't, it's so funny. It's fucking craps. Shoot. Do you know it's the only thing that makes me feel better, like about the idea that, oh our job's to like predict all the, predict the future and every week you just feel so stupid is everything you just listed. The only thing that makes me feel better is the people who actually have to do this for the teams are just as bad as us and maybe sometimes worse.


Where everything you, every player you just listed, Nico Collins was the third round pick now looks like the best player in the NFL. Justin Jefferson was the fifth player in fifth receiver in that draft taken it like the Eagles were gonna take. Justin Jefferson talked to themselves out of it. And the quarterbacks you listed Brock Purdy last, every team could have had him and even the Niners were arguing about taking him. And then Darnal and Baker and all these guys were flipped by other teams. Like, no one can figure any of this out. That's the only thing that makes me feel better. But no, fantasy's pretty dumb. Well, But the thing is like a lot of the conversations you guys were having, you know, you talked about Daniels a lot and Daniels versus Caleb and could one of these guys make it? And I think all of us saw like, okay, I, there's a world where Daniels could do this. So I I think at least Fantasy's advanced to, yeah, there's a, like Brock Bauer is right now somehow the third tight end, even though he is 23 points total in my league.


But there's a world where Brock Bowers is awesome. Like we knew this in April. Yeah. He might make a huge leap down the stretch. I think where the, the part that got super confusing for me was the quarterbacks this year. Yeah. And it just seems like there's no rhyme or reason to it and I don't at this point, I don't know why you would spend more than a dollar on a quarterback in an auction's. Really. I think that's where I've landed mentally. It's really simple. You have, and I think the simplest way to do it, you have to get a quarterback who runs or just don't take or just don't take a pocket passer. Right? There's no point to spend money to a pocket passer on, in my opinion. Like you get a quarterback who runs because it's more predictable, it's more stable and you know who runs. Like there's no, it's not like Matt Stafford's gonna suddenly run for nine touchdown, But those guys also get hurt, which is why I should just take five $1 quarterbacks maybe Maybe my strategy of, of 28% of my roster being quarterbacks.


Maybe I was onto something. Why do You, why do you have four or five you carry more quarterbacks in your fantasy team than real teams carry on their real team? I don't anymore. You guys wean me off of it. Okay, Good. That guy, you really killed me. We had a guy in our league this year Brad, who's kind of insane in a good way. But he took eight running backs. He is a team of, he is 18 spots and he has eight running backs. And. guess what some of them are doing really well. You know what's so funny? I increasingly think that if you're in a league where you actually can make trades, that that's probably just the best idea because you, you go in the league and you have all these receivers, you know what everyone wants to do. Three weeks in, I'll give you a receiver if you a running back, Right? There's a million Josh Downs type like yeah, he's starting crazy Brad, he's starting James Cook and Josh Jacobs this week.


He also has Brian Robinson, Najee Harris, Aaron Jones, Tony Power Re, Stevenson and Rashad White. Yeah, you can trade all those. Is that that receiver? Yeah. You could literally trade seven of those guys. Maybe not Rashad. Wait, he didn't make your, he didn't make your list of comeback guys? Rashad? No, I think Bucky Irving's a better runner than him. I think that's the problem. Yeah, I think he's, he's kind of jumped out of the TV the first couple weeks. I'll say like Roman Andre, I, that's a sell to me because he's fumbled four straight games and the pets have no offensive line left. I don't say a scenario where he starts. But anyway, the problem with Roman Andre is that Gerard Mayo just said they might bench him. And again, most of fantasy. Again, the last thing you're right about the shakeup. The only other question with fantasy, with actually making trades, it's all about the blurb test. Yeah. If the, if you play on a site Yahoo, and if the Yahoo blurb is Roman Andre might get benched, then it's like, well nope.


Can't that guy's not gonna take Ramon from You. Stay away. Yeah. I find the roster trends or just have way too much of an impact on the way I think about this stuff. It's the look at the stock market, It's, it's like, oh man, it's like green red. It's like if you wanna trade for, if you wanna trade for like, you know, let's say Brandon, but next week he's got a green matchup, it's like yeah that's half your, a third of your brain just thinks about the green red. You know what I mean? Like Yeah. Like right now in my league, which we had ad jobs yesterday, but Jeremy McNichols is the number one roster trend and he's up to 44%. It's like, what's going on with that guy? It's like super Trey Sermon Trey Tucker. You just see these dudes and it just makes your, your brain churn.


I'm glad we had that. A, as I've told you many times, you miss the days when we just had one guy reading the USA today scores, compiling them by hand, xeroxing a for 10 people, a score sheet and then mailing them out. And you would find out on Thursday if you won the Idea that you actually had a friend who would sit there with a calculator or one of those calculators that had the actual paper on it and sit there and type in On a Monday. Yeah. Numbers From a box score for all of your leagues that just call you and inform you of what happened. Here's the other funny thing, you had to get the Monday USA today and there was a couple times where he would call a couple of us and be like, yo, the Monday SA today sold out, can you guys get it and do it for me and I'll I I'll owe you.


And that was it. if you didn't get the Monday US A today, it was done. That's, so this was, this was only like 34 years ago. It's not like this was in the 18 hundreds. Like it wasn't that far away, but this is how we did It. Well it was the previous millennium, which is how it'll be remembered. That Is true. That's fair. That's fair. All right. Danny Heifetz, who, who do you like more on the podcast this year? Craig or Danny, if you had to, if you had to drop one of them Good son style. I would, I would. I would die for Danny Kelly. I love Craig and Craig. I actually think Craig is having Craig Craig's peaking right now. Craig's Having a good year. Like Craig's. Yeah, Interesting. Like a Brock Purdy. He's just steps it up a level.


Yeah. Bay Area when we first met him we're like, I don't know, is this guy just assistant thing? We're like, damn now this guy's really good now. Yeah, I think and you know, just cult following, but no, Danny, I, Danny it was his birthday this week actually. DKI Know. Well it's been fun to watch the show Grow, what is it, five years now? Yeah, we got our own feed in 2020. You slapped DK and I together seven years ago. I guess I forget the exact time. The crucial Move crucial was we realized immediately both of you couldn't be Danny on the show. Well, yeah, I guess the Cy Football podcast, it wasn't great for SEO o considering Google thought it was a typo. So, but now Ringer Fantasy football show. Yeah. One of The many things we learned put fantasy in the title of a fantasy football show. And we have the, and we have the Instagrams and tiktoks now. So Ringer Fantasy Football is our handle on Instagram.


Follow us there and the TikTok Ringer Fantasy Football, that's our handle too. And we also do The Ringer, NFL YouTube. We do our Power Hours episodes come out. We, we have Sunday, Monday, Wednesday, Friday shows the Power Hour we do on Wednesdays where we have a lot of fun. But we actually do that live on The Ringer NFL YouTube on Tuesdays as well. So. All right. Yeah, it's a very good show. Good to see you. Hi Fitz. Thank you Phil.


This episode is brought to by Robinhood with Robinhood Gold. You don't need a silver spoon to eat up the financial favors of the 1%. Robinhood Gold allows others to get the rates and perks usually reserved for the high society. And now the resourceful individual with Robinhood Gold can earn the very liberal rate of 4.5% a PY on Uninvested cash. you can receive unlimited 1% deposit bonuses and you can be rewarded with a handsome 3% retirement boost on an IRA account. Robinhood Gold provides the privileges of a high net worth for any net worth. These generous benefits are now available for only five per month. The new Gold standard is here with Robinhood Gold. Sign up at Robinhood dot com slash gold terms apply for product specific disclosures. Visit Robinhood dot com slash gold. Investing involves risk rate may change. Gold membership is offered by Robinhood Gold LLC.


This episode is brought to you by Empower. You got money questions like, can I retire early? What are my best savings options? Can I afford to pay for my kids' education? Luckily, empower has all the answers. With empower's real-time dashboard and real live conversations, you get clarity on your real life financial goals. So join 18 million Americans and Empower what's next? Start today@empower.com. Tap the banner or visit this episode's page to learn more. Sponsored by Empower, not an endorsement or a statement of satisfaction by a client.


Alright. Million dollar picks is here. Week five is ahead of us. We didn't do that well last week, but we also kind of were expecting a, a weird wonky week. So we scaled back, which was smart. We're still up $197,000 for the season. Good. I have good news for your house. I really like week five. I liked week one. We did well, I liked week three. We did well and I like week five. Okay. We're on odd weeks. You like the odd weeks? Maybe? I do. I have two stay aways, four games, I'm intrigued and then five games I marked down. So the stay aways to me, and I think you like this game as Bears, Panthers, bears minus three and a half.


And my instinct is, oh, that bears shouldn't be faired by that much of against anybody, but, and there's really good Panthers d stats for the Bears. I get off it. I just don't trust the bears. I don't, I'm staying away. Yeah. I've had 24 hours. You know, as the week goes on and we're on the podcast, we did the East Coast Bayou Show that was on FanDuel tv and I really liked the, the Bears. I'll confess that I've lost some of my enthusiasm because the numbers for the Panthers offense, especially their ability to establish the run Yeah. Are very good. And that is, if you're looking at that Bears Defense, the reason I I really, you know, felt strongly about the Bears earlier the week was because that defense I think is legit, is I think they're gonna prove out to be a top five defense over the course of the year.


Really Good stats with them. Their weakness is the run. And the Panthers have a good effing offensive line. Yeah. And can run the ball a little bit with my guy, guy Chubba Hubba. So I'm, I'm fine with the stay away. Now The, there's a world where Caleb has an awesome game. Like the Panthers are bottom three and literally every pressure stat, the 32nd red zone, 26 in yards per play their defense. But I wanna see it. So I'm staying away. Broncos Raiders, I really wanted to take the Broncos. Me too. I think the Raiders stink. They do. They were super lucky to win last week. The Browns Deshaun was the second like most efficient quarterback last week.


Had two big plays pulled back. I just don't think they should have won that game. And I don't think they're good. But I really don't wanna bet on Bo Nicks. I know coming Off a 60 yard game where it feels like if he sucks this week, he'll get benched in the first half. It just, it feels like a stay away. So let's stay away. I I don't, I don't think that's gonna happen. And the reason to take Denver is because they have, they also have what might turn out to be a top five defense. I mean, the performance that they had against the Jets last week at MetLife Yep. Was so effing impressive. And that was right on the heels of a very good performance in Tampa. Two road games that defense is traveling.


It's a badass defense. And if what you're saying is that the defense is the, the deciding factor against the Raiders and it's not a huge line, then you do it. But I, I'm kind of with you. It feels like a little early Messy now. I feel like you could talk me into it. Denver's d first in yards per play. Third and third down, second in red zone, second in Saxon Hits. I'm telling you against The pass. I know. And here's the other thing. The Raiders can't run the ball. They're 31st against the run. White's hurt. Yeah. They're playing Madison A. Little bit more. Who I, I don't think is very good. And there's a world where they just fall behind seven nothing and the game's over. you can maybe talk me into a little Denver first half Denver game if you put like two drinks in me.


Alright. So maybe Maybe, we'll revisit that. All intrigued. We're not gonna do this 'cause I'm so happy for you with, with everything that's happened with Washington, your team, the C words, they are such an obvious zag to take the Browns plus three. Nobody wants to take the Browns. Nobody. Not one person. And everyone's on the Washington bandwagon. It was just a week of hugs and high fives and congratulations and champagne being popped. And I don't like any of it. I think this is the most dangerous game I've seen in five weeks. Dude, stay away. It's, at very least it's says stay away.


I, I mean, I'll make the case on, on our ringer pregame show on Sunday. I mean, you, you, you just have to bet the Browns. It's an auto bet. The Browns, there's no scenario under which this look ahead line was Cleveland minus three in So it over the Summer. So it A six point swing in favor of, and that's because properly the whole world is celebrating the arrival of the beautiful rookie Jaden Daniels. It's a wonderful thing. The new president, President of something. I'm looking forward Biden, I, we don't even know where Biden is. I think Jade and Daniels is our new leader in Washington. Daniels in, in in in Kingsbury for 20, you know, 24.


But I mean, the line is, is preposterous. And, and the, the Browns defense has the potential to really flummox this, this Washington offense. I mean, it will be by quite a bit the best defense. Look at this. Look at what you, you showed me that you did a good luck the MJ Cup. You can't hear it. But I did a good luck dream team MJ Cup. 'cause we need wins this week. Yeah, let's do it. We'll stay away, but I'll take the balance on this. All right. All right, fine. Next one. Texans Bills. Texans are 1.5 dogs at home and everyone's off them. It's very similar to the Lions. Last week everyone was off the lions. Well, we've seen three games. The lions offense isn't good anymore.


It was the one thing I was really right about last week. I was like, I'm not giving up on the lions offense after three games. They and Seattle can't stop the run. They're banged up. I think they're, I think the lion. Were on a mock. There's a case with the Texans. But I credited you earlier when talking to Heifetz, you made the point about how awesome Nixon was in week one against a cols defense that seemed like it was hot garbage. And it's actually been a little better as the season's gone along. But are they this power rushing team that hasn't figured out their identity yet? I wish this game was like six weeks from now with Joe Mixon and I would take, I would take them as home dogs against this Bills team because I don't think the Bills defense is good and, alright, go backwards.


They beat Arizona week one. Well, now after four weeks, that seems less impressive. They killed Miami in week two. Well, it's, Miami was bad even before the two injury. And I don't know, I I, I kind of like the Texans, but I just don't wanna bet against Josh Allen. That's where I landed. Yeah. The, the case for the Texans, and I think it's a decent case, is they are in control of, of putting an end to defeating themselves. They're one of the most penalized teams in the NFL and like the net penalty yard differential. if you look at, you know, how many penalties they have and the yards they've been penalized compared to other teams.


It's bad. And it has the effect of putting CJ Stroud in these third and long situations again. Right. And again and again. And it's super hard to get first downs on third long. Now they do have the best receiver room in the NFL. Well, But that Dell's been hurt. Yeah. So that, that's, that's one, one of the considerations. But I do no mix the version of what, what we just saw Baltimore do to that, to the middle of the Bills defense. You think that Houston could be taking some instruction from that. But I, I'm fine with, with staying away from it, but I think the case for Houston is compelling. It's a P'S pool pick. I don't know if it's a put money on a pick.


I'd even be afraid to throw them in a tease, even though they're dying for us to do that too. Because every tease is lost. All year. I was so excited on, on Monday night Cha, as I was chasing bets and winning and I put the Titans and a couple teases and they actually like came through and they won handle it. But of course I could have just bet them straight up same thing would've happened. So I'm not giving up on the Texans yet. I just don't love the spot. But I also wouldn't be surprised if they had their shit together. There's also the Stefan Diggs, there's the revenge angle there. You know, he's gonna do something. I don't like that Bill's, I thought that Bill's defense was just annihilated last week and I also thought they couldn't block the Ravens.


Now that might be because the Ravens are really good, but I think the Texans can pressure Alan. So I do like them. I, I think by Sunday I'm gonna talk myself into them. I'm not doing it now. Next one. Pat's dolphins. Pat's somehow favored in this game. This, which I don't fully understand when you think about what is the line now. Yeah, pats are minus one and a half. Their offensive line was bad to begin with and now they've lost 80% of the offensive line, including their center. Who was the one good guy in the line? It's, they've lost guys on defense. They've lost far more. They traded Judon.


They lost their one good linebacker Bentley. And the guy who's replaced every Kyle and I, we watch the Pats. The guy who replaces Bentley McMillan is one of the worst pats we've had in a while. No offense to him. They lost Duggar and they're just a mess. And this really seems like it's a race for the 32nd spot in the league. I almost wanna take the points. But Miami was so bad last week and now they just lost another guy. And I, I don't know. Is this like a best part in the field game? You just ride Tyreek? I, I mean, maybe, but thankfully we don't have to bet every game on the slate. Yeah. This is a classic. We're not betting bad teams. Yeah. This is a classic. Sometimes the best bet you make is the one you didn't make.


Yeah. Or whatever. I, I messed it up. But Yeah. Do you want, you wanna try? What, what were you trying to say? There? Wanna talk through it? We're behold. So Sometimes the best bet in a situation is the one you don't make. I don't know. There's a version of that has less, You almost landed the plane. There's Less words you can do this. Less Words. We're not getting drunk out today. We're getting drove My, just drove my kid to basketball practice house, which is just Not late, late. A late afternoon. Not Crazy enough house. Yeah. A little, Little, little flustered. Little flummoxed. But we're good. Part Of me wanted to do the, the, this part after the, the Falcons game tonight. And just tell you to just have three drinks. 'cause people like drunk house.


All right. So one thing I was thinking that Miami game was Miami. First half Miami game is plus 1 65. Eh, It, it's just too many weird things since the past Had seven. Nothing. Three, nothing. It's probably over. All right. Last game that I was intrigued by, and I feel like you're gonna rope me into this and I'm already pissed off about it. Jaguars, Jaguars minus two and a half at home against the Colts. The Jaguars are owned for, they have some of the worst metrics of any team in the league for some of the advanced stuff. They're 30, they're defenses 31st against the pass. 28th in the red zone, 26th. First down. Their offense is 29th yards per play.


31st for the pass. Somehow they're bottom two passing both sides. They're last in turnovers. They've committed the most and they forced the least every, and they're the dumbest team we've ever seen. They're 11 for 44 and third down, they, they just suck in every absolute respect. Indies defense is quietly fifth yards per play now, which I think we left after week one thinking they're a disaster. And yet I kind of like the Jaguars. We've cost us money over and over again this season. if You have to make a play, it is the Jaguars. They are, you know, the situation is perfect for them. They haven't lost at home.


They both covered and, and won straight up against the cults for eight years running now. Right? Eight. And no against the, you sent me that straight Up because you're trying to, you're trying to rope me into a Jaguars bet. I We Don't knew what the fuck you were doing. Let's not do it. Let's not do it. It's a great Bet. But why did you send me that? Why didn't you send me that text? I don't understand. Just wanted to say, I wanted to say it out loud. I wanted it to be said out loud that this is a great spot for Jacksonville. I really like Jacksonville. Here's the problem though. If the cults start Joe fucking flacco. I want No, that's right. I don't. No thank you. No, That's why I'm out. We're not deciding that on Thursday. I talked, I talked to Heitz about that before. If they start Flacco, I think the cults the, the I'm afraid Potent. Yeah. And then, and then It sucked when he came into the Pittsburgh game, I was Mad.


We got that was it. We were cooked. That was the end of it. So the Colts are plus four 40 to win the division on FanDuel right now. Do you know that? I did not know that. I haven't checked the Colts number. Yeah. So what, what's their, they're two and two, right? Yep. Then Houston is three in one. Yes. There's a world where they're tied after week five. And I, I don't understand the Indianapolis thing, but they do have some talent. Like Taylor was running really good last week before he got a little dinged up. Receivers. They Have a good offensive line receivers. They have a good offensive line that's Yeah.


They, last week especially, they were well coached. But I was thinking like that plus four 40, if Buffalo beats Houston and Indianapolis beats, Jaguars drops down to like plus one 20. Just a thought. I'm not gonna do it. All right. But Just the thought. All right, let's Talk. Their defense is pretty beat up the Colts right now. Yeah. They've got a bunch of guys Buckner and pay. It's not, yeah, Let's talk about the games we like. So there's a London game. Yes. We get Rich Eisen back in the play by play. I know he is one of your play by play favorites. Vikings minus two and a half against the Jets in London. Yeah. And I kept thinking this line was a mistake and I didn't understand why it wasn't three or three and a half.


And I get it. The Vikings are four no. Against the spread. They're kicking ass all he all season. Brian Flores, he's, he got his mojo back after two. Cut his knees out. Minnesota's first in DDOA after four weeks, which ain't nothing. The Jets are 20th. Minnesota's defense is second against the run. The Jets offense is 27th and I think Bri Hall is dead. Minnesota's first in Sachs, second in QB hits first in QB Hurs and second in tackles for a loss. Oh. And they're fourth in scoring points. And they bet their offense has been good all year. And then you have the Jets who can't run the ball, who have just a bad coach by NFL standards.


He is one of the five worst coaches. They had an abomination of a loss last week. S see It could be either one, right? You take your pick So, it applies to both of them. And Rogers got the shit kicked out of him last week and then a minute afterwards that he's banged up. Yeah. And to me, five sacks. Five sacks he took. So Normally I would say this looks too easy, Vikings, they're too hot. This is that. We've seen this Stay away. It's London. Don't bet on the London Game house. This just looks to me like the worst case team for Jets, for the Jets to play, for Rogers to play when they already can't really block. And you're gonna have Flores just going after Rogers. I don't think he wants to get hit.


And I like the Vikings. Yeah. I I'm, I'm in the same place. And it does feel like kind of a a we're buying the Vikings at the top of the, the price market here. Right. And I looked at the, the look ahead. What do you think the look ahead was for this game preseason? What do you think it was Coming up season? Oh my God. It had to have been what Jets by four and a half. Four jets by four. Yeah. Right. So this is a six and a half point swing. But I think it's entirely appropriate on both sides of, of the ball. And the fact that it's less than three is, to me, enticing. And, and really the point you made about Floris and, and his ability to, to bring the Blitz is what's got me more than anything bullish about this.


Because florist has gone up against the Shanahan, you know, sort of coaching tree. Yeah. That, that's been all their game so far. Yeah. And he, he played, played Shanahan and he, and he beat him, you know, and, and, and now he gets the, the worst of them in, in Hackett. And I know that they're gonna blitz, they're gonna blitz a lot. And the Denver just showed us how, how to do that. The other thing is, I'm wondering quietly if the Jet's defense is, is overrated because we've seen them shut down the Broncos in Bo Nicks. We've seen them shut down the past the Patriots and we've seen them shut down the, the Titans.


They played three horrific quarterbacks and now they're going against Arnold in a revenge game and we're gonna do the revenge parlay later. But they're now they're going against the team that's shown they can run the ball and throw the ball. Yeah. And the other thing with Minnesota, like some of the advanced stats, 'cause now we're in like week four, we've, we're through four weeks, so we actually have stuff to look at. And the Minnesota stats got kind of fucked up by that. Weird Packers come back, they're up 20, nothing. They're killing them. And then the guy muffs upon all sudden 28 7, now they're in changing their defense 'cause they're just trying to check the lead. And all of a sudden the Packers make a couple plays. And that game was stupid. Minnesota is dominant and I'm a believer, I I'm a believer in their defense.


And that, you know, the Jets are averaging 18 at points A game game. They have no explosive plays at all. They're talking about trading for Devonte Adams all week. Rogers and Sala people are talking about that. This almost feels like a sla. They leave them in London game. Oh Wow. Yeah. Wow. It's got I would rather bet On's. This is like a worst case scenario. Jets game. Now we've seen weird shit happen with the London games. Yes. And that's the only thing that scares me. Well we, the the, the pushback to that is the favorites now are like 34 in 10. Some incredible number for favorites in, in, in London games. So if you were really like on the fence at all. Yeah, I'll, I'll pick it up and I'll send it to you.


We're taking the Backings. I can source that. I can source that. I know it. I don't, I don't know what's hap like the jets losing in that Broncos game. I know the weather was bad. It's one of the worst losses of the year when you have a a you're playing a team at home that cannot move the ball and you still lose. Wow. They took a beating. That's, that's the part of it that, that, you know, to take a beating like that at home. And then the whole organization has to get on airplanes and fly over to the place with the crazy, you know, terrible different time zone. Let's, I mean, I'll, I'll take the team that I feel like is gonna show up prepared and organized. Well here's another one. This one jumped out at me too. Ravens Bengals Baltimore at Cincy.


And this has, you talk yourself into the case for Cincy home dog. I, to me this is, I get all the trends and stuff. This is a nightmare matchup for the Bengals. The Ravens are first in run their offense, first in run, stopping on defense. The Bengals can't run the ball and they can't stop the run. This is the worst possible team for them to play. you can throw anything else, Toine. I just like fundamentally Ravens are gonna be able to run the ball and the bagels won't be able to run the ball and that's it. How do they, how do the Ravens lose this game? I can't figure it out. Except for they've, they've lost two games already and we, we, there was no world in which you could come up with the pathway for them to lose to the Raiders.


They Well, but throw away They did, I I get it throw away week one. 'cause week one there's no preseason. Week two, they're winning the game's over and then all of sudden 10, they just blow it to a dumb Raiders team that that's gonna be the dumb result of the year. And now they look I'm in on this Ravens team. Did you see that clip of Lamar and Derrick Henry? It was great. It was great. I did, I loved it. I was like, oh, I'm betting these guys. Yeah. So here, here's the reasons to be cautious with, with the Ravens it, that the price is as high as you're gonna get. Right? Because everybody just watched them on that national stage humiliate the Bill, but it's under a field goal still. I know. So that, that, that is attractive. But it, you know, the look ahead was Cincy minus one and a half.


So it's moved, you know, all the way up to two and a half for Baltimore. It is a divisional game. But let me ask you what you think the line would be if Cincy had closed out that game against the Chiefs. They should have won that Chiefs that Chiefs game. They had the Chief's game one, they would be two and two sitting here right now ready to Host, you know, the crucial divisional game. What would that line be? Probably a pointless. Yeah. So B still Baltimore probably favored because of the way that they looked against Buffalo, right? Yeah. But I'm in, we do this with NBA too. I just think Ravens regular season Ravens is, is been the best, one of the best bets of the league the last couple years.


It's a great call. A great, it's a Great call. And they're just built to win these games. You go against him, you're like, fuck yeah. You know, we can't run the ball at all. And they're running all over us. And I'll tell you the Justice Hill piece of it too, where they Henry's just a batter him and then Hill comes in and Hill's been really good for them. I think the Ravens, I think they've figured out who they are. And I was trying to think of a way they lose this and it's probably just the Bengals chucking it. Downfield getting a couple PIs, one big play play Tucker misses a field goal. Like I see it, but I just think the Ravens are just better. Yeah, well I mean you look, they, the Ravens have the blueprint for stopping Joe Burrow. He's, he's one in three in their last Yeah.


Four games over the past two years. The Ravens have no problem going into Cincinnati. They're four and two against the spread. Lamar Jackson. I Didn't like games like this. I agree with you. Lamar's five and two against the spread in his last seven games in Cincinnati. So it's not like they're right. 10, they know what's at stake. This is really a chance to knock Cincinnati out of the, the, the race for the A A FC North. Right. It's such a good point. Yeah. They're B Pittsburgh's three and one. Baltimore's two and two. Since he would be one in four if they lost this game And they already, There's a lot of work left already. Yeah. And then you, if you're Baltimore, you're hoping Pittsburgh somehow loses the Dallas.


But even if they don't you, that's the other thing. It's not like Baltimore's four and oh, like they actually need this game. They'd be two and three if they lost. I may on Baltimore, I was so impressed by them against Buffalo last week. I just thought they looked like bullies. I, I'm fine with going along with it. That's what I seen. October. I wanna see teen, A teen that's just like, we're bullies. We're gonna bully people. I just want to make acknowledge how public the play is and, and that the line's inflated. Is it Tough? 'cause I feel like a lot of people are on the, oh, you don't give Joe Burrow points at home. And I, I feel like I've been hearing that even on The Ringer, The Ringer gambling show this week. Okay. It was a theme. You think they're too public Buffalo? I mean Baltimore. Yes, I do.


Packers, Rams. Speaking of public, This is the most public game of, of the week. Well and I'm happy to punt On it. Well that, that in Washington, that in Washington Packers minus three against the Rams, the Rams should be owe four. They should have lost that Niners game. They could also be two and two at least they could have beaten Detroit. That was a coin flip game. Right. They could have I guess say ot, They could have beaten Chicago. Like that was, you know, there was crazy turnover variance there. And they, they did beat San Francisco. They could be three in one. Their defense is atrocious.


Forget about the receiver injuries. 28 against the run 31st and quarterback hits 28th in the red zone. 29th is, I'm becoming more and more enamored with that scat stat. Like if you're just letting somebody throw complete that was Arizona last week against your team. Yeah. It's just like, oh yeah, please complete 90% of your passes against us To me the Packers. So they're plus 1 0 6 to make the playoffs. I was really surprised that those were plus odds because like, oh let's come up with the seven NFC playoff teams. Right. You go one from the NFC East. Right. You wouldn't go two, would you go two?


I would Stay, I would stay with one. You won in the south or would you go two? I think it's reasonable to imagine two out of the south. So We'll say one and a half. One and a half in the south, two and a half in the north and two in the west. Two in the west. Yeah. Seattle, San Francisco. Yes. I don't see how the Packers aren't one of the seven best teams like throw away that stupid Philly game in week one. QB gets hurt. They play Minnesota in week four. We haven't seen them just in a normal situation. They're gonna be in LA be 38,000 Packer fans here and their offense is fucking loaded.


I mean, so Multiple receivers, they can run the ball. Josh Jacobs, we haven't got heard from. Heitz was big on him this week. Kraft the tight end has been like kind of a revelation for them. I just think they're gonna move the ball all game in the ramps. I totally agree. My favorite bet by far, and I'll just jump right to it, is Green Bay over team total 26 and a half. That's my absolute look. Jump in, load up, get on it. But their defense quietly sucks. I mean the Vikings jumped out to 28 to nothing. That was my best bet on the The Ringer pregame show this past Sunday Minnesota team total. It was a ridiculous number. It was like 21 and a half or 20 and a half.


I was like, whatcha talking about where is this line coming from? Why is this Green Bay defense? That was really good. Getting, getting the facts. Yeah, that was one of your better ones. Thank you for that. Thank you. But I, I don't know what it is about the, the Green Bay defense that has people think that they're gonna be in a position. I think this game is, is is perfectly lined up for a shootout kind of game script. I mean I don't think that that that Green Bay defense is gonna put pressure on Stafford and it doesn't matter to the Rams who the, who the receivers are. We, the, the guy Whittington is out there running great routes. DeMarcus Robinson. I think he's dinged up, but if he plays it just doesn't matter.


It's next man up. McVay and Stafford is the, is the key thing there. And if, if Stafford has time, he's gonna throw the ball to open receivers. So you would rather do Packers over 26 and a half than just The pack lay the points. Yes. At the Packers minus three. Yeah, Yeah, yeah. I don't like laying all those points. It's Crazy. That's really interesting. I do think they're gonna be able to score. I'm not worried about that part of it. Yeah. So if they lose, it's like a 30, 27 type thing. Right, Right. Kind of like that. I think the Rams defense is awful so, Well it, it's Packers 26 and a half, they're all in the Hospital.


And Aaron Donalds probably watching this going, thank God I got out having a great time. All right. Packers 26 and a half. I like that house. Thank you. Trying Saints Chiefs. That's a Monday. Nighter Saints are getting five and a half points against the chiefs and first of all, KC going five and oh with all the shit that's happened to them would be incredible. Yeah. Second New Orleans offense has been really good. Red zone, third downs. You know they had that one one week when TSM Hill didn't play against Philly.


That was just a weird game. Casey's defense is also really good, but New Orleans has defense has been pretty good too. No Pacheco, no Rashid Rice, no Hollywood, brown New left tackle, which they tried out last week and this line just seems two and a half points too high to me. Yeah. So the case is you bet on the Saints and the Chiefs are just rushing up the middle and Derek car discombobulated and you're betting on Evil Dare Carr, you're betting on Dirk Carr, his evil brother. That's the only way I don't sit covering. You also have cheap touchdown potential even if they're down 10. But the Chiefs don't take big leads on anybody. No, I know it. I know. It just Feels like a three point. I feel like I'm getting two and a half, three points.


I like the Saints plus five and a half. I I think they'll be able to move the ball. I think they'll be gonna be able to move the ball as well. I mean, want to make sure that, you know, all of the guys that are dinged on offense are all, you know, showing out. Right. On the injury reports and everything. But the aspect of it that I'm impressed by, I think that the Saints defense is legit. I think the Saints Yeah. Especially in this condition that Kansas City finds itself in. I I I I'm probably gonna play the Saints on the money line to be honest with you because I do think that there is a, a, a pathway to the Saints, you know, taking advantage of the disarray Kansas City's offense is in.


And that defense just producing, you know, the the win and you, you're only asking for enough out of their car. It doesn't, if you look at the, the game totals and of the, of the chief games, it Doesn't take a ton to beat Them. It doesn't take a ton of points To beat them. Well do you see they've scored less points every week. Right. They started at 27 and they've just gone down to your point, saints the Fifth again, fifth down, lowest first downs. First in the Red Zone, seventh against the Rush. And you have the chiefs with they, I guess they're punting on Carson Steele and just doing a lot of Kareem Hunt.


Some p Ryan. We're gonna see. Yeah, we're gonna see a lot of P Ryan. Listen, I'm sure the Chiefs are gonna win. They're just gonna win by one or two. It's What they do. It's what they do. I wanna, I wanna take the point. So we both fight that and then two other ones. So Seattle has taken on the Giants and Heifetz and I talked about how important neighbors has been for the Giants 52 targets, which is nine higher than anyone else in the league and just over and over again. And they're just figuring out how to use him. Incredible. I don't think he's gonna play. Yeah, he's got a concussion. He didn't practice today. Just we're taping this on a Thursday and it seems dicey that he's gonna play. And even if he plays, sounds like it was a pretty bad concussion. Seattle's offense, you know, they, Gino's been really good.


We know they could throw the ball and then the Giants offense even with neighbors was 24th and yards per play. 30th. 30th rushing. Yuck. One thing with the Giants, this is an interesting stat house, their second worst in completion percentage for their defense. So you just, just guys are open all over the field. That sounds great for the Seahawks. So I'll give you some options here. 'cause I, I, I like the Seahawks. I like we're, we're taking them somehow we can put them in a tease and try to lose our fourth tees in five weeks. Or we could just bet Seattle first half Seattle for the game minus one 40 and just lay the juice.


Hmm. I kind of prefer the latter. I think I prefer to, to lay the juice. The YF around with, with the teases. Let's just put it in the hands of Seattle. We recognize that the Giants are coming in with extra rest. We recognize Yeah. That Seattle is coming on short rest its own self. And we recognize that that was a tough game against Detroit that was, you know, explosive on both sides of the ball. Take all those things into account and that's why we're not gonna ask Seattle the latest six and a half, but come out of the first half with a lead, any lead will do and then just win the game. Yeah, I like that. I've been trying to get our friends of FanDuel.


I thought they were our friends. Ohoh. Oh. Thought they were our friends. Oh no. I really wanted to do every week do a first half slash game. Just a little bit of a boost. Right. This minus one 40. Just let us every week for all of our friends, try to boost that to like a minus one 20. So I'm, I'm, I'm badgering them, I'm guilt tripping them. And hopefully by next week that could be little boost. I boost wanna own my own version of a parlay for us for million dollar picks where it's like, oh, what's their first half slash game gonna be this week? Like come on, FanDuel pretty good. We can come up with a name for that. All the good stuff we've done for FanDuel.


They can't, they can't give us the first half gamer name. By the way. They should patent the sow the Steelers one. You know, that's hitting again this week. Oh. I mean hopefully we get a chance to talk about it. Yeah. Well so then the other one I was looking at for this was Niners first half Niners game is minus one 70. You could do the over against the Cardinals, bring that down to 40 and a half and all three of those together is minus 1 0 1. What were your thoughts? Because I don't, I don't see the, the Cardinals their defense and I don't know, I wanna talk myself and Oh Cardinals, you don't wanna give him that many points, but I think they have a lot of trouble throwing the ball.


I've been kind of, I was really surprised last week against Washington. He, he didn't even get, did he get to 165 yards? I I, I don't know. He only ran no Kyler. Murray had around 165 yards passing and ran for under five yards. I don't know what the game plan was for Arizona going against that. I mean, literally across the board, the Washington defense is in the bottom three of every metric. Yeah. And for whatever reason Arizona was not able to exploit that. And they have great skill guys. It makes me nervous though, to be honest with you, coming into this one where we just watched the San Francisco.


Yes. And San Francisco looks so good against the Patriots and we would lose if the Cardinals by some dumb fluke w got the first half, like, you know, went into halftime up something stupid. Right. Like 17, 16 or something dumb like That. What almost seems like it's like an IQ test when you play Kyler if you don't let him get outside Yeah. And you just keep him in the middle. It really seems like it's hard for him to move the ball against, against decent and good defenses if you let him kind of move around and do stuff different. And the way that I thought Washington did a really good job against him last week, just kind of kept them in the middle of the field and you could see they were really struggling with it.


They also, you know it, when you score times score every time you have The ball, that's another reason. It does help. It does help if you guys come in fresh. Alright, So you wanna you wanna pun on this Niners game Just because I'm, I'm, I'm, I don't like, yeah, I don't, I wanna punt on it. I wanna punt on it. I'll tell you this. I was on a couple Pats threads where we kind of felt like if they had played Drake, Drake may, we might have either won the game or come close last week. Wow. Against the Niners. Yeah. That's how bad Brit was. He's he's so bad. He's so bad. It's Fine. He Seems like a great guy. Like I'm, no, I know. He's, I'm rooting for him. I really want to, He's a career a backup. Now's so bad. He's a backup quarterback. It's not his fault.


All right, so we'll move on. Those last one is Steelers Cowboys. Yes. It's a night game. Steelers minus one and a half. Yes. Yes. Cowboys just lost. Just lost. What's his face? The second receiver Brandon Cooks. Oh. Oh, he's, he is, he's confirmed out. Yeah, he's out with that goes along. They don't have Lawrence or Parsons on defense. They do not. They have two best Players. They don't, they don't, The Steelers I felt like could have won last week. They had the ball down three at like the 35 with three minutes left the snap hit fields in the face for some reason. And then that was it. They have some, they have offensive line issues. They've, they've now lost two starters and they have some running back issues.


But Steelers minus one and a half. Come on. I'm here to tell you in the first place, this is a perfect spot for Pittsburgh coming off of a loss of a game that they think they should have won. They're at home in primetime with a chance to embarrass one of the other legendary franchises of the NFL. I'm also here to tell you that Justin Fields D'S nuts. It is really improving. And when we talked about Pittsburgh last week, I, we talked aloud the idea of like, you know, what if Justin Fields starts having some Justin Fields games, well he kind of just had one, his decision making inside that.


Right. The snap in his helmet in the biggest play Of the game. That of course, of course that's a Justin Fields Steve's nuts play. But I love the way he's using his legs. He's choosing it at the right time. And it's clear that he and Pickens have some chemistry. I mean, you know, they, part of the, the loss to the culture included Pickens fumbling in the effing end zone. Right. So I'm, I'm, I think this number is crazy short and I adore Pittsburgh every which way. TJ Watt against poor Dak against that poor offensive line with the, the one dimension that, that Dallas possesses, which is, they, they might be able to throw the ball to Ferguson a little bit, but it's just cd I think that Pittsburgh's defense will be able to figure it out.


And even with the injuries on the Pittsburgh offensive line, they still have, they're slotting in some, some guys, I actually think that they're, they're kind of adequate there. Not good, but, but adequate. Oh, I didn't know you were an offensive line scout. Now this is exciting. I mean, some, I have a couple more Things for you too. Let's here. Dallas' offense is 32nd running. Yes. Nobody Is the worst running offense than them through four Games. Nobody. Pittsburgh's defense is third against the run. So how is Dallas gonna run the ball at all? They won't. They won't. And Then on the other side, Dallas's defense hasn't been awesome. Right? 28th in the red zone, 25th yard per play. 27th against the run.


And that's with, so Naji is healthy. Yeah. Cordo Patterson might play 50 50, But I do think they're gonna be able to run the ball on these guys. And to me this feels like a, it's a night game. I think this feels like a kind of a, it's sad Dallas game. My fear would be when we've seen Dallas in the situation a few times, Pittsburgh big lead early and then Dallas and all of a sudden it's like the Green Bay Minnesota game where you're like, why am I sweating this out? This game was over. So I I think there's some weather potential and I, you know, it is, it is. That's Good for Pittsburgh Outdoors. Yeah. Yes, exactly right. And Dallas Outdoors hasn't been great either. Yeah. Cousin Style doesn't like it when I talk about badly about Dallas Outdoors, but, and they did beat the crap out of the Browns in week one.


But the weather was perfect for that. I think there's some potential for precipitation. And if that comes to pass, I especially like Pittsburgh, but I already like Pittsburgh every which way in that game. It's one of my favorite bits of the week. All right. We have six bets we really like this week. Wow. We're gonna up this up to 200,000, right? Yeah. This one's at 200,000. It'd mean I, if you wanna do two 50, it's okay by me. We're, we're upping it two 50. I like, I like Pittsburgh that much. if you want do some other ones at 201 at one 50, that's fine. But I'm just telling you Pittsburgh is, is probably my favorite bit of the week. All right. Justin Fields these nuts. That brings us to the million dollar picks for week five.


We are up $197,000. We deliberately scaled it back last week 'cause we did not like week four. We really like week five and we're gonna bet $200,000 on the following games. Vikings in London against the Jets. We accept all the red flags. London Game, Vikings Sport. No against the spread. Lot of people on the bandwagon. Bye week next week. This is a Vikings defense against Gimpy. Aaron Rogers not feeling great. This is a really top five coaching staff on Minnesota side versus Big Shot Bob Sal and Hackett. This is the Jets not being able to score 10 points against Denver, not being able to beat a team that only threw for 60 yards.


And this feels like a miracle that this line's two and a half. I don't get it House. You don't either. It's The, it's, I I don't either. It's just the, you know, the, the way the look ahead worked out, but I love it so much. Ravens minus two and a half at Cincinnati. We talked out all the variables with this one. Yeah. Ravens are a little public, but best run defense, best running game going against the team that can't run the ball or stop the run. We're just gonna settle with those two Ravens win by three. Are we gonna be sweating this out in the fourth quarter when Yes. 31 to 14 and then Burrow hits Jamar Chase for 80 Yard. Yes. And all and the people are two points and yeah, I get it. Yes.


Ravens minus two and a half Packers at the Rams. Packers are minus three. But House wanted to zag on this a little. And you know what, you've been doing this every week, you've been pretty reliable. Even if you did talk me outta the Bears and Raiders last week, Packers over 26 and a half against an absolutely atrocious Rams defense. Yeah, We Figured they scored 27 and up and then we don't have to worry about Matthew Stafford getting super hot down the stretch and Oh, for a push. Any of this. No, no. Weird outcomes. Exactly right. Saints plus five and a half at Kansas City just felt like this line's two and a half points too high.


I'm playing the money line. I'm playing Saints Money line. Oh, why didn't you bring that up earlier? I did. I said it when we, we We didn, we talked about it. Would you rather Do Saints plus five and a half for Saints Money Line? Oh Saints plus five and a half for these, for these purposes. It's a, there's a much, much smaller wager on the money line. For me, this feels like another one score game. The Chiefs are gonna be the first team ever that wins a game by a half point. It's never happened. You can't even calculate points. It's like the Chiefs have won 26 and a half to 26. How'd they do that? We have no idea. This is a three point game. And you also have cheap touchdown potential. We take the Saints plus five and a half knowing full well that third quarter. Derek Zibo brother Dirk Yeah.


Is just getting his ass back. He's by Chris Jones. We're texting Each other going, why do we bet on the Saints?


All right, here's, here's a first Half gamer special that FanDuel just won't name after me. And let me do a boost every week. Seattle first half over the Giants who won't have Malik Neighbors we're guessing. We don't think he will play on Sunday Seattle game. That's minus one 40 on FanDuel. You know what? We're just gonna lay the juice. A great Two 80 to win 200. I want a name for it. A great first half. Great game. It's like, is that, is that the, is that the massage parlay? Like what? What's the right name for that? What's we gotta come up with a name For the BS massage. if You, I don't know if you have to bleep that if we have to cut that out, but why don't We cut it out? I feel people go Get massages. That's true. Massages are fine. Yeah, the first half is your upper back, your neck and stuff. You're on your front. And then then, and then there's the end. It's great. The massage, partly the Joe House massage. The first half game. Yes. Minus one 40. We're putting 200 on that. If we lose, we lose $280,000. We accept those risks.


And then last but not least, first time we've done this, you sure you wanna do this? We're gonna target an extra little, all right. Trying to win money first time. We've done this in five weeks Trying to win Steelers who we picked every week, who have gone three in one for us. We are going to take them minus one and a half over the Cowboys for $250,000 of the million dollar picks because Cowboys can't run the ball. Steelers love stopping the run. Cowboys only have one receiver. Cowboys aren't good. Cowboys Aren't Good. Another reason Cowboys aren't good. This feels to me very similar to that Ravens, where they're only favored by one and a half going down into Dallas in a must win scenario.


These games for Pittsburgh, we keep talking about it, are must win games because their schedule is going to get their schedule's about to get bad, bad. So they gotta go kick ass when they can. And This is a kick ass spot for 'em. They're home. It's a game you should win. You go four in one, you hope Baltimore somehow chokes against Cincinnati and you have a two game leader against everyone else division, but Pittsburgh's in a pretty good spot for to start the season. So those are Steelers, little extra Vikings, Ravens Packers over 26 and a Saints plus five and a half Seattle first half game, the Massage Parlay all for 200 Steelers for 250 K. Those are the million dollar picks for week five house.


Congrats again on having a quarterback. I can't believe it. Let's make it one more week upright. It totally makes up for the Alex Sar pick. We're not, who's that? I dunno. Dunno who the hell you're talking about. Alright, see you next week. See you next week. All right. That's it for the podcast. Thanks to Kirk Goldsberry and Danny Heifetz and Joe House, don't forget you can watch clips and full episodes of this podcast on Bill Simmons YouTube channel where you can watch me and Sal do our podcast live on Sunday night after the Sunday night game. Right after we go. Right on there we go live and you can watch it.


So there you go. Re watchable. Don't forget, we're doing Poulter guys next Monday. So you can watch that ahead of time and we'll eventually be throwing that up on The Ringer movies channel as well. And I will see you on Sunday night. Enjoy the weekend.


It must be 21 plus in President Select states for Kansas and affiliation with Kansas Star Casino or 18 plus in President dc. Gambling problem, call 100 gambler. Visit rg help.com. Call 1 8 8 7 8 9 7 7 7 7 or visit cpg.org/chat in Connecticut. Or visit md gambling help.org in Maryland. Hope is here. Visit gambling helpline ma.org or call 8 3 2 7 50 50 for twenty four seven. Support Massachusetts. Or call 1 8 7 7 8 Hope ny. Or Text HOPE NY in New York.